yeah sorry new country I'm Anastasia I'm
from Belarus I've been the United States
for the seven years hi max I was born in
Paris friends I've been in California
for the past four years okay
there are things about Americans that I
don't understand let me think I think
that I do understand Americans but just
because I spend made like seven years
trying to understand them to function in
it what do you what do you don't
understand about Americans well I think
the way for example a lot of people they
like to talk about like money and things
like that yeah like not having anything
to do more okay yeah yes just today I
was saying that that find myself feeling
guilty for resting and I never had that
before
especially working it's like the highest
value and priority and it's not where I
am come from where are you from Belarus
okay it's between employment I think of
it as an issue because I miss my freedom
I don't know I miss I miss a deep and
joyful conversation with friends not
related to money or work coming to
America has helped me grow as a person
okay I'm ready for that one well maybe
there one main reason is because I've
spent the past like four years and a
half here how old are you 20
so you came when you were 19 yeah pretty
much yeah
I had 20 dollars at the airport I had no
idea what I'm gonna do with my life and
no plan and nothing like pure zero
coming from a totalitarian country I
learned brand-new history of the world
of my country of my culture like so
information in education I think was a
key to freedom for me into growth and
opportunities to people reach any level
of life they want and I do know it's
possible I have been teased for being an
immigrant I can't easily happen between
adults about being immigrant yeah it's
kind of like joking joking teasing is
fine and yes it happens often and I'm
coated but like being disrespectful once
in the work environment that became like
whoa somebody just to suspect me just
because I wasn't born here it was it
because of your country of origin or
just the fact that you're not from here
because I'm not from here I wasn't given
the same work opportunity so I was
treated differently or the feedback to
me was sarcastic in a way or like with
an attitude and they think it's that
person's issue and misinterpretation of
the world I'm sorry for what happened to
you so far I've been pretty lucky I
think oh yeah it was tough experience
but I'm still grateful for that
experience because it makes me
understand all the people who face this
issue and it's real I think difficult
experiences teach you more than positive
ones cool next question yeah
I've been ashamed of my own of my home
country I had such high hopes no there's
there's dark stories everywhere and she
want examples I think you know
colonization like the consequences and
the effects are so very present and
immigrants are descendant of immigrants
the way they are treated in France is
not great even though they've been there
for like generations I been ashamed
maybe not of the country itself but of
the leadership of the country part of
dictatorship is make people ashamed of
their own culture so they give up
fighting for freedom we always looked up
to Russian and it's so weird because
like it's not my fault sometimes you say
like I'm from Russia I used to say that
in the first couple of years because I
noticed that nobody knows Balor's and
not to make them uncomfortable would be
like yeah Russia works you know it's
fine I speak Russian but later years
like now when I'm more mature I would
just say that I'm from Belarus even if
they don't know it it's fine you know I
can tell them I feel like I abandoned my
family and friends I hate this question
yeah because I knew that the way we
wanted and it is better for my family
that I'm here it because we like it's
better for them because who can sustain
life hold together they're like
financially it's very tough situation so
coming to the United State was like the
biggest best moving change in my life
and I found myself and freedom and all
the opportunities but at the same time
the feeling that I left them is like
haunting guilt that
have and it's probably my biggest pain
in life and maybe the only killed real
kill that I have I think for me it's one
big reason why I moved here is because I
have some family that moved as well
especially from the fact that I didn't
really need to it's not like like some
you know it's really hard and in France
people can maybe see it as a more like
egoistic like decision so yeah it's it's
a pretty big thing I think when you're
immigrating somewhere I'm proud of Who I
am
I think I'm proud of Who I am and the
things I've learned in America and
evolving identity as a human being but I
think it's still like a pretty strong
statement and I also have my doubts I
actually feel like this two questions
are related for me the only reason that
keeps me in the United States is
opportunity to be diverse best version
of myself that me and hopefully my
family can be proud of I think it takes
time to be proud and maybe it takes a
lifetime to really proud yeah nice
talking to you yeah what up Jubilee fam
thank you guys so much for watching
another one of our videos we hope you
enjoyed it as always please let us know
down below what you thought and if you
have any questions or comments for us
and subscribe watch more videos here
we'll see you next time
