so my biggest problem was dude I looked
up to you like you were my fucking idol
really not and then for this to happen I
was just like fuck why is my brother one
of those assholes you know my name is
Devin I'm Kelly my relationship with my
brother is old best friend new best
friend
my relationship with Kelly is humbled
big brother seeking adventure partner I
am a positive person yes or no
1 2 3
Oh a surprise I think you're both I mean
there's levels I'm positive with other
people I like to hike I'm a hype man
you're hype man all right I like to tie
people up so yeah I'm positive when it
comes out words but you know I see
people around you and no one's like oh I
don't want to hang around Kelly she's
negative people like hanging around you
and being around you so I have felt
judged by you one two three all right go
on always judged about you you didn't
even want to hang out with me I was
really critical on you
I know sue I'm very aware and all my
friends and they're very aware I was
critical of your friends oh yeah
everyone could see the judgment all over
you they can't see what that walking
just exuberant judge me on us
interesting I totally judged you at one
point when judging you right now dude
wearing the same color shirt
I thought I feel understood by you one
two three out of everyone in the world
never stood by you the most I do
even without whatever gap 15 years how
long so Deb and I were really close
growing up I mean I don't know we went
we went several ways I I took a very
dark path I got into drugs in high
school I had a disgusting relationship
that I just couldn't get out of dove in
went to school and was in a serious
relationship and I don't know we we took
very different paths yeah so we didn't
talk though that was like mom told us we
had to say hello to each other and we we
met on the stairs she screamed in my
face Wow and then I left I left when did
you leave 17 moved out Steve but anyway
we didn't really talk and I was going
through something weird and I told my
mom I'm gonna go to Amsterdam I booked
my ticket and I'm leaving and she goes
ask Devon if he wants to go with you and
I'm like uh no ask to have a few months
go with you I thought about it and I was
like actually let's see what's up what
he's doing so I called Devon and it was
like a my mom wants me to ask you to
come to answer town with me and I'm
starting to believe I can't go alone
what are you doing we fucking did it it
was a crazy crazy experience we've been
we've been communicating a lot recently
Devon's a good support system for me
likewise why
so it's cooler friends again are you
ready I'm ready
that's me yeah - I am a good person
alright one two three
yeah I've been told the last like three
years I'm a horrible person and you
start to believe that stuff when you're
told that over and over again but
there's no way I'm a bad person
I care so much you're not the worst
you're not the worst person you're not
the worst person I think you are a good
person because I've seen people talk to
you and and tell me afterwards how much
how easy it is to talk to you how easy
you are to be around and people
gravitate towards you you care about
people and you're authentic person
Kelley Mackel oh because that's what
people say about you I think you're a
good person I think we get lost we get
lost in our heads we are so judgmental
of ourselves and like those couple years
after your divorce and stuff that was
rough and like I could see where you
might not have felt super amazing at
that moment are you doing with that
that's a tough one for years I was with
somebody who's my best friend ever
no and they're just something else that
I wanted in life and for that to be in
question and I really have all the
answers for every one it was felt like I
was coming this quarter law where you
know it's judged a lot and
get it so my biggest problem was dude I
looked up to you like you were my
fucking Idol really not and then for
this to happen I was just like fuck why
is my brother one of those assholes you
know and that's shitty of me because we
don't know what's going on in other
people's lives I broke my heart that I
was such a dick to you
I'm glad we're getting closer one degree
okay or an agreement it's nice to have a
friend it's nice to have somebody who
understand you it's great to have to be
liked again a little bit by my family
you're on the outs for a whole like
three years so calm down bro
you're out for a little long if Kelly
can get back with the family oh man
that's gonna be easy
do family's so important it's so
important and I took it for granted
growing up yeah well I'm glad work
closer you and I I'm glad to like you
and I have an unspoken understanding at
times I don't even think it needs to be
a conversation but there's an element of
no matter what we've gone through having
like that kind of like wink of an eye
and that well like underlying
understanding you okay we're gonna be
able to do something do you remember
yeah all right let's see we can do it
all right we still got it
you still got it glad we're talking yeah
that's nothing that's the talk nice
again hey did you see that new Jubilee
video yeah we just put it out it's
pretty good right
wait can hold on a second hey everybody
hope you liked that video if you did
please subscribe to our channel for more
you can also watch some of our previous
work here please check it out thank you
guys and we will see you guys next time
sorry fuck you back this we're still
there yeah
