the only thing I ever really wanted in
my life was to be a mother that's the
one thing I didn't get to
I was 24 I woke up one morning and my
bed was completely soaked and I thought
I'd peed the bed I was four and a half
months pregnant
but when I called the doctor he had me
come in and let my amniotic sac had
broken I didn't know what to do I
couldn't eat I couldn't sleep and I
couldn't stop crying
because nobody tells you when you're
young that there's a 20% chance that you
could have a miscarriage
my marriage didn't work out a lot had to
do with how hard it is for a marriage to
lose a child so that was my first
miscarriage and I moved to Mexico when I
got married again I got pregnant again
and I knew enough to do a check because
I'd had a miscarriage
so I went in and they told me that um I
had what's called an incompetent cervix
and that just means that your cervix
doesn't stay shut I was pregnant for
five months the doctor said to me as I
was miscarried
have you had an abortion pretty much
insinuating that maybe was my fault that
I was having these problems that was
1995 and in 1996 I got pregnant again
with my daughter Farrell Farrell Alma
means a wild soul and I was pregnant
five and a half months so every time it
got to be a little bit more so the next
time when I went in and I knew I was
gonna lose Farrell I refused to let the
baby out until they promised to let me
see her
I moved again and I was living in the
Caribbean and in 1998 I got pregnant
with Aiden and somehow I knew it was a
boy from the beginning so I'd already
named him
aidan means fiery one and my husband had
already left by the time I found out it
was pregnant he'd already decided he
wasn't gonna stay even though I'd
already had three miscarriages and I
knew that being pregnant was a risk for
me and both physically and emotionally I
couldn't I couldn't not try when you're
pregnant you can't help but hope you
hope and you imagine what your child
will do and the things that they'll
happy and I didn't tell anyone I was
pregnant because I thought for sure that
I wouldn't be able to keep the baby when
the doctor told me that I should not
work and I refused and I thought that if
I didn't give everything of myself up
and I kept working that if it didn't
work out it might not hurt so much and I
was six months pregnant and I was
getting my regular checkups
I was excited
and the doctor let me know that
something was wrong with it and my son
had a rare genetic disorder that caused
his kidneys not the function properly
it was gonna toxify my system and there
was a high risk that I would die
I needed to terminate the pregnancy
because the baby was gonna suffocate in
utero it was dead I went to see a
specialist that I had seen before and
they told me the same thing
Aidan wouldn't be able to survive and
they just didn't even want me to leave
they wanted me to just take care of it
right there but I refused and I didn't
care I wanted so bad that there was
something that they could do to save my
son
and I was willing to die from that but I
couldn't that wasn't gonna fix the
problem it didn't matter what I was
willing to give up my mother didn't know
what to do and she was a nurse and she
still didn't know what to say so I let
them take my stitches up and they
induced labor when I made the decision
that I would let the doctors do what
they wanted I felt so guilty I felt
like I was giving up on my child but I
really can't think of anything worse to
do I remember thinking that I wish that
my labor hurt more I just wanted to feel
something because I felt so numb and
Aidan was born and they had forgotten to
tell me that he would be alive he was
considered a live birth so they had to
weigh in and you know do all the things
you do to a new baby and then they
wrapped him up when they placed Aidan on
my chest he was struggling and I heard
his breath
it felt like thunder to me it was
deafening I wanted him to open his eyes
so bad I wanted to be able to look in
his eyes and know that he was loved
my name's ally for about an hour and 40
minutes he took his last breath
and it felt like my heart stopped and I
had him cremated and I fell back to the
Caribbean and I sat in the closet in my
room and cried there was nothing to do
to comfort me it's one of those things
in life that there's nothing to be said
there's nothing that's gonna make it
better for so many years afterwards I
would go to visualizations or
meditations or you know anything to try
to be a better person a lot of times
they'll tell you to visualize your you
know your pelvic Bowl or your girdle as
like this golden orb of light and for
many many years what I imagined it was
bile waist and something gone rotten
I guess that's how I thought of my womb
I think maybe the truth is I've never
fully grieved I didn't maybe that's why
I'm here today it's almost 20 years
later I've been very lucky I have a lot
of nieces and nephews and I run a
nonprofit that provides arts education
to children and I get to use all my
skills and something I'm really
passionate about so I came today to
celebrate my four children and honor
them and maybe to honor the 10 years of
my life that I spent invested in that
most people in my life don't even know
that I've been pregnant four times and
every once in a while I get a Mother's
Day card
from someone who knows me and loves me
and it's beautiful
and painful at the same time
you
