I'll just awkwardly walk around the
party until I make eye contact with
somebody
oh no I translates on camera like
somebody say no you know
from what I've heard it's not okay weird
this will Google says a cuddle party is
an event designed with the intention of
allowing people to experience non-sexual
group physical intimacy through cuddly
yeah that's what we're doing today
that's a toy yeah it's not gonna get
sexual same here but like dude come on
it's like a lot of people cuddling I
don't know I don't know all right let's
do it oh my god what's up guys I'm Amari
and I'm Paulo our slogan at Jubilee is
live great so we decided to jump on the
road trip for the next eight days we're
gonna face our fears do things we've
never done and meet new people to
explore what living greater actually
mean this is the living greater series
yeah excuse me we're in the right spot
this is the area with a workshop and
there's like a changing by some cute
pajamas I don't really I don't have
anything
yeah what is a cuddle party for me
cuddle party was the gift that gave me
back the gift of my voice and like I
have my voice taken away at a very early
age and as you sit in cuddle party then
they start sharing about rules and one
of the rules is really getting you to
ask permission and get a verbal yes
before touching people so the whole
cuddle party workshop part is about
teaching you how to ask for the things
you want and to stop feeling guilty
about saying no for the things you don't
mm-hmm and then practicing it sounds
super powerful all right well let's do
it y'all ready so we do like a yeah
sit down my name is Adam and I'm here
because I really love this work I
imagine a world where the culture is
consent my question is what in the world
were you thinking when you decided to
come out here tonight thank you thank
you and see did we get everybody and
we're gonna invite you for tonight
to try on the concept what if there's no
such thing as rejection and every time
that word bubbled up for you what if you
replaced it with the word redirection so
really go ask for the things you want
and say no to the things that you don't
so you can really have an amazing cut
apart
wanna know I'm allowed to ask somebody
and to like I don't somebody say no you
know I guess I gotta go for it
everybody's kind of yeah I don't wanna
like energetic feels now sauna all right
here here's that here's the challenge
for us right now okay we both have to go
find somebody right now and ask them to
do something with us hopefully Paul is
the one that gets rejected translates on
camera no it's not a defining it left a
reminder says we're not defined by
whether someone's yes or no in the world
because we are inherently what if you
are inherently enough just like whisper
in my ear tell me how what I do well you
know what I'm gonna do
sorry excuse me
would you like to go talk in the color
room or what that room is called a bit
Oh is that okay yeah that's fine you
want me to come back and ask you okay
cool sound yeah
I have two grandchildren and I want the
world that they live in to be a more
peaceful consensual loving place where
strangers can talk to each other share
hugs and we want to leave people with
that feeling it's like yeah I want more
of this and I want more of this feeling
in my life all the time
it's fun it's really fun it's cuddling
with everyone just letting go a little
bit I think I still have a little bit of
issues but I'm starting to slowly open
up the doors and bring down the walls
you know you can definitely give me a
back massage yes yes okay this is the
other can we do I gazing right now yeah
sure
when I heard cuddle party we're gonna do
this what is this but then coming here
meeting you guys going through sits it's
now I understand why people come here
now I understand why this exists people
feel a connection to this you know yeah
I love it so much I look at a room and
watch and see people connecting and just
like the the sweetness of the energy
which comes from touch it comes from
being authentic and really being in your
truth I think that authenticity that you
guys bring into this yeah that's also
all right okay give you a hug Wow yeah
and all these people that a few hours
ago may have been complete strangers
full of strangers and you all feel
intimate at the end that's beautiful
you know that uh the girl in the pink
dress yeah yeah me and her just had like
a like a super deep conversation that I
really wasn't expecting you know going
into it I thought okay we're just gonna
cuddle and like that'll be cool like a
new experience doing that but you know
it just it's a setting where you're just
can be open with people and vulnerable
and I just I wasn't really expecting
that yeah I think it gave me a bit more
understanding but if you know it's not
something weird or sexual or something
like that you know it's it's much more
than that it's it's real human
connections and just meeting people and
being really like you you know in front
of other people it's I think it's more
than just a cuddling you know definitely
do yeah no sure no you're not sure no
that's not cuddle it's no I have the
parts II know I learned that today
hey hey
