stationwide is agreed
we live in deadly times with violence
galore and chaos ruling the earth the
world is more dangerous than it's ever
been
and things are only going downhill first
of all is that true second if it is what
if I told you that at the same time
there is some good going on that isn't
getting as much attention what does it
mean to be a superhero is it somebody
with special powers is it somebody who
swoops in and saves everything when
things go bad or can it be anybody good
who prevents bad things from happening
in the first place imagine if you built
a bunch of time machines and sent all
the most loving mothers back to one
today's most chaos causing people which
is babies and these mothers raise these
babies with such love and compassion
that these children grew up to be normal
healthy people who never thought of
doing anything tragic these mothers
would have saved millions of lives by
preventing countless dictators criminals
and terrorists from ever even arising in
the first place these mothers would be
superheroes well what if I told you that
right now
even without time machines millions of
lives are already being saved every
single day what if I told you that right
this very instant there are already
millions of amazing loving mothers
across the world who care for their
children who love their children who are
guiding their children to become good
people in the world and are preventing
countless future tragedies and disasters
all the time what if I told you that
every day because of good people all
over the world millions of evil acts
deaths and tragedies are already being
prevented everywhere what if I told you
that there are people out there like
stanislav petrov who during the Cold War
received orders to launch nuclear
missiles but chose not to and literally
saved all our lives or the scientists
from decades ago who invent
the polio vaccine so none of us have
polio today what if I told you about the
mechanics who tighten the bolts on our
car wheels so we don't crash into
concrete walls or people who spend their
lives creating better building
structural safety codes so that
buildings don't fall on our heads what
about the teachers who taught us how to
read so we can read things like stop
danger or caution or the people who
pilot planes safely so we can travel the
world and expand our minds the people
who design traffic life that prevents so
many accidents from happening every day
all the chefs who cook our food well
enough so we don't get food poisoning
what about my dog that keeps me company
so I don't feel too lonely and doing
healthy things what does it mean to be a
superhero is it somebody with special
powers is it that dude with big muscles
and superhuman strength that flies high
in the sky or is it a lot simpler than
that maybe maybe the real superheroes
are already all around us
hidden in plain sight saving lives all
the time
you
