like the amount of times ahead said no
got me scared
so I was working for a casting company
there was one day that I was at the
office with my boss one of the PAS
and the DP were coming over for some
paperwork and PA had brought a bottle of
whiskey over
I remember the DP had told us that he
doesn't really drink much and he's kind
of embarrassed too because he gets
really flushed in the face we kind of
peer pressured him into it it's like
come on like it's just us we had a lot
in common including a lot of animes that
we liked video gaming had a similar
sense of humor and he was really sweet
and as the evening went on the PA had
gone home and my boss was getting tired
and kind of saw me and him talking and
she kind of could sense that we were
vibing a little bit so she went back
into the back room to kind of call it a
night so he and I were alone I remember
I was showing off some of my drawings to
him
one of them was something magic related
or about a witch or something because it
got us talking about palm readings he
took my hands and was reading my palm
that kind of turned into oh my gosh
we're holding hands he kissed me and it
was nice he got a little carried away
with it and I kept trying to remind him
and I did remind him like I like you I
do but I just I don't know what I want
right now I had just gotten out of a
physically abusive relationship and I
just wasn't ready for anything and I
just wanted to know for sure who
somebody was before I got to know them
that kind of made him it confused him
and he didn't like what he heard he just
kept telling me like I don't doesn't
make sense like that's not you can't not
know what you want
I just felt guilty I felt like oh he's
right you know I did kiss him back and
I am flirting with him and I do like him
and everything he was saying was making
sense to me like well why shouldn't I
want this and why don't I want this but
I just wasn't ready and I kept trying to
tell him that but he just kept kind of
kissing me but it wasn't until it like
kind of intense were like he put me on
the desk and and then whipped like
whipped his dick out and and I just told
him like I really don't want to do this
right now I was fighting to keep my
pants up and he kept like trying and it
kind of turned this weird like dance of
us kissing and him like trying to put it
in me and there was a point where he had
like picked me up and put me on the
floor where we had that little green X
marker for actors to stand and I just
remember there was that moment on the
ground of just how do i position myself
so that he can't get me that way and it
kind of turned into me like leading him
like outside into the hallway because I
knew that down the hallway my apostle
was sleeping like the amount of times I
had said no got me scared because he
seemed like such a nice person
and it was late and he's really tall and
I just felt like if I don't do something
that's gonna just get him to stop then I
don't know it's gonna happen
should I have hit him screamed at him I
didn't want that feeling of somebody
being inside me that I didn't give them
permission to do that so I just started
checking him off right there with him
like pressed up against me against the
wall and I just remember thinking like
he has absolutely no idea how terrified
I am right now there's no idea how
disgusted I am because he was just
in it you know moaning and it felt good
for him and he got off I got him off
that way and it just kind of stood there
and he calmed down and I just said I
think you should go and he did and then
I just sat down and I just cried for a
long time luckily as a bathroom right
there so I walked in and
try not to throw up there is just so
much in my head that I was blaming
myself like it was my fault that I
flirted with him it was my fault that I
kind of liked him and even told him that
I liked him it was my fault that I peer
pressured him into drinking with us
if this were somebody else's story I was
supposed to have sex with him and I was
supposed to like it it just seems like
saying oh you know I'm not in the mood
it turns into let me get you in the mood
or oh you know I I just got out of a bad
relationship I'm not that person or oh
you know I'm just I'm not ready what can
I do like what do you need like instead
of just having to be no I don't want
that a perfect world is where we can
talk to each other about it that I don't
think it's just bad guys versus victims
guy versus girl thing it's think like
humans that first for whatever reason
you have to be willing to be that person
to speak the other person's language
there were a lot of things that I had
said I'd blamed myself for it turning
into that situation and because I never
did just sit him down and say do you
have any idea what that did to me
because maybe he has no idea maybe this
whole time he just has been telling
himself and his friends that it was some
crazy drunk night yet regardless of
what his intentions were or weren't I
would want him to know that it impacted
me
you
