so a couple days ago Jason and I were
trying to come up with the title for
this video you're watching right now
what the hell are we trying to do here
anyway oh that's a great title what the
hell are we trying to do here yes keep
in mind that might be what is this I
don't know who are you so I am Jason and
I'm the founder of Jubilee media cool
so this is the mission of Jubilee yeah
we're gonna do it let's read it together
ready a lot of times I don't think we
really know what we're doing I guess
that's true for a lot of us playing
around seeing what sticks seven years
ago Jason made his first ever video and
stuck I mean I first started this like
with one video of me like going to a New
York subway stop to sing it was a 22nd
birthday and Jason woke up to tragic
news about the Haiti earthquake it
didn't feel like a coincidence if I had
this belief that ordinary people can do
extraordinary things I just had to grab
my guitar and serve all my friends to
sing and busk to raise $100 for Haiti
the goal was to raise $100 and they only
raised 80 but when they went home and
shared their video about it they ended
up raising way more than expected that
was a time that I realized that stories
and media and film are such a powerful
mean to do kid
and I'd literally thought that was the
only videos that we're gonna make
since then we've literally made like
over 200 videos what originally was a
single video to do some good for Haiti
became an epic seven-year journey of
telling hundreds of stories that
impacted tens of millions of people and
seven years later for more people voice
crack that's so exciting
that's Amari by the way you'll meet him
later
I'm going to 500k subscribers why did it
take to get there dude sweat tears and
hard work I'm eager to be even bigger
which sounds like very selfish to say
but I want to be like 300 million I
don't know like 5 million it was a good
good number we want to create a movement
like a movement of people a movement of
young changemakers that's what that's
what we want to create
half a year ago Jubilee switched from
being a nonprofit company to become a
for-profit startup to become a lot
bigger Jason brought me on the team and
I thought why don't we film everything
that goes on here and make something
real about this crazy journey something
honest without or sugarcoating
something that shows the good and bad
because we're on one hell of a ride with
the mission to empower a whole
generation of changemakers and there's a
lot that happens behind the scenes like
I said a lot of times we don't really
have any idea what we're doing but maybe
that's a good thing because you don't
really have to know what you're doing to
actually do something and seven years
ago I don't think any of us expected
we'd be where we are right now
this is the Jubilee Journal and this is
our journey to live for something
greater want to join the ride
what's up guys
it is Thursday we've literally done the
second cut of the film you just watched
look at us working so hard to make stuff
for you go ahead and subscribe right
here on his face oh my god or down here
there's more stuff here as well we'll
see you around next time we'll be
working on the second episode by the
time you're watching this
