I identify as a liberal because I was
raised by a super strong feminist mother
and I believe in equal rights for all
human beings by a definition I'm a
conservative because I voted for Donald
Trump the liberal policies are more
humanistic inclusive and less
restrictive I believe that my
conservative values align most with my
morals
stated is I am nervous about things
a nice topic sir and I think they're
really sensitive to a lot of people and
a lot of people feel very strongly and a
lot of feelings get her and you need to
see that in society and stuff like that
so I'm nervous because like yeah we were
forming relationships like talking and
getting to know each other outside just
like now it's it's all gonna change like
let's hope not I personally think that
it's in my opinion through civic duty to
vote yeah and I don't see why you can
complain if you didn't take the
initiative to go out let your voice be
heard people should be going out and
making their voices heard and that
should be just general like what we do
because that's what we are supposed to
do as opposed to oh if somebody else to
take care of it oh it's not my problem
oh I don't know
most of people I know that didn't vote
kind of non voted their conscience and
yet I think that everyone should still
have a say in the right to be
participating and I wouldn't want to
just silence
someone they should be participating
that's not that's the issue they aren't
participant but they not see any value
in the local elections at all yeah
there's a lot of things other than
that's one that's a clear view here my
friends do they go look I saw no value
in any local election at all zero
nothing you guys do realize a lot of the
people being affected by Trump are
people who can't even vote so they're
complaining I might go ahead complain
you've been here since you were six five
months old
you still can't vote or you're good
tailed those people they don't have a
right yeah
no I think those people have a right to
complain however my my beliefs and my
thoughts are pointing towards people who
are have the ability of the rights and
the ability to register to vote or to
vote and choose you know yes
you guys your premise that if you can
vote but people who cannot vote they
don't have that right that's true so
that's why I disagree
uh uh I'm not gonna lie I didn't vote
haha so all y'all in the comments you
guys can put it in there now huh
it wasn't my personal favorite I'm not I
don't agree with a lot of the ways he
conducted himself in his presidential
campaign but I think if we look at him
versus look at him from before he was
elected president he's a very very
different person we're not in World War
3 so it's the how the same freedoms we
can still talk about it we can still not
like him though all these things and
think that you can't be doing a worse
job than she's doing right now it could
be much worse
I think he's doing the worst job my
thing is it's like when did it be okay
for him to be the least common
denominator when was it okay for our
president our the leader of this country
to be oh he's always not as bad as he
could be yeah I'll be honest I didn't
vote for Donald Trump but on January
20th I said you know I hope he does best
job just like any President Obama did to
you guys that I hope he does because
that's I have to put my faith in the
office of the president regardless of
Reinholds it whoever that is they
deserve my respect the only reason I
voted for him or the primary reason was
because Ben Carson came out and
supported him that's how a conservative
we behave not gonna be swearing he's not
going to go through divorces he's not
going to be on the news saying stupid
things that this what a conservative
person would look like to me
I just think that people don't you know
you get different experiences so you're
gonna learn differently you're gonna see
things to different through different
lenses like there is misinformation on a
lot of the conservative side you guys
have info wars you guys have things that
are blatantly saying
Sandy Hook was fake that the Hurricanes
are to populate climate change like that
we have an agenda as in like there's
another reason for us besides saving
humanity to try and do something about
what we're causing it just comes back to
you know what do you believe to be truly
why I think sometimes when I have had
interactions with people that disagree
there's so much emotion attached to it
and it's hard
I'm glad you don't think we're
misinformed by well I I think I think
she's like I was listening Jen when
you're talking about the kind of things
that you feel the Conservatives disagree
upon or think about I think you're
discussing a radical set of conservatism
we generate what is promoted is not but
that is not what most people are
relating to if you add if you would out
but you're associating yourself with
those values so you in what way so
sometimes value that there you have a
white supremacist we're like we're
Christian you have unfortunately but I'm
totally that's not what most people Ruth
and your dicks and you support white
supremacist the same thing with I mean
most of those people are great my
biggest problem right now is that each
party is painted with one broad stroke
of everybody falls under ten things
challenge at least the reason I didn't
come in cuz I don't think the other side
is misinformed but I think we're
informed differently exactly it's
interesting social media allows you to
interact with people they're very very
different
you guys friend me on Facebook you see
I'm friends with more people that
disagree with me then agree with me I
don't care what you believe I'm really
really really interested in like a twat
it's like I believe this or why I
believe this why why why why and and
that's that's something that only
happens when you develop a friendship or
a lot of interaction
and proud to be in America and I think
about that a little bit it's like you
know you might love your child but not
be happy with how they're acting right
now and I see things that upset me and
embarrass me about how we are and yet
our possibilities the way we respond to
people all over the world or cover our
values we're still proud but not maybe
as proud as I used to be there's a lot
of freedom in what you can say and I
think there's a lot of power in that
because I know a lot of people into
other countries if they say anything
about their government like they'll
disappear the next day and I get to not
only in voice my opinion but also live
it being able to do whatever you want to
do make who you want out of yourself
that's the awesome
I thought the idea of how this was going
to be that there would be more polar
rise more agreement and I see it more
centrist most people do a great motor
that's why but I think some quarters
represent all conservatives are all
Republicans no but that they're a big
population though but I think tonight
today I was pleasantly surprised at
everyone because I think that centrist
messenger maybe that I agree with you
but I also hold my beliefs and I respect
that
I think that's something that we it
should be happening more and more
because I think there's so many
conversations where I kept me this crazy
person I talked to they think there's no
it's we disagree but that's okay I
didn't expect you to be super
argumentative or you know we have to be
uncivil about things because you know
people are gonna think differently and
if you can think for yourself and think
about the position you're in
it's very hard to argue somebody and
it's very very very very hard to really
dislike somebody just because they
believe something else but I was happy
to hear all of us it kind of be on the
same level really as far as social
issues like I mean as far as being
people as opposed to like this is my
side this is what I'm right uh you know
and that's much better
I was pleasantly surprised okay
the Facebook
