I overcame the trauma of rape after
three years of drugs alcohol and
sleeping around to forget my pain I
found God I found peace what is the
worst thing what are you most proud of
equipment desk job and pursued a career
I am passionate about I don't care what
it is I'm happy for that's what
everybody wants isn't it it's gonna be
scary and it has to be scary but
sometimes I got to make that job why not
be scared first towards something you're
like passionate about overcoming
depression has been a big feat for me
not letting it back into control my life
has been a tough and daily struggle but
looking back I can't believe I've lived
this many years feeling happy and loved
that is incredible that's a great thing
to be proud of and I went through a lot
of periods of depression in my life and
so coming out of that I totally feel
this it's a great secret I'm proud of
the fact that I chose to confront my
first partner about whether or not he
truly cared for me we've been dating for
about four years at that point I'm glad
I didn't waste any more time with him
you go girl
yeah from this she was obviously able to
learn that this person wasn't giving her
what she needed and you know person
wasn't caring for her so I'm I'm happy
for her I overcame the trauma of rape
after three years of drugs alcohol and
sleeping around to forget my pain I
found God I found comfort and those
around me I found peace
I'm sorry that you were in pain and
while you were trying to escape from
your pain someone inflicted more pain on
you I'm glad you were able to overcome
that and find something meaningful to
you
I have been abused my entire life
mentally emotionally physically sexually
and still I choose to see the good in
people and to give as much love as I can
you know love is a word that gets thrown
around a lot but when you can go through
pain and still leave yourself open
enough where you let someone love you
and you give it
that's strength and so that's very
beautiful
