ever since I was a kid there's just this
innate sense of alienation that was a
part of me all the time and I don't know
where it came from
why I was in the magic was because I
think it was a medium to further
understand reality I wanted to know the
truth of how that car disappeared how
that coin disappeared I was walking
through life with this veil of really
anxiety-ridden thoughts what does this
person think of me what clothes than my
gonna wear today I just had this
enlightenment where I realized that all
of these really mundane worries was
completely unnecessary there's no
physical brick wall - like constrict us
from doing what we want you know and I
realized that it really doesn't matter
what that person thinks with me at all
psychedelics were almost a giant magic
trick to me I would see something but
under the influence it was actually an
illusion of something else
it wasn't enough to figure out how the
card trick worked anymore I wanted to
see how the trick worked in life I
wanted to lift the curtain of reality
what is the inner mechanism that strings
everything together when I would
skateboard under these substances I felt
like part of the earth rolling the
wheels on the asphalt every time I would
shuffle cards it just felt right I felt
like a universe orbiting planets in my
hands I felt almost too connected to my
surroundings I was reading my ego to the
point where I didn't associate with
Pierre to the point where I didn't feel
human anymore
it was just consciousness but when
you're living in Orange County at age 19
you can't go around saying your
consciousness you know I didn't
understand how people didn't see how I
viewed things and everybody that I tried
to talk to he came off really forced and
really awkward
I would be alone in my room a lot
painting and surrounding myself with art
but I would be doing all the stuff by
myself depression really started coming
in because I didn't relate to anybody
around me not my parents not my friends
I don't have any friends anymore I got
to a point where I was longing for human
connection at this point I knew what it
felt to be the outcast I knew what it
felt like to be an alien for a while but
now it was time to be back on earth
when you're that far out in space it
takes a few light years to come back on
earth you know I had to find out how to
be a human being again
I was intentionally putting myself back
into the illusion I realized that it's
not bad to be part of illusion
necessarily the best part about a magic
trick is being fooled that's where the
show is you can't be behind the scenes
all the time there's no show anymore
I wanted to be on stage again I wanted
to be performing with everybody
I've been fairly financially comfortable
because of my parents a good portion of
my life but now financially we have to
get rid of this Giants to do that I was
completely blessed with we have to find
a new home and we have to find a way to
make ends meet and and I know it really
sucks like it's been really somber about
it right now I'm just trying to figure
out where I belong in human society I
don't know how to make stuff that makes
money I try to make art that reaches out
to a bigger audience at times but you
know that's for everyone else to decide
really and and what I've been struggling
with recently is just that all of the
material that I've made throughout the
years does it mean anything to anybody
it's really unfortunate but I guess
eventually the baby has to exit the womb
right the baby has to see the world
I don't think life is only about
happiness anyway I think I think life is
a lot deeper than that
it's a lot more important to grow than
to be happy you know I I don't know
where to go exactly but hopefully the
universe has a path carved out that I
can walk down on
