other people are like oh he's like fine
if you don't show symptoms and no one
will know if you don't want to talk
about it no one will know and they'll be
hidden
the good days other days for like I'm
able to wake up at like a reasonable
time and like after waking up like
actually got out of bed and stay out of
bed and like go for a run and do the
things that a normal human being like
can do bad days are when I get up late
and I say okay
like I need to get out of bed and they
don't for like an hour
and then they get out of bed and then I
get back in bed cuz I just like feel
like I can't do anything
today is August seventh so it is square
coming up on nine months yeah so oh yeah
and they're months hey let's go there's
been nine months late old mom and dad
that my life is falling apart when he
was little
hey Mackey was a pretty happy child
it's a parent on the bill to cocoon I
want to protect my child from all the
bad things in the world there's only so
many things you can control so it's the
whole process of letting go
that that's hard I think after being so
quiet like elementary school and a lot
of high school I felt like I had
something to prove and they always
wanted to prove like my worth like
through school what happened was I was
like kind of on the cusp of like a
depressive episode near the beginning of
my fall semester I stopped going to
classes start sleeping in too late
causing like a three-month long
depressive episode
I remember Matthew calling so I'm sorry
I didn't tell you this sooner and I'm
having real problem with things ie and
depression
and I remember wanting to just somehow
reach out skew my hug
you're worthless how could you hurt this
person how could you let yourself get in
this place like the answer is costly
just like I don't know I don't know I
don't know no no I get must be because
I'm an awful person he didn't tell me
about yeah hurting himself directly and
that's I think it's the scariest part of
Matthew's depression that I I'm actually
afraid to know all the details
I had such intense feelings of like
frustration and confusion and fear and
anger and they needed to vent them
somewhere and I vented them at myself I
didn't withdraw from classes until the
day before finals started which was the
last day you could withdraw from class
there was there was so much pride
involved with going to Rice and being in
such a prestigious university like being
pre-med there and like graduating in
four years and I had to like give all of
them up for the sake of my city for my
health
you
I think depression is an illness hidden
from view and sign it in so many ways
people don't want to talk about it but
it's a significant part of our
population that you can treat and deal
with
it's not the end
if people ask me like what did she wake
what did you do when you took him off
and like I found out have it be a normal
human being
I forgot how to I had to take care of
myself because I didn't care about
myself but definitely something I can
say is I was able to quote unquote
refocus my life
my morning routine
there is so much triumph like I know I'm
just like brushing my teeth it's like
very mundane but like on the inside just
like yeah I rest my teeth being able to
just like do all of these things and
like know that that I'm ready also to
tackle whatever else comes I'm like it's
it's so encouraging I'm really proud of
you it's how we deal with
the hard time said I've been short
characters he's gone through some hard
times and
in Safari
you you'll still have days where like
nothing will change you'll have days
where you'll even progress and feel
worth
but despite that
I understand that doesn't define me and
it doesn't define what I can and can't
do just focusing just just focusing on
the next step is
regardless of your religious beliefs
your your your personal ideologies love
yourself so in terms of like where I am
on my road to recovery like I'm still
I'm still just getting up I'm still just
excited to walk but like I'm still
walking
yes
you
