hey guys it's Jason here and we're back
this time with a big announcement
Jubilee project is now Jubilee media
we're back with the same heart for doing
good and living for something greater
but now we're going to be doing it as a
for-profit startup now I know you
probably have a ton of questions like
where have you guys been where save my
soul why the change and we answer all
those questions in a letter in our
website for now we want to let you know
that we've been working really hard
we're going to be releasing a video
every week and here's a small taste for
what's to come
roll the tape and now it's starting all
over again handsome not so much family
and friends does how much I appreciate
her support that I always get from her
so I thank you for drinks I mean I think
that poor thing is love it who would
unit I'm now in a satellite called salsa
that's what we hear
hello Wow somebody expected the phone we
are very good as a Korean people of
putting on the proper image of what
looks good on the outside
one day you're given how much
