these are my sweet adorable boys but
they are also my little rambunctious
Rascals that's what I always call them
dear child dear child dear child I know
you're hearing a lot of things that are
confusing and scary right now you're
growing up at a time when hate when
bigotry when prejudice it has been
legitimized so yeah there are going to
be times when you are going to be called
a terrorist do you want to get rid of
the Muslims in this country or we would
be better off without them or that our
religion means hate or it means killing
or people asking you to explain things
about your birthplace or questioning
whether you're an American you know I
know that you've heard about all of
these incidents kids who look like you
being bullied and I'm sure you're afraid
all those people don't know who we are
and that's what makes it so easy for
them to hate them today people are just
misinformed and they exist that's just a
reality and I was always afraid to share
my identity but I don't want you to be
afraid of that I want you to really look
into yourself and see the light that's
in you this is an opportunity for us to
become louder and stronger help people
understand who you are a Muslim who
shares the same dreams the same
aspirations the same hopes like anyone
else you are worthy and you're loved you
are beautiful you are strong you are
capable you are the most amazing child
I've ever met and I'm still looking to
be a mom
I want you to be proud of who you are I
want you to friend as many people from
different religions and race and
ethnicities and I want you to see that
beyond our miniscule differences it is
our shared humanity that makes us who we
are
