hi thanks for coming today thanks for
having us
do you mind if we ask you a couple
questions today about your relationship
no we met on set I was doing background
and he was doing sound
she walked it in like 3 or 4 hours late
being late in general not just cuz I was
on the set like really bugged me but
she's always when she walks into the
room she's got this friendly demeanor
and everyone just says they gravitate
towards her and they like talking to her
it was just funny because it was like
we're talking and he's drawing and I'm
like I love to draw you draw you have to
show me I remember what she wore - sure
a hat is it one of those Salman heads
and she had a sunflower tea he had like
super like eat that emo hair you know
like it was like it was a red stripe and
it I think or he tried to dye her yeah I
think you were dressed up as a boy stop
yeah I was I was it was an experiment
I have some bad jokes within like it
doesn't matter church wherever whatnot
when I make a joke there's only one
person laughing for me it's kind of like
whenever I've been like in the dumps
you've kind of like been there it was in
2008 my aunt who was like my second
mother just passed away from cancer I
just remember you coming up to me me
just shutting up not wanting to say
anything and you just kind of like be
there yeah cuz like I really didn't know
what to say yeah well I mean sometimes
like words don't don't fill the need of
a person being there the moments left
giving in to your inner child okay and
that's not even just like one moment I
mean like getting you a billboard
little pink bear thing making a blanket
for with you doing like the stupidest
things that you didn't gonna do when you
were little I think like not telling
your immature stupid for feeling that
you want to do that but somebody going
out of their way without you asking no
do it I mean there hasn't been a day
when I haven't felt loved by him so
sounds cheesy though I have there been
days Oh Jack sometimes I am Jeric I had
a really hard time accepting this
relationship I came in with something I
was very shameful up in my life and it
was it was like part of my identity and
I really believed it that I did not
deserve love and I told him all of my
life story and what has happened and he
was just like I see you who you are now
and it's someone so beloved and precious
he really showed me I deserve to be
loved and really brought light into my
life no way there's a lot of times when
I get angry
you're mad and I say a lot of vapid
things and I shouldn't because it's it's
bad but she always forgives me um but
she makes sure that she knows that she's
hurt and I probably don't tell her that
I hear her but I hear you
ended up in a place where I was like
working all the time to carry to this
like this vision I had for our lives
although I thought I was catering to
this I like forgot like where she was in
terms of that and so it kind of put
aside all of what her personal needs
were and was for this grander picture
and I think in a lot of ways and I think
I know I I know I've said I'm sorry a
dozen times me it's just like honestly
like yeah I know yeah I know I know you
know me to like cry okay I can't please
but I really am oh yes mmm yeah
absolutely
yeah hands down
to the one person I can't see myself
without to never living without if to
whatever you think you are and what this
is because this give me whatever it
needs to be a friendship a marriage a
team effort a partnership because it
doesn't have to look a certain way assam
just have to feel a certain light but it
just this here's to you even though
we're mismatched in a lot of ways we do
match i think i do you that one here has
that um how does get married so I love
you I love you too kisses for me missus
that's what I say to him kisses for me
myself
we're drinking at all
Oh
you
