can you tell us what you were like when
you're younger how young
ah when I was younger I was actually
very quiet and very introverted oh my
gosh I was I was painfully shy I was
very insecure I was very unhappy
I would like find the comfort of not
having that love my my home I would find
like the comfort in like another man you
know and like that I let to find me
I believe the finding moment in my life
have been the most challenging ones the
biggest moment is probably losing my mom
so it's it's affected pretty much every
aspect of my life that I can I can think
of I just remember fighting I just
remember fighting to just be after my
accident I just wanted to help people
and I just wanted my life to mean
something my outer beauty had been
scarred now and so outer beauty fades it
goes away and what's left is what's in
your heart
everything that I've gone through has
brought me to this point it made me the
woman that I am today if you could tell
you know yourself anything what would
that be
Wow um okay hi Rachel this is future
Rachel beautiful jasmine beautiful
little Jasmine little darling Kelly
Mickey you are perfect
a lot of people know but they don't
think about it but you like most people
on this planet you won't have your mom
forever so love pair with everything
you've got love her with every single
hug every single kiss every single good
night you are exactly where you need to
be you have a purpose that is unique and
solely for you
you are so crazy and so wild and so
beautiful and I'm so proud of you
there's going to be so many hard things
that come your way but you're gonna make
it out okay you're you're going to be
fine and you're going to flourish you
are a unique beautiful individual crazy
little wild thing even though you are in
the world that's trying to make you
someone that you not but just just be as
true to yourself as you can because who
you are is amazing who you are is
beautiful and you don't have to settle
for the things that you think you do you
deserve so much more than what you've
given yourself and know that you are now
all the time all the time and always
