so I started ballet when I was 10
dance basically saved me it's a very
constant thing in my life did not come
from a fortunate background single
parent you know we had bouts of
homelessness in our lives and ballet for
me made me feel like I could overcome
anything in my life I'm - yeah I'm a
professional ballerina an actress my
name is Kate flow and I like to
freestyle
I didn't really take any studio classes
or do any of the normal things for dance
I've made my own path and then 2 years
ago I made it happen and I moved to LA
from Missouri and then I got into a
motorcycle accident last year around
this time and I couldn't walk and I
almost had to give up my dance so
dancing since I've been through so much
with it it means more than anything and
I'm never giving up no matter if my legs
get cut off
well hello are you the dancer yeah my
name is Kate flow caifa - yeah you're
saying that right yeah yeah like what's
it to ya ha ha ha ha and you do probably
ballet yes I did
what did you do my street dance oh wow I
actually had a friend who taught me a
little bit of ballet oh I could do a
little bit look at you my first
impression was he seemed pretty cool I
was like okay brought in like a
motorcycle helmet he had his glasses on
I was like are you a dancer or like are
you a painter you a rapper I didn't know
you wanted like stretching warm-up yeah
dude do you I stretch pretty good boy
she was standing holding herself I could
tell this is what she does and she's
very passionate just by her standing
there who I already knew that we were
gonna make something beautiful maybe one
of us can be on the ground or one of us
can be hovering above the other person
especially
like let's say I would rather be up okay
let's say let's say a combination of
everything I'm coming somewhere I don't
know the person about to collaborate
with I don't even know what I'm about to
do so it's also anxiousness I was
feeling like what is going also
extremely shy I got really nervous in my
head I was like I hope I'm not awkward
so I'm usually really awkward so I was
like I hope this goes really well what
if I do a splitter so I got I was just
confused whenever I was doing my
freestyle what the queue was for this
where you can take D count or no I
usually don't okay Walden but you can
hear me times the basis goes yes let's
do it that way
probably my biggest kryptonite is just
staying on the count with the feeling of
the music that's very hard if it helps
all my big movements are starting well
time to meld trying to kinda Mel the
ballet with the street and there was a
couple positions where I was like oh we
can do this and then we'd like sit there
and be like wait we can't really I
wonder if I can just do the same either
I don't know what those are calling
belly what whenever you do that like a
2-page night hey are you gonna do it -
no I was saying I could do the street
version it's just like a process to
figure out what the best option is of
what we are both capable of and there's
so many options that that can be
overwhelming
but man we we fought through it and we
came together and came up with some
really cool concept
like wave around you morning yeah the
challenge is is that we made it really
challenging like I think they like we
both got excited about each other's
willingness to try new things that like
once we found like that open door we
both just like ran through it so like
you know there's like interesting lifts
and turns and tutting I don't like it's
really cool that like we were able to
take both of things that scared us and
put it together and I'm pretty happy
with what we've been able to create it
wasn't really easy but it almost felt
like it was meant to happen okay this is
already so cool Wow
I
man it was a beautiful process like to
go into unknown territory and just hit
it and get it done in a few hours
I love being challenged and this is like
one of the most challenging things I've
done in a while you speaks in the
language of like street dancer and in
this instance in speaking the language
of ballerina so how do we use our
different backgrounds to speak to each
other in a collaborative manner to meet
this like common ground which is cool I
think we found it
