that's what you're gonna ask her to um
that's a hard question well without
teachers what would the world be like
without teachers um chaos because I
won't learn anything the younger
generation wouldn't have anyone to look
up to to learn from walk around ignorant
I mean we could keep the teachers but
just no homework that'd be pretty cool
everybody like people like cuckoo a
little edgy thing I think is the
scariest thought that anyone could ever
have I think will be craziness just
because I feel like teachers are besides
our parents the first piece people we
meet who like shape who we become I
haven't always been like the best
student throughout my whole life I was
always in trouble I had suffered three
EPs and I realized like whoa whoa I need
to fix that
you know fourth grade was over I'm here
fifth grade we graduate sixth grade
Harrison's always how you doing and then
she's like oh yeah I heard these are
your grades what's going on in that
science class like she was like totally
just keeping up and I just felt like
whoa like something's different about
that gave me gave me the the time of day
mostly was very we it was very engaged
and stuff that I was doing even though I
was in detention I was still learning
and she she she's the one teacher who
really saw a lot in me to make me feel
like I wasn't I wasn't the kid that
other teachers were saying and there was
a point where I said okay I'm gonna fail
my French class because I haven't been
there so I haven't done any homework I'm
just gonna drop out before I fail and
then she specifically came to me and
said no I'm gonna work out a deal with
you so that if you stay you won't bail
we did didn't do good school she would
chew you out but she'll always give you
a chance to make it up
means she never puts you low standards
leave you there you know that's one
thing I like about teachers you know do
you know they won't leave you behind you
know and when I got when I got accepted
into colleges the first thing I thought
it's like I better go and I'm ready to
go and tell her I'm gonna be like guess
what I got into Penn State I got into a
UC I got into all these colleges
actually inspired me to pursue political
science she's basically the one that
taught me to just keep trying I can
accomplish more than I probably think
I'd yeah I really I felt it like she
didn't have to do that
but it made a difference you see I'm
getting emotional cuz like she's great
you know give me give me a minute
I wouldn't be here without her no and
I'd like to thank you so much for that
thanks miss Richter you know hope you
see this and I hope you know that you
mean a lot to me you know you're really
really important and yeah listen Mirabal
so mr. Elmore shoutout mister better go
miss Harris
her name was KC Crocker she just
exhibited like such a raw passion for
teaching made me want to teach you like
I want to do that for people like that's
that's a beautiful thing sorry
