I come on in and take a seat right here
for me
yeah perfect you can just look at me
okay okay
muffin scene three take one first just
tell me your name and how old are you my
name is Ben in I am 8 years old I'm Trey
and I'm 6 and 3/4 my name is Justin my
own and 5 years old today we want to ask
you about love love love ow
have you ever been in love before
no it's gross gross kissing is gross I
don't want to take the pain in their
mouth all right I don't like they kiss
have you ever been in love in a romantic
sense
here's my first kid I kept thinking
about it I was like uh-uh
and I say Yolo all right I said okay can
I have your number or email address but
she's not really in love with me so you
know how do you know if you're in love
or not loving someone is like a lot of
eye contact you get the chills or
something like I can feel my heart
pounding like a mom boop-boop-boop-boop
it it it it makes me room tell if you
like a pin low it's feel sort of like
don't almost like never be lonely oh wow
that's really good so Valentine's Day is
coming up right how do you think we
should show people that we love them I
might think about it real quick a lot of
people buy flowers and chocolate do you
think that's a good idea
mm-hmm
um yeah it's good but everyone else um
it would be better if you think of
something different and like original
you should actually say something that
you like about her I think when you're
in love with somebody then you should
share with heaven be kind you should
treat them like in a special way like if
my mom she wants to like read a book in
her bed then hit my dad he'll go to bed
but if my mom wants to life TV my dad
will watch TV you think that is that
love uh-huh how come it's like my dad
sort of appreciate yourself whenever my
mom wants the dildo when they dance
together at some places
my dad he's always the one like doing
all the work for her and he's like yeah
of course anything for you I think
little things show love a lot like you
don't have to have lots of money you can
just be who you are it's pretty simple
what do you think
true love is about you love is like a
mixture of friendship appreciation and
like happiness that's it huh
that was good mmm more loving the world
thank you so much for watching love
lesson we hope you enjoyed it please
subscribe to Tripoli project for more
films from good cause check out my other
films right here
happy Valentine's Day we'll see you next
