did you say that I sniff allowed no
we're like quirky unique fun and
communicative with a lot of love I'm
gonna play Africa by toto Oh God
I can't hear anything I'm tired of
listening to Africa by toto what the
very first time I saw AJ I thought he
was really nice
he looked friendly so that's why he we
went and just chatted
I didn't make the bed this morning huh
well I met her at an audition she
recognized me and she's like are you AJ
Rafael um I used to listen to you in
middle school she said I was really
hoping that she would like tweet about
me so I could find her sounds kind of
creepy I said that he was look he looked
very friendly and I don't actually I
don't think I said approachable but I
meant to say you look friendly and
approachable so that's why we ended up
chatting in the corner of that audition
at Disneyland yes what did you say well
I said I was really hoping that you
would tweet about me our first date was
when we went to see jo koy at the improv
show I was reading her lips she
literally said this our first date was
at a joke koi concert I think that's
when I first made it clear that like
let's make this a date I said jo koy
concert did you read that
yes I said he forgets a lot of his own
schedule like I try to plan things but
then we forget that he has like a shoot
or something like that so it kind of
just comes down to like him being a
little bit disorganized but that would
be just one thing that bugs me a little
bit sometimes I have to be like to clean
just like I like to throw my shoes at
the door or not make the bed she kind of
nags at me a little bit for that but
it's fine that's not even a big thing
really it doesn't really but okay the
other day bothered me did you say that I
sniff allowed no I said that you were a
bit disorganized yeah you know that I
know but I'm just so shocked because I
said one thing that bothers me is that
you don't
let me be disliked disorganized I would
just miss his presence I love when we're
just hanging out we don't even have to
be doing anything we could be working on
two separate things at the same time
we're just sitting at home watching TV a
lot of the little things in his little
little quirks and the little weird
things we do together a lot of like
small things like like we make up a lot
of songs like every day if she was gone
right now I would miss her voice a lot
because she already doesn't sing that
much when she should wait it was a
question if he went away forever or like
a week because I think I answered it as
if it was a whole week as if you left
for like a couple days a little thing
they did I said little things but also
in the context where I thought you were
dead
oh I didn't answer it like that I'm gone
a lot so like yeah you can handle a
couple days yeah that's why that's why
it was no big deal that sounds like I
mean I wouldn't miss his like lose like
being there
I think our biggest fight has been about
something in AJ's past that I have had
issues where I struggled to let go of it
was a big fight that happened a while
ago but still comes up here and there a
recent big one kind of stemmed from my
ex-girlfriend yeah I don't I don't know
how much detail to go into but it just
you know like the my past relationships
are just like a part of me growing to be
this man that I am for her now I think
it's hard to explain that perspective
sometimes like she cuts off her exes
completely and doesn't talk to them a
lot of people like hate the people that
they've been with and it's it's hard to
say that because I don't hate them I
just wish she understood how much I love
her and how much I see her as the main
person in my life you know and I think
she's seen a lot of that whoever was
like a main person in my life and she is
trying to fill their shoes but like
they're you know they're part of my past
and she's like she's my present in my
future I said our biggest fight has been
about a person in your past but I
thought I could read your lips he said
ex-girlfriend so yeah so there it is
there it is yeah I mean that's just the
way you are with everything though
you're not a person to cut people off
and you continue to like maintain your
relationships at the end of the day I
love you I'm sorry if it's a big thing I
don't know
I'm gonna cry well I I mean I just I
know I love you like I know it's not
like it's not something that I'm going
to just let define our relationship and
define why like we would end our
relationship because it's so like what
we have is way more than that and even
though we have like bumps in the road I
still love you and I'm always gonna love
you so yeah sorry I'm crying but you
know we struggle a lot we do but we work
on it and we get through every fight or
every struggle and I know we get
stronger from it and I think maybe you
don't hear enough for me but like I see
a future with us I know patience and
learning that we're very different in
the way we think obviously you can't
just have one way of thinking you have
to put yourself in the other person's
shoes balance I think the importance of
quality time not just with us but like
quality time with myself too and to be a
little more organized we're not always
gonna agree on things but knowing that
there's an end goal and that we're still
learning how to be adaptable to one
another yeah at the end of the day I
think we both see like a future with a
family and being married and all that
cool stuff that comes with being
together yeah
it feels like a relationship is kind of
like an adventure like I never really
know what the next step is where I've
always been the person to always want to
know what the next step is but with him
it's been different a lot of my friends
and people I haven't talked to in a long
time they see that I've like posted
about my girlfriend a lot and some
they're like oh I've never seen you post
this much about your girlfriend and
things like that I think people see like
how much love I have for her and I think
it's because she's made me want to like
be loud and proud about Who I am with
her and and who we are together I don't
know I love how it feels so natural with
you and I've never had a relationship
where it felt this natural before and it
happened when we didn't even expect it
even through all the ups and downs and
stuff we still you know we still love
each other through it you're worth every
single thing we go through
