both the same time yeah I'm not doing a
solo
all right look at you so the question is
what would the world look like without
black people whoa that's a hard question
well first of all I wouldn't be here I
mean we wouldn't have a president it
would look all white beat kind of bland
kind of don't walk music as you know it
would not exist I don't know what my
soul would be like without a friend
McKnight there would be no hip-hop oh
crap
God suck I would suck a lot cuz I love
you listen if people love black people
as much do they love black culture
everything we find everyone loves black
culture I love black culture but when it
comes to black people they're kind of
let me let me grab my kid let me touch
my personal child growing up there was a
white kid who told me that he didn't
want to pay me because my skin was dirty
and I came home and I tell my mom mom
wash my skin so I play with all the
other kids I can tell you how many times
I've been asked oh you know deliver this
will that's around that I'm a delivery
person I have you know the patient
transfer person I'm not a medical
student who's there to sort of care for
patients that we can only participate in
games the truth is is that me a black in
America is like walking through the
store and people have scared of you were
being stopped by law enforcement for no
real good reason when we have dreadlocks
or braids of a black guy has a hoodie on
they see Doug no matter what
so we have a 14 euros and
we've had to have some really difficult
conversations with him I think it was
the first time I got my driver's license
right you're taught your Bible since
your dad and tell you look if a police
officer stops you this is what you're
supposed to say don't reach into your
glove compartment to try to get your
license to your registration because you
know if I think you have a weapon you
get shot because at the end of the day I
really don't care I just want you to
come home I mean right I do work with a
lot of black young black man I mean he's
an these young men are beautiful in
every sense of the way I think when I
work with them you know it's emotional
because because the way that I
experienced them it's completely
different than the way that people
portray them as hard as it is to to have
conversations about racial tensions I
think that is needed do you feel like
you yes yeah definitely yeah it's it's
in me I know and as much as I want to
say the right answer and I know it's
wrong it's there we know when we have
you sort of snap judgments about people
and I have them too I can't really help
it you know I do my best to try and
recognize when that's happening and try
and fight it and try and talk about it I
think it can get better than this I
think we can do better not all cops are
bad not all black people are thugs get
to know somebody that doesn't look like
you you know worship next to somebody
who doesn't look like you share meal
with somebody who doesn't look like you
and come with no expectations then
you'll see
I thought it is
what would the world look black that's
the question that I own I really don't
know because I feel like for the word in
order for the world to function we need
all types of people not only just black
people just all types of people to come
together and make a difference
I'm a teacher and I tell my kids all the
time is we're just a unique beauty the
beauty that God created and we embrace
each other knowing that we're really all
brothers and sisters I mean this world
can be so a little different it really
could
