I've been going through this evidence
girl finding things just reminding me
that you
always close when I need
anytime you were there for me you never
left my side held me high when I'm full
I guess that love is unconditional this
is a terrible answer to the question we
should not use this in the video love is
patient love is kind it does not envy it
does not boast and I forget the rest of
the verse remember you're in love with
them and action
what is the rest of the Versa termina
pagans all of you what's been like
directing Keung as two different
characters he's a pain in the butt well
the script is not very enjoyable why am
i so cute we are doing a scene where the
future future the character's name is
mani the future mani meets the current
mani and tells him not to get married
I liked the title too many moments but
director director cut it out I think
anyone can relate to the story of mani I
certainly can relate to him on a
personal level where you know I felt a
lot of fear and a lot of worry about my
future about relationships about my
career and what I realize is that worry
and fear comes from this lack of
certainty about love you I'll just
crumble it I'll sing about crumpling it
up I think the story is really important
because it shows people a different side
to like true love
most of times you see in movies they
kind of cut after the beautiful wedding
and they ride off into the sunset but
this is a different take because the
groom actually has a chance to see into
his future get that glimpse and then the
side if that's the path he wants to take
I gotta find black socks this morning so
I found
it was pretty challenging I've never
done anything like this before and it
was fun you have to I think it forced me
to really get into the mindset of not
one but both characters the message is
positive and so I hope people take away
a positive feeling about love but I mean
love in itself isn't always great you
know there is hurt and there is pain um
I know for a fact that on my wedding day
there's going to be a lot of uncertainty
there's going to be a lot of doubts and
I think I would definitely need to have
a visit from my future self to remind me
that's what is to come it's going to be
hard but it's worth it I've been going
through this evidence of you girl
finding things just reminding me that
you
always close when I need someone badly
anyway
anytime you were there for me Oh
you never love my side
