take two come on Chris come on you can
do this he that good I'm sure they
benched him for a reason that Jamie who
is about who is a bar
good day tough not an actor and actually
well you're young you're gonna keep
going just want to make my Gaston you're
right you're right all right well let's
go get up man
okay whenever I do someone I need to
work out there I'm like I have no yeah
this is a different type of a parents
you know just like the cameras what is
it like meeting Jeremy Lin more nervous
no yeah you doesn't take anybody else oh
man let's do this
are we playing it yeah we're coming come
on now older brother right here giving
this brother a hard time being mean got
a nice life story you know we actually
nice person life story next person even
though this show he says that I am a
horrible human being really gotta act in
this one oh my god yo you share a meal
in alright you use your right hand
you drew like this we use it their left
hand so we're shooting the other pickup
shot right now and the really cool thing
is that a lot of these kids come from
very diverse backgrounds we have people
from inner-city Oakland people from LA
people from private schools in Palo Alto
so it's really awesome seeing everyone
come together and we're at an elementary
school right now that's about five
minutes away from journey's house and
this is where he comes to practice
during the summers so it brings an extra
sentimental value to the entire shoot so
we're pretty comfortable are you feeling
about the shoot so far good hot hot hot
but everybody's really cool so I'm good
Naomi's ock title into this pot okay
bend over as you're looking for Mike to
come in and then you look over and then
you smile tear so we do our fist pound
first yeah
gonna be like here
everyone crash behind it if you touch
the net with that jump you got it you
got it
nice things when you help other people a
lot of times they help you back just as
much if not more than you help them
that's what we want to convey it's a
wrap with Jeremy Lin for the last day
great to have him out here man yeah
great job today thanks for having me
shadows shots a little man right here
well I thank us all for your time and
your patience we know that it's never an
easy process that I'm screaming at you
I'm probably the wrong name all that
stuff but we promise I really hope that
at the end of the day but this is gonna
be a great video to have a great message
so thank you for being involved
moms and dads thank you for your
patience as well thanks for letting us
use your children we hope you guys had a
great time as well don't try me thank
you so much this is awesome you guys you
guys made it easy so thank you very much
appreciate everyone and everyone in last
pick on three ready 1 2 3 Blasi hi boys
