well hello there my name is Eddie from
the Jubilee project and I'm here to talk
to you about a very serious problem
called it games or inability to grow a
mustache syndrome
now unfortunately the boys of the
Jubilee project suffer from this
condition but we will no longer suffer
in silence that's why the doobly pods
are starting a new DGSE campaign called
the Movember teen scruff that's right
Movember Movember is a movement that
raises funds and awareness for men's
health issues like prostate and
testicular cancer by encouraging men
spend the entire month of November about
shaving so this month the boys nay the
men from digitally project will spend
the entire month of November without
shaving we look good doing it probably
not but we are committed to doing this
and we'd love for you to join us by
finding a sponsor for your own mustache
and collecting change throughout the
month
now we realize that for half of you out
there it's physiologically impossible
for you to grow a mustache but fear not
girls you can participate in this Drive
- all you have to do is wear a mustache
like this carry around the jar and click
money for a good cause
simple as that oh hey there ah cap it
all off at the end of the month we want
you to send us a photo of yourself with
your mustache and your change jar we're
looking forward to seeing your beautiful
sweet mustaches and from the Jubilee
project good luck and Godspeed
oh by encouraging men to spend the
entire month of November without shaving
so this month sorry there are people we
encounter who changed the trajectory of
our lives
Richard was one of them
