um three you look great a viral New York
Times article featured 36 questions that
could supposedly make any two people
fall in love we wanted to see what would
happen if we ask these questions to two
complete strangers on a blind date my
name is Michael Joe just turned 25 two
weeks ago pretty good I'm feeling that
kind of existential dread quarter life
crisis kind of ready for something new
something less brief
hello hi Michael such a dramatic
entrance my name is Andrew Morrison I
have my own film production company I
work with clients in the travel industry
thank you I just came from work this
isn't like your everyday where this is
pretty much like what I wear to work so
really good fit a good tailor thank you
thank you like I'm not as know I wish I
were let's pour this I don't think it's
ready but I'm thirsty a little cheers I
guess you don't do that with tea but
what do you do want to know that first
it's really random
i buy rocks know things like kitchens
like countertops or like every other
kind of like that yeah yeah take four
minutes and tell your partner your life
story in as much detail as possible
you know first no would you go put the
pressure on me I don't want to get to
know you okay grew up in Cerritos most
of my family lived in LA I worked in
fashion for a bit about four years and
it was on the manufacturing side I came
to really resent it really yeah because
every negative image about like the
fashion industry is pretty true you know
that's how I found myself buying rocks
I guess about you okay um I am from a
town called scandia in Minnesota I grew
up on a farm there I wanted to leave a
lot earlier I had been traveling the
world a lot with my father
I would say what really kind of marked
impacted my youth was I lost my aunt and
my father to cancer when I was kind of
ending high school and my grandmother
had a stroke all that kind of just made
me look at life really differently I
stopped looking at life as about just
saving up for retirement and 401ks and
Roth IRAs and structure and I was like
I'm gonna hustle the seeds of all that
were that I was an entrepreneur and an
artist if a crystal ball could tell you
the truth about yourself your life the
future or anything else what would you
want to know something I've been
thinking about a lot recently and
especially with that friendship pushing
is like what is the family that I'm
going to end up with thank not too long
ago my grandpa passed away mm-hmm
the one thing that I remember one of my
family members saying was he was really
lucky to have his entire family in the
area to be with him as he passed and
that just got me thinking who are the
family members that are going to be with
me at the end of my life were the
friends I consider my friends family as
well so what you said about your grandpa
I mean that's that's a hundred percent
true when my dad was sick my sisters and
I took care of him and you know that was
something that every day it was like it
was almost like a song he would sing he
was just so grateful that we were all
there and we were like well of course
once you've seen that once you've
experienced it and some to some degree
you realize how important that is
alternate sharing something you consider
a positive characteristic of your
partner share a total of five items oh
let's do it go first yeah I sense this
sort of compassion that you have really
seems like you care and that makes me
trust you even though I've just just met
you too I think I think you are brave
for making a lot of these choices you
have in your life to follow the career
paths that that you want you're making
these choices and you're following your
heart and it seems like you have the
willpower in the drive to 16/3 you look
great for I really just admire that you
are from this place you have that sort
of glow and positive energy that
represents Los Angeles in California
glower sweat and not many people relax
me but you're very relaxed
you have this groundedness to you that I
just desire but will never ever be so I
think that's such a gift I felt the same
way about you honestly like I'm not just
like turning it around like when you
first walked out I was like this guy
seems so chill I'm gonna have to ensure
that all of my walk-ins are that long oh
I find you extremely warm which i think
is not common especially now hearing
your story you definitely seem extremely
driven hmm and I think that's awesome
you don't just think of vehicles you're
like okay I'm gonna start a business so
I'm gonna do it and you started a
production company and kind of to tie in
with the first point that I made you
seem very familiar mmm
I find it fairly easy to open up to you
mm-hmm
you're very open mmm which is which is
great yeah
I'm not gonna lie coming into this I was
pretty nervous you have I'm glad you're
here that's really cool the final task
is without speaking stare into each
other's eyes for four minutes for four
minutes so let's do it okay
Michael is a very grounded empathetic
and compassionate person he's a total
feeler looking at him I would have said
he's fucking cool and dressed well I
want to get to know him so much more
he's for sure kind of different from a
lot of the people I've met here in LA
maybe I've grown accustomed to the
community here and that's just kind of
what I expect everyone to be like he was
just very different which I really liked
yeah I really want it so my god
I can feel the jet lag no oh no for like
a brief minute like everything got
really blurry except for your face this
is like I was just looking at a monocle
for now thank you for your being here
and I'm glad you did this this inspired
me to just have more meaningful
discussions with people that I meet
anywhere it was nice to kind of just
open up to
someone knew nothing about I would I I
would definitely be interested in a
second date with Michael I think he's
gonna do great things in life yeah for
sure whether it's as friends
I explore something further now this is
actually kind of an amazing experience
to be flying in and meeting you right
away really like kind of welcome welcome
hi I'm Dan hi I'm Taylor and thank you
so much for watching this episode of tea
for two we hope you enjoyed it let us
know what you think in the comments and
also click below for the link to
possibly be in our next episode thank
you so much
