so we're gonna break this out into three
different parts so the first part first
right now but since it's gonna go
backwards this is actually gonna come at
the end of the story right so
essentially it's a story of innocence
from the ends so rather than going to
walking someone get a walk through it
okay so yeah we're about to start our
innocence starring and Megan Lee
directed by Dave I just saw this video
the joint support very important issue
this video is it's a little different
when you used to make a loop but we hope
it serve as a sort of a powerful video
to get the message across
I think he wants to give it's gonna be a
difficult year because that's like the
ultimate stretch oh sorry no what we do
normally you know we're pretty sappy you
thinking
where we're going beyond our comfort
zone right now so there's a few when I'm
here I'm sure the shoulders it'll just
have to made one thing is then I was
gonna do one throw with that hair I
think what's happening is is your action
is kind of becoming one like fluid
motion but we won't actually want a
reaction so what I guess what I'm saying
is like looks like you want to move okay
so what will happen here is Daniel Tripp
will come into the shot as you behind
them all the way when you get here I'm
gonna move up here so then I'll cue his
mom come on up here again when we're
done as he's hitting you come back down
her face turns her eyes will still be
opened but then she'll shut them feels
like you could be a little simply fight
a little bit more yeah so it's more the
message it's more yeah like I know that
is right this part yeah and then I see
facts here right all right
right then you're still looking down but
you're still kind of get a peek of your
face as you look up as you like look at
yourself for the first time and then
that's when your that's how to get it to
you to come down here hold it here and
then after its fallen you look back down
and we slip down then Xavier can turn
back around so you don't see the me
Rosie watch him come in here and then
this we could try it I'm just sure that
it will work but bullet right okay yeah
we need to rehearse it does if it works
for you never seen anyone cry like that
that's the only one tell you guys
does it
you
