fess up hey I'm David Choi I'm dan from
after-school special hi I'm Arden Cho
hello my name is Ryan Higa hi this is
Jenny Sonya wedge a sleeve but
wongfuproductions rashly yeah there's
another person a well me about just
names Wes he's right here yeah Joseph
Vincent is talks like that no one's in
Dow art okay do I sound crisp crisp is a
cookie oh man
only one thing I could change about the
world one thing about the world
well obviously world peace no really
world peace yet we all get along I know
it sounds so cheesy but I wish everybody
would love and genuinely want to help at
least one person today that happening is
well and I think there would be a big
difference I want to see people would be
happy I want people to enjoy life more
Asians in entertainment in sports I
would make it easier for aspiring
musicians to make a living off of doing
music I would want to encourage one
people to not be afraid to do art any
kind of art because I feel like that's
very very underappreciated I'm adopted
and so I think that the adoption world
adoption is a big issue with me just
because it hits home and something that
I feel personally my godfather
a while back from London lung cancer so
that's definitely something about
research on lung cancer we're partnered
up with an organization called one day's
wages founded by Eugene show in Seattle
they are all about fighting extreme
global poverty I would definitely put a
stop to human trafficking I think it
sounds it's just disgusting but how much
of it happens and we don't even know
about it there's a lot of hate there's a
lot of sadness if I had like had the
power and then it was zapped dun-colored
I live no no prejudice no racial this
gold golden rule time just she's given
her a Jana tree if people weren't able
to I guess sit down I don't know if
realistic or not but just sit down and
be able to talk and be able to
communicate with one another be able to
understand one another I feel like a lot
of things could be a lot more positive
within the world if I had one more day
to live I freeze time and go to all
these different places I haven't been
and meet all the people out there just
because I feel like every time I travel
to a new city or a new country I meet
these people with amazing stories and
amazing lives that I never imagined if I
had one more day to live what would I do
I would take out the biggest loan I can
and do as many things as possible and
eat all the food that will kill you I
would eat something really spicy I'll
get into a plane get all the food
probably want to go to space real quick
come back down
skydiving shark diving I mean I would be
really risky with my life because I only
had one day it's bad when Dana lives all
my friends and all my loved ones we'd
all go did you answer free because
that's what I do what is it
and it's such a fun loving environment I
would take all the kids off the streets
in the third-world countries take me to
Disneyland I think I actually would feed
them what's that huh what the coin thing
corn dogs and all I needs is some
friends and I we'd throw this big show
at Disneyland or like we get to sing all
the songs that we want and there'd be
fireworks honestly try to make the best
YouTube video I guess I would write a
song I guess about the world I would
spend it with people that I love I would
definitely try this experience as much
and give out as much love as possible
yeah I would give my parents
before we run why hate when we can love
this we try promise so the reason why we
made this video is because we want to
address all the problems that exists in
our society who believe that it's up to
all of us to take action and be the
change that we want to see in a world so
let's all join together and live our
lives to the fullest each and every day
remember doing good is contagious JP
love
