lock eyes from across the bed Rendon
either just like a doctor said what
fatherly supplies matheno hands like I
didn't know where was the Radian my
attending says we're ready to go keep
that right ankle to steady the flow wipe
the arm with a sterile swab preventing
infection like it's my job to the horse
to find a proper place I'm a pro no need
for your halter rape look up cuz I
thought that vessel traits to see the
look of terror on my patients face a
knife in my not a big deal just play it
cool a bitch used to do it back in
middle school and know what don't have a
problem with incontinence I should have
this in my head those are my attendant
will never respect me just tell them
that I did the whole procedure correctly
I promise that I'm good there's no need
to fuss now all go out and change
sitting with a patient for an interview
got everything I need here said we're
through walking to the hall ready two
percent smiling as I nailed that
informed consent my 10 days outside no
time to rest doesn't know he's a bad
dude damn and press looking for my notes
wanna check to see you got that full
past medical history but to bring math
honor to that Hippocratic oath really
didn't ask men women are both and I'm
pissed my pants
old sanitizer on myself gonna go ask
that patient for a little help need to
know your sexual preferences you don't
know the deal what these alcohol does
but I'm gonna go grab a new pair of
scrubs they make it so hard here to wash
your hands gonna go change them bedpans
last week I was with a girl talking like
the most interesting man in the world no
place like Chili's for the perfect date
then my pager goes off you're already
late making turkey with my aunt for the
holiday bash how much salt do I use
honey just a dashing by the way can you
take a look at this rash yes and my man
on the subways joking on a street for
malpractice suit and this and suddenly I
can't remember what a flavonoid is a
champagne and okay guys can we be
professional here five days right
Bracey team don't know what to prescribe
all these games will take to me no one
knows I have two o'clock eyes from
across the bed maiden either just like a
doctor said what artery supplies Athena
hand and didn't know what was the Radian
my attending says we're ready to go keep
that right angle to steady the flow wipe
the arm with a sterile swab from now do
a more shock look hey this is Eric from
the Jubilee project just wanted to give
a quick shot my ridiculously talented
classmates who helped me put this video
together the Jubilee project made this
video to help raise awareness and money
for prostate cancer one of the most
common cancers affecting men so for
every view this video gets at least a
penny will be donated to prostate cancer
care so we'd love for you to help us
share this video Jim you
