hey guys this is Eric from the doobly
project we wanted to give you an update
about our college tour it's been awesome
and inspiring meeting many of you guys
so far and this weekend we're excited to
announce that we'll be in Los Angeles
premiering our film for its first time
on the big screen this film is called
dear Daniel and it features a
coming-of-age story about the college
student who's trying to pursue his
dreams we made this film because we
thought that it would be a story and
many of us to relate to here's a sneak
preview that's me
John Lee yep of the thousands of names
that my parents could have given me
they chose John Lee according to a 2010
census five percent of the u.s.
population is Asian American that's 15
million people also let's assume a 50/50
gender split and they say that Lee is
the most common Asian name at 30% it
feels like one out of every 10 Asian
guys I meet is also a child so according
to my calculations there are another two
hundred twenty four thousand nine
hundred ninety nine other John Lee's
roaming this earth I guess you can say
that from birth I was destined to live a
pretty typically Asian life we'd love to
see you at the premiere this Saturday
October 29 at cgb cinemas the event
starts at 8:00 p.m. and afterwards we'll
be having a reception at a nearby
restaurant called Maitreya check out
below for more details and please bring
your friends and help us get the word
out and there's one more thing
we'll also be showing a new short film
called back to innocence it's about sex
trafficking and it features our good
friend and talented senior songwriter
Megan Lee we hope to see many of you in
Los Angeles on Saturday we know that
it's Halloween weekend so feel free to
dress up and we might even have a
costume contest
JP love
you
