and the doobly project we often talk
about taking action and making a
difference but we wanted to take action
ourselves this is our video series about
our days in Africa one in five they said
that 15 people here where i live in
africa so from hiv/aids now I had heard
figures like this before and to be
honest I never quite bothered me but now
that I live here I've got to make
several friends here we got them realize
what a terrible figure this actually is
but I've come to realize during my time
in the hospitals and the medical clinics
here is that this is not a disease and
only targets drug dealers and sex
workers but it affects normal people
like you and me I've met businessmen
farmers students even neighbors and
friends with hiv/aids which makes the
situation all the more real
I'd like to introduce you to some of my
friends neighbors this is my friend
Moses he's also 23 and he's an
incredibly nice guy who loves hip-hop
music and sports this is great I say
about once a week where she owns a store
on the corner of my street selling water
she's an incredibly kind person this is
Martha she's a mother of two and she
works as a secretary in one of the
office building for your life she never
fails the green mage mom this is my men
for Reese he works as a gardener in the
neighborhood and is one of the most
hard-working people I've ever met once I
got to know him I realized he's much
nicer than he looks and finally this is
little George when he's not up to this
ship he's an incredibly sweet kid and
has always got a smile on his face
likely one of these five people simply
from hiv/aids
the good news is that now with the
development antiretroviral drugs people
can live long and healthy lives even
with HIV and AIDS the bad news is that
funding for it has decreased global how
can you help you can learn more about
the issue you can take preventive
measures in your personal life and if
you feel compelled and donate I hope and
believe that together we can put it into
this terrible disease
you
