I
hi everyone chasing here from the true
bleep project we're so excited because
we're collaborating with give ology for
an amazing event called make your mark
we're here in Union Square in New York
City and we're going to map behind us
and for every person who makes our mark
on this map we will be donating money
for a particular clause where they've
made their mark so if they put their
mark in Africa we're raising money and
awareness for a group in Africa or Asia
or South America etc we're so excited we
think it could be a wonderful day here
and thank you all for your love and your
support guys take your love
if I could leave my mark on the world I
would try to work towards like global
sustainability in all places so that way
individual communities could be
supporting themselves on like kind of at
a local level so I would actually want
to change the world environmentally me I
would like to live in Dharamsala India
because it's a bettin refuges there and
I actually went there and I tried to
help out as much as possible i like to
go back there again help help the kids
basically because that's what the future
generation they're going to be in
control of the world so definitely if
you raise kids in the positive manner
and you teach him right from wrong they
will grow up and I believe that they
will do the right thing ideally my dream
would really be to travel to orphanages
around the world and help
underprivileged kids can one person make
a difference i think if one person tries
to change him or herself I think that
can make a difference inside you've got
enough work to do be a big or little and
by focusing on that rather than focusing
on other people judging other things
criticize another thing
being the change that you want to see
you create positive ripples even if it
is one parcel eats it let it spread one
by one around the world all you have to
do is give somebody like a minute of
your day or time like anybody if you see
somebody on the street you just like go
say hi to that it just really could
change the other day and it's just as
amazing it's really cool I think it's
simple just if sometimes it just takes
maybe 20 minutes of your life to just do
something sit with a kid read a book
anything like that simple it's all of
our jobs to make a difference and I try
to do that every day and if you start
small you never know everybody has our
own talents and I think that if we work
together we can definitely make a
difference one person on their own
that's always trouble but if yeah
everybody together get people working
for an important cause that's how it's
going to get done hey guys it's midday
here at make your mark and actually just
started ringing really badly here in New
York City but as you can tell we're
still out here rain or shine we can
still make a difference and these
amazing people believer now we've
actually had over a hundred fingerprints
and mark speight on the map so we're
really excited about the effect so far
and we're excited for the rest of the
day
you
