picture this picture world of love hope
and opportunity where every child is
given a quality education a chance to
dream
where every family has a meal on the
table in a warm place to sleep at night
where every country ensures basic civil
liberties and human rights
unfortunately this isn't the picture of
the world and we live in today
see we live in a world of brokenness
world for violence apathy discrimination
poverty and homelessness world where
some people live as Columbus Walters are
suffering at night hunger we live in a
world of superficiality world of me mine
and I a world where some people need
zone every new gadget while others a
pure joints may as simple as a soccer
ball
we live in a world of inequality world
where the rich get richer and poor just
get porn or where some people can't be
bothered to attend class while all this
English they had basic school supplies
but there is hope after all we're not so
different we all laugh cry love pike
their hopes and dreams successes
disappointments we're brothers sisters
mother's father's
see the truth is we're blessed be a
lesson we have an opportunity an
obligation to right the wrongs as well
we can be the supply of love
once in education we have a chance to
draw a picture of the world we want to
see love
after
you
