boo boo boo boo boo boo button due to
everyone's everyone's the Jubilee
project here everyone's the mizzou
everyone the truth
hey everyone its Jubilee project here
first off we want to give a huge thing
send a shout out to all of our
supporters in true believers out there
we had amazing spring concert tour in DC
New York awesome Philadelphia's and we
had great time meeting all of you and
had some outstanding performances so
make sure you look out for some future
doobly project concerts and we're so
excited to announce here that will be
launching a college tour this fall from
September to December to premiere a new
mini feature film that we're working on
this summer it's a coming-of-age story
about a college student who's chasing
his dreams that's right so if you're
interested in hosting and organizing an
event for us on your campus please email
us at project jublia gmail com in
addition to premiering this new video
will also be showing some of our new
upcoming videos I'll share a little bit
about our own college story and also
have a workshop about some of the
important issues affecting all of us
today and how you can become an
effective advocate for them before we
close we want to say a very very special
thank you thank you thank you so much to
all of our do believers out there who
have made this journey possible who
support us along the way and who have
helped us to be where we are today and a
quick shout out to verizon a palms
channel APA ddr2 faith as well as cavada
clothing for all of your love and
support and don't forget to follow like
and subscribe to us JP low
