this is an open letter to all beliefs as
a child I would arrive at school each
morning with a pit in my stomach fearful
of the day that lay ahead to me the
school hallways never represented a
place of learning and opportunity rather
it was a land mine of fear and
humiliation you may not call yourself a
bully but you know who you are you are
the cyber bully who posts hateful
comments about others online you are the
high school gang who prey upon
minorities because of their ethnic
background you are the biggest who
commit hate crimes against those with a
different sexual orientation you were
the teacher that looked away and pretend
that nothing happened you are a bully
you try to mask your insecurities with
your aggression you master fear by
instilling fear and others but the truth
is you are weak and I am strong my
strength comes from the sacrifices of
generations that came before me my
strength comes from the community that
stands behind me and the peers that
surround me my strength comes from the
fundamental belief that we are all equal
and deserve to be treated with decency
and respect and is with that same
decency and respect that I ask you I
urge you please stop the blue
you
