wait wait wait stop you're going to
answer one question for me the question
is the world look like without moms okay
ah Oh God it's an emotional question
what would the world look like without
mom a disaster thread would show up at
school with crusts still on it and no
one would a clean underwear hit me
complete chaos does he a lot of babies
gone wild and aching for a bedtime story
lots of beers in high fiving ha ha ha
not enough house there wouldn't be any
week yeah that would be like feel like
mothers are the ones who kind of develop
a little nourish and develop the child
yes the dads would have to be moms and
we'd have having many wonderful people
my mom is my best friend and my role
model and she's just inspired me to be a
strong woman they've instilled in me the
G importance of education and wanted my
future to be in her mind better than
hers and I think that that's actually
send the source a lot of my like feeling
of like empowerment to be able to do
anything watch my mom work your butt off
every day and come home and still manage
to find
smile Edison so she was really sick for
maybe a year and I don't think she ever
complained or there's never been a time
in my life where I haven't felt
supported by her I just learned so much
from her I just value her and appreciate
and look up to her so it's just for an
eye
I couldn't imagine life without her my
mom died few like a week after I was
born
you know I'm not exactly sure who she is
or how she is but I imagine that she was
a very very good person
so like every most of everything I do I
try to you know live up to you
then I guess the other name try to do
good I think that the stars would have
waited
for us hanging onto the night watching
down below I love my mom I don't know
where I would be without my I love you
mom because I wouldn't be here with that
with you I love you long because you
have pushed me hard enough to reach my
goals I love your mom for reasons
TNT see too numerous to count I love you
home because I can call you five times a
day and you're always happy to talk to
me I love you mom because you've shown
me what unconditional love is because
you're the most beautiful woman I know
you have to say why you love me is
because you've been there for my entire
life every day every step of the way I
love you I think the most pure form of
love is the love between a mother and
her child and I think it's unconditional
and it's honest and it's real and it's
generous and it gives you power to keep
going with these don't look promising
I cover the streets like a dream
right a plastic card see-through stars
bomb down
