the latest is that a tsunami alert is
also being issued a pit bull pen by a
lyrical a print a considerable casualty
numbers been reported and widespread
damage in the country's northeast hey
guys this is eric from the jubilee
project we weren't planning on releasing
a video but as you know a massive
earthquake of magnitude 8.9 hit japan on
friday as of now at least 10,000 people
have been killed and millions more have
been displaced without the clean waters
where electricity many of you expressed
concerns about this tragedy to us i
myself have close relatives and friends
in Japan so the Jubilee project felt
compelled to respond and we were hoping
that you can join us first please help
us keep Japan in your thoughts and your
prayers second we are releasing a video
in the next day called Top Chef for
every view that this video gets on our
channel the Jubilee project will be
donating a penny to world vision for
providing things like life-saving food
and water for Japan you are more than
welcome to join us to become a sponsor
and donate a penny per view by emailing
us at project Jubilee at gmail com third
we've had a lot of fun at our concerts
of DC and New York and one pump to meet
many of you you can also join us at our
concerts in philly on march 19th and in
Boston our March 26 part of the proceeds
from this concerts will also go to
relief efforts in Japan they also have
some exciting news we raised three
hundred ninety dollars dewar 50 people
in one question video for services from
the underserved an organization
dedicated to helping those with mental
disabilities we also raise two thousand
six hundred forty eight dollars for
becky's funk through our video called
beautiful to help tackle domestic and
dating violence this video was also
recently nominated as one of 16
finalists for YouTube's do-gooder
nonprofit video awards winners will get
twenty five hundred dollars and I will
get their videos features on youtubes
homepage and winners walls will be
determined by your vote so please help
us in that area we feel tremendously
honored and privileged to be a part of
thank you for watching and for all of
your support our goal is to put out a
video week so check back in our channel
often and you can subscribe up here
remember doing good is contagious spread
the love
you
