snow is falling
the lights are shining bright
it's easy to think that she
but nothing's ever feeling
happy thanksgiving the seti from UW
projects this is our favorite time of
year because we could eat so much food
but the reality is there's a lot of
people out there that don't have this
privilege and so we are going to go door
to door giving out food to people that
need it you have 16 lunches here and
we'll be bringing to senior citizens
people that don't have access to food
people that cannot enjoy the privileges
that we do and so it's just the time for
us to get back to those needs so join us
for this ride we are burlington coat
factory up by friday morning we're here
for the warm clothes and warm hearts
drive for this domain are
ready
we're home
on the website and we realize that mo
need to be warm so we just collected a
few from home and you're fairly right
now yeah
hopefully but no really have a few posts
that are small effort can be the
difference the reason we're doing this
is because we feel so tremendously
blessed in our lives and we were so
thankful for everything that we have but
also because we really believe that
goodness is contagious and we're so
excited to join people all across this
nation and the world ought to give back
there should be a duty of of us as a
whole you know to help out those who do
not have food those who do not eat those
who do not have a home those who do not
have what something to drink and it are
I feel like it's my duty as you know as
a citizen as a Christian person who
serves God to to help these people up
well thank you guys so much for joining
us for the doobly project things giving
me a lot of fun that's right so as you
know a jubilee project we make videos
for a good cause but we're so excited to
get other people involved to really
empower table and inspire others as well
we want to give a special shout-out to
everyone who joined us today for this
stupid project thanksgiving and
submitted their videos of themselves
right thank you so much to Papalii who's
Manning the camera and drove us around
Kansas City to help us add to give back
but I thank you very much and
Thanksgiving everyone everything's doing
a big spread
you
