hi my name is Brian Kirwan and spread
out Jason Lane I'm running an integrally
fronting look out and see do you see me
cuz I we're running from red steamer
running for the AA brief on dogs are
both great programs and projects Brett's
team is Sloan Kettering runners wings so
basically
sign up to run a certain distance or a
certain costs and all the money goes
towards their cancer research all the
fun is the second part of that I wanted
to help people didn't get over cancer so
that they
had the chance to
to accomplish all the needs that they
might have dreamed of when they were
little really glad that we're running
for them they do some great work and
they've been involved in raising pretty
substantial funds for the cause of
cancer over a long period of time
unfortunately we've had a lot of cancer
in my family a lot of folks that passed
away so I think in this would be a great
way to support that about hopefully
solve your cancer okay I've got more
money to do that when
I'm preparing for the marathon first by
running a half-marathon high-tech
they've just completed but then
following up a rigid schedule which I'm
sure I will break but a rigid schedule
of about three to four times of running
a week for the next about what is it 16
18 weeks up into the marathon and
hopefully it'll be enough how am I
preparing I think it's mostly mentally
right so I'm actually getting myself
ready to run I haven't started yet I'll
begin thinking about
again I'm very very anxious the most
time ever one is like three miles so I
think I'm definitely a long way to go
before I'm ready for the marathon in
october in October but up very very
excited rayners but I'm very happy to be
doing with a lot of with a lot of
friends we hope to get your support for
this project for the Jubilee project
because 00 forests are really excited to
ride word why are Hardy the training for
this totally we can do it all for a good
cause we'll have X a lot of involved
people should support jiggly Brock
people running and people just poured
the aubrey foundation and they'll be
 important sloan-kettering I
think that in this event what we're
doing is really something for everyone
so fine with that is
got it here so we're really excited
we're gonna be making a ton of their
videos along the way including this one
and some training videos and only a
video of the actual race thanks so much
for watching this video and thanks for
your time and support please feel free
to passage like anybody else you two
might be interested you can donate by
clicking i wanna sale never do it again
but I can
