my favorite teacher is actually my band
teacher from sixth grade his name is mr.
Rotman he's always like in German it
means redness he would take me in if I
had a bad day because I see it picked on
when I was younger I wasn't the cool
kids and he take me and give me coffee
jelly bellys it was more than just a
minute future he's kind of a life coach
as well I would definitely say teachers
with her teachers of my heroes and I
want to be a hero as a teacher I still
remember teaching my younger sister he's
five years younger than me I would sit
her down and then sit like five stuffed
animals and then have a chalkboard and I
feel like look too close very close and
she'd be bored out of her mind but I was
out at the time I like fire to be a
teacher I think I'd be fun honestly
because I think learning should never be
boring and if you're passionate about a
subject there's no doubt that the kids
will follow so glad there's something
there in that teacher what is it and
then they'll seek after - you can want
to be teachers I would tell them don't
be scared of it - low salary or whatever
having to deal with parents if you love
it you got to do it and there's you know
you can ask for it it's good to do what
you love
