sure a struggle that you've experienced
in life that involves your body does
every day count
my name is April Mitchell all right take
off your robe and look at your body in
the mirror describe the feelings and
thoughts that you have well I see a body
that I've lived in for a whole 27 years
sometimes I've hated it but I've grown
to be pretty okay with it now
my name is hua Leyla I'm 24 years old I
waver between loving my body and being
extremely ashamed of it so often times
when I look in the mirror I don't know
how I'm gonna feel after or how my day
is gonna go so it feels like a Russian
Roulette and sometimes it's scary I
guess sometimes I am afraid of my body
my name is ji-yong Park I'm 25 years old
it's just a lot of gross Ness I see
these tan lines I can fix but like
this stuff I can't my name is Chris I'm
in my eyes I guess it's not whatever I
want it to be so it's a work in progress
my name is Paige I am 24 years old
I feel bold I feel strong I feel proud
to be blessed with such a beautiful body
the beautiful skin and so much so much
light all right so what makes your skin
unique I guess I like that I can tan
easily so my skin I have something
called vitiligo so it's a condition
where you lose patches of the pigment of
your skin my skin is unique because I'm
the only one that has these exact colors
and these exact places with these exact
pictures like I can find little hearts
and little things within my slice yeah I
used to have one of my finger and then
it kind of shifted I had a snowman on my
back and my mom like painted a little
top hat like a little carrot nose I
think I'm pretty happy in my skin I've
grown to love the little things that
make me me and make me different doesn't
look like you know every supermodel in
every magazine or every actors on TV
it's a little more artistic then then
some with the different coloring but
yeah I think that my body is beautiful
sure a struggle that you've experienced
in life that involves your body who does
every day count um I would say I
struggled a lot dealing with my skin
color because it was really hard for me
to fit in like I was I would I'm
considered dark but I'm not African so
all the Africans look at me like oh
you're not African I'm like no then all
the black people look at me like oh you
have to be African I'm like no
it's kind of hard dealing with people's
perception of me prior to meeting me or
the assumptions they make about me and
I've had to experience that
educationally professionally everywhere
I go so now it's kind of like a badge of
honor kind of bashing stereotypes
everywhere I go what about yourself what
a lot of stuff like going up late
health-wise I like puberty and stuff or
like I had like pretty bad acne from
like middle school until like like
middle of college and then I got some
medicine for it and it cleared up really
quickly the insecurity was always there
still it doesn't go away very quickly so
I think I carried myself kind of the
same but like it wasn't until like a
little bit later when like I gained more
confidence in myself after the fact you
know I try to like get the ideal body
that's like by the media standards of it
so that's it's just not where I want it
to be when you bombard it by like so
many like different like pictures of me
you know nice bodies and stuff that's
like kind of like what you strive
towards you got to put the work in but
you know that's how I make us idealize
it okay do you struggle with any aspects
of your skin so I grew up with really
like bumpy skin and I don't really know
what it is but um as a child I've been
caught like chicken skin and all that
because people will go like what's that
on your arm like your legs and I'm like
no I was just born with it you know okay
kind of bugs me a little bit but not so
much anymore I kind of have like a
little bit of bumps on my skin too just
like on my forearms and then I struggle
really hard with um I take chemo every
day and like that causes a rash and so
struggling with having to take something
because I need to live and then on top
of it it causes me to look very diff
and half people make fun of me because
they don't know like what I'm battling
against and then also just like it
affects how like we perceive ourselves
too you know like when it look when you
feel like you look different than what's
considered normal or the standard a lot
of people when they first look at me
they would never assume that right now
I'm battling cancer and and not just
like any type it's just like a really
advanced stage learning to like love my
body through living with something that
wants to kill me inside of it is a is a
huge dichotomy how can I love me and
love my body when I'm housing something
that is so hell-bent on killing me so
hard it's hard what is your favorite
activity to do that involves your body I
like to get tattoos on my body I think
it's a way to express myself
artistically and is there permanently so
I just feel like it's another way to
celebrate my body my art my creativity
through tattoos so I love that process I
get to go through that pain the joy the
whole process I love that I feel that I
started getting tatted as a way after I
was dealing with self-injury for a while
I have a lot of scarification so I kind
of got it as a way to cover it up but
now it's just become kind of a means of
me um to really express myself kind of
like what you were saying like you can
kind of completely get to know me just
based off of looking at my tats and
asking me questions and so I got my
chest tattoo after I got diagnosed with
cancer and I kind of went against my
doctor's orders and got it anyways
because I have blood cancer so that's
really you should not be doing that but
it pretty much is representative of
things that have been important in my
tribe and so I have a snake an arrowhead
and it's in the shape of a Bakongo Cosma
gram which is african cosmology that's
beautiful one of my favorite tattoos is
for my grandmother it's a clock and it
has orchids with her initials and it has
one of my favorite quotes
in the end everything will be okay if
it's not okay it's not the end and it's
kind of like a reminder to me like
everything might seem like it's
crumbling around me but I know at the
end of the day I will be settled I will
be okay as long as I understand it's not
the end like my storm is not the end of
what I'm going through now my skin has
taught me so much about myself and so
much about what I could handle it's
taught me how to be confident and how to
walk into a room and command attention
I'm realizing and I'm learning everyday
that self-love is the best love so I'm
learning to accept me for what I have
when I wake up in the morning I always
tell myself you're beautiful you're kind
you're all these things so there's
absolutely nothing I would change about
my body because I know that I was made
perfectly imperfect
are you afraid of aging why not really I
try to be present and conscious and stay
here yeah so why waste energy anyway
yeah why waste energy it's gonna happen
to everybody I mean whatever happens
when you get older happens I have a
similar mindset where it's like yeah
it's just things will just happen
everyone has their own like timeline do
you want to get like really old what
we're like do I want to get really old I
feel like I don't know with our
technology now you know anything can
happen I think people are like thinking
about living forever right
there's been a lot of like you know like
love your body campaigns and stuff like
that which kind of helps a little bit I
try to love my body I know that it's the
only one I have
so I look at myself and I just I just
kind of look at myself and I go like
this is it you know I think the only
thing I like about my body is these
little happy trail right here I don't
know why I think it's cute describe a
physical trait of the person across from
you that you admire I think just your
smile if that counts you seem so
confident and you're happy and you just
exude that confidence which is yes thank
you a physical trait I would say that
you have that I admire one at all you're
gorgeous look at that out the way but I
would say the grace you have and I'm
only catching a glimpse of you but I I
would say the grace you have in the
confidence you have in expressing your
vitiligo and sharing this information I
think that's beautiful
so I would probably say your grace
you're very you're very regal and
elegant I think it's only natural as
human beings to want to change things
about ourselves I think that when I was
younger there were definitely things
that I would much rather change about
myself than there are now I think my
body reflects me in the sense that it
has a will to live its resilient just
like my spirit
