we're like Pichu before in our
relationships and and our Pikachu Wow
like no I love and Raichu not there yet
no thank you
did you bring multiple resumes I have
like two or three extremely
unprofessional oops
you got the job I can't hear you yeah
that's like one hair that was like one
hair that's like sticking up hair
sticking up she can hear me we were
dressed up in costumes okay I was
starfox she was Miss Marvel nyan cat
mashup cosplay and we were at a
convention so there's like thousands of
people around us and like you could see
her in like there's like a needle in the
haystack
I could not take my eyes off for the
first time I saw her D headphone yeah
so we met on Halloween and I was deep in
my phone planning all the parties we had
like three different parties were going
to and I was with a huge group of people
and John wasn't even a part of our group
he just randomly stumbled up it was like
who goes and I look up and it was like
God shined a light I'm getting flustered
just talking about this he had his
sleeves rolled up and his arms he was
I'm saying this Becky
his arms looked so good I was like who
is this man I said that very attractive
you're very attractive we went to a bar
Kade and we wasn't played her favorite
pain ball machine I'm from the East
Coast and there was like nothing like
that over there it was like the coolest
date I've ever been on in my life I'm
not gonna lie I was really really
nervous to go on this date with him
because
oh I felt like I was starting to like
him and I didn't want him to know I also
wanted to feel still like I was in
control of this situation just in case
he was a jerk or too good to be true but
we ended up having like a really good
time we just like talked for like hours
just about all of our favorite things
and kind of got into a little bit more
like serious talk about like our past
relationships and what we expect and it
was just nice he was so easy to talk to
and I hated it because I starting to
really like him I came out here and I
just wanted to like work we were gonna
be good friends and we're gonna help
each other I'm gonna do stuff like that
and I tried to do that with you because
we had been kind of like dating for so
long and you like never tried to kiss me
I don't know I didn't want to like mess
things up it's not that I didn't want it
to happen I think I was just scared of
it happening no I've been in other like
long-term relationships in the past and
I feel like I just put up with the
person and just found reasons that like
things that we had in common but never
really felt like I connected with them
and with John it felt so instant and
scary and right away and kind of like
what they talk about in the movies yeah
I like makes you nervous right yeah our
biggest fight so far we're planning on
moving she really wants to move inward
towards Los Angeles and I want to move
like out I want to move like have like
trees and like grass and stuff like that
because that's like how I grew up guess
we're trying to come up with the best
points to our dude you know I have
depression so when I'm like really hard
on myself or things go really bad
I can spiral pretty quickly and we got
in this huge fight and it boiled down to
the way we treat each other and the
balance the imbalance in a relationship
how is just work all the time there's
there's no time for us and no time for
me how can we be happy together and
initially I'm just like fine just like
forget it I'm done like we don't need to
be together it's easier for me to be
alone that's what I do
when I
like hurt and I want to solve something
quickly I push away
luckily John's a very patient mm-hmm
can see through that me a packed like
all right well if something's wrong I do
something bothers you just you got to
tell me we have to be honest and if I
was working too much
you know you'd tell me all right enough
no it's time to take a break it was like
we're loving each other in a different
way did you do did you say the fight the
fight giant the big fight that we had in
June they asked how would we've gotten
over it I think that's just being honest
and setting harsher boundaries has
really really helped even though it was
scary I'll be honest I knew we were
gonna figure it out all the time when I
first met Met Megan I didn't even I
didn't know she was I on aside iddin
really watch YouTube I even know what
the term a youtuber meant I guess I was
just nervous cuz I never been in the
spotlight before I've seen the magazine
covers in grocery stores where like all
this drama happens in Hollywood between
actors and stuff like that do we do we
try to stay private do we not do we go
public I guess I changed the way that I
presented myself to the public on social
media that was just more kid friendly I
think the biggest struggle that Gemini
go through is separating our day the
life of a youtuber is 24/7
I've been doing it for so long and it's
it's not a very stable career choice
you're fighting for relevancy my work
days can sometimes be in a 16 hours or I
wasn't sleeping at certain times I would
get maybe two hours of sleep and that
would really affect our relationship
because John and Billy there's no
balance we work all the time but there's
no time to relax if you're relaxed you
feel guilty and it hasn't been easy and
because we have something so special
it's definitely worth fighting for
we're picking it out it's beginning I
don't know if you guys have a word for
it I do my me and my brother do we were
like man if we could ever find that the
true one it's the golden leopard it's
the golden leopard right there you know
the unattainable person that matches
your personality so perfectly and you
know literally a few days after Megan
and I were seeing this us becoming a
relationship I was like the golden
leopard is is not even the right word
like she's a rainbow unicorn like riding
on a rocket ship
it's like you you search your whole life
for this feeling that you read about in
fairy tales and you see in movies but
you kind of like come to terms with the
fact that doesn't exist I met John in it
and I was just right even though I'm
over here in LA and you know all my
family is back on the other coast
I feel like home with you you know and
I've always felt like an outsider here
you're my best friend and I love you hey
guys thanks for watching if you liked
that comment down below what your
favorite part was click up here to
subscribe and right here to watch more
videos catch you later
what what
