there's a reason why a Sherman are not
in western porn they have small penises
and can't compete with Western men
somewhat I like to comment very familiar
because I make all this we took actual
comments from YouTube and Twitter mm-hmm
and I just want to hear what it would
sound like people read them out loud to
each other oh here we go at Shea addicts
a country that is all white is all right
this is from at wookie babe I hope this
doesn't sound racers oh but i love when
mexicans are selling fruit by my house
but i hate the sound races at pandas god
jr wing-wang ting tong Mahatma Gandhi
Mahatma Gandhi laughs my ass off all
white people are triggered and mad
because they aged like bananas I don't
think that triggered and mad because a
like bananas I think they have other
shit to deal with but here's the thing
sunscreen use it Iran China and Russia
are we going to keep pretending that
they're safe or they're citizens or even
human they aren't they need to be
destroyed and their bloodlines and
cultures erased Wow over here I think
that happened and it wasn't good and we
all got together and said bad idea
I think this guy is just there's a lot
going on in his life and if I met Walter
I would give him a hug be great if they
went back to Africa and left white
people alone without all this whining
and they're the most ungrateful race in
existence with almost zero contribution
to the world with extreme jealousy and
hate towards other races everywhere they
go they bring third-world shit with them
so
back to your African Wakanda where you
can we just like finally admit that
Wakanda isn't a real place I feel like I
feel like some people saw a black
panther and they think yeah whatever at
Peter suffered in a world without blacks
cleaner more tech less violent crime
better schools more industry better
cleaner safer neighborhoods and schools
less whining and more advanced
civilization truth hurts but it is the
truth
hashtag Black's our animals Peter no I'm
not I'm not threatening Peter or
anything right I'm not gonna roll up
with my boy easy
we're not animals Gary Sullivan Mexicans
work very hard dot dot dot
our drug-dealing yeah I mean if they're
all those songs they say that it ain't
easy the game ain't easy right you got
to work hard so Gary one point for you
and Alicia big chop 2018 in my hair
Johnny said her name I guess so whites
are weird and crazy stay away from them
Alicia get at your fucking house moving
on underlined whites are oppressors
underline non-whites are victims but
race doesn't exist yet I love racial
diversity and I celebrate our
differences because we're all the same
so let's destroy diversity by mixing
together but only in white countries I
think they're basically saying we need
to fuck each other to destroy racism
isn't what's really wrong you do what
you want but we do you do you you know
you don't have to be a soup you could be
a salad you know what I mean you can be
a salad
hilarious because here's the thing it's
both uncomfortable don't be yeah there's
more surprise like the things people
like come up with we've become kind of
like this reality show culture people
speak without thinking and we don't hold
ourselves accountable for our words
that's the thing about like YouTube
comments or Twitter comments or whatever
there are no repercussions because
they're their faces or whatever aren't
tied to it the Internet is a place where
we could say a lot of nice things and
spread a lot of good messages and if we
have that choice maybe it's better to go
with the positive one I was raised like
very diverse and then I moved to Texas
and like was the first experience I ever
had of any type of racism okay I didn't
know that existed yeah those are more so
like reading that I think I just have
like thick skin done more like wow like
somebody really want to sit down and
think about that I got better things to
do hey if you don't apply let it fly and
that shit did not apply so we gonna move
on when they talk after the guy makes a
statement it makes me cringe tbh don't
know why I also don't like hearing the
sound of my own voice so makes me cringe
to this kind of lacked real substance
way too short not to mention
representation on both sides was lacking
well you can't win them all
