what was your worst-case scenario that
you enter and then quickly leave oh that
wouldn't well now I know that
a viral New York Times article featured
36 questions that could supposedly make
any two people fall in love we wanted to
see what would happen if we ask these
questions to two complete strangers on a
blind date my name is Victoria I am from
Pennsylvania and I'm very single my last
relationship was like three years ago
I've been single for a long time
my name is Claudio Peroni jr. I'm from
Glendale California and I am single the
worst end to this would probably be her
coming in and quickly leaving
maybe dinner probably doing
hello
welcome to my daddy Claudia hi oh yes
nice to meet you deep t42 I'm really
nervous yeah yeah I've never had a blind
date
me neither it's chilly this is the first
time yeah we're done good would you like
to open yeah I'll read the first
question
what is it physical attribute you
secretly or not so secretly liked the
most about yourself it's you here is no
my eyes it could mean gray right now
they turn gray sometimes is it like a
mood ring yes there's different shades
of gray I think you're kind of like a
blueish um for me I like my tattoos but
is that does that count
they're not like Nach it's on you that's
part of it yeah i tattooed this one
myself and really hard no I like this
one a lot cuz it's pretty recent where's
that you pick this which means Jesus
Christ son of God Savior okay that's
probably guess one of my most meaningful
ones yeah that would have been really
but I can see that you're like shy about
it
I know people people kind of judge you
sometimes about that oh yeah but I think
the fact you put on your body it's like
it's in the rain the middle right yeah
would you like to be famous in what way
yes in what way
for my personality personality and also
for Rhett awesome do you think about
that
look we shy about that but so I'm not
shy about it okay good like hmm no our
musician as well so - I have a guitar
right now song so you got some stuff on
oh yeah
yeah I don't know my own music
downloaded is that bad
I'm gonna close my eyes because I don't
want to see reaction that's awesome
you're a really good voice thank you so
you can sing thank you yeah should be
recognized for that mmm
take one minute and tell your partner
your life story and as much detail as
possible do we have like a time for like
watches tell me when the clock starts
okay
my father is Italian immigrant I played
baseball my entire life till I was like
16 17 years old
and then I discovered that I had a love
for theater so I chose to do theater
instead and with the college for theater
left college worked a bunch of bullshit
jobs rediscovered my love for music
certainty music more seriously and now
I'm here I guess it's not as hard as it
sounds okay yeah just go to be to be
hard for me because like I was raised on
a farm like Amish people and I was
really by at school so I went through a
bunch of different school systems but in
the end I was like cyber schooled I
moved out I was 18 and I was a nanny for
the three weeks then I got fired a hit
and then I moved to Indiana and started
a band we toured around the whole
country for a few years that like broke
up and then I went to Ireland then I
moved to here and then I did YouTube and
now I'm doing YouTube as my career
that's awesome yeah what kind of stuff
is a band I'm gonna look him up okay
well I'm not gonna tell if you knew that
in one year you would die suddenly Jesus
Christ this is very dark would you
change anything about the way you're
living that's it's so like I think we
don't know until you're there until I
think it if I knew for certain I was
gonna die in here I'll get a bunch of
credit cards and now just like I just do
like everything fun feel like I'd like
sell everything
take my dog in like live in the
mountains let me just live in a mountain
you're living look mountain by yourself
yeah with my dog you just like be alone
for an entire year
yeah have a diet will be you spend a
year getting close to people did you die
in there new people then all of a sudden
you die and they're like oh that guy was
cool yeah then they break songs and
memories of you and stuff like that yeah
but imagine the songs they can write
about how their friend got lost in the
mountains they never saw him again I
think it'd be cooler if they knew you
better oh god no you're fine that's the
wrong answer
what is true love what is true love you
know what it is cuz I just think that
it's accepting someone no matter what
you choose to love them that's like the
choice it's a choice that you've made so
this is something I struggle with
because I had to deal with people with
talking about like soul mates that's
something I get that's beautiful right
that's that's pewter that that idea is
beautiful right like you stumble across
someone for the universe decided you had
to be with but why isn't it not more
beautiful
no it's Quan Chi's shoes and like who
you spend your life with so if that's
like the beauty in it it's like the work
the girl yeah do you have a secret hunch
about how you will die I don't want to
die it like I was asleep in the bathtub
and dying it's not cold I'm like I
choked on something right um not to go
to but for a while I thought I was gonna
be suicide why why do I think as you be
suicide
yeah just deeply depressed for a very
long time how did you like that
I don't like medication like when I
can't create like when I'm not able to
do things it gets really bad yeah so I
was auditioning and stuff after I left
college and then wasn't really getting
anything so I just felt like scum like I
walked away I had a full ride and I
walked away from that to like go do it
and I wasn't doing it that's a feel like
shit I have to work out every day cuz I
get like anxiety yep I got have to work
out that's what's helped me the most -
yeah share a personal problem ask your
partner's advice on how he or she might
handle it oh I already know by problem
okay ask me what seems to be bothering
you what's the problem well like I've
kind of talked about it and passing here
but I'm really bad with relationships
and I think I'd go for the wrong people
like I haven't had a relationship for
like a while like no like three years
I've only had one I don't know if it's a
Los Angeles thing but no one really
wants to be in a relationship with me
why do you think that is hmm
isn't this it's personal well first you
have to know that that's not anything I
don't know it's not it never is that's
what they all say yes when there's
expectation yeah in anything bring life
it will lead to disappointment at some
point or another so if you just go into
things with an open mind going I don't
know what the fuck's gonna happen
but either way I'll make it work gonna
be fine when you think about it it like
kind of bugs you a little bit I don't
think it like it's consciously like no
it's just like a little game that I
can't figure out a play right that's the
classic line written love is a game
where like dating the game loves love
this is the last one last one to read
together
we're both gonna have to answer this
both the same I feel like I know what
it's gonna say I think you're being
wrong okay where'd you go in a second
David remember that worst-case-scenario
thing yeah
Oh what was your worst case scenario
that you enter and then quickly leave oh
that would well no I know that I'd say
yeah I want to hear more
and we like to talk more about that we
should workout gym yeah go to Glendale
or I'll go to yeah it's like I got my
phone that you made me play music off of
skipping
hey guys I'm Jason hi I'm Toya thank you
so much for watching if you want to
learn more about the beautiful people we
have on this episode definitely check
out our Instagram channel we have like
behind the scenes footage and more
information about them that's right and
as always we would love for you guys to
subscribe to jewbilee for more amazing
videos or just click here just to watch
more and we'll see you guys next time
