you have a beautiful smile thank you
laughs when you smile I think it's
really authentic a viral New York Times
article featured 36 questions that could
supposedly make any two people fall in
love we wanted to see what would happen
if we ask these questions to two
complete strangers on a blind date
my name is Karis Gibbons and I'm
currently single somebody who's a good
listener someone who's really kind I
also look for someone who I think can
have deep conversations and can take
things seriously but also can have fun
no that's kind of opposite but I like
that in someone my name is Paulo Chiang
and I'm single
very single I feel kind of nervous kind
of anxious kind of excited and I don't
know I don't know what to expect
who to meet but I think it's gonna be a
good time to just get to know a new
person
I've never been on a blind date before
it's my first time
maybe the awkwardness
that there will be in the beginning but
I feel like once we get talking then I
think that'll go away hi nice to meet
you and see ya Apollo I'm curious
hi Karis nice to meet you are you from
LA originally I'm from Brazil oh
Brasileiro but as a little yes no
Portuguese really yeah that's pretty
much the extent of what I know okay what
about you are you from LA I'm from
Orange County
alright I moved from the East Coast with
my family when I was really young so
it's pretty much majority of what I know
alright do you want some more tea before
you begin I would love to
alright coffee yes please
alright do you want to go first okay so
do you have a secret hunch about how you
will die I know how I want to die like
in a way where people like that was
pretty legendary you know that that's a
way to go I don't know I don't know like
saving someone's life really dramatic
yeah like Korean dramas yes how about
you I'm afraid to say it because I don't
want to curse myself you know what I
mean no don't worry I've always been
afraid that I would die from some sort
of disease or really bad car accident
okay hopefully it'll be quick
yeah yeah yeah I'm like oh shoot I'm
really gonna die in a car accident and
then and then and then that's it no time
to freak out yeah you can't even freak
out it's so quick
let's just leave that to God yes
stressed when did you last sing to
yourself or to someone else like 15
minutes ago in the car the car yeah I
was listening to some Whitney Houston
what about you last time I sang to
myself
maybe in the shower sometimes I'll be
driving at my sisters next to me and
then when I start seeing she's like can
you stop you're embarrassing me Oh does
that mean that you can show me a little
dance move right now I think would just
be like a shoulder you know like just
like oh yeah just shoot me right yeah
you'll be like right next to another
their car like hey I think that would be
enough okay
for what in your life do you feel most
grateful I think most grateful for my
family very grateful for my parents my
siblings too I think as a whole we kind
of like complement each other and
complete each other I'm the oldest and
then I have a brother a sister and then
a little brother three boys and one girl
yeah she suffers a little bit but that's
crazy - three girls and one boy weird
who set up his blind date seriously
pretty good casting in this why'd they
every year for the past three years me
and my siblings have been doing a New
Year's video just for fun and then we
post it on Instagram oh my goodness oh
you guys do this every year we started
like three years ago now it's starting
to become sort of like a tradition but
yeah that that's my that's me and my
siblings yes you so much name three
things you and your partner appear to
have in common
Korean I'm half Korean we've both been
to Brazil yes you mentioned your dad's a
pastor mhm okay my dad's a pastor - stop
it oh my okay
PK's CK's yo Cheers
cheers to the pka's out there next
question we're good at this if you can
wake up tomorrow having gained any one
quality or ability what would it be
you have one fearlessness whoa just so I
can see see how much of it holds back
maybe not much will but I'd be
interesting
can I have to rethink mine maybe mine
was too superficial it's like whoa I
wish I could fly sure the feeling of
being able to fly would be awesome is
there something that you've dreamed of
doing for a long time why haven't you
done it I think I haven't did I dream
about it I guess it's a desire I've
wanted to somehow be in the movie even
if I die on that scene or I just come
out I'm like hey and get shot maybe
that's like a small dream but yeah it's
it's something that like oh I think it
would be interesting you know similar to
yours I think mine was doing something
in film or TV I've always been afraid to
do it because it felt very vulnerable
yeah we have like one life yeah how much
time exactly
you gotta take the chances and do it
what is your most terrible memory I got
arrested at a checkpoint I was 19 I
remember sitting in handcuffs on the
curb like tearing up and just thinking
how am I gonna tell my parents what's
gonna happen next
big life lesson for me yeah that PK oh
you're that PK okay I know you alright
um terrible memory the one I can think
of right now I was on set and I was kind
of like learning everything I did like
didn't work out so like hey can you
shoot this and I would accidentally step
on something something will fall cool
they're like oh my goodness like who
brought this guy's like I almost teared
up like oh my goodness this is so hard
but then it turned into something really
positive later because I was like wow
but I'm so thankful
despite being super hard I have this
opportunity alternate sharing something
you consider a positive characteristic
of your partner
I'll start okay I
I really like your energy and openness I
think that's a great characteristic to
have someone who's a good
conversationalist and easy to talk to
I love the fact that you talked about
like I want to be fearless but I feel
like you already are like you do a lot
of things you don't want to regret it
and you just do it you're a family guy
you really care about your family and
it's very evident that you guys are
close I don't know how many times I talk
to people who are at least openly
grateful for their parents and for their
siblings so that's cool
you have a beautiful smile thank you
laugh when you smile I think it's really
authentic would you go on a second date
with your partner do we time this the
answer or okay go first I'll go first
I would there seems to be other factors
involved in in dating do you want to get
to know someone yeah do you want to hear
more about their story in a safe setting
and yeah what toy do that
I would totally ask you out on a second
date I feel like we really connected we
had like what and now we're now and a
half to talk right now
but I know there's so much more that you
yeah sure yeah I don't know what's after
this but I guess like yeah we could set
up a time or something while I'm still
here
yeah you don't sounds good to me cool
cool I want to see another video okay
yeah oh let me let me find on the
Webster
I feel like I've seen this I feel like I
loved your sister yeah my sister's
pretty crazy I I think he'll get along
with my sister she and he here no she's
in Brazil she's awesome
hey guys it's taylor-ann I'm Jason with
Jubilee thanks for watching that episode
of t4 - we want to ask you another
question for the comments below
complete this sentence I wish I had
someone with whom I could share I wish I
had someone whom I could share this
video with good let us know your answer
below and as always make sure you
subscribe and click to watch my videos
and we will see you next time
hey guys guess who I'm with Karis yeah
we did go on the second date
indeed we did it was horrible what
just kidding we've been talking for
hours nobody is here anymore
everybody's like gone well yeah it was
super fun yeah it's been great five
delicious bye
