at the time I was excited to get the
call but everything in my body said say
no I was really excited about it
so totally different reactions started
using the mask as a symbol of just like
craziness of being free of becoming
something else I started creating these
large black light paintings
somehow the neon colors allow me to
express myself like in a metaphysical
way it got well-received and it started
kind of calling me black like king
honestly I'm a little nerve-racking
completely outside my comfort zone which
is the reason I said yes but mm I think
I would call myself like a contemporary
wildlife painter I kind of take the
animal out of its environment and put it
on a background that's a little more
abstract when I was younger that's all I
used to do is I used to draw animals and
I was completely fascinated by animals
and I still have like a deep love of you
know everything on four feet if I were
to ask you I know we're gonna paint
something I know I'm gonna meet another
artist and I have no idea who that
person is or what they do I mean they
could be a tattoo artist for all I know
hi how are you what's your name hey may
what's nice medium black light black
light yeah nice to meet you
now I'm very curious about what you do
oh yeah this is my my studio what I do
is like I'll do regular colors and then
afterwards I'll add neon colors on top
of it
it works with the glasses - there's
glasses yeah jebel oh my gosh okay
what about you what kind of work do you
do okay that's cool it's still sick
that's cool though because if you paint
animals then we can do something go yeah
because I have some ideas I'm thinking
oh you could paint the animal and I
could paint the spirit of the animal I
love that I didn't go like super
psychedelic with it yeah you know and
you can go like kind of like blend into
the animal yeah I'm into the animal yeah
okay what if we did something like like
cunning around the peace site this guy
over here hmm yeah so like okay like for
example like this will be your bird
right here right
I'm nervous about creating worse that's
good without my normal process there is
a possibility that I will totally fail
but I'm here okay black light you want
to look at something right so it's 8 by
11 I didn't really know what to expect
say the truth I was thinking okay is it
gonna work or their Styles gonna mesh
and of course
personality-wise you know however I was
really optimistic
let's see I need to like I need to good
start I had a dream last night about
Ravens I've wanted to paint some
recently you know he had some birds and
some of the work that he showed me and I
just thought well what if we worked on
kind of a raven portrait together I
think part of how we wanted to
collaborate is to go through tain our
styles but somehow find a way to have it
integrate so that it looked like a piece
that was collaborated but not super
separate once we got these ideas going
it was just they were just like water it
was we were just streamlined so I really
like that process of being able to on
the spot create something and her ideas
were really open to mine I think he has
a really good vision and imagination you
know even though our work is totally
different we have a similar Sensibility
I don't know a little hard to put into
words I think it's just more of a vibe I
feel that we managed to braid two styles
together and make it work
that's really rewarding itself
so on your left you have black blinking
when your right you have someone over hi
everybody
oh yeah well I don't know about you but
when I got the call actually the call
the email and the Instagram message from
Amari at the time I was excited to get
the call but everything in my body said
say no because it made me so nervous you
so you're you were looking forward to it
you weren't into it yeah I was more
nervous about the project itself you
know like yeah a lot like hard working
but anyhow I it was great working with
you I had a lot of fun and I learned a
lot so shall we ready one two
so we both kind of tried to focus on our
strengths you know so I did a more
realistic version and he did this
amazing psychedelic spiritual version
yeah we like the Raven because he had
like it's like metaphysical we thought
about rebirth a lot and it like dying
and being reborn into a spirit animal
and then you know and then we had fun in
the world
thank you for watching another episode
of between worlds from Jubilee I'm Amari
super glad to see you here at the end of
the video if you made it here you the
best and I love you go ahead and comment
below if you couldn't make a rap about
what Jubilee means to you I'll send you
a free t-shirt but yeah subscribe watch
more videos love you guys peace
