hey did the Stephanie Bundaberg this is
Anna we're gonna play a game and candid
confession and I am from Panama and I
moved to LA to become a special effects
makeup artist web me I'm Stephanie
bernburg I am a fashion designer and I'm
a mother I heard you guys met in a
peculiar way can you tell me the story
of how you met oh well we were in Panama
and I was walking down the street and I
saw her and I was like I really want to
do her makeup like other makeup artists
I saw her and to me she was like the
perfect model I went straight to her and
I was like can I do your makeup and
let's like do a photo shoot or something
please we basically set up a team and we
made an amazing photo shoot yeah that
was amazing so who starts first anyone I
go I gave perfect I never have I ever
guns Keaney that typing dipping I don't
know what does that mean I'm sorry it's
when you go swimming completely naked oh
my god okay oh my god it was like went
on vacation with friends I don't
remember so many times like maybe if I
had like my own pool maybe I would do it
but like anywhere else and like no never
have I ever farted well laughing one two
three I I don't remember like I know
like if I've done it I've never
forgotten because I would have paid as
myself so much so since I don't have any
memories of that probably not it's the
kind of things that happens like not one
time yeah
you know it happen so never have I ever
wanted to be famous so I want to create
like really good work and I want to be
like the best I possibly can in my
profession but I'm scared of people
getting too involved with me like I
still want to be able to go and
flip-flops to the supermarket and no one
caring about that so you know me it's
like years ago I've been like working as
a model and I wanted to get to get
famous more except that I said that and
then of course you know about
understanding and with the years you
know you're not like searching for these
kind of things no more but when you are
very young
you want these kind of things yes or no
people have the wrong idea about
modeling and makeup ready yes oh yes
first sometimes people think that makeup
is something that's superficial that has
to do with vanity and it's not true for
example in my case makeup artistry is
like painting drawing sculpting etc but
instead of having a blank canvas your
canvas is a human being so you are
creating a living and a moving work of
art and that takes a lot of time and
that takes a lot of effort but makeup
can also transform a person's life one
time I had a client and I didn't know
like she had she had cancer when I
finished doing her makeup she look in
the mirror and she said today I don't
feel sick that's powerful it can change
the way a person sees themselves that's
why I believe that sometimes people have
a wrong idea of makeup I think you know
like for models mainly we are also
humans you know what I mean where we are
human beings and and for me starting
modeling was a way to escape also my
family we are humans you know
okay so never have I ever been jealous
of you
oh oh you you wanna you wanna know why
it's not now but if when I met you so
this is like a very dark topic when I
met you I used to suffer from from like
self image like issues and eating
disorders oh and I saw you and I was
like I wish I were as skinny as her and
that's what I it was the only thing I
wanted back then I only wanted to be
skinny and I lost a lot of weight a lot
of weight there came a point where I
basically I was eating too little I was
eating too little and I thought that was
okay and I was like a size zero and I
was a skinniest person in the world and
I was so happy and then I got sick I
felt so bad because I was like I thought
this was gonna make me happy and I
thought that this was like the ideal but
my body is rejecting this weight my body
is rejecting this lifestyle and this
behavior and I analyze like my priority
should be my health no matter what and
I'm healthy now is know people tell me
like oh my god you look so pretty you
look so full of life and I'm like still
trying to accept it you know it's not
easy
actually at least now I'm like this is
the right thing this is the right thing
so yeah that's basically what happened
and I'm so glad that I finally could
grow out of that yeah because you're
shining you don't need to to be loud to
be just to be you and the health has no
price you know what I mean yeah I had
exactly the same when I was very young I
was 15 and I was I was probably as
seeking for attention or I don't know
what I was exactly seeking for I had
troubles with my mom and I try with my
father and my stepmother was extremely
controlling manipulative and all that I
was terrible I think what we all want
out to be so skinny and
but I think we are trying to - I don't
know there's an emotional problem there
isn't a problem inside of us you know
and I'm a happy that you accept yourself
the way you are I had to accept myself
and when I accepted I everything was
okay yes or no I mess up a lot okay yes
of course yes and we learn about of our
messing up basically yeah from what we
are doing yes when we learn we learn we
learn I feel that I take a lot of risks
in my life like I do a lot of things
that are very risky and it's not always
gonna end up how you want it to and it's
not always gonna end up well yeah I mess
up also because I put myself in in
really dangerous situations you know
like I went yeah fine I'm out like this
you know I know that I invested a lot
also in people I get emotionally
invested a lot I get heartbroken but you
know what I leave you what I had to
leave and I live it like to the fullest
I live it 100% so yes I I miss a lot but
my life is like really full and I really
love exactly you know what are you
exactly
oh my god that is so yes or no your
partner knows how truly amazing they are
yes or no let's see yeah I think you
know I feel that you know how amazing
you are because you've been through so
much it doesn't matter how hard it is
you always choose to you so you always
ly know how amazing you are and how much
you were worth and I really admire and
respect out of you because like in my
case it took me forever to really choose
me but for me too it takes me forever
you know it's normal you know it's a
little by little but I'm yeah
I know that you you know so oh how
amazing you are
you're very positive it's hard to find
positive people trust me
oh no and it was hard for me too like
five years ago people wouldn't say that
of me like I used to be really really
depressed and really anxious yeah and it
makes me really happy that a person that
that found me like later in the future
would see me this way because it means
that I truly have changed and that's
everything that I ever worked for yes
I'm glad I met you
yeah me too what's up Jubilee fam thanks
for watching that candid episode season
3 is beginning and we got some great
ones for you this time seriously our
best episodes yet mark my words we got
more videos for you here you can also
subscribe right there keep it cool keep
it awesome
have fun you are beautiful I'll see you
guys around
