in 1997 a psychologist conducted an
experiment that could lead any two
people to fall in love using just 36
questions we took those 36 questions and
asked them to three complete strangers
just to see what happens
are we elected chairs like it's knocking
yeah stairs yes do you have a secret
lunch about how you will die a secret
I think there's lunch right or punished
you know I really want to die peacefully
I had a rough rough long life coming off
of drugs and everything else and whatnot
I want to just die peacefully in my bed
what is your most terrible memory
when I was 16 years old I was kicked out
on Christmas Eve so I don't really get
along well with my stepfather
I remember him screaming at me the worst
part was that my mom was there and and
she didn't say anything in that moment
yeah it was hot my most terrible
memories are being bullied I can't
remember any of them at the top of my
head because I just shut them off cuz I
don't let it affect my life anymore the
men kids and what they say to you oh god
it's narrow
you look like Scarlett Johansson right
now it's so good yes
get that get that I mean this like
looking at you stare Emily go girl
yeah you know I just think that yeah
bullying is a freaking like universal
thing and yeah I just wish that there
was something that we could do to like
you know anyways my mostly getting I can
talk about it and laugh the business
said to cry my most terrible memory is
getting blitzed and my friend poured me
in her car and I'm thinking I'm home and
she pulled over and just stopped me off
at the street and I'm waking up don't
know what my pay this wet t-shirt on
yeah we don't talk anyway
but I'm here now sober happy content
yeah you know I have any negative people
live come on my life it's like you know
what you're not for me thank you thank
you I'm so strong thank you thank you
what roles do love and affection play in
your life at this point in my life I
want to sit companion I don't want to be
like okay let's go home and let's look
at guys because they all have this this
finish another oh yeah you don't take it
out ever okay last
No kiss me on the cheek I have a nice
night friend
I'm always willing to give and always
really dude it's okay we can have girls
this is fun this is really fun I'm like
there's a game I love game someone who
could intellectually stimulate me yes
very passion an independent mind
and since free spirit free spirit
wouldn't hurt if he also had an
eight-pack don't put that in there
no feel sexual that's what all my tender
nobody cares I feel beautiful when I see
note with my best girlfriends same I'm
like my truest truth self and she
deserves to be out all the time and
there's something amazing about what is
supporting other would absolutely know
my girls are just like when are you
gonna be Empress of Taiwan I'm like the
last one tell the other two what you
like about them be very honest this time
things that you might not say to someone
you just met
can go first okay you just completely
broke all my expectations how intimate
your story is you're you talk about
fetishism you talked about you know how
people see you and how you're being
treated but honestly I think it's really
courageous and I think you're beautiful
thank you yeah and I mean you blow girls
thank you
don't ever let anybody diminish your
life oh yeah
like your first impression that was just
like this God has a lot of light and you
told me that like I've only been here
for like three weeks but you fit in so
naturally you're sitting here you're
talking so openly about your life I
think there's great courage with both of
you is what I want to say and you're
basically just Karla they're gonna
probably look down at me and think she
is the worst person ever so that's the
pass that's in the past in the closet
now let's trust from me you are one of
the bravest people I have ever met and
just the fact that you are here and you
are so strong there's no down looking at
all it's looking up and for you I admire
that you are so wild such a power woman
I would love that
some of this can wrap up to me so I can
be a little and with all-glorious
and so as the day came to an end three
strangers who had never met each other
behave
took a photograph together to celebrate
their c'mon because we told them to and
they'd all bonded together pretty well
by then anyways stay tuned for the next
episode featuring three super buff men
who've never met each other before being
emotional together oh and we have other
cool videos ready check out as well give
it a whirl we'll see you around
