he said some beautiful stuff like oh my
god when you're when you're when you
walk you know you move side to side this
my name is Paula
we've been together for three years my
name is Tai train our relationship
it feels brand-new the nice table my
friend she said think it go really good
with my best friend Thai she was like
like Tyrone boom like Thai he's Asian
only why don't take ages either she's
like well it's time for you to date
outside your race good good so we went
out once a year for three years yeah it
calls it playing hard-to-get I did he
was just so normal when I was like this
funny we would takes off in and every
time my question comes up with so when
we're gonna hang out we're not gonna
reply she would text me
Louise see how you doing or how you been
why we actually be well well well and
that question will come up again so when
am i winning let me take you out she
will not reply so like give me 30 days
against one text I sent her was you may
be busy but if you really want to hang
out someone you will make the time to
hang out with them you would find the
time and she gave me the time no he just
thinks I didn't see because I was like
hard to get you know that time was
playing hard to get yeah I was just
gonna quite honest you know like Mexican
stuff yeah so I just thought you were
gonna be like town that's crazy
no I didn't know you were so Mexican
savvy that's what it was I understand 25
thirty-eight he teaches me stuff how to
handle situations because I'm not young
anymore I don't see I don't see anything
else at all I think me in her pretty
much all right you mocking me it was
tough at some point she didn't
understand you know I'm pretty
understanding myself so she needs to go
through it to understand to to grow up
but I don't look too old though right
father to all I said you were gonna say
like we should mock me I do that quite
often or 1012 years apart it was a
learning curve for you and there's
things I've been through and you haven't
this week we've just gone through some
really big learning experiences so I
don't know right now she's very deep she
can express her feelings very well while
I can't express my phone as well as she
can
ah what it all came down to is husband
and wife we play each other first
it's no matter what we put each other
first we have for me I mean it feels
like we have an obligation to our
children so you know care for them and
put of course their well-being first but
after a certain age you know just it's
your wife iris and your husband first
that's exactly what it is put your your
wife first
that's what you should do mm-hmm I think
it's been a beautiful learning
experience I mean it wasn't beautiful
going through it because no you know
going through it is never beautiful
especially if we're gonna get married
yeah
it's forever by appearance I love the
way she walks when she walks from behind
it she she walks left right left right
that's appearance but she's very loving
man when this girl knows that you're on
her side she will do anything and
everything for you there's something I
would like to say that day when she
becomes my wife we were good people
before we met each other
when we got to this relationship we made
each other better she teaches me how to
express my feelings when I've always had
a hard time learning and knowing how to
do that I'll plan a crime
recently my son our son he was um in the
middle of a brawl and his mom was the
main attraction I didn't want to be in
the middle of the drop of the bra I
didn't it was so fast and I just went
down and I was just down I was covered
and I was just I'm so worried because
I'm thinking like oh my god who has my
son time ice I looked over at my son you
know ty had him and protected him and ty
cried if ty doesn't cry and so to see ty
cry and to see my child be protected by
this strong man it was like okay that's
it like I'm in my life like I'll sell my
soul to you like yeah it's just my hair
he said some beautiful stuff like
when you're when you're when you walk
you know you you move side to side
mom mom mom filer you know at that time
you know mm-hmm the fact that by the
time I was able to get up and think
straight and ask where's my son where
Ruben and the fact that before I was
even finished with that sentence you had
him under your care like I will forever
everything
even when you think I'm at my toughest
I'll always love you no matter what
sugar joke I think just a period yeah I
thought it was we had to it's alright
okay okay so this is my new belief and
let me tell you she's driving day and
tell you go Taylor please describe in
fact this button if you want more and
subscribe rap battles that's right we
should put like more videos right here
though right here okay
