I'm so sorry who got you mad is it me oh
my god look look
it'd do me young I'm finally heading
back to the new Adams family house so
who knows I might be back here soon just
to come visit and be here near Hamza
since he started a school near hailer
who I still want to get back because she
got me really good a few weeks back
Reema Mawson and the homie Ali who I did
not see and I forgot he even existed and
I'm so so sorry
you're like my youngest nephew and like
yo you don't owe me man I'm sorry I'm
coming to all of them right now they do
not know I'm gonna be here so I might
just have to sneak in and just just see
what they're up to for today's vlog I'm
planning on going to the new house and
literally like hiding and going inside
and seeing what they're doing so I
cannot wait to see you guys I miss them
so so much it's been a long long time
the weather is complete wait why don't
you bleep that I said hey stop bleep it
I said yo if you bleep what I'm saying
one more time I said crap all right good
don't believe it guys look how horrible
the weather is no one is outside goodbye
old Adams family house in the next shot
I will be in the new Adams family house
but before I get to the new Adams family
house make sure you guys give this vlog
and giant thumbs up and do not forget to
subscribe because I upload every single
day and I'll see you on the next shot
the new Hobbs
they got
my god
you're the scary guys
guys let me get out I can't breathe I
can't breathe thank you thank you I miss
you so much more how are you mustn do
you mr. black yeah you missed it guys I
haven't seen them since they were since
he was three years old
oh my god this Cho just show his love is
insane like like Deena's love is like
you know like she gives me hugs is it
muffin is like it's too rough man like
yeah like eat all my jeans like what do
you love him he's Oh Steve I missed you
so much
I missed you so much you're not gonna hi
Jake
you sure mm-hmm you sure Mostyn is now
four years old dad now that he knows a
handshake he never wants to stop doing
it okay he knows it okay I would beat
your home button yes oh I miss you so
much for me how much did you miss me huh
good luck
yeah yo it's been so long man seriously
I'm so glad to be back I'm gonna be in
New York City for like a few months now
with my family
my prize you you you have a surprising
me yeah but the heck
yo where is the homie Ollie man was Ali
Ali Ali Ali was sup my boy what's up my
boy what's up my boy what's up
Ali I missed you you missed you so much
I missed you
Harley who got you so sorry who got you
man is it me
oh my god look look you forgot me yo he
hates me yo he's mad at me look at me so
mad what's going on look in him I got so
I don't know if he's mad at me I don't
know if he hates me what I don't know I
maybe I need to pick him up I don't know
smile I want to see you smile
all right guys after a while I just
found out because I'm like I can read
the baby's brain and stuff so I found
out that look like he's smiley mother
because cuz I can't look he's used to
this he's not used to laying down you
used to being a spot he already is for
duty here nes Bo's cutie huh huh you
ready
let me see seen him likely not but he
got kind of mushy like really big and he
wants everyone Ceylonese it he really
wants to play and have fun that's what
you want to do ready you got too much
energy man it's okay Ali I got you I'll
carry him whenever you want whenever you
want
yes this is what he wants know what's so
much me
Anika's you like Santa Claus Mawson hey
that's Ally's that's Ally's o-m-g this
dude man this is what I get this is this
is my welcome back home bro
it's ok it's ok ok good boy you're good
it's ok you know he's looking just
staring at me right now literally like
him hmm let me see a smile now I want to
see you smile please all I'm doing is
talking to you my man all I'm doing this
talk and you never see smile cracking
man you got a little peanut yeah he's
looking at me he's just listening to me
not not you good you're the man you're
the man love you so much hmm did he just
fart did you just fart he's like it's
not me I feel like I'm really talking to
him you farted you farted yo it's crazy
eyes for months now you're four months
happy for months
early
