yeah like assume you have a zoom holder
sir you're wrong Guiteau compete oh yes
you know you killed it you killed an
intro give us dad do me gig what is
poppin I am with princess Deena you're
not a princess my bad what are you then
a girl firefighter
oh don't start with their girl what girl
sci-fi why are you hugging me in the
video like this yes I love you you do
huh thank you I love you more I love you
so much Adina you're my freakin favorite
I hope everyone is feeling good today
today is about to be an amazing crazy
day I have a flight for you guys and I
have a main Channel video for you guys
it's a crazy prank we're doing got prank
guy your mom my mom no we're not we're
doing a prank on you man well Grady
would know you're a kindergarten and
halel do you five and can't fake you're
not turning six to like a long time I'm
just giving everyone an update on
princess I mean yes girl firefighter
Dina be a good life and you you'd want
to be my princess please yeah you don't
want to be a princess no I fine fine
I've never seen a girl who didn't want
to be a princess now you're gonna be my
girl firefighter Mike fate pin you can
sing tears yeah yes
you can sing my song tears okay can you
sing it to me huh
you're gonna hit him kind of hard girl
introducing Deena let's go
hey hey she told me that he was the best
friend every day she's reminiscing I'm a
time spent and she can't even comprehend
well it's time what but now it's me and
her and I swear that I'll be there that
I'm gonna take the pain away I'm right
see your car come on dinner yo you guys
do not understand how much Deena loves
you guys all she talks about is a doobie
gang and all she does is take my camera
and she kisses the camera she's like
Adam I kissed a boomy gang how much do
you love and do me getting for yeah
that's pretty a lot for age who do you
love more me or Adam again cuz I love
you you got to say both you got to say
both girl huh so bad my niece is so bad
no you need oh you and this is so bad
yeah are you took my units you have a
crush on him hey you know roast him with
the head why because he always bother me
he's always bothering you yeah yeah but
don't learn from Jamel don't be a
postman to be a girl firefighter okay
yes give me a hug
let's go see where Jamal is that today's
give me a dope flag so do me get started
is why by giving it a giant thumbs up if
you guys enjoy the vlogs every single
day and if it makes your days every
single day or it takes away the stress
that you guys have throughout the day
thumbs up this vlog and do me yet cuz
that's what I aim for and do not forget
to subscribe because I'll upload every
single day I don't forget to get your
merch adieu me store.com let's head
outside I'm gonna go get my cut and then
after that we're gonna have some fun
still videos let's do it I'll see you
guys in the next shot guys I am outside
with the man Jamel in the building we're
about to get a haircut I remember
walking through these streets
solenoid cuz the Train like listen and
it says pork over there we don't mess
with pork and pigs right there we're
about to pass through a lot of memories
right now you ready let's go that's nice
don't touch don't touch
it's live out here
no it's great to know I get
yo guys a moment of silence to Remes old
school right here how do you do that
scream I can't do that yo yo I don't
know how people do that scream man like
I can't do that try together busy stop
stopping people gonna think man like I'm
freaking attacking this kid do me gang
I'm with the homie Hamza came to visit
art came to visit him and tell him what
self to Matt also what's up what's pop
goes with me a son this is my size oh
yes eyes what it's my size look a
hundred pounds at the age of nine Hamza
is back home to his crib he was staying
at my crib but now that school started
back yo shout-out to everyone let's go
to school I really hope you guys ate
your classes I know a lot of you guys
are not excited about school but you
guys should be because I miss school
oh that's cool I know a lot of you guys
have not missed school I just be
straight-up honest you guys do not miss
food needed that I bro it
I miss school I'm saying like I haven't
been to school for so long so I miss it
so trust me you guys are saying this
right now but in a few years you guys
are gonna be like oh my god I miss
school I miss those days so enjoy your
time in school have fun nice whoever
comes in here
and ace your classes stay in school do
me gang I'm going to Best Buy real quick
Joe man is not with me he's actually
back home at my crib I'm gonna surprise
him with a ps4 Pro he's always wanted
one because he always plays video games
on his phone seriously he's been waiting
for those games but so so long so I'm
gonna surprise him with it
so let's see how it goes to me I'll see
you guys in the next chapter dumi yang
I'm in rhemas old room right now and I'm
about to surprise him with the
PlayStation 4 that I just got right now
they didn't have true key and I team but
i pre-ordered it for him because it's
coming out really soon and I also gave
him the new spider-man game I really
hope this makes his day because I love
him so much he's seriously one of my
favorite one of the coolest nephews that
I ever have and I know he's gonna be
really touched by seeing the PlayStation
4 cuz you guys do not understand how
many years he's been telling me he wants
this but I'm waiting because he was kind
of young benign he's 9 years old and I
finally got him the PlayStation 4 you
can have fun and get A's in your class
you know I'm saying so I'm gonna bring
him in and then surprise him with this
ps4 let's let's do it thumbs up a doobie
guy thumbs up for the manager man I'm
gonna put the PlayStation 4 on there
here in the spider-man come fro with the
blanket now we're ready to go alright
guys this is like the opposite I would
prank so much let's do it I'm gonna go
bring him in to tell him I need to talk
to him
do you know that I love you I love you a
lot
you're one of my favorite nephews you're
like don't like you're the love of my
life man like you're seriously you're my
freakin family I've known you since you
were born man like I've always loved you
and I just want to tell you that I got
you a surprise
no PlayStation 4 okay you got it you got
it are you crying we happy yes you are
yeah you will able to make me come
yeah let me tear man
well maybe tear Mac you okay
don't cry bro I Love You Man you okay
yeah this is your ps4 man and I got you
a game spider-man and you also got two
canine team coming yo man oh my god I
didn't want to tell you me cried you
Maddie got me emotional minute you got
me emotional I love you so much
there came in look stiff peace for all
yours as long as you pass your classes
and stuff you know a lot of people my
family you know they tell me not to give
you PlayStation for it but I still got
you playin for but you have to like let
me know you're gonna be a senior classes
yeah you're gonna be getting A's yeah
you sure yes pinky promise I just do
your best in school okay yeah do me hey
what's up
juh man and the building got his
PlayStation 4 you gonna set it up
already yo seriously Jemaine you got me
emotional wallah man I've never like
teared but like seen my nephew my own
nephew like tear out of happiness like
got me y'all got me just got me so
emotional man well you got me so
freaking emotional man like I've never
been this emotional for so long soda man
just know I love you so much I hope you
have fun with this this is the least I
can do like you deserve so much more
than this man do you know how much I
love you how much do you think I love
you you're my best nephew made Oh shot
at all the nephews that I watched in
Boston has a youssef man I leave my bad
manager man I don't even know you
I think isn't know what I'm saying I
leave man while he's gonna know in the
future of Japan I love all my nephews I
love all my nieces you guys are
seriously my life and I'm uh this the
least I can do a seriously man like the
love that I get from you and the love
that I give you but this is literally
the least I can do I love you so much
y'all serious I really hope you guys
enjoyed this video seriously oh man this
video is really special man see it was
the most touching moment I've ever had
like with me dramatis Lee I love you so
much I'm gonna end the vlog here make
sure you guys go check out the prank
that I did under man
about the set up the ps4 place a
four-night all day every day you're
gonna make your gamertag and you get to
play people you want to play people yeah
he's gonna make his gamertag ok he's
gonna wanna 1v1 you guys so um let's see
how it goes do not forget to subscribe
because I upload every single day and do
not forget to get the vlogger thumbs up
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care
