now today we have a big big announcement
who wants to say he's the oldest the
oldest one of the Adams family members
getting married today we had like a
small party fan has a bazillion okay
good boy your brother's come sit down so
we got the homie Ali baby Ali in the
House today
I'm sorry he's a mess you were just he
drools a lot he just woke up from a nap
he's not anymore
his Papa say hi say hi say hi so I heard
in the game say hi say hi give them a
kiss one drop is only giving them a kiss
roast master get my yoga master some
attitude you roasted my brother you're
also doing you notice I'm following my
rest of my life I'm not to give you
props though it's a nice roast yeah well
when you but how can we do it on
somebody else we did it on a Don r2 is
on a kick that I know it kicks
we got princess three mind the house
higher you mine oh I forgot to tell you
guys
Eid Mubarak
yeah okay baby brother Ali you're not
saying anything right say Ali Ali you
love him who do you love Reema or Ali
huh no you have to say both like both we
love you all everybody love each other
anyways a dummy game this is uh this is
just a short video for you guys and
Leigh Leigh Eid Mubarak and we miss you
Adam what is poppin I literally just
woke up I'm backstage of the Bradford
show it is sold out and I want to talk
with you guys cuz I want to tell you
guys about how I've been living on tour
don't be gang I decided to be here
because I felt like downstairs was like
crazy crazy distract miss but I just
wanted to tell you guys that seriously
every single day I've been going back to
back to venues Hotel show literally
venue a hotel show venue hotel show you
know that's that's tour life but
seriously you guys do not understand how
much I love it like I actually feel like
I'm living like somewhere alone and
everything I get to see you guys and you
know meet you guys hang out with you
guys and have fun with you guys - no put
you guys on stage and just like crash
and go to sleep and then wake up and
happen again but yeah I just want to
talk to you guys about that let you guys
know that I am enjoying literally every
single minute of it that's why yesterday
I want to talk a little black for you
guys like you know more behind the
scenes at a tour because you know that's
why I'm at most at a time and I'm still
gonna be flying in every single day I
just want to stay consistent and keep my
record clean I am gonna pull some crazy
crazy critics in here like you know the
store is just getting stored or like I
promise you guys that I'm gonna make
each and every single one of them cry
like prank Adam is coming out
here we yes we're going right now
backstage before the show like just you
know getting good feel of it got the
homie Wainwright hey away what up man
you got me protective you won't say if
the stage goes here hey we had two homey
digits Papaji Tony I see me still doing
good we go what I want a rematch today
you didn't I want a rematch this let me
give it enough yeah bro I want a rematch
today seriously can I go up there I'm
allowed to go up there like there while
I'm performing or not I always have
crazy in my last tours I used to never
like stage before the show but this tour
I am only because like I can know like
I'm more like I just want to know the
areas like even like last time when I
was going around inside the crowd I
didn't really know the area so I'll be
lost and I'm like trapped like now I
know you don't say so I'm smooth I can
dip like Tom and Jerry to a single seat
will be occupied yeah let's do it
Wow let's do it but like a missile right
there bigamy tell me you guys cap
definitely caption this on your caption
it would be combat fix the sea do you
Kate honestly you just do it Bravo this
is yo this is literally like I feel like
yo it's like machines run everywhere how
many laptops is there for five wheel
it's not six computers ever wow this is
crazy you're mixing this for your sound
yeah that's your lighting this for your
lighting controls smoke machine and this
controls a magic screen that goes yo
it's a huge shout-out to DJ year to this
tour it's been like a bond together
seriously and it's so fun cuz everyone
like all you guys always love the homey
DJ's and it's oh we have a good bond
together you know I'm saying even though
I beat him in FIFA nah that was the one
off roulette yeah yeah I haven't played
I never played him swear look at this
when we get there oh the America and the
UK one was but I got the American one
again because you
McCrea bro so you didn't you clay talk
yeah okay yeah everyone always like yeah
I guess they don't notice I'm American
and sloth speak to my guys while wait
let the fun begin let me let me get the
horse Toki I mean you're not supposed to
do it you know what our press room hi
sis everyone can hear the one talk to
the whole infinity squad nos that we
Mike everyone Guerra nas's a penguin
copy copy nas's penguin where is Nassim
backward or the North Pole ready for
today oh you know how to go to Kiki
challenge yes or no yes she knows how to
do it
yes you know how to do it all right
let's do it Brad firt about to go on
stage with you
if du da I just got done on Bradford and
it was amazing and I have some crazy
crazy news because if you guys do not
know
Zayn Malik is in Bradford while I'm on
oh oh my oh my god like oh dang gyrl
moment oh my hey Malik is it honey
absolutely seriously as you guys know
his sisters came to my show in Bradford
last year last UK tour and it's pretty
dope because I'm a really big fan of
Zane's music his music is amazing and
him as a person is just like as you guys
know he's like one of my biggest
inspirations since one direction before
one direction days you know I'm saying
but seriously Bradford thank you guys so
much for everything you guys were
amazing one heck of a crowd thank you
guys so so much has been an amazing
amazing tour so far Newcastle was
tomorrow seriously I feel like every day
is a crazy workout I love it so much it
reminds me of boxing that's something I
really love which is boxing which is the
fight I'm going through Kaos iron lung
in this video I might just title it like
ksi is getting it knocked out in 24
hours or in one day
well actually to me is two days but when
this is up is gonna be one day there's a
lot of people who actually think ksi is
gonna win but I'm speaking realistically
like realistically I actually think si
will not win like ice boxing wisely I
don't people with you can't they just
love the UK and they hate Logan Paul and
they just want to represent the UK so
they just want ksi to win so people are
just saying I want hair science win but
reality I'm telling you guys it's now
Kisai is gonna get knocked out tomorrow
with Logan Paul and I will be there to
witness it and I'm here like if I would
like a betting wasn't haram I promise
you guys I put in a hundred thousand
dollars yes I'm just letting you guys
know it do me a thank you guys so much
for love and support I'll keep you guys
updated throughout this whole journey
that's about to come thank you guys so
much I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace I like
