scare dumi gang what is pop in today's
the first day of my tour was bob
bedskirt sarong so let's pop it straight
way it is the first show today Glasgow
yesterday was a meeting if I hadn't
broke use me do you guys know I can buy
kilts I want to go around he'd be like
you know like a which one is the best
one get in shape to get inside all right
cool I might get this one right here was
popomon hi guys doing Trey away was
poppin man Trey way without mitt yeah
which one should I get which one should
I get a red one a green one this one red
one yeah yeah I might just get the red
one see how it goes I'm gonna go inside
and see guys look there's so many of
these green is blue that's right hi guys
look she gave me this quick kill how do
you say it killer quilt kilt I seen me
just kill right here because I got the
little designs this is like the main one
I can't believe i'ma go to the show like
this the last song I'm gonna perform
with this on no one knows yet so imma I
see how it goes well people that buy me
buy wear this outside like no it's
normal here I got I'm just making sure
no one laughs at me so 20 minutes
literally to the show be any Platinum's
backstage and we're gonna see how it
goes without the homies mic mic sit
without man we chillin we are here
scones finally son why is it never sunny
here well Sonny before it's the first
time I've seen a sunny Scotland so that
means it's gonna be a good good day can
I go on I can't one of these candies are
no the free or 20p in what 20 was 20 P
let's put our good here thank you my dad
hi guys I got it here Mike ready to see
me in a kill have you seen anyone like
you to kill in the show
Scotland I'm doing it for you guys and
no pants on there sorry what I need to
wear my pants on there is tradition man
what is the tradition oh man I need to
wear pants boxes boxes no boxes what do
me gang we're pulling up to the venue
right now this is how I'm pulling up
first a mom be spider-man so I'm a
spider-man it's coming from New York
City all the way to Glasgow
I just haven't spider a mess throughout
the tour I don't know so if you ever see
someone with a spider-man mask it's not
me
so yeah just know I'm spider-man he was
like is that him all right guys do me
angry here backstage with the squad you
guys something now has Tom is a good
idea okay we got a kill yeah so it would
be cool if I go on stage
what's up for do me gang we just got to
Manchester stop looking at stop looking
there it's wrong Gucci I'm just joking I
seriously just put up a post on my
Instagram story with this shirt and like
everyone's laughing at me I got this
shirt for imma to do a dare for $100
if he wears his outside in public but my
man look I'm doing it for free I in a
punk I'm just showing the world that I
can wear a shirt that I got and you know
is dope I got it from LA but everyone in
the UK is laughing at me maybe because
of the back of my shirt you know got
like literally like look you could like
look at my whole body in this whip I'll
literally sleep in this this is my shirt
that I wear after the show and I'm
sweaty as hell by the way guys this
whore I've been super sweaty cuz it's
been crazy seriously performing all my
songs talking with you guys is like a
workout and I love it so much cuz we're
all like working out together so be
ready Manchester I had an amazing
amazing start of Glasgow has been wild
manchester is about to be another wild
movie there's always something crazy
that happens at each show and today in
Glasgow it was pretty much a guy
pretending to be blind
literally I'm not even joking throughout
the whole show you watched well actually
he pretended to be blind at the show he
had like the steak he had the glasses on
and like I was giving my love because I
know a few people who are blind some
people who are deaf who watch my videos
you know that means a lot the fact that
you know they still show their love
still show the support you know means
the most to me so literally me my whole
infinity team was giving them you know
extra love we even gave him longer times
it was like everything because you know
it was really touching to see you see
something like that but then the dooby
gang the meeting Greek came I met him I
was signing his shirt and everything and
just like it just wasn't adding up
because he just started saying like oh
can I touch your face I'll let him touch
my face I swear I was like here touch on
my face all you want man seriously like
I appreciate you like what you do he was
touching my face and he started like
touching literally everywhere I signed
this shirt and then after that I gave
him a hug and he gave me a kiss like
like a what crazy what kiss on my cheek
and then I don't know where took his
glasses off and said keemstar is the
best youtuber alive and kiss I will
knock you out in the first round and I
looked I'm like like I didn't even want
to react in a way where like I didn't
want to violate or I didn't want to
cause nothing so I'm like kiss I would
not knock me out
first around I would knock his butt in
the first round well actually Lohan is
gonna knock his butt on the first round
me and a whole team we're gonna go see
it out August 25th and Manchester we're
coming back and keeps our is not the
best youtuber alive deaf not if anything
he's the worst youtuber but he ended up
being cool cuz he was part of like troll
station or something like and that being
cool and that was the only reason why I
was just like you know I was just cool
about it I'm like you know like whatever
but at the same time I was thinking in
my head like people actually suffer
through that disability so it's I don't
know like it's only people I don't know
people who enjoy that humor but I don't
I don't really enjoy that humor but as I
said I didn't really want to cause
something crazy you know I didn't want
to cause something Wow and at the same
time he didn't even like him sorry he
didn't like his sign he literally told
me that he said that so they can repost
it you guys know how keemstar is he
tries to make everyone look bad well
everyone that's not in his team look bad
whoever's on his team he never makes
them look bad it kind of sucks because
he's like the actual news on YouTube
which sucks that there's a biased person
I'm like there's a Fox 2 News on YouTube
but before his video goes up imma show
you guys my footage that I had which is
right here
JMP that's right yeah
so yeah I don't really know how to feel
and I want you guys to let me know in
the comments below how would you guys
feel because slim hit me up some was
like you're slim was just like he would
have like so you guys let me know in the
comments below like how would you guys
have reacted like I reacted in like in a
civil way I you know like a professional
way out there I mean I was kind of like
tight because like you know I didn't
like the way he was you know thinking
it's a joke because literally as I told
you guys my whole team you know each
show we always meet people who actually
do have disabilities and like you know
we love to you know make you guys more
special because you know there's even
people in my family who are you know you
who suffered through a lot and you
always got to give them you know that
special you know that special love you
know what I'm saying it's all good I
just wanted you guys to know because I
think he's gonna upload the video like
I'm interested to see the video like he
ended up being nice and even told me the
show was sick he said the light mistake
I hope he at least enjoy the show thank
you for coming through manchester's
might be crazy after that's going
Bradford then I believe his Newcastle
Sheffield and we going to the fireman
after that's gonna be lesser Birmingham
and then London August 31st I cannot get
out wait thank you guys so much my love
and support you guys have been showing
so much love seriously this tour has
been going amazing not as easy right
here like 5:00 a.m. on the phone still
doing business stuff but literally you
create how was it today noisy Glasgow
see like it what do you think about the
guy who pranked us why
you know I was thinking the same well
you got them did you see him during his
show or not no the ones that live in
because when he came in
yeah security no no way so either we get
tickets not he is the boy that it was
with him ticket and he didn't have a
ticket
wow that's pretty damn ants you just got
here
that's crazy rare I guess yeah I guess
he got his way to going the city made a
success at the end of the day if you
really turn blind like well how would
you feel you know if you actually did
turn you know actual blind you wouldn't
you know be messing around like that but
it's all good no we're ending the vlog
here for you guys enjoy bye
make sure you give it a thumbs up to me
gang Manchester tomorrow stay tuned is
about to be a movie thank you guys so
much for the support I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace alike
