what's up guys I got the whole squad
over here why you guys like it so sleepy
dad wake up hey guys what's up at Duma
gang I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you should be
having an amazing blessed day
I just woke up and I am so so tired I'm
so jet-lagged and flight yesterday was
so delayed we got home late at night
since we had to stop in North Carolina
wait there for three hours I felt like
we went to a different country and came
back but hamdullah I back home today is
gonna be a whole home vlog so I hope you
guys are okay with the indoor homes
Adams family like who is it
I'm so happy these people they distract
me
I have even spoke to you guys about the
movie American true I know there's a lot
of you asking what's American Sharia
American Sharia is a movie the first
Islamic comedy movie anyone can go watch
it by the way not just Muslims it's a
Muslim and non-muslim movie that you can
watch and learn a lot from it it is one
of the most amazing moves I did not
expect like I didn't I expected it to be
like amazing because Omer Egan is the
producer director and he's an amazing
amazing guy has such a creative mind
mashallah but when I watched it I was
like wow like there's so much stuff that
I didn't even know I was gonna happen
like that every message every like every
lesson and message that everyone in the
world tries to spread it's in that movie
and the most in the most like in the
most creative coolest funniest most most
amazing way you guys have to watch a lot
of people that have been judging it and
not giving a chance and like watching
the trailer and judging it by the
trailer we haven't watched the movie
when you watch the movie trust me there
was there was chefs there was Imams
watching the movie and loving it and
enjoying it it was so amazing it's just
seeing people was seeing me like my
first featured movie was so amazing so
I'm just like I'm literally like
speechless I did not even know what to
say just seeing that so I want to say
thank you a lot for everything for
blessing me with all the success
seriously like I'm I've been feeling so
happy like like they're nothing like I
feel like every day I want to thank a
lot and thank you guys think my parents
thank my whole family everybody's like
you guys haven't shown so much love so
so much for that seeing seeing me like
seeing me see people watch me on the big
screen like was a bit was like legit
like a movie theater people watching me
that was just like a dream come true so
thank you guys so much for all the love
support what's up guys I got the whole
squad over here why you guys like it so
sleepy dad wake up
how are you my son how are you man how
are you okay how are you Dina yeah this
is good how are you hiding awesome
how are you holding okay what you guys
doing in my room I did it no I didn't no
one invited you no one invited you Dina
she's so what what'd she say Wow
what does what I mean serious what does
what I mean
okay Reema what does one let me you guys
series what does well I mean I mean you
have to be honest when you say Woma if
you lies here hold on don't want to wait
pastel yeah yeah I love it as wellnot me
the truth no you can still lie and say
well no but you can some people still
lie and say well ah but this one that
means basically I swear it to God but
it's not good to always say it okay okay
so tell us what does wala mean who told
you mean you're lying you told yourself
that what does well love me
what does all of you well let me swallow
Dean Izadi - right good every cop Adina
trebla for Dina good job
everybody stares down can we do me gang
kiss give him a kiss you give it down
without with Deena's execute kiss hey
that was out I don't want to put your
thumbs up like this now put your thumbs
up in the air like you just don't care
and if you want do me gang to give this
video a thumbs up say oh yeah do me gig
you guys will not believe this seriously
I'm supposed to make a video promoting
this whole like 3-day city total UK tour
but now like I've been told not to even
make the video because everything has
been sold out which is another thing
that makes those speeches it's so crazy
like the past few days I've been so
crazy and having told you guys about it
and I feel like I have to talk to you
guys and I have to vent to you guys
meant to someone about I know some of
you guys don't like me talking so much
I'm sorry I'm gonna talk today this is
just crazy you guys sold out o to Arena
you guys sold out the Manchester United
Football Club
you guys sold out Birmingham at Town
Hall which is like oh my god in less
than an hour they told me you have sold
out the VIPs in less than 30 seconds
that's what I say to the people who have
extra tickets just for the sake of it
try to give it out to the people who
don't have tickets don't sell it I'm
saying that as don't sell as all free
tickets give it off your extra ones will
be really cool if you give it out it's
going to be one amazing show it's
probably gonna be the biggest I think it
is gonna be the biggest tour that I'm
ever having and the crazy thing is all
free free of charge so everyone is
welcome you guys do not have tickets I'm
just telling you this now just try you
know you can try and sneak in you know
come to the back and just like now I'm
just joking because I'm working with the
Metropolitan Police and I trying to get
together and I'm just joking try to
sneak in you look for somewhere like you
know like do you go in get the other
ticket and be like yeah this is my
second three moments are called here box
what's it called you by its peel box not
cure box do you know what's it called
what's a cup and I'm putting this part
rima to it
do you know what's it called gum gum are
you guys ready to see what's in a box
okay you know so what does fragile means
slowly slowly this fragile spire becomes
beautiful oh there's the note you got to
know wow that looks beautiful that is
beautiful bismillah it's from Xena Rima
became whole the time it's from Xena
calligraphy thank you so much Dana if it
is beautiful this is amazing oh my these
kids what you guys doing it if you guys
want to send us anything to our peal box
it is Adam Safi box 6 3100 to 9 new york
new york and this is from netherlands
her name is Imani wow that is amazing
with that is sick that is so sick what I
learned from Adam stop wow this is
amazing we would never read it and it
says of you oh my god then you open it
up it's got their first page you can add
a first of all I hope you're doing fine
my name is Imani I'm 22 and I'm from and
I'm law student I think also one of the
oldest dummies out there not you're not
one of the oldest trust me mom my mom my
mom is a big what do you be eating
cookies mom
big adieu me she's much older son oh my
god that is sick thank you so much I'm
Annie
thank you so much undercover Duchy now I
know who you are thank you always smile
it feels so this is like so official
how'd you do this
how'd you do this Adam you light up my
world like nobody else the way that you
flip your egg gets me oh yeah this is
like oh you guys get a huge thumbs up
for this do you guys get so much this is
oh my god beautiful this is so amazing
thank you for everything I thank you so
much for everything to me I don't think
you see I see I don't know how you guys
learn for me like oh no all right no
you're Adam I made just to give you 1%
back from what you gave me will happen
you know what do you say Dena do you
know what you do just kiss the book let
your dreams be bigger than your fears
your action Dina
maybe this this is like this is like oh
this is so inspirational from the bottom
of my heart I want to thank you for
being with me all the way for never
leaving me and for loving me this is Wow
like this is just so like Oh everybody
say thank you a money
thank you adieu me gang
and at dummy I'm sorry for the whole the
whole mess in the back I know this is
really really random but some of you
guys tweeted me this and I decided to
share it on the vibe because it's so
scary my not so late and I don't know I
just want you guys I'm scared I feel
like I need to talk to the camera
because when I'm talking to the camera
I'm talking to you guys so I don't feel
alone or anything but the song with
Fetty WAP called six seven nine at
around the beginning of the song you can
hear him say I'm a devil worshiper I
don't know if he's really saying that
but it sounds like it and it is really
scary and don't watch it don't watch it
at night or anything like that's really
really scary listen listen closely you
guys tell me in the comments below if
you guys did hear I'm a devil worshiper
I'm a plate for you guys I think I heard
it but I don't know let's see here that
I don't know if you guys missed it I'm
gonna do it again right right ready go
hear that I think it's our devil
worshiper it's really really scary I
don't know why some of these songs these
days have like this weird weird stuff or
you just if it's just a coincident it's
like random people just seeing them but
it is really really creepy and another
random thing I don't know I'm not
supposed to say this but the pictures
that I took the photo show that I had
about a month ago the boxer model thing
photoshoot all the photos are out I feel
like I did a whole photo shoot for like
nothing like I just wasted my time so I
might just post a picture this week but
I'm not gonna show the whole like gonna
show from like up my upper body and the
pictures are looking so so dope so I'm
gonna upload one and if you guys do like
that picture I'll probably upload more I
don't know guys it's time all right guys
it's time to make peace alright guys
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care
okay
okay
