dumi gang what is poppin we just got to
Edinburgh it's like an hour away from
Glasgow this is my first time ever here
we just got done eating breakfast we're
about to head there right now today's
just a meet-and-greet so I cannot wait
to me every single one you guys know
seriously huge shout-out to the homie
Emmy yo man like hospitalities insane to
much a desert road this is what I've
been eating so much like dessert at like
20 she says yesterday I had like how
many meals but we have so much news how
much because we had like like yo thank
you seriously I appreciate it man guys
we're here look at this car man there's
like how much space there's in this car
you know this is why I loved rolls
voices you got so much space here
crazy good you know so much speech yeah
look how much space is in what kind of
Rolls Royce is this is the
long-wheelbase found I don't know much
about cars but you heard we said the
fandom Jaden long what love is long wow
this is crazy
it's like a first-class seat like it a
plane you mind it to the show Adam
probably gonna see you guys in the next
shop
well it just closed by yourself that's
crazy Michelle look this is crazy look
what's it's like a little mini bar you
could just put those drinks in there
that's TV guys we just pulled up to the
meet agree everyone's organized every
one right here I don't think I see me
Blakeley and goes all the way down there
and around DJ it so just zoom in on his
face does he see me or no this is the
way I'm gonna be right here huh I'm
ready to go I'm ready yeah hey guys I'm
ready to meet everyone right now I'm
gonna be a lot of you guys right now
like literally like 200 250 of you so I
cannot cannot wait I'll see you guys I
know what your name
Lila guys Lila I came to the meeting
group meeting the poem like she brought
this phone but I got you promise we're
gonna take like I'm gonna give you like
a good quality picture and I'm saying so
we're gonna take a picture of my
Instagram story right yes is that okay
all right sounds good
I just spent my day here she's so shy
why you're shy and she got some sick
look at this deal this is dope keep
doing what you do best making everybody
smile much love from Scotland thank you
so much like she even typed like me they
always like write extra letters and
stuff like that thank you so much Matt
are you guys together yes where I got so
shy look I just met the most beautiful
family seriously say what's up hi how
you guys doing you guys doing good thank
you guys so much for coming through who
wants a vlog for me you hold the camera
and just say whatever say whatever you
want to say you tell them tell them
how's Edinburgh amazing and give us one
back the bottom row any cold and I
brought no jacket so after this I'm
gonna get jackets we just met the mini
gnar's right here look at this you know
many knives knives easy
we found a mini Naz easy minute no
Edinboro you guys your accents is like
so hard to understand but like I'm
working on it it sounds American a
little bit some stuff you gotta say I
was American
I'm here with a VE be say what up how
you doing no no no she gave me the best
thing ever man guess what it is it's
days man I got a date thank you so much
for today
I'm tomorrow so I'm giving eating a lot
of dates Mike man let me see you know my
dates you know
what a sword guys look here is adorable
what's your name Eden Eden hi Eden
what's up Eton he's so cute how does he
5 months why so cute much that he's like
Ali's hey how you guys doing hey what's
up you guys doing good what's up yeah
you need to show me some moves man you
need to show me some dance moves man
guys we saw the Flies man here in
Scotland what's your name hey Yong Yong
I like your chain man looks dope
look at this got the chain on and on
said how do you like Jamaa he's a mad
side as this track is coming out real
soon look I got flowers thank you so
much Boise name again
Frey on you Alicia thank you guys see
now your accent sounds american shagging
Alicia see that sounds American guys we
just got done with the meet-and-greet it
was an amazing amazing time literally I
was doing cartwheels meeting you guys I
got to talk with you guys I got the
chills you guys Edinboro you guys showed
a lot a lot of love Glasgow is tomorrow
I cannot wait a lot of you guys who are
here in Edinburgh who came today are
coming actually to Glasgow which is only
an hour away so I'm gonna see you guys
tomorrow once again everyone is wrapping
it up we're gonna head out see ya next
wrap your huge shout out to one you guys
you guys gave me this sweater right here
this is dope but right now after the
show the homie Amy just brought it to
this view look at this view this is
Edinburgh man look at this look who's
Castle was that good
I want the Queen's castle you can see
right there hey Queen Queen Elizabeth
look out the window I'm here Kiki do me
gang I just got back to my hotel here in
Glasgow it's time for the diss track a
new beginning I finally got the file
that Jamel sent me took me so long man
like I'm already thinking of this isn't
roasts arose to you because he took so
long man you're a freaking baby giman
you're nine years old you're not you're
not a big boy you're just a little kid
man like you have to know that you're a
little baby I mean you're getting there
you're almost ten years old but you man
you still nine men so come at me boy but
a doobie gang it's timing about me right
now is slamming about me roasting Jamel
or saying anything my Jamel it's about
Jamel roasting me and the do me gang and
if you guys do not know the reason why
he's roasting us because he felt like
that he just needed to do it because
before he said that he was gonna roast
us he never done it and he seemed like a
punk so I guess now he ended up doing it
with the help of Hamza also I believe
how does it help them out with the
lyrics so you guys are gonna watch it
I'm gonna watch it with you guys I'll
give you guys my opinion after yes I'm a
criticize their diss track and see if
it's actually good because I feel like
that's the reason why Japan is coming at
me thinking he's biggie small
they're to Pakistan Djem a time you like
little Tay you're like literally the boy
version of Lotte actually like you don't
really flex like that but still I know
you're the roastmaster but like why why
you gotta come out of smudgey I don't
get it but a do me game I know a lot of
you guys love Jamaat he also loves you
guys a lot too mama let's watch it and
I'll give up my personal real opinion
after and I'll rate it 1 through 10 so
yeah jamak I'm reading your diss track
and we'll see how it is so I enjoyed the
diss track it is right that was up
before you guys watch it thumbs up I
want you guys oh you guys thumbs up to
the manager man he worked very well on
it I still love you even though you
dissed me out and you know my rotted
eyes my nume yang talking to the hope
you don't get you back soon Bhama here
it is thumbs up
this is the baby's growth is hard this
time me I'll break your heart or
Michelle make that times three you can't
wait to me remains only five feet from I
come back are you sipping tea wait man
tell me you're right it looks ugly
I'm trying to be funny or you're right a
bad love meter mama me sorry no offense
but she's in your damn in any and
exactly what's on your pillow after this
listen nobody in the doing anyway doing
nothing about it
mad one baby for one out of ten next
time also all on YouTube maybe is the
dress
my mom got my phone to my mom love you
give me that my phone
I don't I don't even know what to say
like I'm gonna give my honest opinion
about this track one through ten I'll
give it like I'll give it like a seven
and a half out of ten and you guys gotta
get you got rated to wear me down below
leave it in the comments but I give it
like a seven and a half only because
first of all I'm pretty sure happens
that told you these disses to diss me
out and I'm 5 feet saying Oh Adam is
this I don't know whatever you saying
I'm peeing my bed what the heck I do not
pee my bed first of all 25 years old so
don't be spreading if saying I peed my
bed second of all I'm not 5 feet tall
I'm actually 58 inches well actually 5
feet 7 and a half but you can pretty
much say it's 5 feet and shez and
roasted why why coming out like why
would you like literally go on my
Twitter and choose the replies or the
people on Twitter and try to roast them
like it was pretty dope buying a lot
like it was pretty unique done' but like
just for that i think that's the only
reason why i'm gonna come straight back
at you bother i think is this seven and
a half out of 10 I love your effort like
you get a participation award you got an
F or good whoo good job you did it you
did a good job for 9 year old baby you
knows it I'll keep you guys updated with
everything I'm probably gonna FaceTime
him tomorrow and talk to him a lot more
because I believe now Hamza is coming
out with part 2 like he told me he's
coming out with part 2 and there's like
actually 10 parts and they want to like
every social media like sniper like
these people which are my family like or
literally coming at me making this track
like he enjoys doing it and why boy like
you guys you're 13 times upon man like
you should just be actually I'd rather
you be doing this tracks and playing for
night every single day and ordering food
uber eats from my account
haha exposed not but seriously times
that you can come at me whenever you can
it sound like I'm understanding where
you're saying anyways haha come without
you
shots fire do be getting I'll see you
guys tomorrow Glasgow show is about to
be a crazy poppin show you guys new jobs
blog make sure you guys give it a thumbs
up and go turkey after dad's gonna be
Manchester Bradford Leicester and
Birmingham Newcastle Sheffield and
London cannot wait to see every single
you guys all the information is in the
link in the description see you guys
tomorrow
take care and face
