hey guys what's up and do me yank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day it do me gig the UK tour
starts tomorrow one more day to go I am
already in the UK I just teleported from
New York City it's about to be a crazy
dope time we're starting off the tour in
Edinburgh and it's Glasgow and
Manchester Bradford Sheffield Newcastle
Birmingham Leicester and then London a
doobie game all the information is in
the link in the description or you can
follow me on my Instagram
Adam Sala he'll keep you guys updated
with everything with times a dress it's
gonna be an amazing amazing time we do
have an update about the tour I'll tell
you guys more about that when I have a
phone call with fouseytube
but for now I want to try the three
finger challenge there's this challenge
going on literally it's like dividing
the whole internet where people use
three fingers and they go like this and
you have to like twist there or
something like that this is my first
time trying it so do me angry see how go
all right so this soccer player named le
Ollie he started this challenge because
he scored a goal and then he like looked
to the crowd and went like this and then
twisted it in awhile like that I don't
know something like that but I've been
watching a lot of you guys a lot of
strangers doing this challenge and I'm
trying to learn to do it you know from
them I see you go like this and then how
about that alright so you first you go
like this okay okay let me pause this I
pose it up there alright so you go like
this first now let's see the next move
and then how would I do I can you take
out my shades I like this and then like
oh my god someone needs to teach you me
this is so hard but I feel like it looks
so easy if I get to know how to do it
but it just seems so hard I like this
maybe it'll work in my left hand let's
try it there's three finger challenge
and then oh this is gonna be tight if
you look closely their hand is kind of
twisted like that like hello Blake
alright hello oh did I get it did I get
it no okay I'm a shot one last time but
I promise you guys this week I'm gonna
get it alright like this and then did I
get it I don't know like this and then
oh my god yeah no I need to learn how to
do this man I need to know like this is
just I just need to know how to do it I
mean it's not that important to me
advice I just need to learn how to
come on Milly guys don't try the
challenge at home and it hurts your
wrist
I guess I'm never gonna know how to do
this issue man like you know what this
goes like yo I know what can teach me
how to do this if anyone knows how to do
this please tweet me my Twitter's OMG
adam sala please let me know do me yeah
I'm relying on you guys to help me know
how to do this challenge usually I can
do any challenge but like this one I
don't know how to do it man like I'm not
talented enough like what is this tweet
me and let me know it do me a also dunia
if you guys do not know there's a few
countries I believe it's Denmark I don't
know if Australia is in it but it's a
few countries where they're trying to
ban the butakov you guys do not know
what stupid car but cuz like a knockoff
it's like this one woman dressed like
this so they're trying to ban a woman
from wearing a burka like why would you
bid why don't you bid someone from Wanga
put a car like my mom where's Booker
sometimes some of my cousins wear vodka
and it's not really like a big deal it's
part of a religion and it's also
cultural sometimes like there's nothing
wrong with wearing a bootcut but these
countries I believe Denmark like I've
been to Denmark so like come on like
Denmark yourself with you man why I
trying to bend the bootcut man like I
was getting to go to you guys to on tour
it's a Copenhagen there's literally
protestors outside with signs saying to
ban the book and the funny thing is look
at this is doom yeah you guys ready
these are the protesters who are trying
to ban the bucha this is one picture
right here and this is another picture
right there look closely do you guys see
anything ironic or is it just me I look
really closely into these pictures right
just look closely do you guys see
something that looks similar to a
freakin Bukka like brought home eg
you're freaking
well bro you try to bend the book looks
like you're wearing a book on yourself
matter of fact put your bald head I
think you need to completely wear the
book this is just so ironic and just so
stupid it kind of doesn't really make
sense if you're trying to ban it why
does it look like you're wearing one and
that's how you know the people who are
protesting are just dumb they know
nothing about culture they know nothing
about Islam they know nothing probably
about any other religion but themselves
and they're probably surrounded with
just hate in their body and they
probably have nothing else to do but to
go out and protest to ban to put even
the little kid you can see that a little
kid like you did did your mom or dad
dress you what did they put that on you
like if you look closely if you zoom in
closely it looks like he's wearing a
frickin mass but I really hope they do
not ban the burqa this is just really
stupid you could just know that the
people they're just so illiterate like
they do not know anything like what's
man like seriously I thought Trump was
done like they actually make Trump look
good seriously there's so much stuff
that I always like row spot like on the
internet on social media and so much
stuff that I want to talk about but I
don't really tweet much I don't really
mention it in vlogs but you know what
from now on I'm a tweet it out I'm gonna
speak my freaking mind I'm gonna be
vlogging it roasting them I don't care
and it do me if you guys want me to
speak my mind freely because freedom of
speech thumbs up this video and I'll be
citing my thoughts out even more it's
just that sometimes I think in my head
like I don't know I don't want to
mention it because I just feel like
people are gonna judge me and what I do
and what I say I don't care it's my
thoughts and I'm pretty damn sure
there's so many more people that agree
with me with a lot of stuff that I think
so do me I promise you guys I'm gonna be
letting my thoughts out a lot more and I
want you guys to always let our thoughts
a lot more to not just to me to everyone
around the world always say your opinion
do not hold in yourself that you want to
say because I've been like that for the
past few months I've just been holding
in whatever thoughts that I have and
just ignoring it I feel like I should
just always let my thoughts up because
it's funny you know if you get to talk
we get to chill we get to you know have
fun you know get to Rosie's illiterate
uneducated ignorant people who just look
dumb saying ban the burqa also do me
Aang let's get right into the news
actually this isn't fake news this is
actually real news hey this track will
officially be out tomorrow I promise you
guys it will be out tomorrow war loss I
said what look Jim as this track on me
and you guys are dooming Hank will be
out tomorrow 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time 8
p.m. UK time so while I'm in Edinburgh
it will be out so be ready for that
because imma yeah we pretty much got
roasted and some of you guys got roasted
on Twitter should I give you guys
another preview you know what I'll give
you guys another piece it's not feeling
good today I'm gonna give you guys
another piece right here this is the
roast of Adam and a do me gang are you
gonna have your own game you ain't tough
y'all babies yes sir do me gang so that
was a month I was a little preview I
gave you guys another preview yesterday
so this is a new preview but the
official official diss track is getting
to be out tomorrow 3 p.m. so stay tuned
with that and now it's time for an
announcement that I gotta talk to you
guys about do me again so as you guys
know in the beginning of this whole
world tour it was just gonna be me it
was gonna be a chapter to Adam Sol a
world tour you know going Australia UK
Middle East Europe America
Canada all around the world there was
gonna be a chapter two which is my debut
album Adam Sala World Tour and then a
few months later me and Yusuf aka
fouseytube aka rose he asked me to be on
the tour with me and I kindly said yes
atom meets pussy tour we came up with
that who's gonna do his motivational
speaking he did the Australia tour with
me and now the announcement is he will
not be attending the UK tour I'll be
talking to him on FaceTime right now on
video so ah let's get it all right guys
I'm here with YouTube user say what up
what's up what's up I miss you man I
miss you what's up the sleeping no I
know that was fun that's fun I mean I'm
actually in London right now we're
heading to in a few hours we're going to
Scotland eight hours drive yeah I know
yes you're supposed to be here yeah yeah
yes yes sir I already said a little bit
like we're gonna be given a phone call
and we're gonna be explaining explaining
too and it's just going to be always was
and then I'm going to of course
everybody knows you know my own personal
stuff working on my stuff so at this
point in time I just felt like it would
be better that I don't attend but the
issue is it should have been announced a
long time ago but again there's a lot of
like he say she say details I just don't
need to be brought up right now you fail
me I feel you I feel you and I really
hope you're doing like well like
health-wise with everything you and your
grandmother that's the main thing right
now shows but next time we come back
we'll be doing stadiums in your cities
and not just auditorium yeah I haven't
know like what's what's going soon
that's like literally like three weeks
I missed you soon bro see I hope you are
ma enjoy time at Cali
make sure your grandma is good and I
hope you're good and that's the main
thing keep smilin
literally cheering you on you have
energy you have a gift double voice and
you are out of song for a reason alright
guys as you guys heard it fousey will
not be attending this UK tour this tour
will be as it was before Adam Sala
Chapter two my love and prayer goes out
to his grandma I really hope she's doing
well and you said I really hope
everything is going well with everything
and Justin oh I'm still gonna be turning
up in this tour if anything I have more
time with you guys to see all your faces
to me every single one you guys I'll
keep you guys updated with everything if
you guys want to know more info on
location place it's all gonna be in the
description down below so make sure you
guys come out come through this is my
first-ever chapter to debut album UK
tour and most of all I can't wait to
have fun with you guys also another big
news I haven't really announced this or
anything yet but if you guys do not know
I actually will be attending the ksi
versus Logan fight Shh I'll keep you
guys updated with everything just know
that this week is gonna be a movie so if
you guys want to come out have fun crazy
memories come through Adam brah Glasgow
Sheffield Leicester Birmingham Bradford
Newcastle Leicester and London bring
your friends bring your friends friends
bring your friends friends families
friends and let's have some fun to do
meet you guys enjoy his blog make sure
you guys give it a giant thumbs up hey
go Turkey I'll see you guys tomorrow
what did this track and I'll see you
guys in person tomorrow in Edinburgh
take care and peace
