so he explained to me a little bit of
wet why not and this whole thing why his
face is like this well actually his neck
is like stiff and cricket is because of
fortnight
a Duma gang the homie Hamza just got
rushed to the emergency room just now he
is not feeling well literally his whole
neck he cannot move his upper body I'll
keep you guys updated with everything he
just once at a hospital he's with his
parents
Lawson there's bigger crazier things
happening than you sayin what's up hams
is in the hospital because he was being
bad like you and then now he's in the
hospital that's how you make kids be
good I hope you are having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
if I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy yeah
are you guys like always together
do me a Qui you guys are watching there
is two days left till the UK tour two
days to do beginning the link is in the
description down below I'll keep you
guys updated in my instrument my
Instagram is right here I'll be doing a
lot of stories in the UK follow me on my
Easter gonna have to stay updated I
cannot wait to turn over Thal you guys I
cannot wait to meet all you guys I can
always have fun with you guys seriously
I'm gonna spend this next week or two
during tour is having a crazy chill out
with every single one you guys and just
have a crazy blast you guys do not
understand how happy I am to see you
guys even though right now it should be
sad because Hamza just got rushed to the
hospital like so much stress is going
out like I wish I was a kid again I wish
I was more since age man you know I got
a question for you guys you guys would
want to be one age for the rest of your
life what age would that be I would love
to be three years old for the rest of my
life what would you guys be twenty-one
years old thirty years old ten years old
let me know in the comments below maybe
twenty-one sounds good but three also
sounds good because this is what three
Oh does eats Cheetos and just walks
around with no worry in his life look
just nothing going out what let me see
the Drake dance look at Mawson Adina's
Drake this let me see Deena what the
hell dance yeah hey yeah let me see
yours guys this is literally my last
moment seeing Ali until after the UK
tour Ali I'm gonna miss you a baby I'm
gonna miss you so much sorry sorry sorry
okay Rima do you know the house is in
hospital right now because that's what
he gets
doing a backtrack I knew good hey Baba
Sava can I give you a hug because I'm
leaving to the UK
yeah wait tonight tomorrow morning
tomorrow morning thank you so much but I
can't wanna kill it for you because
gonna give you because I'm not yeah as I
was saying Reema even if he was trying
to do with this track on us I still kind
of feel bad he's in the hospital like
you know like okay he's thankfully a lot
literally my whole family complains to
Hamza because all he does is play for
night literally that's all he does you
know like I genuinely feel bad he needs
to like chill out man I'm a filming once
he comes back from the emergency room
geladas here Jamel how does it feel for
your partner crown to be in the hospital
Hamza why is that look at him you feel
sad but like here take your son hi baby
take it boy take it why do you cry for
me when I give him a kiss huh your Papa
doesn't like your beer you like my beard
what your beard is so cute yo Jay man
who you lookin cute for man busy out
what about Hamza huh are you gonna cry
I'm Sarah know why he's in hospital
oh I doesn't even play for me you know
Suzy I cannot wait to houses back cuz I
want to talk to him about this I never
seen anything like this in my life
someone go into the emergency room
because of playing for night but anyways
to do me gang we're about to head to the
mall once we come back to the mall
that's when Hamza is gonna come back and
I'll keep you guys updated with that I
know the discharge supposed to be
released today but it might be released
tomorrow instead because Hamza is in the
emergency room he is not I don't know if
you guys noticed but in the video
yesterday like his neck was moving kind
of weird and now it's even worse like he
cave and move anything at all like his
whole upper body is like really stiff
because before tonight I'll keep you
guys updated with everything with that
tones the end of line but for now we're
going to the mall see you guys in the
next
yeah it's actually shot not shot shot
with a teeth not shop with a pea sure do
me gang I just got to the mall what's up
man how's it going you don't good at
each other
yeah I'm shopping for some glasses right
now I'm with Dina on this cop car Dina
what's up what are you doing here in a
patrol car this is what we got to do to
make her well-behaved do you know gonna
give me a ticket
for what I'm a good boy don't give me a
ticket yo guys I saw my brother man this
is this is brother he inspired me so
much thank you I appreciate just one
being on YouTube when I started first
getting to Islam I watched a brother
brother inspired me some ways just doing
with his family I'm just every
everything I would not even think I
would pop in 20 rate one I swear to you
man just the inspiration of just
everything but you were doing man you
know by me so much so are you Muslim now
yes you converted I converted to Muslim
you know how we do ya know the evil is
an area I like that of course so we try
to fight the evilness and stay pure to
ourselves on a personal matter what
color you are hundred percent we
straight bow to Allah yep and we are
brothers but got me my Dave man I made
my day bow so I got those glasses cuz I
officially lost my pink ones this is why
I do not take the kids out man oh my god
what are you guys doing hey get down mus
and get that you're not supposed to do
that
get down no you're not get off the car I
say get off the car okay i'ma go faster
look at them oh my god bad kids
everywhere
dumi ganks to the homie Hamza he just
got back from the emergency room Bristol
watch what I say are you okay
you fine so he explained to me a little
bit a wet one on and this whole thing
why his face is like this well actually
his neck is like safe and cricket is
because of fortnight this dude has been
playing video games the past two three
months every single day for like hours
and I know a lot of people out there
ninja myth even people who don't even
stream they play for tonight like hours
and hours every single day this is why I
stopped playing a little bit because I
noticed it's really addictive and you
start playing for so long and you don't
even notice that it's like hour is going
by so hasn't played for night for so
long to the point where his neck is
literally stuff and he couldn't move it
to the poetry you have to go to the
emergency room and the first thing the
doctor said what did she say stop
playing video games she said stop
playing video games finally you know I'm
gonna see about four o'clock in the
morning yeah manacle Jaden so I'm gonna
see if I wake up I started it in two
months how many hours do you play a date
be honest how many hours I don't know a
lot like how many like what do you think
give an average amount of hours out for
a night that you play so people could
compare live five six hours a day
mmm-hmm oh my god and you stand like
into position over your like you stand
like this like where like your neck is
not like comfortable right yeah buddy
guna why what is it were they hey look
at this now and what did they tell you
the emergency room for everything like
to get a cure than everything what did I
say well this is for the muscles are
tight right now yeah such a bad how and
what did the doctor say for you take the
beginning like medicine medication type
of cream some type of cream does it hurt
a lot yeah can you even move your head
like kidding man this way I can but I
noticed that yesterday's video were you
doing the message to the diss track you
know were you giving them a warning to
do me game your face was like like you
couldn't even move and I was noticing
I'm like what's going on why is his face
like that I didn't really think of it
and literally today he went to the
emergency room went to the hospital and
he's bugging out he needed to go to the
hospital and I don't know whether to
laugh or feel bad because this is from
for tonight for night cause this man
like my whole family's bugging out
they're trying to take away my
playstation 4 they're trying to take
away my freakin TV because you're
playing on my account man your weapon
oh my god can you like chalk chalk move
your head around no just over here let's
try moving around this telling me I can
do a little what the heck are you good
off through well I'll be fine
you sure I feel bad when I feel so so
bad but seriously the real message of
this video is to not play video games
that long every single day like take a
little break or go play like basketball
boxing soccer you know any other sport
because I feel like four night is just
ruining people's life literally man like
seeing that I've never seen anything
like this like this dude cannot move his
head because he's playing for night so
much how would it feel about touch it
here would hurt enough yes oh my god
would it cause it was so that's just
about I was like this the whole time so
nice to go with that so you would play
literally just like your neck at the
same position and then when did you
start feeling pain yesterday when I was
in the video when I'm here and then
today was the most pain oh my god I
don't even know what to say like I'm
speechless
I never knew something like this can
even like happens from video games till
today never in my 25 years of life it's
literally insane so Hamza I'm sorry I'm
sorry I really hope you feel better and
I really hope you stop playing before
night and start focusing on other things
you should literally go to the gym man
you're old enough to go to the gym now
go outside go you know go out more often
stop playing for night like that man and
this is a serious message to everyone
out there like seriously stop playing
video games that long do not play that
long unless you're a ninja or like myth
or something like that but who knows
maybe they go through the same thing
but I just feel really sad and really
hurt from my own nephew chilling you
know to go through this I feel bad for
you man but at the same time I'm still
like it's like I just feel like grabbing
you and putting you in a headlock and
just go like that because I kept on
telling you stop being on my bed stop
being in my room playing for a night
every single day this is what happens
man like your neck just turned stiff and
like he wrong with this whole everyone's
going a quick how do you sleep hey you
sleeping are you good though yeah sure
mmm hey I got your back don't worry
about the diss track though about it
down nose what's the film in everything
take jamadar you got I like that
but right now do me gang I really hope
guys give you a prayer settle homie
hands that because he was kind of
worried when he went to the emergency
room he thought was something else like
it was like something else but the first
thing the doctor said was stop playing
video games this is from video games to
be more specific
it's from for night so how's that give
you a hug yeah you're good you're good
mommy I love you got a citizen going you
just I'm not gonna Rossi backing up like
you good I'm not your right now Raji
Adam uses a little baby obviously you
can learn in future lady dumaguete while
I got the machete
well I ever just me man I'm crazy Oh Mac
let me toast on Twitter
