are you okay my darling yes
hey guys what's up it do me gank I hope
you all are doing great hey what's up
Boston say hi alright good job I see how
you guys do not know it is Muslims
birthday tomorrow so well September 2nd
so I'm gonna be celebrating
rimas birthday I was do you hello I do
me gang I hope you all are doing great
today I am here gonna be starting this
not so ratchet party we are done with
the ratchet birthday parties right now
we are here to present you guys our
first ever ever not so ratchet party my
fellow do me gang I'm here today to
surprise Rima right now I got her this
Cadillac Escalade a pink kind of like
Barbie Escalade that I went through the
world to get her it was crazy bringing
this over you had to rent a truck the
police literally we're trying to it's
okay because I'm not so ratchet because
the police will always help me whenever
I'm not so ratchet so a huge shout out
to the police for helping me out and a
huge shout out for my dad for being
extra ratchet when I was fixing the car
I did not know how to fix it I did not
know how to read the instructions and he
called me stupid he told me that I'll go
to school for no reason but it's okay
because it was all worth it three hours
of fixing this car but I'm gonna be
calling it my table and I'm gonna bring
out Rima and surprise her but before I
surprise her we're gonna have a not so
ratchet party I hope you all are excited
aren't you guys excited doming hang you
guys are not you guys want a ratchet
party come on who wants a ratchet party
why do you wanna rock your party we're
gonna have a not so ratchet party and
I'm here too
I'm gonna go get ladies and gentlemen a
duma gang who are watching i present to
you the princess my baby my beauty my
darling no stay over here how are you
darling hey good let me turn on the
light real quick ok are you ok my
darling
yeah yes that is our table and that is
our chocolate milk and some cookies that
we need to be having tonight are you
excited for this not so ratchet party
why you want it to be ratchet yeah well
darling Rima I am so sorry unfortunately
we're gonna have to celebrate it they're
not so ratchet way ok I just want to
tell you happy birthday here's some
chocolate milk now we're gonna be having
and let's have a toast for the days 1 we
will ratchet it is all done now drink
your chocolate milk are you ready for
our slow dance
excuse me
you know what I am done with you I am
done being ratchet so right now I'm
gonna be stopping this party and I'm
gonna leave I'm gonna be gone
thank you
ratchet item was in when I said put your
hands in the air you put your mother in
here put your hands in here can I get up
oh yeah are you ready to turn up tonight
you're ready the turtle tonight wipe
those tears away baby wipe it off will
made you cry
hold me my baby cry was he you guys huh
who made my baby crowd who lucky you
wanna be back you so much thank you so
much baby girl for coming into my life
seriously you made me into such such a
happy positive guy and I appreciate that
I know you probably don't understand
what I'm saying right now because I'm
speaking fast English and I'm too
ratchet for you but when you grow up and
when you watch this video I really hope
you appreciate it and know how much of
an impact you did in my life Fremont I
love you so much and I just hope our
bond and relationship can continue on
like this baby girl you know what I'm
saying huh thank you all I get is it
thank you that's all what we breaking up
that's it it's over
I'm back I'm listenin what do you want
to say yeah what do you want to tell me
I'll take that there we go Oh
you know it's crazy that she's so happy
when all I got is just like this ratchet
party she doesn't know why I got her but
she's about to find out right now ready
my got a big surprise for you are you
ready close your eyes keep it closed
click that way keep it closed look that
way
close it cover your eyes cover
look that was Mike I'm joking
hop on baby girl hey girl do you want to
go for a ride yeah let's go I really
hope you enjoy your gift any surprise I
love you so much
and I just hope you don't forget Rima
who do you love more me or the car
what better
hi guys we're done here we miss yours do
you know how much stuff I went through
to give you this girl do you know that
you don't know you don't hi guys I
couldn't do it like I couldn't make it
extra extra long because it took me
literally about let's say six seven
hours all together going to get it and
building this thing so this whole week
is gonna be her birthday her and Muhsin
so we're gonna celebrate chill out and
hope you guys enjoyed this not so
ratchet
aka ratchet birthday party you wanna
what okay it's time to wrap up this flag
it has been a hectic long day for me I
love you guys so much take care I'll see
you guys soon
I don't mean that you guys are the
greatest I'll see you guys soon
I love you guys I don't want for Ryan
keep smiling stay positive peace let's
go wrap it up
