I hope it's pineapples please define
apples please be pineapples people eat
pineapples oh my god
do beginning do not even ask me why the
heck do I have a spider-man costume on
pretty much I got sucked in by this kid
to buy a spider-man outfit he bought
himself a firetruck costume I do not
know why he just wants people to wear
costumes in the house I'm gonna wake his
butt up a spider-man listen it's time to
save the day we got some crime to fight
we need to get them there's people out
there getting hurt let's go put on your
fire truck hostile come on go come on
let's go we gotta get the people to
fight it outside let's go let's go yeah
we're gonna go help and save some people
you ready put your pants up let's go
firefighter come on we got to go we
gotta go we gotta save some people do me
go why you Cinderella
I'm freaking spider-man in like a 10
year old costume
Dubey game today we're doing a pizza
challenge we got the dough over here
huge shout out to mama silent for not
making I see that making us this little
thing to make the pizza before we get
this challenge started let me tell you
guys the rules so we have one big pie of
pizza for all of us what's it worth for
myself
you can't the whole thing yourself
himself I know you love food but you
keep the whole baby's relative ones just
me trust me just just keep it one hmmm
Henze you can't eat your own pie you're
not gonna you're not gonna trust me no
you can't be hi how's the coop yo come
on G put it back oh man man we have fire
truck mustn in the building we got comes
that American flag in a building and we
have Cinderella Rima language you're
speaking so these are the rules for the
pizza challenge first we're gonna make
the dough into a whole pie then we're
gonna get the sauce too much sauce then
after that we're gonna put on the cheese
and then after that each of us we're
gonna choose one item from this hat
inside here some of them are good
toppings like pineapple and way to a
hockey and some of them are bad toppings
like sour patch sprinkles battles with
you chocolate chip cookies Nutella
bananas literally there's so much stuff
and we're all gonna choose it out and
that's what we're gonna be eating so you
probably think is nice and tasty but
telling you guys I don't think grapes
could fit you know or bananas be good
huh we get water yeah it do me again
before we get this black star to make
sure you guys give it a giant thumbs up
and do not forget to subscribe because I
upload every single day
I'm spider-man spider-man spider-man
spider-man oh hi guys spread out the
pizza hosted on one side it doesn't
actually either be careful guys you're
he's messing up the whole peanut on the
first verse we're gonna Pat it down I
define it out in macho
alright guys I think we got the dough
ready now let's get the sauce mus and
get the sauce hope he knows what's the
sauce he's only three years old all
right
you knows what's the sauce cuz he got
sauce Thank You firefighter do something
man hello everyone watch their hands
here
yes okay good you wash your hands you
didn't wash your hands bro you didn't
wash your hands
gosh we didn't look germs all over I
freaking doe encephalon while he's
watching his hands we're gonna put some
sauce too much sauce
mostly close this sink in the bathroom
how you gonna leave the sink oh I don't
have enough sauce in my hands if I got
tissue never have leftover did you just
eat the sauce out of my hand they're not
put it smoked some pasta cheese yes cut
the cheese
hey Dewey let's go
salt babe hi guys so we're gonna make
four slices from this pizza so we each
gonna have a slice of pizza luxan is
gonna go first with what he's going to
choose on his top paying from this hat
and then he's gonna put on his side I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go and then remod
we're gonna keep going bussing go ahead
good luck
take one one Boston that's not the top
of it you open it up Boston got he got
sour pad mostly got sour patch on his
pizza you like it he thinks it's gonna
be good I don't think he's gonna be good
Mawson this is your part of the slice
right here it's good now let's see when
you eat a pizza he's gonna be buggin up
a muffin guys sour patch on his pizza
it's happening sir how does it take one
don't look all right open it up bananas
bananas I'm out
put your bananas on there oh my god
bananas a pizza that's just weird how
does the meat carries like bananas whoo
whoo come on G put put on a pizza you
gonna make this video 40 minutes long
all right guys it's my turn close your
eyes don't cheat oh I hope it's
pineapples please define that fools
please be pineapples - pineapples oh my
god oh my god you know how does they
know unless pickles look at this one
looks bigger I can't do people go by any
power drop I hate people is another
pickles guy man this is the worst how do
you want to do is challenge no more
what isn't I love pickles your army
eight kicks in a bill that was popping
g7 bro yeah yeah bro
I'm like a bike you take a look at the
whole thing
would you eat our pizza regional try
amazing why
alright guys I put my pickles on my
slice no after you're gonna eat what
else love pizza alright guys it's pretty
much tear to go ramireddy sure oh yeah
let's go
what'd you get tell them are you Mike
huh give a grape some pizza yes cheese
Nerra
oh my god Rima this is gonna be guys
look how it looks maybe we got sour
patch we got grapes
we got the pickles and we got the
bananas it looks so oh my god this looks
so weird
Mawson your turn Amy you do it for your
son because this dude put the paper in
topping pizza lesson let's see if he
knows how to read let's see this what is
it we did guys he got chocolate chips
get my slide it the chocolate chip is
going on your sour patch I'm saying your
turn go really what it is it's aa note
Ella okay let's see how does I got
sprinkles and just sprinkles no all of
it I would make the cake tomorrow I know
like this looks pretty hi guys so far my
slice is like the worst one because our
pickles Amy's gonna go for me since I
think he has a good luck I know I've
been like so you go from you again okay
I go please be like Nutella or like
something or mustard oh my god
I can't be doing this okay okay I can't
I already got it
I mustard come on come on come on I said
it's good enough that's nothing no
that's funny drop you have to put her
round like a circle my gosh like I said
like a smiley face
there's no no smiley face bro there's a
lot of love business minded let me do it
that's way too much my name that's way
too much seems to be saying give it more
dude that's disgusting man I'm a butt
drop just looking at it hi guys
remastered Rima you see you gonna quit
gummy pizza
yo this pizza is insane like this is
real this is rimas this is more sense
that's ham says and this is mine oh my
god just like a mind oh my gosh I think
this pizza is ready to be cooked
ade since you're a good cook ready to do
it yeah I'm starving
hi guys we're going upstairs or about to
cook the pizza leave it in the comments
below which slice would you guys eat
apes and eating some bananas and
sprinkles out of all four of them I
think I would eat more since the
chocolate chip and sour pad which one
would you guys eat leave it in the
comments look I know no one is gonna
choose this oh my god you guys ready now
a pizza I wanna eat something some
people from monster talking some pickles
are $400 so how's that we got the homie
I'll leave here
Oh Bob what happened bob is Salah in a
building are you doing knuckle-touch
doing good how's everything I miss you
no gun who do you love more me rally me
my brother loves me more
stop being crazy mean what you do drop
down give me ten push-ups oh she's doing
it a one two three okay four let's go
make that five come on five okay make
that six okay make a seven seven eight
two more nine one more ten let's go she
did more push-ups a new book
what are you doing lesson he's looking
like what the hell are you doing stop
messing with him stop being a bad boy
don't worry about it we're looking at
Ali right now ooh happy no he's not no
he's not huh
the pizzas going inside I'm gonna see it
in like 20 30 minutes I'll see you guys
the next shot guys the food is it ready
baby doing it let's go baby listen if
there's a fire are you gonna close it no
what the heck
so save people what you're gonna run
away oh my god this looks oh my
everything looks good but just this one
looks so nasty I do me get you guys do
not understand pickles and mustard is
like the main thing that I do not eat I
like what the Freak this thing is like
it's oh my god you want any pizza honey
oh my dad loves any but look at this
pizza huh
no I'm good I'm doing a challenge look
look at this pizza oh my homemade in no
sorry wasn't and I got the honey no
yummy stuff flick throwing up oh my god
this is disgusting
yeah cut it into for you huh yeah oh my
gosh hi the four slices already you're
ready to do it all right guys
I'm not looking forward to this
challenge to be eating you're like oh I
had fun doing you don't one thing what
what are the choices however somebody
wants like literally that just eme
quietly wasting my time here
fine Rosen that mustn't take his bite
first you scared oh my God we're all
gonna take turns eating our slices of
pizza Remo he's gonna go first with her
gummies yeah since you were last night
you can go first
she has her gummy worms and grapes with
pizza Rema Rema Rema Rema Rema hello
do you like it mouthing boxing boxing
wha he just took a bite of the cheese
are you that good finish it I can't to
go to the Stourport truffula for all he
likes it actually sit boy sit boy sit
boy sit how does it taste
you like it see I just I've had one more
life with this happen Oh Reba didn't
like your pizza didn't taste I agree my
son liked this pizza I guess he got
lucky
how does that eat your banana with
sprinkles I'm thinking he's getting but
he I'm not gonna ask me if it's not good
alright guys how's it going how's it
taste just you like it banana pizza with
sprinkles and that's actually not bad
it's just better with the chocolates are
apparent on top god
I would try mine right now pickles
mustard pizza well I want I don't want
to eat her like how do you eat pickles
ever look ready sir
huh get on this to a whole you know
destroy one you could do it could do for
I do McCain do a fight to me get and do
me game I do me game let's go scale you
can do it you could do it yeah how's the
cussing sorry mister
I'm ready on the cross in Dumaguete it's
time to wrap up this video I'm not
eating my slice
rimas I do your slice this or he is also
it's good you liked it the muster
Kennesaw that's the other like wow
mashallah hams eats pretty good much I
love dubious by joining I hope you guys
enjoyed video if you did make sure you
give it a giant thumbs up and go turkey
thank you guys so much fillable support
I appreciate you guys I see you guys
tomorrow
take care
a man I love
