do me again guess what I am back to the
Adams family house I believe my family's
downstairs I miss them so much I haven't
seen her for so long
literally it's been like months I've
been away like this whole summer but I
still managed to get a vlog up every
single day the Adams family they miss
you guys so much and I know they miss me
so much too cuz I must have saw so much
let's go downstairs and see what's up
what's up - Matt haven't seen him for
the longest times up us what I didn't
leave you I told you
Yussef what's up I have been yo you guys
a trip
Bheema havin what what the heck was Dina
I missed you Marcin yours are the cutest
couple ever how you guys doing Oh yo
that's not funny yo what's up with you
guys no Adams family come on yo get you
butt out yo do me yang I seriously do
not know what's going on but I think my
family is kind of mad at me because I
haven't been here for so long ballet I
don't know why would you guys be mad at
me like you guys can still see me on the
blog's right what it means not talking
me face-to-face it's not talking you in
real life hold up man I came here I was
excited to see all you guys I know you
guys are mad at me what what the heck
what the heck are you serious Jamel I
haven't even seen you even if I was here
Yussef you're the oldest one tell me
what's going on we had no one chili man
let me know when to chill with Rima
what's up I was just with you in Miami
hello member we're in the pool we're
having fun remember
so why are you mad at me
mr. you're my princess right yeah you
know
are you a girl fibroid are you my girl
fight drugs your policeman Deena
can we be friends hi guys I am not with
this because the Adams family were
always supposed to be happy we're always
supposed to be loving we're always
supposed to miss each other so I'm gonna
make up with every single how you just
stole my shades I'm gonna make up with
every single Adams family member I'm
gonna start off with moss and muscle
come come look here don't give me a hug
enough look at me do you miss me miss me
a lot
Oh do you love me can we be friends
again big hug friends Ian so you get a
kiss
all right go sit down girlfriends or
friends of Austin Deena come here my
girl firetruck are you my girl fight
truck driver another and my princess can
we be friends again why don't you speak
quite gone yeah
yes yeah I Love You mr. so much I miss
you I miss you so much you missed me too
or not why are you not speaking to your
shine yeah that's all we do you can say
everything is cool yeah yeah dab it yo
yo man you you should even be mad at me
man maybe we went out we had a crazy fun
Miami Orlando who's chillin hi boys yeah
I'm glad you left
and now you come back and be on blogs
all right I'm sorry
put me friends again
hey can I am Japan aka the roastmaster
get your butt over here man
unless you've been what's up yo j-man
man why you mad at me listen to I did
not ditch you guys did I was I wasn't
sneaker calm now I was doing a lot of
other things like what vlogging hey I
was getting a lot business nothing on
see house getting deals don't know Sam
I'm not a kid like you going around
roasting people yeah I was chillin I was
getting stuff done hanging out with my
girlfriend I'm Jimmy jimena after all
that we've been through man I love you
man I'm sorry how I love you I feel
great oh my god I told you I'm gonna
make sure I make up with every single
Adams family memory ma come here babe
come here what's up with you girl cool
little doing here man yeah go sit down
go sit down so why are you mad at me can
you let me I did not leave you I told
you I'm leaving I'm sorry ma can we make
up and be friends
you said get your butt over here man get
your tall self over your bed you know
this one that I go in here man you're
like the captain of everyone you know
I'm saying you're the boss of everyone
you're the man of the house that's true
well suck Gmail coming down man blah you
know I want to see you only see how
happy I want to see how smiling know
what I'm saying
what happened didn't L tell you guys
look guys let's on a road trip
no invite nothing I was I was home alone
and nothing had no one to chill with
after I couldn't sleep and my pillow
fell down on the floor and I was too
lazy to get it so I slept with no pillow
and my neck and I get you put over you
too much to get your monitor is do it
it's dude you don't get the easy pass
backdoor go sit down next to you girl Oh
how's that
get your butt abuser get your butt over
here
it shows sumo wrestling but you go haps
is looking different man mashallah I got
bigger got taller got stronger your
voice seems like you got deeper boasts
up what's up though like why mad at me
my back seat you just ditched us back
you gots Youssef
yo something Y all blaming me this was a
sister trip with just kidding and only 3
to 4 people were allowed I did not
choose my family Jen some boy are you
trying to get washed how did that you
trying to get depth hi guys I think we
all officially made up a dance Abu Bakr
it's not mad at me Ali are you mad at me
he's definitely not mad money miss a
missus but so much of mr. happy three
months old Saddam me Ali Saleh he's
getting so big why do you ever look at
me Boston let me see if he looks like a
lot oh he doesn't like leaning down
speak to Muslim he likes you mother he
looks a lot more like Reema now Wow
Ali looks like Reema now me baby Ali do
me gang I really hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog if you guys do not know I'm
gonna be with my family till the next
week until UK tour I'm gonna be going to
London
Burnie in Leicester Sheffield Bradford
Manchester Glasgow Edinburgh that's
probably more or less that I probably
forgot this vlog was to show you guys
that his family is back I am back and
I'm gonna spend the rest of my day today
hanging out with my family hanging out
my mom fixing everything up because if
you guys do not know my little brothers
getting married
he's now engaged I want to see every
single one you guys giving this vlog and
giant thumbs
do me a also do not forget to subscribe
because I upload every single day and do
me young I'll see you guys tomorrow a
lot more updates on the tour UK tour so
I'll keep you guys updated with that do
me I love you guys so much and see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace I love
