what's up guys it's landed in the UK and
I see the homies right here we just had
a always show them to another and and
we're just doing the creepy face you can
do it ready say go do it you can let me
do it looking at early I'm some kind of
weirdo but this is how we do in New York
City we just go in the car and let
someone push you and you go shopping and
we get some lettuce has to go yeah you
can't be leaving me like that pass the
lettuce that is grapes grapes George oh
great you guys in UK guys do some cool
shot down a Capri Sun a you guys are so
cool shot
oh my gosh you guys are some cool
shopping oh my god every cookies that I
got you guys do some oh my god you guys
this is cool shot because a little
traffic here those in New York is like
traffic in an insider oh my god Gary
South buddy Harry Stiles
Harry Harry
it doesn't matter what you say
how much is it well no funny it's not
funny we're in heaven oh my gosh oh my
mom so she can see what I'm doing at UK
I say we turn up turn up turn up
I'm here with the homie Leo about the
training pants up
yes I like that keep your hands up at
all the times I'm training in from some
boxing training we're fighting yeah oh
let me train you first we do you fight
me my skills to fight me you want to
fight me Friel wanna fight oh ma you
sure you wanna train first look you sure
huh sure where's ruff don't work here
it's just me and you
oh yes like that like what right I'm
gonna jump over you okay don't move
don't move at all
I'm gonna jump over you okay ha oh you
guys don't move at all
I just said don't
hi what's up he's taking over it's good
I finished be Adam and beating me up
okay Leah I want you to I want you to
speak in an American accent okay I'm
gonna make me go speak in an American
accent leo hey leo a little British kid
bro
say what's up bro say what's up bro say
I'm uh say can I have some hot dogs yeah
can I have some hot dogs
no it's all sitting in a British accent
say can I have some hot dogs hot dogs
hot dogs here you're getting there
you're getting it are you American
what are you English so we're gonna be
staying in a hotel here in Croydon for
the next three days because we're gonna
be live on TV because I'm gonna talk
about my experiences in Pakistan let me
give you guys a real tour right now cuz
we've got to give you guys a daily or
whenever going to hotel Hotel Veneto
let's see how this you have two nice
huge beds looks really cool yeah two
chairs looks really nice let's see the
view I never show you guys the view via
never mind the view looks cool though
yeah I'm ready I'm about to go alive and
see how this goes I'm pretty nervous cuz
it's like a live show and I'm gonna be
on for about two hours to talk about my
experiences and help do fundraising and
I'm doing with unafraid foundation I saw
about the well I have an air I have like
this little mini mic with the homie
right here was up and I'm gonna be on
for about two hours to show that all
goes well we should be like let's go
we've just got done with the interview
here in sky 8 1 9 equity V and it was an
amazing amazing was a chill out and say
we should be on again tomorrow and the
day after and I'm on costume he gives
hard handshakes so
thank you so much for having me okay
I'll beyond tomorrow I'll put on the
taupe I'm aware tooth of tomorrow this
should be cool yeah he's an amazing such
amazing funny and humble guy and
actually you need to let her look oh
well imma learn a lot more
I promise I promise I'm gonna learn a
lot more and basically yeah we spoke
about the hang us and we raised a lot of
awareness of this issue make sure you
guys tune in tomorrow tomorrow which is
today and equity V sky 8 1 9 and you
guys will see it from the next few days
in fact tomorrow we are all 19 from 6
p.m. 6 p.m. yeah 6 p.m. to 6 p.m. to 9
p.m. or 6 p.m. to left are you looking
away because you know our breath
allowing into small evidence well I
should be it should be nice look nice
you guys tuning okay you wouldn't
service it she'll everything goes well
and thank you to everybody who has been
helping out with everything and yeah ok
fine they should thank you so much for
having me and be honest being on this
interview in this experience it truly
means the world
thank you guys so much and some are like
thank you eating so right now I got a
quarter we were two homies it was that
was good
I'll ask him you been to New York is it
yeah be able to twice do me like it oh I
love it yeah yeah good
there's no homework cuz I put in
actually um something and I'm here with
doorman well they are without you
I'm here with the homie his name is
Brian he was good dude shut up what's
your sister's name
oh yeah we're janitor alia give a shout
out so jealousy let's see it just got
done we're heading back to the gym and
it was an amazing amazing time you shut
up
okay Foundation and mom costume before
we're just having you crazy massage I
might be doing the don't judge challenge
I don't judge me about gonna do don't
touch challenge baby I don't know if so
thinking because a lot of us might have
it tell me to do it
some people tell me not to do it
why are you people calling it the don't
judge challenge huh
now you're gonna judge me because I was
very dancing you're judging people
because we have spots on that face cuz
they're wearing glasses that's it the
why he doesn't give me you shouldn't be
judging people like this it's very very
bad yes I mean I'm a way to throw but
also to what I can I belly dance as I'm
gonna wrap up the vlog like this I don't
know why I did don't judge me challenge
but it's I really I personally think
it's a really stupid challenge because
shouldn't judge anyone
just cuz someone if someone looks like
this who cares you shouldn't be judging
them judge them if you know them or just
run that personality now their looks say
anything like that so so say stop to
wrap up this vibe hope you guys all
enjoy this value if you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go turkey
was an amazing amazing day like a nice
Ramadan night we have another interview
today in another one tomorrow so make
sure you guys to an enthe guys for
tuning in and helping out and raising
awareness on the cause of I care about a
hinga truly means the world thank you
guys so much for everything I reached
600,000 follow us on Instagram so thank
you to everybody who followed me on
Instagram I'll see you guys tomorrow do
me Hank take care and peace would you
still love me I felt like this would you
would you would you
I'm worried about me mother what do you
worry about it for me I'm weird yeah
oh you're weird
