hey guys what's up you're dooming Hank I
hope you're all having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day a doobie
gang get is out last day here in LA
we're heading to the Museum of illusion
I've never ever been there but I heard
some creepy twisty stuff so be prepared
to watch some crazy illusions I'm gonna
take you guys with me we're waiting for
over me and the boys about to enjoy a
day last day in Hollywood and then I'm
finally back home to see that Addams
Family and to see my little brother get
it marinates congratulations I love you
let's get this black star to do me ask
you guys a neck shot
hi guys we just made it here Museum of
illusions with only Charlie right here
what is this museum about it's my third
day yeah
we're just gonna go along and just messy
stuff like that's what illusion yeah
gonna be tricky you know what okay I
disappear I'm sorry so what the heck
there you go
yeah
this is my favorite one this is the best
one right there actually look up close
here we have a sign for the specific
it's the heart the only closer you get
you can feel that they've actually
punched holes
I was here because you're like a big
boom and I will be back yeah I don't
know maybe maybe not Machop much had a
whole mouth
I'm a control myself but
I thought
ready oh yeah here
let's do the math out there much goes
homes that pose it
Oh
I've never seen anyone happen
Hey
and what he pushes hard
bloody knuckles bloody look they got a
cut on the bottom this one
we have so much
whoever came up with this idea to make a
Museum of illusion
he's a genius hi guys sadly the museum
was kind of small but was so so amazing
every little bit of it was amazing and
they're giving us a gift we must again
water bottle chapstick the trying to
save lives this chap
way from Michigan Yemen no way my only
brother from another mother what's up
man y'all looks dope but yo I like see
my younger brothers coming on say if you
keep on keep on running do it up let me
see the flag flag what's up man I'm
gonna say I love my enemies without man
Azul
yo man I like that
I don't know if I could put on my blog
Donald Trump I'm a scared Donald Trump
tell him I'm a scum like I was a Native
American no is there 20 shades you man
thank you so much thank you so much man
you two made a beautiful day man
Kim gonna have a dollar what boy he got
changed I have lots of change he has a
lot of change I can break a hundred
he could break a hundred he does have
change you got another 20 take care have
a good day
you know Nicki was just saying how the
streets here is so packed but it's not
like New York City like a city you gotta
walk in like this and maze you know over
here like at least is a little space you
don't see like look this is a nice space
you know say look in New York will burn
it down
you always you create but you hail from
the Ming Dynasty this is what we do Wow
someone thought as a baby pterodactyl
people taking pictures on the floor like
that's the only annoying thing right
people say pictures of the floor yeah my
New York he will take pictures of the
gum on the floor do me gang I'm at this
cafe earth cafe
my favorite cafes in the world okay is
amazing
I haven't eaten chocolate for so long
but I ate chocolate today and I'm
telling you slim you're gonna love this
guys we got the iced caramel latte
delicious guys look at this chicken
Diablo I'm about the Diablo in there
whoo
I was like this dude mmm uber to the
next level meet your cousins Mad Dogs
how we get down baby a generic gang come
on do me gang I'm back here at my place
I'm ready to pack I'm ready to see my
family tomorrow Adams family I miss you
guys so much I'm coming back to you guys
for a whole week and then after that
it's gonna be a UK adventure doobie gang
I'm gonna be giving another backstage
ticket make that two backstage tickets
no make that backstage tickets and two
standard tickets to make sure house
leave your comments below every single
day I'll be giving away a few tickets so
stay updated and move again because it's
about to be lit chapter 2 UK I cannot
cannot wait to see you guys again it's
always a dope time with you guys I'm
gonna get ready and packed my stuff head
to New York I'll see you guys tomorrow
to family
love you guys and Adams family they miss
you guys so much we'll see you guys soon
take care peace
