hey guys what's up do me gang I hope you
all are doing well it is day six of
Ramadan we're about a fifth way throw
alone that's gone by pretty fast almost
a week into it and I hope you guys are
enjoying the sermon on daily vlog and I
hope you guys enjoyed your Ramadan I'm
gonna be chilling today relaxing at home
because I'm still so sore from the day I
blacked out from working out and I am
gonna be working out again tomorrow so
I'm trying to get my rest today so I can
be like fresh tomorrow ready to do a
band will not work out as hard as
tomorrow maybe I will
I don't know but I'll try to take it
easy for you guys cuz I'm gonna work out
while I'm fast and I'm trying to take it
easy you know son I got the homie Muhsin
and guess who I got Dina who I don't
know why she's wearing my beanie
it was Tina's birthday about May 27th
and someone said her birthday gift and
she Dina never got like she doesn't get
gifts like that but she's gonna open one
and sell a hopefully it makes her smile
I don't know I guess yeah open it open
it I know she doesn't even know what's a
gift she's looking at I'm like what is
that
Dina say hi say hi Dina's so shy when
the cameras on she's mad chill go on
like the cameras off she goes crazy open
it
she's scared she thinks it's like some
kind of like monsters gonna pop up be
denied it's a gift
it's a birthday gift dealer open Wow
Deena
why don't you appreciate it okay then
let me give it to Muhsin what's wrong
with you
did you really niggas say thank you say
thank say thank you she does appreciate
us thank you so much I'm thinking about
Dina she's so lovable like she always
get what the heck
really nigga she plays with him a lot
and but she plays really rough like look
at the way she doesn't play like didn't
see like a really rough like you but
look at the never the fight oh they're
fighting over a pink scooter
come on wasn't yeah yes I don't talk
about ear Merson mustn't do be gay you
guys are still undefeated
and you guys got 1800 thumbs up in one
hour so I can say that you guys are
still holding down the record thank you
so much for all the love and support
thumbs up and go Turkey I think we have
to get to K likes in an hour probably
today so let's see how this goes so the
200-some who says that were made of day
it's no more I kind of ate all of it so
there's a brand new one
what's wrong there's a brand new one
that we're making over here he helped
out Rima helped out so then we got the
triangle onesie these have the meat
inside of it I'm gonna cheese and it's
crazy out or something so it's gonna
last with whole month but actually
finished finished in about a week
alright guys so if you guys want to ever
teach your kids or anything you know how
to fast or make them fast this what you
got a do your every month what no you're
not so I'm gonna keep you like this so
so use that yep Rima that's it you're
gonna stay like that and then you're
gonna be like that until I get up okay
so I'll see
three hours okay bye Reema let's see how
you can escape let's go
escape take it up let's see if she can
escape come on read myseif escape the
lion is going ah I chipped over this I'm
sorry
ah you gonna hear me cuz I tripped over
the thing you went to go get a banana
while see how it is oh I'm about it of
God I have cooked a fish kofta steak no
saying sambusa I see no I see it Robin
okay
really nigga nasi oh it's a miracle nasi
for my eye gosh I'm making some athletes
soon so see that chef boots on juice and
know what whoever knows I make a seed
come through and make my dad some our
seed and also so I got some presents for
you guys well it's not from me some name
goat song gave you guys presents but
don't touch nothing yeah okay okay
I'm Michelle to go tsunami remember not
me
no not me alright this is for hamza AKA
French Montana open it up oh this is the
hilum happy birthday Kayla
what is it a selfie stick thank you I
think Hamza has always been asking for
this obviously goes that way he was
obviously is gonna hit he's gonna hit
he's gonna hit us with it
somebody stick that face look at that
face she's acting like she's happy
wait am I ready for yours yeah all right
you guys watch this this is for you my
you go
really nigga here yeah that's for you is
you didn't open it open open here hold
it hold it wow this is for EEMA I got
happy together thank you guys thank you
so much thank you so much assess from
your silent do you get me now supporter
from Germany this means so much there's
a lot of you who are so silent but you
guys show so much love so thank you so
much and hopefully I'll meet you soon
inshallah all right guys it's time to
wrap up this vlog I hope you all enjoyed
this vibe if you did make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go turkey I'm so
sorry if this vibe was kind of short or
if I didn't do much because I was so
tired and knocked out for like today's
hug the most I've ever slept since the
past like six months even my mom was
like checking on me she's like where's
Adam
but I am here and I just found out that
we reached 400,000 subscribers on the
black channel so I just wanna say thank
you guys so so so much it truly means
the world thank you to every single one
of you would subscribe to always show
thumbs up always go Turkey on everything
and if you guys know what does go turkey
mean let me know in the comments below
because I'm seeing a lot of people
asking like what's go Turkey or what's
go to hkey a lot of people who have been
watching me for like you know a couple
years now you guys know what's going
they know people that are watching
you're gonna know now what's go you know
and I'm saying go Turk you gotta keep
the hell out you know saying go Turkey
you know keep a ratchet and I'm saying
go Turkey you know I'm saying so let me
know in the comments below but that is
tomorrow I'm gonna be doing a giveaway
video for the 400,000 subscriber video
tomorrow so see you guys tomorrow
dumi yang I love you guys so much take
care
our piece alone
you
