so I'm on one of these bikes and this
guy's gonna show me the way homie thank
you so much Scottish oh he's got that
looks so cool
that's Talent
it's so beautiful look so like Naturals
oh my gosh it's so beautiful look sighs
I love it I'm feeling it I don't know
why you guys always like oh my god an
Americano see oh my god pie because I
see you every day but that's gas hose
beautiful
points
they're being Shila she can't believe
she came to our Glasgow show so would
you shut up - thank you sir
I met more the homies here in Glasgow
say what's up it's good he was shout out
we want to give a shout out to anybody
just keep a little horse - thank you so
much it means you guys are really nice I
want you guys to do the New York
hey man do me will you do me it's
freezing cold like I'm wearing a shirt
it's freezing cold over here so I was
like what am i doing in Scotland so I
feel like I'm the only American here but
if you guys do not know I'm coming Scott
cuz we're going to prom with someone
named Nadine and I'm going suit shopping
right now and a Dean is here she's very
shy don't be shy
yeah your axes like so can you speak say
something
hi guys my name is Dean and it's so
funny I can't I can't take this hit
we're going to shopping so I meet her go
come with me
sous-chef and so I look for a nice suit
I left my suit in New York so I'm gonna
have to buy a suit and tomorrow is gonna
be the problem and yeah it feels cool
spending my birthday with you so yeah
camera shy but there's nothing to be shy
about so yeah I don't know we're going
to either sour top team it has two
phases obviously that was like I don't
know what that is
the first Scottish feel your hair that's
so sick oh my can I pull it a little bit
say what up homie
for me as they would up home what up a
certain isolate is going to do a New
York accent
let's see how it goes so I went to get
my camera iced latt√© from like are you
gonna correct me like that is really
good I don't see something say something
first blood I'm Glasgow right now I'm
looking last go right now I don't know
how to do it you guys it is me there I
go where my hair is the mustache our
nice wet soft memory and I'm trying on
this here you it was yeah to try to see
which time is gone
uh yeah but first like you know like
what something here you look like Harry
South there's up
oh you're alright I have like a fetish
you know yeah cuz I hear is that can you
sing like him
so yeah tensley oh I'm gonna hike who's
next on it I got you know I get the
shoes of the year yeah hi I'm trying on
the brown shoe she's embarrassed
pretending she's not with me because I'm
embarrassing you bees are shy
how'd you just go who know some with him
and I were as easy restaurant I shot two
men in the night they came to Glasgow
Jovan shirokova she's coming
yeah oh my god
I am at the train station in Scotland
Glasgow I just dropped off lady nyesha
and Miriam and Miriam thank you guys so
much for showing a lot of love and you
know take me out to see jeez is so cool
you can hang around through a home
because tomorrow was prom and I'm so
excited my first time going to prom and
it's gonna be in Scotland so it's gonna
be so weird I've never been to prom in
America or in New York or anything so
the first time I'm getting being prom
this is a Glasgow which is like so
random but I'm excited for him so
snowballs I don't know where I'm at but
the people here are so nice SAS this guy
do you know where Zizi restaurant cuz I
wanna go back to her how was that and he
didn't know what sex we asked someone
else for me do you know where z0 and
that guy and they're telling him then he
told me so I was like the super duper
nice they're much more nice than people
in America I don't know to America
really they would lie to you and tell
you wrong waste to take you to me so if
you guys don't know what NASA found me
in Scotland I don't know how but it's a
lifesaver because my phone was like
literally 1 or 2 percent
eating that donut like we got
guys I want you to look outside this is
look outside and guess what times guess
what the time is right another nice
guess what the time is
it's 9:50 p.m. p.m. and they come which
light is in my shut up that's crazy Bo I
feel bad for them at Ramadan they gotta
break their fast I like 10:30 11 o'clock
at night so we got some Nando's best
fries every guys time to wrap up this
vlog hope you guys enjoy this five if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go Turkey go extra Turkey as well
you guys have been showing a lot of love
with the thumbs up so go smash that
turkey button right there
I'm officially 22 years old and my
birthday is over but it's not over
because this whole month is gonna be my
birthday is my birthday I'm gonna side
my birthday for the whole month and I'm
gonna be heading to prom tomorrow and
I'm so I'm really nervous because I'm
not from the school so it's gonna be
like really awkward I'm the only one
that's speaking like that
so yes can be really really awkward but
hopefully it goes well you guys will all
see it and I'm so excited for it but
other than that I just want to say thank
you guys so much for all the birthday
wishes so many of you gave birth were so
many even of my old friends from high
school so many of you guys that I could
even reply to y'all because I could I
see you I mentioned my service sucks
really bad in Glasgow I don't know why's
is so much better than UK but here in
Glasgow my service sucks so bad so I
can't even see any mentions or anything
like that so so I'm gonna tell you guys
over here thank you guys so much I'm
sorry if I couldn't reply but I'm saying
here right now thank you guys so so so
much for all the birthday wishes it
truly means the world and it's just I
just feel so overwhelmed about it and
it's so exciting just knowing the fact
that I'm 22 and I remember when I was
turning 19 you guys are telling me happy
birthday
now I'm 22 and you guys still telling me
how to birth there so thank you guys for
that and this a lot more to this journey
coming through a lot a lot more I've
been working on so much stuff and I'm
gonna let you guys know in a couple days
what what what it is and what you guys
want me to release first and I saw a
video called a message from a do me gang
thank you guys so much for that video is
amazing video I saw another video that
guys made for me a happy birthday video
thank you guys so so much for that you
guys are seriously
the University us to make me so happy so
thank you guys so much for that and to
my family my mom my dad my nieces and
nephews all them they were sending me so
much videos so that just made my whole
like it made my whole life so thank you
guys so much for that see you guys
tomorrow and prom
take care don't be gang I love you guys
and peace
