Hey hey guys what's up and do me yank I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day a doobie
gang I'm gonna be narrating today's blog
we're also gonna be doing the zoom
challenge which I do not really know
well but we're gonna do it today but
first let me tell you guys what went on
today
it was my man who keeps birthday we went
out on Birds those scooters all around
Melrose it's your birthday
yeah you do birthday dance - birthday
dance come on hey hey birthday there's
oh oh do them to keep this hey hey hey
hey guys do not try this at home we're
about to ride a scooter together buddy
we're going we're gonna go fast
Oh still the key then after that we
finally met up with the homie Yousef we
just met it with the homie y'all McCoy
roll what's up what's up I bet they've
been wondering where the heck is you
know everyone we've been just checking
you guys I'm just saying I've just been
doing my five prayers a day I've been
meditating two times a day I'm Tula then
going to the gym again been reading a
lot of books just working on myself so I
like that I like that my homies are able
to work on myself before Adams video no
one's gonna see them like what's that
about
I finally get with Mexico Jersey always
leaves clothes in my luggage oh I have
so much stuff that my luggage opera hey
I was so tight but I didn't realize man
get this smell swear
and I thought Instagram free to review
like haha and homie show Luciano and
then do me guys we got to go to Adam 22
no jumper and we seen a homie lows and
lows am right there my G losing we got
mad here bro what are you doing here
with a rose in your hand you giving it
to me get a picture oh my god brother
brother I'm a big-time rapper then
musical little Wayne jay-z all you know
who's your favorite rapper
Adam solid blue blue oh why you gots me
who's Adam solid I did three songs by
Emily bean yeah it's working on the
fourth one I'm working on the fourth one
I think the girls like you and then we
all got haircuts and got home and now
we're ready to do the zoom challenge I
didn't know what the heck is the zoom
challenge - lets go ask you all some
dope hair because your hair like open it
up
yeah it looks sure right cuz I'm using a
hat on yeah it's really long Oh what
yeah you look like a like my god like a
cap like a headband Carrie - yes or
something yeah do you like kpop or not
yeah it's cool it was crazy ahead like
you're like like you know you're you're
cool with like 50 and all of them you
know rappers but you look like a be like
a like a kpop artist yeah yo seriously
man yo yo but the city fans of kpop you
wanna sign - Adam yo he's like a match -
I got yukata obviously they know that I
like kpop and I love Jane so I seen I
seen BTS and Saints with each other so
it's pretty dope we gotta get you guys
yeah it's just meat of course man cool
better work you know example do you know
what's the zoom challenge or not yeah
what is it it's near sitting down yeah
for you what is it we should try to be
with a member I don't think we could
pull okay do me a so we're gonna be
reacting to a few zoom challenges gone
wrong just to see it first before we get
to do it you know you're into truth so
uh let's let's see what what this is man
like new challenges always come like
every week and I feel like I'm getting
older like I'm 25 years old now I know
I'm grown man you know uh and I'm
looking for a wife I'm looking to get
married soon you know I have you found a
Filipino wife for me I know I'm gonna
find one soon maybe guys for you a
Filipino I want to Filipino okay for you
and I got you an Arab girl yeah
okay
see this one okay okay come on she got
it hey do you guys just play games every
day like literally 2k like every single
day I got someone Adam huh
no way before I came before I was
filming the reacting video to the zoo
challenge Nikki was winning by like 15
168 55 some someone's right I know like
you always want me to notice cuts but
like your hair's looking fresh - ever
seen can I get like a twirl yeah like it
not like so
shit yeah so we're getting a pillow why
do I need a pillow for speed travel as
fast as possible okay some people like
bumping their head yeah I heard yourself
here take a seat yeah oh it's perfect
okay I'm gonna rest the camera down okay
like mommy's doing it man like this like
this like this before the bed no go
straight he's gotta pull you're sitting
up straight yet since over sure yeah
trying to find it now I'm sit back in
trying sidling so your body's feel
better whole body shows wrinkles you're
gonna yank you from there boozy put your
ass on the pillow
that's how you slide with it yo so
please don't do this
alright guys I'm ready to do it come on
so I just do my dance yeah it's like
you're getting it like you're getting
ready to drive I'm getting ready to
drive yeah I'm getting the kill just a
kid slow like this don't go go like this
yeah just try to stay straight yeah you
got a gang come okay salud
I'm scared to do it you're crazy crazy
AB strength go
right now mean Nikki we're gonna hold
one leg cuz he's so big so yeah yeah
we're gonna make you fly you're gonna
fly to the sky promise you're gonna fly
bro let me see that the back your head
oh you might have another one another
one you don't get it yeah do me gang
that is the end of this vlog I'm going
back to New York tomorrow for 24 hours
and I'm back to LA I know I know super
spontaneous but you guys we'll see you
tomorrow with another deadly fly chase
you guys thank you guys so much for your
love and support that you guys show
daily I've been all over the place but I
still managed to upload a vlog for you
guys every single day to all my brothers
I love doing this seriously I have fun
doing this every single day it's become
a part of me you guys have been my
family and a part of me so I always want
to see you guys every single day I love
you guys and I hope I get to meet you
guys your person real soon do not forget
to give like a giant thumbs up take care
and
