hey guys what's up right now we are in
Uganda I'm in the village of Uganda
we're filming that project day two and
it's going super well I just met the
orphans literally I'm gonna go back to
them later on today they're like Adam
when you come back I'm gonna film this
awesome
guys why don't you guys say what's up
say how you do it see how you doing
what's so funny how you doing how you
doing what I know what up
so I'm doing a belly dancing in Uganda
and I got put on my clothes and it's so
weird cause like I don't think on
where's the stuff you're gonna laughing
but I guess I'm ready
okay calm laughter but it's cool they
never see some like that so cool - nice
belly dance wake up people only see
what's gonna tell you dance with me I'm
in the process of doing belly dance in
Uganda I'm drinking the water right now
so so so hot especially when I'm wearing
this so so it's like this roost over
here or is this like chicken wakes me up
in the morning whenever I sleep unless
you try to go to I'm gonna try to catch
it at some point I don't know who's
gonna win see it's right that's it come
on how you doing yeah oh oh oh they
don't understand your British lengthen
do you think he's met some help this guy
needs some serious I'm going to the kids
right not to Feroz belong Oh Hema and I
want to see the reaction so let's see
these two remember if they know who I am
hey what's up my piece I do it was
goodie hi do it you miss me a lot or a
little bit
miss me a lot what's my name no it's not
what's my name again no it's nice add
the mercy holla I know it's add the
masala add the masala no it's not add
the masala no it's not add the masala
before he just came to kiss my army
she's like I love you either
you like desi okay we taught you how to
dance like that
who you me I feel so bad that do not
have many hats for these but I'm gonna
give it out I think I feel like one of
you guys deserve it I'm gonna give it to
write him how to get rid to you my name
you want it I'm gonna take care of it
next time I come I'm gonna see this hat
okay it's not gonna sign hey me there's
not gonna like put the horn on me
something focus the horn like so big I
have a no coupon inside a car roll third
of it for their horns Oh Chisholm say
what touch it touch it
so go next to it yeah but you do first
just in case it's safe you go first
go in the middle oh my goodness gopher
go straight in the middle just got done
pranking nas finally I've been waiting
for this day for so long and the best
place to prank him was here in Africa
but there's one problem so I brought one
of the homies we find him like someone
he's like the local
like a lot of people been speaking about
him he's like a gangster and Uganda
basically he was down to do the video
and then went horribly wrong and I don't
I look I forgot it
I thought the dog was coming up we're
gonna die but horribly wrong because it
was kind of like I was like a violent
prank and like oh my god I feel bad but
thing is he did it mine because he was
like he didn't mind what happened he was
like it's normal he's a ZZ gangster he's
not known as the whisky so this is what
I'm still gonna upload it but it went
really wrong I feel so bad even more
like I feel so bad I don't want to
upload about still gonna upload it and I
finally pranked them basically so I hope
you guys do enjoy it and it should be
out a couple days and tomorrow that
bellydance in Uganda should be out so
you guys got a lot to look forward to
have a lot more to come I was gonna be
released after we leave and everything
like that so no let's go you know go
pray
let's go pray together let's go mini
okay
okay
hey guys what's up right now I'm here
with the homies right and Ziggy we're
gonna give you guys a tour on the
Greenland or so four to five year old
kids
stay in this room then I'll show you the
hey they said dormitory is for the elder
kids is for the girls a separate at
least yourself separately and every room
has got mother living with the kids kids
are not left on their own
every room has but mother everything
okay
sorry but this is the boys return what
was three years old they stay with the
mothers now we move on to the voice oh
this is a voice Demetri
this is the boys bedroom here this is
where they sleep some of them and it's
pretty much like let's say like you've
gone to college on uni in your sleep in
dorms this is pretty much it slowly okay
then waking up to breakfast or waking up
to - eating - hanging out chilling to
school so this is pretty cool for our
kids clothes donated by the food store
they do shopping once a month they give
us a list and we keep the food in the
store here we do the shopping yeah this
is a wonderful dispensary room like a
little anybody's hurt for some lasagna
going yeah everybody's in or whatever
Shiva Shiva is a fully qualified nurse
and she stares at the whole fish 24/7
she also treats our side kids free of
charge
yeah pretty cool
this is vitamin yeah I like it it's neat
it's like super organized and I would be
messy falls in there Salman like
everything the first room is office for
social vodka the NGO in Uganda we have
to have a foot and social worker here to
look after the kids next to them we have
put volunteer rooms we get volunteers
coming from all over the world why the
clothes like that that is a typical way
of drying clothes in Africa well you
just put on the grass on the grass that
one over there is a washing bare where
the kid wash your clothes most of the
kids will wash their own clothes yeah
thought to what they're wonderful that's
what I need to do I need to wash my own
clothes these kids of Washington or
close by themselves trying to their own
world by themself I need to start you
know what is you know he said we made we
made like an Instagram post of them in
the link and a lot of you guys have
helped out so he said he's proud of us
which is not us proud of them that's
what it is them that helping out so you
guys want to still help out we recording
more videos here just to show you guys
like it's not it's not easy here for
people to live it's not easy easy and
you can see it with your own eyes you
can see you now so if you guys do want
to help out with anything a dollar ten
pound it makes a difference here trust
me it may sound small field but makes a
difference here the link will be down
below and there you are seeing all the
kids they're amazing beautiful hearts
and I really wish best can well pup
she has goals yoshino is established
about ten eleven years ago just for this
at this other we have our angels of
ourselves
these are the music hits I got it's time
to wrap up this black hope you all enjoy
this mic if you did make sure give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey I'm losing my
voice from laughing so much with the
kids and everybody and I have a huge
huge announcement for you guys right now
and it's so exciting even though I'm so
sad that I'm leaving back home
I'm so excited to announce that the
orphanage asked me if I can be the
ambassador of this orphanage of
Greenland orphanage and I'm so so
excited because it's like a dream come
true being a part of being an ambassador
of an orphanage that truly loved every
single one of this is just amazing it's
90% confirmed but it's pretty much
confirmed I will be coming back here
soon I will be coming back here again
and I cannot wait and see these people
that I've met these kids there's
seriously family to me and I really hope
their family with all you guys too and
I'm just I feel so overwhelmed so lucky
so thank you once again to Allah thank
you guys do me Hank thank you mama thank
you daddy if you're watching this and
they're just they would call to me
they're so proud and yeah that's the big
news
I am the ambassador of Greenland
orphanage I'm here to support them to
show them love to bring more orphans
bring more kids and I really hope it
goes well throughout the rest so thank
you all so so much for love and support
you guys have been showing for the past
few days I'm gonna go meet the kids
you guys were saving tomorrow's vlog I'm
gonna meet the kids last for the last
few minutes to tell them by telling
peace out I have to hug mommy photos you
don't got a thumb peace out what's my
homie you know and yeah I'll see you
guys tomorrow
take care do me gang make sure you get a
thumbs up and I'll see y'all tomorrow
take care peace I like
