hey guys what's up ado me yank I hope
you are having an amazing day oh whoa
whoa whoa hey guys what's up and do me
yet come on man were you gonna bark hey
guys what's up you're doing me yank I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all have
an amazing day I want away from the dog
those dogs are so loud and now a
helicopter was come on man please chill
chill anyways to do me yank we're about
to start off this vlog in a crazy crazy
way I am playing 15 fort night games and
if I win one just get one dub I'm gonna
get at meds Gucci watch if I do not get
nothing no dubs and if I lose everything
I have to buy Ahmed and Andrew their
flights to New York City next week
because their flight is actually today
so I'm so so excited i only won one for
a night game in my life out of like 2000
but since all this pressure on me I
believe myself I can do it and I can win
that Gucci wat so do me gang let's start
alive by giving that giant thumbs up
thumbs up or do me Hank you guys believe
in me like if you actually believe in me
do me Hank thumbs up this video even if
you think i'ma lose I just want you guys
to believe in me because I believe in
myself everyone else thinks I'm gonna
lose I don't really play for now like
that but I'm trying to win a Gucci watch
and then I don't want extra flights to
be here in LA so do me yang let's get a
pop and we're going in the crib right
now let's do it by the way this owl was
staring at me the whole time while I was
doing my intro creepy I'm not talking
about you I'm saying all I'm saying is
that I'm taking it up today it's not
taking off you Gucci watch if you want
to know me I always wear this watch yo
what you think Trey wait what you think
guys really are
oh fuck you damaged your legs hard but
I'm harder look at this mom feeling
feeling feeling
oh the groovy gang come on it's hard I'm
telling you this feeling go ahead you
know what I think is harder the gucci
watch may lose oh wow and as goofy stole
my camera wow you got you stole my
camera first gucci watch my Gucci down
to the socks and then we got the
defendant God has 15 games
let's take you this how to play for what
is starting here we go coming
oh I got a game - game - well he didn't
say is that can't hide
poaching the endgame 12 oh man guys I
got 12 13 14 15
for more games doing the Tilted again
I'm a man do it
two kills off the bat and tilted towers
16 sick sick sick sick sick 714 one game
laughs does it game 15 Adam that game 15
all comes down to it a film is good you
took 14 hours in our own
it's like yeah now I gotta give him the
flight we straight flies first class
baby there that's all I'm God
do me yank it is what it is I said
laughter you bro dude I'm happy you know
I'm happy because your birthday is
August 14 and let me say what they even
if I would want which I was trying to do
I would have so you know how to
celebrate yeah well I would listen to
say well oh say that's love right but
I'm on but yeah it's all good in the
hood I took that and minima and I did
what you did that's what I'm uh if I'd
lost out I told you know sexy was wrong
yeah this is a clean one cuz he fits my
hand cuz I don't know I'm thinking like
losing wow this is a Tulpa I mean it
kind of fits your hand I'm not sober or
guys platinum platinum Wow like gold
baby how much one the fork it's it's 20
bands but you see they fit to me yeah
wow that's crazy it was a gift
yes and I risked it all success the
exact price never used to Tommy
she says they sacrifice I had to risk it
all to benefit cosmetics up doing that
Garfield picture at Greg's house this
was the before look and now at least
yeah she hooked it up she fixed it and
it looks completely different it looks
so much better this is how it looks
right here oh my god man she murdered it
yo she cute it right now about to go
outside to get some stuff for the hell
that come back we got another meeting
just so you guys know why we're not like
are we doing drew having me he's been
working non-stop
literally non-stop working getting
everything done and trying to get a good
flag for you guys seriously what people
do not understand is that I new daily
vlog for fun like you know I have fun
doing my daily vlogs every single day
and do me ain't love seeing that too but
what I also do is a lot of other
business y'all say
a for the campers to honk thank you just
let me get you so bad make it you see
you today
collision oh yeah I'm walking in slow
motion or what Oh need to test this bike
out if it's good right in the in the
store in the story into this oh that
don't chain look at that and it'll
change me okay oh wait no he's just
stupid
god I feel like I'm at home like in
Walmart or something but this is not
this is like well looking for hot
cheetos for slim he's doing it it was
you know challenge yeah there's like no
Cheetos don't have that she was the
withdrew man I'm gonna nearest Andrew
here have you seen my friends you look
at this Filipino like 6 foot tall no
thank you
yeah oh I think it's on him here yo
almost lost you mangy here for you yes
we look for ya
I thought these the Hot Cheetos you did
he said hot cheetos say hi I'm making a
movie every day the movie yeah not a
real movie she said it'd be his roaster
my survivor a stranger
did a boy or girl boy boy boys are in
luck
the girls are a lot more guys we're
looking for socks not because we decided
we needed socks and boxers because oh
sure the train to you nice livin getting
so late
although the Instagram like literally is
just a normal day to go there videos of
fire and we're sad is Drew diamond
another week to me gang this is like
literally an hour later we ended up
getting these cars over here if you guys
follow us on our instagrams you guys
will see a lot of behind the scenes in a
story a lot of behind the scenes and
this is our car right there do have like
a car is it good
right there that's our car hi guys we
just got back to the crib slim is
bugging out he got so much Cheetos hot
flaming cheetos the extra like literally
the extra hot plate more here more there
yo who's taking us w though not me
hi guys we're now in Hollywood were
going to the worst-ever
Hollywood fame star what's up and I
doing we're gonna go see the worst ever
star and the best star in Hollywood want
to Facebook going through an hour
okay Bowman cally I got like a cavity
shirt you know okay okay guys I just
dressed all Hollywood because I'm in
Hollywood right now we're literally in
front of the Donald Trump Walk of Fame
this is it you guys ready one two three
this is literally it will happen to the
Donald Trump one Donald Trump out of
start whether they kick it or break
everyone they decided to remove it off
off of the pavement so no way
congratulations
yeah that's right 2018 so now they're
moving it up yeah do me gang right now
we're about to go to the best Hollywood
star it is right we're ready
ho-jon only everyone taking pictures
here ready for this we've already taken
place with it right there look at that
that's who you got to look up to when
I'm saying I'll be right there next to
they beat me in a fight I'll personally
like personally stop drawing bro you
ain't do nothing I know come on
so go next him on to see how tall you
sexy they're pretty tall yeah they
really got Zac Efron I hear like yo
y'all look just alike seriously this is
the second time I saw this buddy unplug
it buddy I showed her my Instagram
before I've never showed out YouTube
they actually changed I hop into I hop
looks like my dad saying I hop do me
Aang I am back in my room right now Slim
is outside playing for tonight I always
edit in the morning for like two three
hours limp always edits at night and he
always uses my laptop so he's signed in
my laptop he's been using my laptop so I
got this idea from Haley she pranked me
and they're do me again you guys got me
thing my channel got deleted and like
the videos are moved like literally I
caught like a mini heart attack this
time is gonna show that he has zero
subscribers so I'm making a new fake
account with the same profile picture
same name of his lemma fication vlog and
is gonna have no videos and zero
subscribers I'm making a fake account of
slim and I'm putting zero subscribers on
it on it when he sees zero subscribers
he's gonna be like what the but I it so
solidification vlogs create channel I
gotta just make the profile picture the
same one is I'm putting this as the
profile picture guys look how it looks
notification vlogs yo look if you call
it look how much subscribers something
got zero yeah no no I did it it's fake
account open no but zero it looks so
real that you spelled it right yeah
everything everything simplification
want everything you need profile picture
is if you go yo and it's your birthday
in like an hour
ya know you're gonna be 24 the laptop is
right there
this is somes Betty such a mess Allah
his cameras right there
widows garbage well that's a known
statement when we got the homie allies
who came to you pulled up put up an I do
about chillin my G already know I'm a
camera right here
another pillow family is here quiet
random monkeys in there and a monkey
welcome I don't know
mr. solo about the flight for tomorrow
and because I'm leavin
I'll leave it to nurse if I didn't know
okay you come here because Drew's coming
yeah yeah I just say that I'm fuckin no
bro
I fuck it give me zero fucking
subscribers how do you have zero why
does it say zero subscribers who is it a
glitch show up
I'm betting of chess right novo pick up
huh there's nobody can just be gone bro
like you do it me wrong not pick it up I
can't find loaded shit that's the thing
to understand I don't know how much
something behind this is watched I'm go
from like hell to zero
what does he and you do you know
anything about you
the stupa
we're still going out
I'm up here hope you guys enjoyed it if
you did make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go turkey Haley Haley watch your
back busted me I'm gonna get you real
real good only cuz you're not here I'm
just giving it thrown it out to slim the
help of my whole crew menorah I'm saying
but a doobie yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow make sure you guys subscribe
because I upload every single day I see
you guys tomorrow take care yeah fix
hello
