hey guys what's up you're dooming yang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day in
Dumaguete we are finally done with
sneaker car I had a fun amazing time
huge shout out to sneak the car but now
I am back in LA I have a few business
meetings today and this week and it's
also the homing that keeps birthday
birthday is actually tomorrow August 8th
so we can be turning up in LA and having
a crazy good time let me give you guys a
little tour of the place we're staying
at because this is gonna be the setting
for the next week this is our backyard
random soccer ball football right here
they keep catch oh you missed it they
got a grill over here a table outside we
got in the Kibo of here speaking to his
mom staying on checking on him saying
this is one of the rooms I believe Drew
and Adam understand the homies druing I
have my they're staying with us here and
a homey sled I believe he's probably
eating or play for night let's go see
what they're doing you go through like
this I'm sleeping here but it's kind of
weird because this thing is just staring
at me why do I always gotta be in a
place where it's kind of creepy
mineralogy
we got the homies drew and what do you
guys laughing it's the life of a vlogger
hey dog oh are you ready for another
movie here in LA and then are you
staying
alright today or tomorrow yeah I know
yes Camilla it's always gonna be a
balloon Adam do you do me game it was a
yeah ask him to take a snacks on the
back
why cheek so pink because like I'm so
sexy like it comes out on the cheese oh
I just love this pic cheese I wanna
pinch that broke kind of like Molly you
know Molly your net o'clock show yeah
yeah I just wanna put your cheeks please
like that that's that's my lifetime go
campin oh my god oh my oh my god
never mind I'm out I'm gonna pick you
butt cheeks when he's leaving him there
playing Street Fighter they got two PS
fours
slim over here shadowboxing yes okay
okay
Oh looks good red blurring your punch
Gumi gank we're heading to our meeting
right now this is how we pull up in
meetings no ma'am just dressed like a UK
rapper like a hockey player you know
like you play soccer drew looks like
we're always gonna be ourselves pulling
up anywhere you know I'm saying man
we're heading there right now yo what is
this meeting about what is it about
I don't do what is it about me top
secret
yeah what is it about brother do you
know what the meeting is about huh you
have no clue we're top secret yeah oh
man let's do it we're here
Thank You Man love you man we give you
ten stars I made a family okay got
invited to dinner to the homey Greg
Mark's cribs also excited - Greg what up
man Oh what I've been high doing good
guy so nice to meet you guys without
brother Carson Carson with the home
became starvin we can't be loved my mom
really hooked up with all the Middle
Eastern food I know I'm like yo I'm
starving I feel like I'm fasting today
okay now say ready for the entrance
we're do it let's do it hey hey what's
in there okay hey wow wow wow yo look at
this yo wow you're your star you're a
star seriously you to use ooh
crazy thank you so much I don't so cute
oh my God he's adorable
oh by the way congrats your song I love
it 25 years like my whole life this was
like the best dinner actress you need to
tell me what it is called
this is come on Julian Julian Wow
helicopter can mushroom cheese wow that
looks so good economy hunger Lucretia yo
thank you so much appreciate you too
guys
this food is no joke I'm not little
doggies like I wrote it eating like
imagine what I said this is the first
time I know yo I much trying to steal
the dessert of us No
Oh yo perhaps heard sissy
I'm gonna sit down don't worry
oh I never gonna to Greg's sister huh
Alicia Alicia and she did all this
without marking mzp sign you use all
this yo this is like astral world this
is another site Wow yo oh my god it's
actually like my excited this is like
like Marco know you're talented sir see
something here literally like a story so
I just put whatever you want like she
remembers it where can I put my one can
I can I do something do something baked
though and we have to get it right yeah
well
I just drew the worst you can but don't
tell me you got to guess what was drawn
so I can be drawing me cuz y'all just
went out the door trying to stake me
like what the hell why would you think
that might be a chipmunk I was like a
loaf bread I don't know you know what I
know
I'm senior high school this is what I
look like freshman year of high school
did you see a beauty right now is the
video read as you do me gang I feel so
so bad at least yeah so to say I'm so
sorry for giving you a weird Garfield I
promise is because no one said mash
although everyone is just like oh my god
it looks dope it looks dope and not even
one person said mashallah so I'm so so
sorry I love you so much and tell me how
ever you wanna make it up I'll make it
up bro why are you open to the door I'm
like I'm vlogging yeah I'm gonna show in
tomorrow's vlog mie pene for night 15
times oh now you tell them you tell them
right now we have a flight out today too
but I'll bet I'll debut here Joe and I
are flying out at 10 o'clock today 10
o'clock at night right but these guys
chose to stay a whole week without
letting us know right let you know
August 6 which was yesterday better
words to describe it they just extended
they're staying yeah yeah so what we're
doing is I told him I was like yo you
I'll give you 15 shots at fortnight if
you win I'll give you my Gucci watch if
not you gotta find join us back out you
got paid for our tickets or fly us out
whenever y'all file I'll show him the
Gucci watch right now I like that I like
they don't wring your hat by the way so
what's going on oh oh good she watch it
was a gift from Yusef
this is the Gucci one yellow drew if I
lose I lose this watch you only under
watch that's it
oh c'mon air to do anything I'm doing
this for us
15 15 games in the four night no help
from anybody can still help me up no I
believe myself only one guys ever in the
black here
thumbs up tomorrow you gotta see it I
love you guys take a peek
