hey guys I'm Adam and today we are going
to be doing a challenge video this is a
really old challenge but they wanted to
do it and they made me travel a long
long way to get Helen marshmallows so
yeah we got some marshmallows that we're
gonna do the chubby bunny job you guys
do not know how it goes you have to put
as much marshmallows in your mouth I
don't know what I'm doing with them like
dangerous why I'm doing it okay sit down
sit down some coffee and everything
that's trying to come up well I see salt
everybody take one ready set go
swallow get on
hi guys I just won that challenge I'll
still suck it and we're gonna do we're
gonna do Oh serious hi guys this one is
called The Onion challenge everybody has
to take a bite and swallow the onion and
whoever doesn't swallow it or over there
doesn't go in the next round they lose
big
everybody bring that around just bite it
go read will come
think about it don't try to be sneaky
take a bite Rima yeah bad day yeah go
faster go go
he's all of it all right who's going
okay
you quit bro don't take asthma pump act
like I'm a feel bad feel you are no I'm
not
you lost you lost is it gonna meet
hi-low Janaki oh my god I do not like
onion Big Bite big boy Midway is a champ
really nigga you quit spit out your big
your onions already already you said you
quit spitting out he came back and you
say don't fit me alright so we all lost
challenge halo 1 now lost I have stinky
breath right now but I lost that one so
far I want once I know and once we're
gonna do another challenge you guys
ready yeah you guys ready first wait
shut up I'm making a surprise challenge
is that the cinnamon challenge
okay who's ready for the cinnamon
challenge wants to go first
mmm we're all gonna do it together
mine's more okay mines the biggest one
who's ready
on account three okay my daddy's gonna
play the cinnamon challenge ready
cinnamon jump one bite is it ready
no no hit one but ready set go it's like
Toby oh yeah go on
my dad won a challenge
you know you'll beat me up in a shower
let's go the issue song issue song it's
time to wrap up this challenge let us
know who won the cinnamon challenge and
thumbs up you guys want more challenges
from the Addams Family let's get working
comes up and go techie we'll see you
tomorrow from The Addams Family piece on
what really created her own one what up
guys so today I won't be going out I was
helping family with something so
unfortunately I can't go I just came
back from doing laundry of my parents so
it got kind of late but yeah I'm gonna
stay home today and yeah let's see what
tonight has a story did you hear the new
single our new single you hear it I
don't know something you hear it oh yeah
same line for me yeah oh do you pee
order it though yeah okay then you're
here on me on me territory and I'm did
you pre-order would even fight fight
fight fight fight fight fight fight
doesn't even nothin give it doesn't give
me man
you're making onion brakes for sure he
doesn't that's investment that's gonna
stop hold on and your muscles sure you
must be doing most of the night what do
you do with them so I got myself some
noodles from home made noodles but this
kind of hot
I don't know what to call it the rate
watch selected you can see a smoke see
that's how hot it is and it's like
purple wet like it's like temperature
room some between years and this is and
this is like burning up so I have to
wait oh absolutely
all right guys I'm at the vlog be sure
because if your thumbs up and go granny
if you guys didn't pre-order our single
diamond girl yeah be sure to preorder it
it's thick it's fire so be sure to get
that as soon as possible it's available
all countries right now cuz we were I
remember on Twitter we were counting
down like Australia's first then Europe
the Middle East and then America
different stuff like that but it's
official that it's in every single
country ready for pre-order so pre-order
as soon as possible I'm a third you
should be out so enjoy it then until
tomorrow for another is a daily vlog
that's a wrap peace
