hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day do me yank if you
guys are not having an amazing day
you guys should get this and take out
your stress when Donald Trump man like
this huh that really hope ya actually
does really help because just knowing
that like he's dead are you stressed
it's like warming your head if he was
warm I know I know I've been just like
I've been just personally trying let me
know if he's stressed is gone you know I
feel better already
yeah yeah yeah it was like a chew toy me
the truth I we just eat this earth he
said he thought of job he's trying to go
like this hey guys we are back in
sneaker con for day to do not know yet
but I might be in the three-point
contest when you've been in the
three-point contest how was it like
being back because it was awful honestly
but you have a lot of confidence to
actually agree to being in the
three-point contest so so I have that
confidence to agree to be going on it
and I know I can risk it by going bad
and just missing everything but I can
even get hot and everything get hot is
hot you know saying yeah so I'm uh I'm
doing this for Holland you know what I'm
saying not even know I'd even know you
know is home to me with soccer bro it's
diamond sake this is a country you know
what a goal is this is a country I don't
you know what home this no one you know
what it's like
thanks this guy later slip are you
serious are you joking don't it's a
nickname you city in Holland Road cones
that geography class Amsterdam oh that's
hot oh my god in Holland if you guys
ever see slim beat is about the fight we
had holland yeah i remember that this
romance of it
nothing safety Netherlands Holland oh
yeah
yeah yeah
champion right
Godse the new vicinity but that's a
Marine
I feel I don't know what's going on
to
like a basketball basketball player so I
feel like in a way he looks less
pressure on me that Julian Newman is a
good
everyone expects him to know if I win
and he loses the like way like my
basketball credibility's don't be tough
it's like me losing a box that you don't
say it so like he needs to take the W
but I'm gonna try my best to challenge
him
I need to make up for yesterday
guys the first person going he's the
first one
all three
one go
why did one Accord
oh my god oh my god
oh my god that's it
three two one go
say it first of all
second good
what convenient I'm sure he got three
coming biggest okay
before okay Louie that makes turkey
stone is that
No
say you gotta make it no load that 6x6
- okay okay money won't take it son
looks like that don't be good second
shot
very sad
okay so
they make that these children will soon
learn that to one shatter
three there you go
okay good 24
who's max
take
shot wet though it's 3:30 okay that's
okay
versus all babies
Oh
that ball
hi guys second round starting
max I'm an imam you gonna be good luck
well you gotta jump
all through
war
okay
good is that
oh my god
good you think I'm honest
Oh
Oh
he's winning
let's go Dax Lulu let's get it back
that's no
okay do me yank that was the last day of
sneaker con I am wrapping up this vlog
here because tomorrow morning I am
heading to LA LA I've been in an IED for
now you guys enjoyed his blog make sure
you guys give it a giant thumbs up that
was my first time ever in the
three-point contest and it was so so fun
I'm sorry I lost but I made it to second
round and I try my best thank you guys
so much for loving support I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care
a man I love
