hey guys what's up for do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day do me again I just
woke up in the mansion was the best
feeling ever where you're heading to
sneak a calm right now yg what's in the
bill I can show you here yeah yeah you
can't show happily yeah okay oh my gosh
it's been a year I don't know I got
inspired by you man yeah if we lose just
know that we have a big big game do me
gang we're heading there right now see
you guys the next shot comes with the
home Benjamin kicks the business is what
is it what kind of sneakers throws
thanks Hall of Fame's ooh how much is
telling them for how much a song oh my
feet yeah you don't have an extra change
man hey huh I don't have a change of
here he'll change I'll trade you for my
ease ease and this shirt right here that
they don't like they don't like my shirt
by the way look why don't you like do
you like my shirt don't live it be
honest you want to see the back call huh
look at the back look at the back what
you think your mind you cause you remind
you of a church you've been to or no I
mean I wouldn't buy it yo but if I got
to free money oh my god the most amazing
shirt I got supreme on it'll be like oh
my god yo that should aspire man yeah
I'm sorry too much damn Benjamin
Benjamin I'm not your fan no more man
I'm gonna make money kicks out he to
wash you cuz I love messing with
sneakerheads because they get so serious
for everything everyone is blogging
right now going inside
game is about to start
you know I feel like the M&E is in
California I appreciate it
thank you guys so much guys Brandon's
team is playing first they got the homie
papa rug in they're like huh pop all
right this is crazy
- what up man and we got the homie from
Dubai I hear without man do begin the
building be scoped let's get it guys
ready the squad is coming through there
we go fingers get that no way we got the
home yet what's up what's up you guys
ready let's do this Danny game the homie
Papa Rock for you you won the first game
yo now it is your turn to him to save
you so much the whole team was insane
mashallah really good that's crazy
we had a Brandon's team won so that
means if we win we get to play them so
like what kind of friends but after that
is gonna turn competitive so let's see
how it goes you guys murdered it
seriously possible it's everyone well
you to vote
you killed it while you killed Jackie
you killed it you killed their boats the
other good well youtuber residue
I'm here to say congrats I go in here
but like we might play each other's okay
with the ball they said it happened for
Julie insisted his firing no good
Oh
okay what's up man shut up I'm gonna
take one shot man like I only got like
two Murray balance you know I was I
don't know it was fun it was fun game
with other teams was crazy that seems
crazy but would have taken a picture
right now all of us I'm not even sad we
both like I don't even care if it turns
out to be like like people would just
like know about the fight I just started
to like not even like a game anymore
it's turned it more like like UFC fight
right now he's about to dunk over him I
believe so let's um let's see it um
let's go Jonathan come on let's go boy
okay
I gotta change me one second you're
gonna like that you're gonna oh damn not
even should kill Anil Sun is right there
Oh
Wow what'd you do bro
everyone hello my next show the Staples
Center
you are involved in
hi guys we just got done with sneaky
Conda was a fun fun amazing day even
though we took a big fat else
first thing I'm not believing no people
but I'm blaming while I was away let me
say first of all he's not bald so much
yeah he does have a new style you guys
will see it is why you didn't play
Brahma for me told me cuz Tim tell me
I'm a bong and I wanted to see what he
can do with that me play if we had
another ball gonna team with another bog
right I would've helped yeah you would
have helped the guys who were super
athletes bro yeah they were good guys we
got the homie right here how you doing
who's your favorite youtuber me my hero
he said we what's my name
he just knew that like I do YouTube so
he's a fair I appreciate that man now me
favorite youtuber yeah
he's ugly where I found I saw that kid
came and I was like yo man that's crazy
like I got a fan that's not like you
Julia I see a lot of Middle Eastern
people you know a lot of desi people so
it was kind of different scene I mean I
do have a lot of non Muslim non Arab
fans but when I seen him I was like wow
man that's crazy like he's a big fan of
me I pulled out the camera I was like
who's he favorite youtuber he was like
you I was like wow man that's pretty
dope then I was like what's my name it
was like what's up man how's it going oh
yeah he didn't know my name it's all
good and he was so so sweet and
hopefully not no no I knows I gained
subscribers over anything my gain
I gained a subscriber hey turn it up
hey do me gang other than taking the El
today I had an amazing amazing day sure
so I feel so good why isn't the door
opening by itself I had an amazing
amazing day today was just a beautiful
day amazing vibes even though during the
game I was about to be like so many
fights there was one almost with Julian
Neumann who was a 16 year old kid who's
really good at basketball but just like
pass the ball man he needs to pass the
ball more often and after that there was
almost another fight with Caius and it
was right over here
somebody fights about the breakout but
I'm the love everything was normal mama
yeah I'm not gonna end of line here if
you guys enjoyed it make sure you guys
give it a dying thumbs up and go turkic
you got so much farther support off see
you guys tomorrow
take care
