my star ID
hey guys what's up you're doing gang I
hope y'all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day I'm checking
out the hotel right now I'm about to go
meet up with my best friend slim e slim
in NoHo me the key the last time I seen
them was in New York for my road trip
literally I just saw them for a few days
then I left to the road trip so I miss
them so much and after I see them we're
gonna see all the boys and we're all
gonna be moving into a mansion here in
LA and to be honest I don't have any
info about this mansion all I know is
that we got a room there so we're gonna
be going in there and I guess living the
mission and lay like all of us together
so I cannot wait slimming the keeper
coming through my 20 minutes and then
we're gonna head there oh do me I'll see
you guys in the next shop do me gang so
I'm supposed to meet up with an icky
Vince limb in like 20 minutes but I
popped in and random out the door and
Maul I need to get me some sneakers real
quick cuz we're playing basketball today
and I didn't bring my basketball
sneakers I'm looking for the adidas
found it right here let's go baby Adidas
store
this is a beautiful someone's gonna get
mad at me I hope I'm not late I'll see
you guys to make sure guys I just left
Adidas store this is the fastest
basketball sneaker I've ever bought
literally like two minutes I just chose
out any sneaker that happens to be James
Harden one I'm really excited to play
knees look at these
red they look pretty dope but the thing
is I like it better when it's high-top
so I'm just gonna try it out see how it
is and these were really really cheap
they were like 60 70 bucks so let's see
James hard I'm gonna play with them
today and I'm gonna let you guys know
today if it's actually good sneakers
enough to play basketball and also got
sweats to match the sneakers you know
same for play ball and I got shorts to
match the sneakers while I play ball and
I'm waiting for my over and I need to
head back and go slim and never wait for
me so let's go I'm so last minute oh my
god hi guys I think slim just pulled up
I'll put on my cakes right here where
did it go is that slim are they in there
I don't know if that's the matter I
don't know if it's that car or this uber
which one is it is it let's go do it
what's up I do miss you too
so long and I'm sorry to put a camera in
your face right when you landed an intro
good we always miss your first fight
they we missed it we're sucking off
standby man do you guys such idiots man
how would you so jet lag and everything
it's our best hope you've got to wake up
and start like today still early bro you
know I honestly always having a plane
that's it sleep in now two men boy
sleeping now - yeah I'm not on the plane
good enough who did you get to get the
records in the back yeah man it's like
Naruto song right
who I saw our store was in the back it's
so sick that's all wasn't no way no Star
Trek guys I'm calling Kai's right now
because this is like legit I think we're
actually going to a mansion this is
legit like what's going on my do it I
need to call no is he setting us up for
what like yeah you know the second gated
community little we needed to go through
the gate right there
I don't know by the way guys were all
going to sneak akan peach out at sneak
on they bought all our flight and got us
a place to stay so so and I say you guys
like the last basketball about literally
there was no like communication so I
have to fly myself out so to actually
have like you know them acknowledge me
pretty cute you know I'm seeing but I
don't know if you send us over seriously
like what the hell is so nice man yo I
believe this is so nice that's okay yo
guys all eyes was giddy bro oh we're
here we're literally like there's like a
great guys got assistance answering his
phone
we needed a code that's what we can
system in the code and open up your
we're legit go into a mansion yo kid I
literally let you whiny open the window
for this Oh seriously maybe even asked
me son what you guys want to go to a
hotel or stay together will I go where
the states together there's more fun oh
my god it's so sunny like freaking huge
footsteps here I feel like we're going
to like feel like eyes are just gonna
pop up like naked with like flowers in
front of it's like private part like how
are you doing wow this is sick they got
like little places where you could tan
and lay down let's go inside Wow Wow I
like this view it's just what are you
going wow this is just sick this is
another level sick everyone here is like
half naked I'm sorry like oh I think
that's the other pool table
this is place is dope oh they got the
pool si why does his sake man this is
dope your sneak cons gonna be sick yes
remember
amazing everyone is literally like
halfway up what's up brother they're
gonna go it's gonna be a crazy crazy
weekend swimming that's going swimming
right now I mean I will go jump in the
pool and get mad okay should we talk or
not yeah I was like what they're
vlogging with what kind of cameras are
Sony a7r what the heck buzzes next level
like camera work yeah supreme will be
here with Italy
have you seen Kai's that's a crazy thing
that Kai's was not lying man no sneak a
con thank you guys so much Alan thank
you guys thank you guys look this is
just gorgeous man this is the only thing
is is that there's like little lizards
man I don't mess with down from New York
man nah man don't tell me to tell us
place is haunted
do not tell me but wow guys this is
legit look how much floors I have anyone
upstairs or anything you can see like
legit mountains from you just staying yo
after 45 minute Ice Man guys secretary
and then I finally got to him you know
loves it I even called your phone and I
was like yo this is like I thought was
like a setup then after that like
someone else picked alive yeah sneak con
is gonna be a crazy crazy game we're
gonna get my love you know anyway this
is my first time coming to the sneak on
in in LA oh really
yes my first la is always a vibe is
always different a different vibe you
and I'm uh it's gonna be dope I can't
wait thank you for letting you know
letting us sending home saying like you
know say now keeping us home is just now
starting it's gonna be crazy can't wait
can't wait yo guys since we good ass and
you guys what kind of sneakers these
hello don't see it a slimming uh Nikki
what kind of sneakers no say what you
said before he said LeBron do this what
kind of sneakers are are they leaders no
boy CD does what like I don't know what
NBA player Oh Jordan oh damn
Mike my face is too big for us man Lee
he's making us work on
I just feel like I'm gonna get lost like
here yeah at nighttime please which one
the couch where I like the dy yeah this
is always a chill spot man the TV right
there they were about to go play ball
all of us got our ball kicks and
everything
boy sort of white and then the people in
the UK
it's not well that's huh it's not can
you hold it yeah after like three
minutes he done you know 35 seconds one
minute
almost one minute 40 seconds there's a
five minute challenge of this hold it
for five minutes and I did it you did it
yeah what's gonna you can't do five
minutes I promise you you can't you
gotta hold it fifty-six you recorded me
no my wife is doing it you got his phone
just chilling he ready - two minutes two
minutes right come on guys oh my feet
you can't see my face yeah this really
hurts don't when T seconds left 20
seconds Oh challenge four three two what
I let it breathe it is gone I feel like
I'm just getting everyone to work out
here like look at that over there while
it looks beautiful do me game we just
got to the venue right now this is the
same venue as VidCon is it they're gone
yeah so VidCon happens here I've never
been to any VidCon I only go to sneak
call you know about VidCon it's funny as
hell I'm uh
Hannah : ten ago I not telling doesn't
guys he's already tired like I thought
you'd be like an American guy who speak
like Logan Paul or something like that
which is not no offense enough like that
but like yes the old British accent what
would well axel where you from in the UK
where London or what is how that's how
that's how Chad's in London speak I
don't actually speak like that
what's the shaft Chavez Lagos ball guys
the Chavez like a coma from the ghetto
or someone to get all your like a head
boy yes yes yes but they hate it they
say they say they say obviously but I
don't say obviously the girl is it they
say
obviously but really fast obviously I
don't know I say what the hell's going
on guys we made it here we'll literally
the only ones right now they're like
building everything tomorrow is gonna be
super super PAC VidCon is always a vibe
the same car that we had the Lambo the
off-white Lambo it's literally inside
the cork yo DJ Khaled moves like yo I'm
gonna be real with y'all yeah okay it's
not that comfortable it's fun2draw I
know I said it even in Dubai like the
Lambo is the Ferraris it's just like
it's like your stuff I don't know it's
not comfy in sir I like my Maserati
better yeah my Rolls Royce yeah good
yeah see we don't back see ya that 20%
it's in here like actually Wow player
you know you're looking fresh roses take
a W we win wait no I don't say we take
another was good you might see what's up
guys the group about a breeze it all we
drew was good
Oh Mike what up man you ready I see you
bro
take care bowling I'm ready football
whooping guys this were in Anaheim or
near Disneyland and it did meal and
every single night this firework and
when I heard the fireworks I thought it
was gunshots man you see it all the way
right there you see it wow oh oh they
shoot me because I've been to the real
one Disney World the Disneyland one you
might have to go on a day to Disneyland
yeah but think I feel like the only one
is not the real one Oh but the real
Universal Studios is in LA but the way
Kiner brother studios in Florida but the
real Disney worlds in Florida but
they're fake Disneyworld is here did you
get better no wait ahead on Disney World
or Disneyland huh can you repeat that in
English you don't get it the world is
these are wasn't forced that Disney lid
it's the same thing same thing Disney so
how is that a fake it's Disney playing
Disney World it always reminds the world
everybody says Disneyland the show full
house everybody says Disneyland the show
flops where they going on to Disney
World
everyone every shilling on anyone wishes
Disneyland I say Disney World
no she's a lawyer okay yeah but people
say Disney lay like yo Disneyland in the
world
I said Disney World is Disneyland yeah
cuz you you're from here no say you're
from Florida he's coasting no no it's
not everyone knows everyone is it like
this artists over it he we got the door
open a nice uberman you got waters in
the back curry do musica don't do me a
wrapping up this vlog here I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog if you did make
sure you give it a giant thumbs up and
go Turkey tomorrow is our first game if
we lose we were eliminated but shall
love we do not lose I want to take W for
you guys and after that Sunday's give me
another game so do me a neck stay tuned
I love you guys I'm still giving away
tickets five backstage tickets for each
city on UK tour just gave me some few
days I'm literally reading you guys
every single day just to see which one
is the perfect one tomorrow I'll be
announcing the first winner and day
after I'll be announcing another one
another one to stay - it'll be guys so
you guys tomorrow do not forget to
subscribe
take care and H I love
