here dumi gang let's get straight to the
point yet today we are going on a boat
tour and visiting so many famous
people's mansions I remember doing this
a few years ago and sometimes famous
people are even in their backyard and we
can get to see them I believe last time
Ricky Moore and he flashes but hopefully
does it this time we're gonna go into
doped or literally the whole family is
waiting for me downstairs they're always
waiting for me because I'm always doing
editing uploading a vlog doing the
thumbnail you know doing what I love for
you guys every single day I was just
trying to make it quick because I got
strict at a point yet I'm not speaking
like up from the UK maybe because I'm
gonna be there like a week or two to
make sure you guys get your tickets Adam
eats pussy calm let's have some crazy
fun today make sure you guys give this
like a giant thumbs up do not forget to
subscribe and put your notifications on
every single day I'll be giving a shout
out to one special person today special
shout-out who's a rider died and I'm
just saying your added eyes cuz you guys
comment really fast gotta be routed I to
do that her name is suffice it being
tough on Sabine thank you so much I love
you let someone let's go hi guys we just
made it here the boats Batman is taking
us to the boat right now I wonder what
kind of celebrity houses is there look
up what kind of celebrity now hurry up
I'm Madonna yo I want to go to Madonna's
house can I go to backyard yeah
oh yeah that's the boat sir which works
well which boat
I think you guys are going on the yellow
one and the rest of us are going on the
white one
why look at it it's it's it's dope
you're gonna get to drive it
joking you guys are all gonna go in the
same boat as us come on G okay you know
no one's allowed to swim what you're not
allowed to swim here this is not this is
a boat though to see famous people not
any famous people people they're not
stupid just cuz it famous doesn't mean
it a stupid I mean some can be stupid
what famous person you want to see what
house how phase wrong no I can actually
make that a dream come true a phase
right Brian this dude right here
seriously he loves you so much
your name is in my ear like every single
day I mean not not that it's a bad thing
but like this dude talks about you 24/7
how would you feel if you go to his
house are we happy why why do you love
you so much why don't you love me more
why oh you did Maji pic i love you Wow
like this beautiful view this is why I
love Miami down there son is that right
one I got somebody here with the
Johnston pool and jacuzzi it all belongs
to the English former professional
soccer player a date you babe
Zack I'm the younger one thought I said
Briana's in there we had to film you
didn't show up I gotta be honest scrape
right Shaq's house kilonewton
we got baby off Katie
the Ngati Toa Baby we hit 10 million
views on my way let's go
yeah they got baby again oh my god hey
hey this is oak thorn we're gonna see
you at Dante's right doc he was the CEO
of the pharmaceutical company aye sir
when you're a pharmacist it's alive yo
look face what else
all right guys I'm a TIA this mansion
belongs to the Fresh Prince
Oh Will Smith it was recently bought by
the famous Canadian singer Justin Bieber
I love that we SP focus on being
different in a circuit article against a
Justin Bieber's the Beavers show you
guys that I really dislike me I wanna
see hate I hate it so beautiful man
Miami I love you Miami
we got AC news again
can go to the beach you know why because
you guys are going to WWE
you don't go to w-why screaming you
don't go to wrestling is gonna be on TV
why don't you guys want to go wrestling
see wrestling then right WWE huh
you know hair what if we need to mow
take good thank you so much it's kind of
really weird that the kids were getting
checked like yo they're literally
patting him down and like you know
putting everything wrong are you excited
to go but now you're excited what the
heck that's super excited another guys
this is where the Miami Heat playing
they're like how can they not be happy
to be going to Dell we go come on man
I let me know in the comments below but
you got to be happy if you got the prize
tickets going to double the league
LeBron James used to be under squad we
just got to our seats not the best seats
so last minute I just find out about it
like 30 minutes before we're here
said he can beat them up they do not
like hike there
maybe they do are you guys enjoying it
or not yeah okay no why
Oh what the heck man oh my god yo one
two three hey yo EE in Saudi Arabia
Saudi Arabia
oh now you want to take pictures
let's go
guys say I'm scared of the undertaking
if he said he's not scared no one other
than the Undertaker mommy Kim you scared
I'll be taking you'll be watching this
right guys what do you want to tell me
wake up in your eyes Reem is a girl -
you
yeah why is he like that
let me she like them all you know the so
cute
dumi gank we're back to the hotel back
from the boat tour I have something to
speak to you guys about and it's kind of
serious and I didn't really want to
mention it I already tweeted about it
because I just felt really really
violated so as you guys know and
yesterday's vlog I was shopping in Miami
and I was at the shop where like it's
expensive stuff like it's an actual shop
I don't even want to give it much
attention not even in the name this vlog
something about it what I do what you
guys to know is that this is a serious
situation but thankfully it wasn't ended
in a bad way I really hope no one else
goes through that who goes to that shop
or don't shop it I wanted to buy a few
shirts as you guys know wherever I go I
smile I'm friendly I'm cool same thing
with my family they're always friendly
with everyone to do it kept putting on
you know like shirts on me and it was
normal in the beginning you know was
friendly he was complimenting me
whatever thank you so much everything
was cool you know I was being friendly
right back until he kept going overboard
he kept trying to give me more and more
shirts to try on like literally
off-camera I was trying on more shirt
and I started noticing he was just doing
that so you could just start touching me
and then even my own family started
noticing it when we started noticing the
most is when he pulled out gene and he
started telling me go in the fitting
room as you tried these jeans on they're
gonna look good on you and I'm like now
I'm too tired I don't wanna put the
jeans on and he just kept like
manipulating like trust me try it it's
gonna look really good go in the fitting
room literally I kept saying no I don't
want to go to the fitting room but he
just kept trying to make me go inside
the fitting room how many shirts he kept
giving me like he's giving me a lot a
lot of shirt and what the last shirt he
was putting it on me and he was like
dressing me up you know just touching me
like ways that were like not like a
workers should do so I kept it cool
everything was calm every time he's
touching me I would just literally just
move away till the last shirt they gave
me while he's putting on me it was
literally going so close to me like
dressing me up like like fixing up stuff
but going super close closer than this
and then he ended up touching me in a
place where I wasn't really supposed to
be touched and I moved back and I kind
of pushed him away and then he
apologized right away without me even
saying anything I'm so sorry I'm so
sorry and then he saw how mad I was then
he just kept apologizing so you know
sorry I was just you know like I'm gonna
close on for you and I'm just I'm just
like huh and you can even ask I know who
was there it was my witness and not just
her literally everyone around how this
dude was acting like was really really
creepy it came to the point when I was
buying stuff it was making everything
last long so to tell him you found water
and then I was like nah don't order then
after that he was like do you want wine
I'll give you wine he literally pulled
out a bottle of wine and I'm like no I
don't want how to be drink I don't want
like literally he kept going on and on
especially when I got mad and I was like
yo bro chill how did you see it
cute shiny like it was like stalling
like chiming stay for longer he was like
would you like lollipops would you like
water yeah and then I took a lollipop
and then he was saying other comments I
do not even want to say like he was just
really really disgusting and my family
hanging like they were quiet they were
just like what the heck is going on they
were scared they never really witnessed
something like that and so did I and
since I was with my whole family I
couldn't react in a way welcoming like
fight or swing I didn't want to create a
scene and put my family in danger when
he was apologizing to me that after that
trying to be nice to me and still making
nasty comment I was just keeping my cool
and just letting him know y'all don't do
that again but I ended up buying the
shirts and leaving so first when you try
to like a jacket yeah Wow like making
comments and how good do it that's not
bad for the knees yeah I didn't mind the
compliments like you know thank you so
much like I appreciate it so much thank
you so much when it comes to that extent
like touching places and saying stuff
like that especially in front of my
family and when I told you chill and
when I'm giving you like grills and
saying to stop that and you still do
that it just made me feel really really
uncomfortable and it's scary because you
work at a place where like it's like an
expensive so I didn't what what was
place called Uchee but it's just scary
like what if he does that to other
people even to girls and this dude was
like 20 30 years old with me so I I felt
scared for my life like he would
literally try to put me in the corner of
the fitting room like to put on jeans
and I was like what the f is going on
you guys come from you guys don't know
thank you for Miami they will be like
New York and he'll try to like agree
like Oh New York such a beautiful piece
right yeah who's doing that right put my
family you know acts like Adam you like
you have an Instagram do you have a
number like they write down your
information on this card and you just
looked so uncomfortable we were trying
to help you by like trying to brush the
thing like he kept skimming like yellow
and then I was doing this and I was
making wherever there like the cars
waiting outside Carrie yes he waves to
all of us by but he only hugged you like
I think it was like a mix of both maybe
like a little bit sexual assault because
like what he did in the fitting room and
like half was like him take getting the
wrong message or like yeah I don't know
whatever it is next time I'm swinging I
don't like people who do that and it
kind of sucks because some people even
laughing at me when I tweeted about it
and it was actually like a really
serious situation it just shows that
like that really happens to people in
real life and quickly infinite anybody
and they will just watch you and do
anything literally there's so many even
other customers just looking at it and
just like smiling and I'm looking around
I'm like you're like no one is like no
one is doing anything I ended up making
a mistake and letting you guys know on
Twitter and now I had to say it and like
the shortest way possible I'm not gonna
let anything bring me down this vacation
I'm with my family we're having an
amazing amazing time we're going to Key
West tomorrow it's another place in
Florida thank you guys so much for your
support
I really hope everyone out there stays
safe and never stay quiet about anything
that goes on with you guys you guys are
ever assaulted her bullied make sure you
guys speak up I'm so glad I didn't swing
because I'd rather it and the way it did
instead of having like a big you know
brawl and fight you know especially when
the kids are around but yeah stay safe I
love you guys I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace I love you
