hey guys what's up and Umi gang I hope
you all have to get the Beast game
because we're gonna basically you all
should be having an amazing
Gumi gank we made it to our land Oh
Florida all the way from Charlotte it
was an eight-hour drive this vlog is
gonna be kind of different we're gonna
be narrating the vlog and reacting to
the Logan vs. Candice I faceoff does a
lot of you guys have been commenting
below telling me to react to the faceoff
and it actually just came out before we
reacted a kiss I versus Logan face-off I
want to tell you guys about our journey
from Charlotte North Carolina to Florida
it was the scariest thing ever we went
through like this tropical thunderstorm
while on the way to here and I got like
it was scary
like the waters moving it was like a
flood zone and we got the vlog footage
right here guys look how gray it got
there somehow this is like I don't know
what to think
Wow the game Wow
guys did you see that look they just
raised one second Villa similar long Wow
smell of villa
god this is legit porn
this is what I mean by bad luck man like
the bad luck that I have it's just
annoying man yesterday it was a deer
today this dream like we can't see
nothing look we cannot see nothing at
all for the cars Buffalo do you wanna
say question
fuck scary situation man I'm scared for
my life right now like leave this
there's a freaking truck we can't see
nothing whenever anything bad or crazy
happens in life always remind yourself
to think about love stay bad several
times and I promise you guys everything
will be alright stay positive
do not say negative I am oh my god I've
never seen something like summer light
this is like it's like fake water but
it's not that we still know my kids
what's yo and a huge shout-out to my
sister for driving mess out of the light
going through this and driving it's like
I'm looking at right now like she's
scared like you got oh my god oh my god
okay heck sisters crazy
we can't see nothing at all Wow
but if you keep driving straight the
rain will go away we'll go into the ring
I'll let you guys know how it goes for
now I'm your pray if you got pretty I
love you
when it rains it rains but the Sun is
coming out hands it left
Sun come smell like oh it's coming it's
coming
the smell out we're going close to it
yes I'd rather work all of our work in
heaven left 10 minutes later literally
the freaking thing is drawing like
become exciting what the heck this is
bipolar weather it's still raining like
half-and-half like literally half an
hour look now it's literally crystal
clear like crystal crystal clear I was
so so scared my whole family was scared
but happy that we're now good we're
going
you can stop the wipers now God's work
one loves work yep we made it here to
Orlando Florida whoa what's going on in
her precious mind it's actually a really
smart question because it got me
thinking I'm like yo if a Muslim girl is
bald does she have to wear a hijab
because technically she has no hair to
show seriously I do not know how you
come up with these questions but I ended
up googling it and they said yes you
still have to wear hijab so the answer
is yes in Islam you still have to wear
hijab because only husband is allowed to
see a beautiful bald head anyways that
do me gay it is time to react to the
chaos I versus Logan Paul face off and
guys this face off it's on an actual
boxing interview face off Kirsten that's
interviewing them he's an actual person
who interviews like real boxers like
Anthony Joshua Center etc so I'm really
excited to watch the spacewalk because
this is when you'll get a taste of who's
actually gonna take it or not I feel
like this faceoff is gonna pretty much
confirm who's gonna be the winner and
who is don't ask you guys first who do
you guys think will win in a fight yes
why do you guys think lo DePaul okay
okay what about Logan Paul versus Adam
solid no no sir I won't get mad I think
no no I'll do sign like okay
why do you think me if a look at was
really strong - it was nice
no one wants to find me anyway like the
people I called out that I actually
wanted to fight and that I thought would
be like a reasonable fight I guess they
got pumped out you know all right let's
just get to it let's watch the video you
guys ready yeah let's do it
hey how'd this come about it's not cool
about Wow
yeah why did yet cuz I'll tell you okay
hmm I said it okay
nah nah I mean you have cuz I'm gonna
beat you well what did you think when he
called you out um
it was a joke I did I did I just come
from my athletic background and I'm not
used to a youtuber calling me out for
something really good so he kind of
insulted yeah yeah first I thought he
was joking called he called Jake out he
called me out any of the pools he didn't
care and I I decided to accept first I
think after I beat you the second time
Jake Jake's gonna want to kick your ass
too if you're done I'm gonna beat you
twice and then Jake's gonna beat you and
then you're gonna so I'm trying to find
out you you're insulted and you're not
surprised by his confidence cuz you just
destroyed Willa what do you think of
that you destroy well oh my god
he mentioned Joel Weller and said that
he beat up Joel well so he just gave
Logan a chance to just literally come at
him because Joe eller did not even throw
any punches though is literally not a
boxing match so let's see what Logan
says about it because I would've been
tight if you were saying Joe well
they're like really he's a human
punching bag cuz I'm not your mother
I'm not JoEllen listen you know I think
I think you're I don't think you realize
what you've walked into no I just mean I
don't think so very excited
I'm me too bro it's I'm punk rock just
when I hit my cult your clout my cult
it's true no one in America really knew
what you were before about how people
know that's what evil is both let's beef
boy where's the guy that lost this why
does the beat come from originally
because I I can cut you something this
me with a nice that secondly walked in
the room where's the deep coming from
what's all about I think right now it's
just party ego exactly what I said they
both have too much of an ego but I just
feel like ksi is trying to have more
video and he's trying to too hard and I
feel like it's gonna end really bad
because when two people have egos and
both of them fight Oh trust me it's
gonna be World War 3 I don't know I just
feel like his side's going to overboard
saying his clout my club my club like
who cares about the club just fight and
win the fight I just feel like it's all
talk right now I disagree I think Joelle
is a level-headed guy who understands
over his head is where is that I think
either winter realistic you cooled him
out now he's talking like what are you
doing really I wouldn't either
I'm an animal I'm gonna dog bro there
were two of them of gold
you know an animal I'm a god my poison
right now cuz I just feel so
uncomfortable
just watching this did he just call
himself a guy oh yeah I'm sorry I don't
know if I'm going overboard but like
when someone is like like oh man I
thought I had at least a little bit of
respect for ksi but the fact that he
called himself God that's when it's just
overboard like I know it's boxing I know
you better you know I gotta have a big
ego but don't call yourself god-awful my
man what the Freak I don't even know
what to say I don't even want to
continue watching this because now I
don't even look at him the same way
anyone in this world even if it's my own
brother if he's called himself God or
God I'm gonna lose straight-up respect
for you toes if you believe in it this
is crazy
yo my friends and I were talking and
it's like we we are impressed how well
you embody this role because the person
I saw your movie is not a great actor
but when you sit here and say that stuff
it feels like like it hears you starting
to believe you can win which is like no
I'm serious like we're talking it's like
we're talking it's like how do you how
do you do it how do you do it for this
long you find so many people this is
cool I don't know if I can continue
watching this there see I can't watch 17
minutes of chaos I doing a whole act
don't know you're gonna say enough I'm
just gonna wait so August 25th when
Logan Paul knocks Kisai out and handles
my like work that I was supposed to do
it but I'm actually chilling now with
the fan and I was gonna sit down eat
popcorn and watch
