hey guys what's up your doom again I
hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having a beautiful day so
I'm having a beautiful day you all
should be having an amazing beautiful
day a new beginning as I told you guys
I'm going on a crazy road trip with my
sisters and a few members of The Addams
Family well now we just got to our
location our first location which is
Washington DC it was a four hour drive
from New York I'm sorry I couldn't
record my journey from New York to here
because I was knocked out but the day
just started to do me young I have two
members of the Adams family who are here
right now you guys will see them there
behind the camera I'm gonna introduce
the first one drumroll Rima and the
second member of the Addams Family who's
here yeah
dumi gang I'm here with two members of
the average family we have another
member of that whose family she is in a
different room than us feels weird
traveling with like remot like my family
I don't really travel with them
especially on road trip so how do you
guys feel traveling and being here happy
happy happy
do me gang we're starting off the day by
going to the pool in the hotel we're
gonna have a little chill off like an
hour or two and then after that we're
gonna be visiting a place that maybe
they don't want to go and they don't
know where yes stay tuned for that let's
start up the fly by giving it a giant do
not forget to subscribe because I upload
every single day and if you guys want to
stay updated with our crazy road trip
journey this whole week Belle hit the
belt a notification belt the
notification oh we have to the pool
music my camping oh yeah okay I'm taking
them to Trump's house later so stay
tuned do you guys even know what's
Washington DC this is it's like a city
is the capital of America yeah but like
you don't know it's Washington DC yeah
okay well let's go to Paula
trust me they won't know what's
Washington DC after later I'm gonna
teach them about every single city we go
through so let's have some fun
I'm done with the pool take it a shower
now and then we'll heading out to the
White House Rima and staffs first time
I'm really excited to see their reaction
so let's yeah we just left the pool and
now we're at the gym you're gonna have a
little workout kids right here one fact
no one can beat me in a race no one I'm
the fastest person ever literally I'm
calling out every single one you guys I
am the fastest person ever even six now
I'm calling you out too
dumi gank the third member of the Adams
family who is on the road trip with us
is Highland hey listen I just got to
tell you like you know you're one of my
favorites and this trip is going to be
one to remember and I really hope you
have fun is this your first time in
Washington DC
yeah your school never took you to DC I
don't know much food - you need us the
capital like America so how do you feel
you're about to go to the White House to
Donald Trump's house you know say no
then how I feel what's wrong I
definitely did not plan that like I was
just you know this time that you know
was ready for the surprise today yes
guess what it is we're going to
someone's house who is it my house when
washed it what do we know is it we're
going to someone's house put it yeah
we're not gonna my house when I go into
Haley's house we're actually going to
the president's house
Obama Obama guess whose house we're
going soon yes we're about to go meet
Donald Trump how do you feel
no only Donald Trump because Barack
Obama is not president no more suppose
Donald Trump well he's the only
president right now yes Barack Obama is
home he's in his other house
you can ask anyone where's Donald
Trump's house is he's the only one
living it's not Barack Obama only Donald
Trump guys we are in DC come on what the
heck does ducks here
this duck state doesn't just duck
squirrels Birds yo I love this man
this is touching man this is like even a
seagull like even a freaking seagull
look there's a seagull ducks there's
different kind of birds and they all
just chillin that's what you call that's
what you call peace peace peace we look
so cute what she glasses in here you
know we're gonna meet it right what are
you gonna tell them when you meet
that's we can ask and what do you ask
him what the heck look at them oh let
them eat you let them eat in peace guys
there's a bird on top of a dome of doom
Oh guys there's a bird on top of the
bird guys this is the moment you've all
been waiting for
look the White House literally right
there right behind me
Tyler Rhema say eff you guys ready don't
look back the White House is literally
right behind you guys I don't know 1 2 3
turn around
what why don't I have two dams and
kidneys what do you have what two
chimneys like 15 even eat a chicken
that's not a chimney that's that's just
a pole like a flagpole Rima what do you
think you you look but is it big in
person or no so isn't that better so
what's better on TV or here what I'm
gonna see him I'm gonna click you got
through Chomp you guys ready how excited
are you guys see Trump right now he's in
the front front like when we go to the
front front we're gonna show you truck
your handle you told me show you Trump
what seriously oh my god guys we're
getting closer to Trump you guys ready
forget it close at a truck you walk
either that Trump is gonna be in the
front and you guys are gonna be like wow
this is it the White House Wow and it's
so cool
I told you so you really want to meet
him a modulus I came out to Bollywood
seem like there
hey he looks swag out couple goals
you guys are goals man
bless you guys man do me gang we are
back at the hotel it was such a crazy
amazing day today with the whole family
I'm so glad we did this it was pretty
dope that Trump even though you guys
didn't meet the real Trump that that
Trump was like a fan and like what he's
doing is like he's pretended to be drunk
yeah I mean sorry I was trying to say
dumped but that was trusty Trump but
then they said drunk it's pretty dope
thanks pretty much being Donald Trump
and like you know hustling out there you
know I'm saying and he's Arab and he was
a huge fan so huge shout out to you
you're so so dope but he broke Rima and
say I was dream you weren't the real
Trump it wasn't real Trump actually are
you fine but five five is actually a
fake Trump how was the road trip so far
this whole trip how's it so far would
you love what you love the most
how do you tell me with your you know
with your six year old brain that was
your favorite
okay that's good that that's good that's
good I was gonna think of my head like
your favorite part is going to the pool
in the gym it's also exploring the city
you guys let me tell you got you got to
go to the gym okay but let me say you
guys go into the White House you guys
can tell your friends you can tell your
teachers no you're gonna still be in
front of me
next you'll be in front of me what a me
to act stupid phone you how did I act
stupid funnier
oh my god is it Oh what is it oh my god
for what cuz you're say f no no oh my
god right let's see you what oh oh so
they're not gonna be excited oh my god
well let them say oh my god isn't it
isn't it cool to say oh my god like oh
my god by the way guys you guys are
goals oh stop
come back oh come on
yo yeah I acted stupid yo I'm done I'm
down the end of like here do me the road
trip is just starting you guys are
enjoying this family city-to-city trip
make sure you guys give this black a
giant thumbs up so I want to see every
single one you guys thumbs up this lag
and let him you know if you guys
actually do enjoy it comes up waiting
thumbs up yo you heard it Joe alright
say I've set it so you gotta do it no
saying thumbs up we love you guys and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
awesome and honestly in subscribe
subscribe for two days no way you heard
if you get 1,000 skies we do it
