so it starts off mean youssef or at TMZ
okay and this is what people wear at TMZ
I want to screw it in someone start up
my block here hey guys what's up in to
me gang I hope you are having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
if I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having it amazing happy thank
you do me gang I just got done on my
meeting with my accountant I'm getting
iced lattes from Dunkin Donuts that I'm
gonna go pick up the key city cop oh
gosh you can see my iced caramel latte
is right there oh my god it looks so
good and it's done by a hijab' egg yeah
thank you so much cootchie gang let's go
do me gang I just met up with the homie
Nicki brought him some drinks right here
and some food but things the uber
drivers not allowing us to even like eat
or drink like you know say like we can't
even eat in peace
yeah well you know what it's me I'm
saying you can drink in you can drink
coffee juice whatever but food is not
allowed because you guys eat I don't
mind but next customer you know they're
fucking shit you know and their fucking
car
I ate in my car and you fucking you're
the judge
you're the judge the keep does the judge
me and him we're going I guess he's
saying we can't point yeah but I'm not a
kid you know I'm 25 years old you know
sometimes I act like I'm fine but I'm 25
years old you know I'm saying I'm not
gonna eat like a monkey imma eat like
you don't say like a civilized person I
mean you know I mean those you guys eat
but I mean you know you take know eat
realize whatever but in other customers
they thing you know know are you your
own car is no no Jesus baddest man I'm
not I'm eating fries brother I'm not
eating something like you know Leila is
the person what you're eating you know
I'm saying you know I'm not even like
you know like I don't know like Arabic
mushy or something like that that smells
like you know like onions and it's like
that brother you know saying all I'm
eating is fries so judge I don't know if
your biggest issue is the smell the
fries don't have a bad smell to it
they'd only Vic
all the time I pulled these here look on
SAS Febreze
do good come on I'm saying don't throw
it outside please
of course you guys is good I understand
because some some worries you know you'd
like these and throw I won't mess with
that promise you know actually catch
rounds that's all and eat literally just
like this like what's wrong we swab is
and took law for two years and he
dropped out of college
but what the homies right here will cost
it what up slim say what up east up say
what up was good you know buddy the keep
say what up on your phone with it Oh
text me Agia where's the drinks oh yeah
the borders like all of us Gatorades
we've been playing at the basketball
club like an hour hour and a half I met
a lot of you guys I wasn't told me that
they saw me that I'm tired and they
brought me drinks and everything yo I
can say thank you guys for bringing me
drinks mr. this you guys brought me my
friends Gatorade he loves to say
whatever you guys want any shadow
whatever you hear time to shine
it do means you guys are all family the
same family right is it shout-out to the
Hossein family and end them over here
say hi hi guys doing what's up you guys
doing good you want to give a shout out
whoever you guys are you find a marker
hey I got you girl
I feel like a basketball player
thank you yeah
thank you thank you so much I appreciate
it you got that cool you do ah thank you
you guys are so sweet
do be getting I'm back home at the
bridge as usual in front of this blue
ball that I need to fix up and I keep
saying that I promise you guys I will do
it once I go get my pillbox fan mail
this is my fuel box right here like
seriously I promised you guys this
summer one of my main goal is the two
main stuff that I've been saying well
actually three main stuff get my fuel
box fan mail and hook this place up
second one and get my intro done my new
intro done and the third one is which is
the main one of them all is get my
freaking license wait hold up why am I
waiting a big dinner especially this
black bin then I feel like I'm care side
but the only thing is mom smells good
let me put on this hat the man ever met
a breed he told me to get this hat
because I'm pretty much his dad and he's
like not signing that was there so do me
I have something really weird to talk to
you guys about I was just with the boys
will cost you some slim Nikki I'm gonna
be honest I haven't really watched like
kiemce stars and PewDiePie's full video
on fouseytube
but most of my friends did just to see
what's been going on and they were
telling me that PewDiePie supposedly
dissed me up and I without PewDiePie now
you know who I am and then after that
they pulled out this video and showed it
to me and I'm still kind of like sketchy
but I don't know if he did I don't know
if you did it indirectly I'm gonna show
you guys right now because I wanna see
what you guys think I got my laptop
apparently it's in his video that he
made on pussy to youtube.com Adams song
I mean oh my beauty pod matter of fact
I'm gonna bring hamza with me I'm gonna
let happen to watch this with me also
with you guys just to see from his
perspective if PewDiePie dissed me out
or indirectly kind of like you know this
mean awaiting someone let's do it yeah
do you know who's PewDiePie yes woody is
a gamer what else do you know that he's
the most subscribed youtuber what else
do you know how beautify I don't know do
you watch his videos no did you watch
the video of him when
we see - no okay well I'm about to show
you a video and you tell me if he dissed
me out in a way or not we have something
to say what see well the people making
videos about Buddhism if you're not
actually would help it you're not forgot
me any videos about that was really good
yeah you're pretty right your P right
man are the chicken Maggie's doing good
yeah a very quick because it's still use
yours yes Nick cook why would you need
the freaking kitchen this is good huh
it's good bro you be the hardware shop
not you know lid all right a condominium
well because of things like two minutes
okay all right hi you like there's like
five eggs like so get you to be like no
no watch it watch it
no I'm chicken I guess I forgot by the
way guys everything that was going on
with Kim started doing his documentary a
lot of people filming around I tried my
best to keep myself away from as
possible because I knew so many
youtubers are gonna make videos on it
and I didn't want you know people tryna
you know you know I'm saying I come at
me I wanted to keep it low-key and I
wanted to just genuinely help from my
heart without being you know around beer
let's about let's watch it the chicken
nuggets or cooking the chicken nugget
okay so it starts off mean Youssef or at
TMZ okay and this is what Cuba where at
TMZ I want to TMZ offices
all right just tell me what you think I
don't know maybe I'll maybe my friends
are thinking - what do you think I mean
you see with why you we're gonna have it
back but why he did not see my B that's
the thing but the thing is like
literally ten seconds before I was the
one wearing a hat just like this like
that that's that's why my friends are
like what the heck maybe he's just
making fun of it what's wrong what's
wrong why do people wear hats at this
right after you were touching it
everything let's go back with you my
craft on the scene on it shove it picks
it up I don't think this is anything
like bad like even even he was
mentioning like me later he is like
people have that will take the fashions
nose like that this trend is just I
don't know like there's this trend it's
like if you want to be low-key you want
to keep the son away you know as I was
trying to be out trying to be low-key
like a way of like every not everything
but I was trying to just be low-key I
don't know I don't know it said because
I love pewdiepie he's one of my favorite
youtubers I'm not gonna lie his sense of
humor I find them to be so different and
so funny and that's why he's where he's
at being the most subscribed youtuber
and almost gave me a heart attack I have
no I've been naughty repipe diss me out
but he did it because you know I can't
be dis and he just dissed people out
wear hats like this well in a way is
that let's dissing me because I wear
hats like this I think Justin Bieber's
started like this Pastrana no I think he
did this check is this kind of school
much fun this run yeah
like this go get the chicken I think if
I was gonna watch the vlog on the other
go up said we'll get the chicken eyes oh
but yes do me yeah I think I don't think
is in this you guys let me know what you
think in the comments below I think he
was just he saw me I guess you know
having a hat like this and you just to
try to come out like you know cool joke
I think was a cool joke you know what
you're saying what kind of trend is like
this we don't anywhere like this I wear
like you don't just like this just to
keep you know the Sun away and my eyes
they always squint specially when the
Sun is in my face so yeah that's that's
that's why the trend is area nobody
zooming a it's all love and I just
wanted you guys to have your thoughts in
the comments below what do you guys
think bothering that do we yeah I'm
gonna end up like here tomorrow
be ready I'm doing something really
spontaneous really really spontaneous so
stay tuned do me yet I'll keep you guys
updated with that if you guys enjoyed
this video make sure you give it a giant
thumbs up and go Turkey I'll see you
guys tomorrow do me a I love you guys
take care and
