and and with use of being off
medications and people knowing hey guys
what's up and do me gank I hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day dumi gang I'm starting
off the day here and Wasi New York City
I miss you the weather is so windy in
dead balls not as great as LA and it
makes me just want to fly back to LA but
it's all good in the hood this is what
New York City's for trash everywhere
that's NYC I'm about to meet up with the
boys what cost nickimja no homie slim I
missed the homies in the keyboard car so
so much I'm gonna see them for so long
so I'm about to pull up to them right
now so do me a knife we get start off
the bar by giving it a giant thumbs up
upload videos every single day so you
thumbs up this video would mean so much
to me because you know I had it and I
upload every single day for you guys so
a thumbs up with me so much you tell
them to thumbs up this video
one two three four I declare a thumb war
go one two three one two three let's go
yes sir do me yeah I might see the
homies right now so I'll see you guys in
the next yeah I just met up with the
whole mean they keep the keep the first
thing we did will man up he wants to
play anyone I want about it bro so I'm
like yo you really want to lose that was
the longest have ever been gone for like
boys for so long
homies let me Slim was good yeah it
feels really weird yeah but we know hi
we're back in the hood like in the west
coast they got basketball courts with
nets the East Coast we got basketball
course with no nuts
how money's always against two key by
the way panic even play the game
guys we just got done playing like
literally an hour two gay buses on but
two WS always hurt and the teammates
over there still talking shit I wanted a
boy so much shit hi guys this guy's
talking shit right here man I know I
noticed I know you just talking shit
about basketball but you took a hell bro
sit on my hand do the L right here bro
all right there Bo huge respect to the
homies right here bro y'all seriously
much love our YouTube oh my G bro to my
G vote I'll just help really don't let
go to that extreme yeah yeah yeah you
right that's true hi guys so this didn't
even turn out to me to keep playing each
other just turned out to us for playing
I have another four people from Lower
East Side and literally that kid that I
showed you guys in the vlog behind
cameras off cameras he was talking so
much shit he was about to fight what
cost middle we broke up with our game
bro video we backed it up with winning
what cost what the injured knee I'm
surprised that's true because if someone
would have wore anything what would have
been the graduated in there was he was
asking for like a lawsuit or something
it's like you wanted to get him a game
you control over don't have respect hair
I wish I would record it but he
literally was talking so much smack how
much the first game I went up playing
was me slim and him and he was saying
care of the game he Angela the whole
game trash literally buckets man but
it's all good in the hood I'm happy
we're leaving like I got tested to your
genius bro yeah
yo seriously man slim I'm telling you
this soup we need to start vlogging
these games
this would have been a crazy 30-minute
block footage and it was insane like so
much fights about the breakouts oh my
god are you a cameraman no we hot you'll
be hiring a cameraman a camera people
out there man
let us know if you want to come through
with my husband it will be chill out let
us know my joy to see like all of them
all this imagine all of them get a film
faint ballroom yeah oh that one like one
for everyone that's everyday
you never obtain exactly what bad but
still you get to go on adventures you
know is it
I'm a Pakistani Indian viewers Bengali
viewers please yeah maybe because I'm
trying to type the hole between people
and people so so he's from India he but
he's saying there's no differences
between people who love each other but
it's the politics like I like that he
says yes both is a Pakistan not like
your brother is that but like people in
fact I give him close yeah so he loves
them nothing about the politics Wow yo
so what cos just had a crazy dope combo
with the uber driver like go give us a
little summary didn't get I like it
simple as this where we saw he's from
India Pakistan he's saying there's a lot
of hate between the people but exulted
of politics we say I love most
something's on Muslim now of six Wow
yeah that's crazy how like we don't
understand so us were like it still
sounds touching to us it was a touching
moment okay I love you I love you back
Oh religious don't matter
I'm a baby because I don't get a girl I
think you got a girl live it you don't
see this boy yo sup man yeah what
officially in the mead the month to meet
a Muslim video no way Holloway hi guys
this guy was one of my videos from a
long long time ago he'll meet a Muslim
person about to pull it up right here
that's me no way so we we met before
that's crazy that's crazy Bono he
Haley's dope a girl man my Tivo hi guys
we just got to a cat cafe today has been
a crazy long day of like just playing
basketball working out
we had it don't don't dig I was trying
to get a good snapchat like if you cats
look cats here like they have no emotion
its up like literally catch it just
doesn't do nothing like hi kitty
hi cutie hi the ones with the purple
collars they supposedly like they're
dangerous so like they bite or something
yeah I taught you now on some has been
touching his one but I'm gonna lie some
your vlog is gonna be funny as hell cuz
you gave this lady like torture in the
front we had to take off our shoes and
stuff like that yo
this looks like a longing in right now
oh my it's so big look how big this cat
will attack all of us right now man
anybody's do me getting there has been a
crazy amazing day with the boys we
exposed the trash talker we had a fun
time here in the cat cafe so I'll see
you guys in the next shot to talk to you
guys about low Sun so I'll see you guys
next time
a new beginning I'm back from a crazy
long tiring day but it was so so fun as
you guys can see I don't know if you
guys notice my bend in its different
color today doing exercise meeting so
many of you guys you guys have been
showing so much love thank you guys so
much for your love and support I switch
my bandana my ribbon in with one of
these one of you guys was wearing it
thank you so much and take care of my
great being done and I'll take care of
your black bandanna but in doing again I
want to talk to you guys about something
really really serious as you guys have
seen from keemstar documentaries of him
uploading interviews podcasts about
fouseytube literally uploading 30 minute
videos and making you know Yusuf look
wild and he's enjoying every piece of it
is like entertainment for him and he's
also really buys during the
documentaries well he's always been by
this anyway but there's actually another
podcast with the homie bradley martyn
where he's not
bias and he was super neutral and was
really chilled and not trying to make
you know Youssef who see get triggered
or like you know bug out as what
keemstar always doing me Yousef and all
the boys were actually in that podcast
and your guys's biggest question was
talking about use of being off
medications and since I had like a four
or five minute talk in that podcast and
I kind of answered it in some way and
said some of my thoughts like I feel
like I still gonna let out everything
bottle it up some of it I will put it on
this vlog right now but if you guys want
to watch the whole hour and 40 minute
podcast the link will be the description
down below
so here's the podcast and I'll see you
guys have you ever felt this way before
never in my life I used to be scared
with friends around me tried to see me
grow when I'm in Jersey depressed drew
tell him what happened when you tried to
help me what I wanted to like kill
myself tell them what happen bro we used
to fight and one thing on the air out
right now while this were on this topic
there is no yes-men and this group this
is not a lot of blood I hate saying this
like yes but we always said no so many
times we won by idea hey guys me all the
time I just got an argument with him in
the car yeah because I wanted to pose
it's funny I was it were you talking
about time what in the car yeah when you
call yeah okay but no that wasn't the
argument was about
there was somebody who posted something
I don't have social media Adam asked me
you said should I reply to this guy I
said you know what from your phone I
should post a response video posted on
your story Adam said no I got mad we
talked it out cuz you had said you were
already weren't gonna pass anything
right right
I let it I let him explain I was
defensive that first but then Adam in
Hue and the rest of the crew advised me
and I didn't do it would you go to the
podcast at 20 Adam 20 they're watching
it out well I think you're supposed to
come meet us they just randomly just
face Sami five love they recorded their
reactions at home oh my god ain't no
thing it wasn't gonna get ugly but I
knew all it took was for one person to
do anything I wouldn't have to send a
text I got goons behind me I got
protection
I got rapper super for one I want to
protect you for what harm no one's
trying to harm me no one is but the
reason also is six-nine his
he gathers and is the energy there are
no one's attacking him because he has
protection people who believe in his
message this is the same thing except my
message is different I'm gonna meet six
nine by the way Hank I was shot it you
will see a picture are you gonna race
him oh yeah you should race yeah we
should definitely get him but basically
so my team since they believe in my
message I know I have their protection
and support their Styles P sent me a
message after the event Styles P may
know all these people fifty getting them
upset $0.50 he's on fifty cents team
hitting up hitting them up and being
like I just have a good relationship we
got you in case anything happiness I got
love I got people supporting me yeah but
but to back to the question though real
quick what like what stuff what do you
mean like what someone was just like the
the way yeah that's fine yeah um like
the way the way that he went about some
like the some of the things that he was
like he say and you saw the Adam in the
in the interview like what I think I'm
not like what this is the Sam pepper
when Sam pepper was there yeah they kind
of like drama in your life starts way
before July fifteenth you live your life
through drama you stream drama you
profit off a drama everything you do is
for content you're running away from the
cops every day of your life I still love
you and I can stare at you lying say I
love you and the reason I'm doing this
is because I want you to change you stop
being a walking L you stop being a meme
I think that's like his reaction was was
normal because I seen Sam pepper deserve
deserve that from you sir this dude came
inside I seen him with my own eyes Sam
pepper came inside the whole event
he was YouTube live streaming it you
know and as you go as you know like you
know the streamers these days they go
around and like doing stupid stuff
yeah like donations and stuff I seen him
doing it with my own eyes and in my head
already thought like oh like this this
is a live stream everyone knows the
location swatting you know I'm saying
like you already know but didn't you
guys allow Sam there yeah used to fill
out everyone it's called hate dies love
right yeah you know like allowed
everyone there but obviously no one knew
he was even live-streaming
no one was even allowed to livestream
the whole Greek theater told him don't
live stream and that's why at the end he
got
yeah at the end he got a trouble and
there's another issue with another guy
named country I don't know if you seen
him there yeah Sam pepper yeah he was
trying to blame something but obviously
that energy that YouTube livestream
energy whatever I guess him being a
streamer that caused the bar I bought of
that Sam pepper try to come at him
obviously I would act the same way I'll
come out and straight back but still at
the same time you should have never done
that I told him I was like you should
have you know never reacted that way but
that's you know the heat of the moment
right now it's calm and obviously people
trigger when people with someone
triggers someone you're obviously gonna
react that way and and with Yousef being
off medications and people knowing he's
off medications you know imagine that
people didn't know he's off medication
they'll be like he's a genius but the
fact that people know he's off
medication they always bring that up
with one person brings it up everyone
else brings it up all he's always
tripping out he's bugging out he's
tripping out but when you see him like
wow when I seen him on Australia telling
me all these like these ideas you're not
seeing him it's passionate but then when
other people you know mention or his off
medications he's bugging out he's going
crazy it just you know as you said it
just that's what yeah user coming in
yeah it's interesting you can go ahead
you also like I've known you since like
the tunnel October last year and you
know whenever he did get off his
medication and I kind of and all that
kind of stuff whenever we would go out I
just noticed that huge that huge
difference like in his aura just like he
I want I wish you said was here right
now because I've known use it for
fucking years now yes never and that's
what I want to say yeah his I legit I
I've never seen him so I have a few
stuff to mention when I was talking
about streaming and no one being allowed
stream the only people that were allowed
to stream this was Youssef Lucy two on
his channel but since Sam pepper was
streaming like as YouTube stream
backstage where you can see every
creator a lot of viewers of his and a
lot of streamer viewers they loved
seeing you know people get swatted I'm
not blaming Sam pepper or anything but
that's what I thought when I seen Sam
pepper YouTube live streaming but it can
obviously be a viewer who's watching
because a lot of people do that on the
stream this is why sometimes I hate
streaming especially if you're home
because if you get swatted it's not a
joke and I really don't know why people
do that and why we did that
apiece it's all good the main question
was you said being off his medication I
just want you guys to know that there is
a lot through that he did admit that
he's off medication and just know that
he is trying to help himself better
himself sorry my memory card just got
full but I was saying it obviously takes
time for him to better himself and to go
through didn't being off medication
doesn't know he is working on that he
has a whole team he has his whole family
around him helping him out so you guys
have to give him time and obviously
keemstar is kind of making it worse
because now I was just causing him to
get more hate so to anyone watching I
suggest you guys do not spread any
negative energy or any hate specially
when you're off medication you have to
always think back the end of the day
everyone all of us are human guys and
I'm like here with the homey Hamza make
sure you guys thumbs up this blog smash
that like button and do it again I give
it a thumbs up and go Turkey thank you
guys so much for loving support I'll see
you guys tomorrow take care and thanks
to you I love you guys take it
