so I feel like I'm hey guys what's up
into me gank I hope you're all having an
amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so I'm fine having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy they do meet ya I'm here
with sleepyhead lazy but I'll be solid
look at him
look closely man doesn't want anything
to do with anyone all he wants to do is
sleep
hello how are you guys I'm not showed
you guys in yesterday's blind but now
that Ali is like a month older look how
exactly identical they look look they
look exactly alike man but not the same
color oh boy yeah you got a 10 you got a
10 and he's been inside killer Habibi
pennyways do me any less stars is
obliged by giving it a giant comes up do
not forget to subscribe because I upload
every single day guys look I put him
down for like a minute and all he wants
to asleep Habibi I'm gonna do sleep okay
have you are now you're awake
yo see now somehow he looks like a Rima
right okay now it's leave it okay I'm
sorry this dude he changed from hiccup
boy to sleepy boy your sleepy baby he's
adorable I love you guys not even 5
minutes later and Watson is already
being a bad boy blaming other people for
his wrongs what happened
cameras bothering you what did he do
bothering what did he do you can't go on
a motorcycle you're three no you're not
three year bout to be 4 September all
right let's see if he's telling the
truth we're gonna go see what happens it
says let's go
Muhsin said you were bothering him Rafi
so so Husson you've been lying to me so
he's not lying to me wasn't I don't know
I don't know how to believe come give me
out give me a turn come on Shivaji I
mama no no no no my stepson who be I
must stop this dude almost crashed as
well he's doing it he's doing it he's
doing it I'll let go let go G hi guys we
are going to Walmart to get some slime I
don't know where to get slime from
harima do know how to make slime like a
lot of slime I'm trying to make a lot a
lot of like gallons of slime I'm not
riemann knows how like so today we're
gonna make slime we gonna see how it
goes comes up
uh-oh she wins ah Rocky's first fool you
we've got it alright guys so we got a
gallon of glue now we need to get some
borax we also got some like glittery
stuff you I do not know how to make
slime but today we making it we do it we
making it happen comes out what are you
doing bro how's it what are you doing
they crazy oh my god bro
look he's son bro take your son he's
locked up I'm a casualty move away and
pretend I do not know anyone in just yo
look it's a gorilla right there a
Chewbacca em yes Deadpool and a mini
eight
borax what's up Gilmore yo hi guys we
got everything Walmart is so upgraded to
the point that snows like cashiers now
we got a direct self checkout right here
what's up sup man how's it going good
there's TVs there watching us and
everything man tickets look at this man
go in a few years is give me robots
doing everything right do me gang we
just got done playing a crazy game of
football basketball we're here with the
kids
we're here with the family about to meet
what we're about to make some slime this
is my first time ever making slime let's
go do it we don't really know how to do
the slime we're trying to put this whole
glue in first let's take a look what
would you touch it it's not like school
or like creaking we have the glue in
here what do we do put it now that our
boards no yeah little bit of water and
then put borax boy it's put a little by
little you can't like this automatically
hi guys I don't know if I'm wrong or
correct but I'm gonna put water guys I
don't know if I'm right or wrong but I'm
gonna put a little bit of water inside
I've never heard of water
I told you guys I don't know how so you
just put the whole red inside and like
put all over his body
kids stay away from this why do you guys
why do kids do slime it looks like
Nickelodeon slime I don't know what else
to do no more borax Oh any oohs raining
what's cleaning this up dumi gank is 30
minutes later I'm taking a shower we're
having so much like bleed lime all over
my face my ear my hair literally I was a
big mess but I had so much fun there
Rima right now he was telling me
literally three minutes ago she wants to
cut her hair she wants to cut it really
short and I was telling her to wait and
we can go to the salon tomorrow and make
it like a video we can have fun and give
her like a cute makeover done by a
professional but no he wants their money
to do it and now she's telling me Adam
are you ready are you ready to see me
somebody I'm gonna take on my block
camera and
am I ready I don't know if I'm ready to
be honest am I ready to see it okay
we'll see Halloween I think I'm ready
but I don't know if all of us already
but just come out come come it looks
cute I like it a lot why do you like it
I told you to wait though we coulda made
it like you know professional let the
role simply get it now you look
beautiful well it looks beautiful but
crazy eye how your dad has long in it
how long a peasant huh oh I see you like
like that well I'm actually surprised
that's crazy man everyone get it bigger
Ali's getting bigger the whole family's
getting better here do me yeah I
believed you man matter of fact you're
mad I'm gonna visit him tomorrow
probably but I do it yeah I'm gonna be
ending the body here I really hope you
guys enjoyed the bike too did make sure
you smash dolly but do not forget to
subscribe
take care
