hey guys sup we just met the homies over
here hey guys doing myself bring us from
yeah they go to school out here in the
square were filming so the car is
filming and they saw us film we let them
watch us do a the prank right we're
doing how do you guys think about it was
everywhere how was it behind the scenes
is kind of like
yeah they punch after that
yeah
right here fasting because stay before
eat and it's day for everybody down
about an hour and I feel good with
filming too while fasting or and unit
square is live today or whatever yeah
oh stop harassing the lady man
stop harassing the ladies and stop
arresting me you're a shit Elaine rest
of me know your has the ladies of it
remind you booth why are you harassing
ladies over huh wearing a towel around
her neck I'll say so so what now where
what she wants what you do it stop
harassing her leave not harassing
anybody you're arresting me I'm
harassing you say what's up piece
goodbye goodbye stop what's that man we
go home I love it to me they saw me jerk
off to it
hey woman nobody's ready
that's why right there
everybody honey look you wanna harassing
me - now me nothing - misty that guy was
harassing woman going up to the faces
and filming because they're wearing
animal skins or he's harassing them
screaming in their faces and just
filming front of their faces like that
with a phone like literally right from
the face so and nobody stood up so be
slim and shake we had to stand up and
slip it kind of got out of control
you need to chill out man citizen he
kind of did get ass man but you gotta
you gotta control it and be kind I see
get mad before like that and just
literally I would have probably got
violent but I learned not to get far
because when you get in trouble other
batters on this no no get father just
become seriously like I was dude if
you're watching this because I know
they're gonna post it on YouTube one of
them there youtubers one of them being
posted if you watch this man you're a
douche and you're harassing woman that's
what you're doing
hi guys so many hugs
so ham below firing a video done finally
got the video done hamdulillah
video is gonna be come ashore about two
three minutes because this video was
really hard to do but should be up
Sunday Sunday at 1:00 p.m. New York City
time so if you guys want to check it out
Sunday why here technique today I want
to wish everyone eat Mubarak Maddox
everybody surely you guys all have a
good time
Sharla can't wait to see my outfit he
always wears his DC outfit is really bad
the pre-hospital public because we were
filming they had no place to go to and
we're done filming so hamdullah you chat
out to slim for filming this video so
he's so tired he still done it so thank
you slim reach out to him
Bebel an hour to go eat and I'm not the
hungry I'm pretty okay
awesome
water hey Ally so we just got done
eating outside and after we did the
flour we took like an hour nap at the
restaurant and we're so lazy we could
have so many things so
Oh
hi you have me to deliver
personification yeah delivery yours
okay gonna refund it's recording guys
weren't Best Buy right now we have
nowhere to film so we're gonna film it
here hey guys eh first of all first of
all I want to wish everyone a happy Eid
Mubarak if you guys do not know we're
gonna be going on city to city UK tour
from December 20th to January 1st and
tickets are on sale so if you want to
buy tickets check out the description
below for your city your city is not
there yet it will be will keep you
updated reform Connery sketches stand up
and we have a brand new song new form
it's gonna be sick roads me crazy that's
right a lot of our shows are really
unpredictable because views improv also
so you never know it's gonna happen so
you guys don't miss out please come
through buy the tickets and ndu there's
this is the first time we're actually
touring together and this is gonna be
one of the biggest ones
oh my god this is the first time we're
actually going on tour all of us
together at three major so this is gonna
be one of the biggest tours because UK
is the number one country who watches us
it's right honestly we love you can't
understand love you money okay always
goes hard so if you guys see us shout
out the first official tour it'll be
crazy so bio tickets that's it
I can't even oh you win a heart all its
energy because I need something it's
like one o'clock in the morning right
and a country say we're stupid wants you
to be with 800 Steve now sorry thematic
said everybody and Harry sounds tweeted
Edinburgh which is I don't know how we
find it so cool he's the man makes limbs
like really I don't know I just find it
crazy when everything mr. Chia man
respects you when you see Holloway how
did he say yeah okay he says
Eid Mubarak everyone celebrating it
today now you got to say it slower like
a more we're sorry yeah evil bards
everyone right everybody celebrate today
everybody's celebrating Internet
whatever he says however he says it we
appreciate this man it's very cool
you know he's teaching love and unity
and tolerance across all faiths because
you know he's a piece of crowd Krishna
saying this for all Muslims that's
beautiful that's why we Muslims always
say happy Christmas and all you people
out there fish we want love and
tolerance
so shout out to brother shout I feel
like it's a guy so it's time to wrap up
this vlog hope you guys enjoy this vlog
if you did make sure you guys gives like
a thumbs up tickets are now on sale for
the UK city to city tour the seats are
limited so first-come first-serve the
link is down below to get any tickets
I'm so freaking excited I cannot wait
for you guys to see us perform and to
meet you all and just it's have fun with
you guys talk with you guys it's gonna
be like like Twitter in real life I
don't know I like YouTube in real life
like us seeing each other talking and
just having a blast everyone is welcome
to come more info will be down below
this is about three or four cities I
haven't been confirmed yet but they will
be confirmed if it's your city don't
worry be patient we'll keep you guys
updated in a couple days they'll be
ready and you guys can get the tickets
all your friends and family know about
this because I do not want anyone to
miss this it's just gonna be crazy he's
gonna be really organized we can finally
get a regular selfie like a actually
lino actual selfie an actual picture
without you know nobody moving or
anything like that so I hope you'll have
a great eat spend with your family your
friends your close ones enjoy time we're
gonna be having a new video tomorrow on
our main channel finally at 1 p.m. NYC
time so I hope you're all looking
forward to that we'll see you guys
tomorrow with another AC daily vlogs and
a new main channel video hope you guys
ready for the main channel video make
sure that go turkey once it's out I love
your teammates a team three mates do me
gang you guys are the greatest
take care and peace love you
