today's my last day here in New York
City and with the kids I went the home
Lawson how does it handle it up man you
gonna pick out the phone like it he's so
cute
he's probably so he just bad staring at
me and smiling right now
you chilling here you good there I see
you why what I'm gonna pick him up all
right sit down sit down let me ask him
first do you want to get picked up by a
Rhema no he said no yeah why are you so
wet huh in the pool why you so oh my god
what kind of laughs is that what
the walls
Oh
guys we finally landed in NYC we're here
we hope this early and seriously it's
raining right now it's kind of cold I
already miss LA at the same time I'm
gonna go surprise my family my mom is
already calling Slim's mom and she's
like why is Adam not responding and I'm
like yo Lee trying to make it a surprise
like they look for anything to our
mothers and find any way to like look
for their son and everything like she's
pretty good don't worry man they love
getting worried yeah they get worried
but it's all good I'm showing up 20 30
minutes some day I was doing
guys lick before I even came to my house
hi guys I know man I try to surprise you
guys well nosy
what's up Rima how you doing so late
what do you guys do in the coma side cut
you guys know is here
how'd you guys know was here check the
cameras some comedy don't g don't g how
do those here no no it's not that
what the three modules noise here IRA
mom called slim mom is slim mom oh my oh
my god you're sleeping
now you're awake do you miss me NICUs
kiss a bigger kiss a bigger kiss my like
he's gonna come I missed you guys you
know it feels like it's so long it's
been a month
yeah but and then well I missed you so
much
did you miss me how much you miss me
guys I miss my house so much Matt I
haven't seen any like oh my God my room
yeah ma I bet I feel like I haven't been
here for so long yeah I feel like I
haven't been here for so long what yep
I feel like my whole family's here
literally how does that did you did you
miss me the hormone you're what you were
here the whole month what yeah the keys
are already this late comes at door
start rose late for the dyes you guys do
not understand how much I miss my crib
it is like midnight right now my whole
family was waiting outside for me slim
his mom you finished on me to my mom
because mom was worried it's all good
yes you guys gonna follow me you're
gonna follow me everywhere looking
Boston wasn't so shy are you shy for me
why did you miss me you got a ten-mile
sent me to room you got a 10mm Marcin
what's up Marcin how's everything good
what's the new white sauce i for me huh
are you scared you're not scared you
know you hella get this is the longest
I've ever been without seeing my family
without seeing like oh you guys like
how's it going taller me lay my soul I'm
ready pass I relax my shadow you're not
past my head yes mom
you beat you being a good boy yes rimas
he being a good boy
no I think you being was the - vegan huh
yeah I haven't seen Ali so much I missed
guys look
wasn't husband staring at me like this
for like are you okay
hello why you staring at me like that
okay are you okay
what happened he missed me I love you my
son all right
stop staring at me like that Lee he's
creeping me out my G oh my god guys I
leaves right in front of me right now
and he got so much bigger like I cannot
believe it we get ready set go
Ali was Lucy Lucy I said yo Muzzin he
looks just like you do me gang I'm using
my old big camera because my other one
died but I'm here with Ali and like he
got so big I can't believe it I haven't
seen you like one whole month but uh-huh
look here at Lisa all right guys I'm
gonna ask my family question is I'm
gonna start off with my dad baba tell me
what you missed the most about me we're
gonna beat you every day I hope you see
you in the house
thank you yeah my son my G much but in
the building was I'm saying what did you
miss about me the most I miss the most
is your intro the camera being in my
face yeah in hand the noise of you
editing that tonight oh I'm just
disappearing me being stronger than you
not be good Rima what did you miss the
most about me you missed me the most
Oh Oh what did you miss about me you
love me
seriously I miss my family so so much
Ali can you tell them what did you miss
about me so much I knew you're a
favorite uncle you got so big he started
three more people he's almost I missed
him so he got so big
Wow Muslim he's literally your twin well
connect him connection again literally a
clone of you he's young he's a clone of
you he's little brother all right guys
now it's my turn to tell you guys what
did I miss about you know the most about
you guys
Rema what I miss about you is you
literally coming to my room every
morning you know to wake me up and to be
like Adam let's lock let's vlog and just
all your energy so that's what I mean
that's what I miss the most about you
welcome oh well so come Mawson I missed
you being so bad I missed you fighting
with me I missed you being a bad boy I
missed you hitting me I missed you
farting next to me give me a new shoe
nobody give you a new shoe hmm so yeah
that's what I miss the most you being a
bad boy
do you love me oh he loves it look at
him this is the first time I've seen
Boston like not be bad and love me like
even more like I love you someone I love
you and I got you I got your shoes okay
what kind of shoes you want what kind of
shoes you want huh Easy's how do you
know bro like father like son
wait only three years old my geometry I
just want to say I missed um are you
taking off your shirt I'm not gonna what
do you mean you can't do no more your
mom what she all about you
alright then dad you have to sue really
yes stop taking off your shirt she's
looking at it but what I need I missed
you taking off your shirt money you know
is taking all this ba ba I missed I
missed you just literally always being
there for me and always you know helped
me by my side and showing all your love
and just you know you're half cool yeah
you read enough your life you know your
company is already you being like that
you're like my hero I'll miss you always
miss you no matter what everything Ali I
missed you doing the little hiccups you
little hiccup boy you lazy butt huh look
at him Hamas's midnight so he's not even
know that becoming on stage you miss
that boy really soon real soon I promise
right now it's time to sleep right now
guys let me know if you guys want me to
use this camera more often or should I
use the other camera let me know in the
comments below for now I'm gonna and I'm
gonna stick to haven't played for night
for like months months I need to sleep -
yo - you're on I need to sleep and I
need to start off the day fresh tomorrow
I'm back here back home with the home
vlogs today's vlog wasn't really a home
flag was just travel and a little bit of
a home vlog but tomorrow's gonna be lit
do me I'm wrapping up the blog here
thank you guys so much for loving
support make sure you guys leave a giant
thumbs up and go
- no singing doubts or senior dumaguete
miss you guys subscribed because I
upload every single day out so you got
some more I'm so so tired take care and
peace I love you go to sleep go to sleep
go to sleep
mauston he's still aside for me why
