because I'm going to spend the rest of
my life
hey guys what stop to do me dango hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing name you all should be
having an amazing happy day doobie gang
today's video is gonna be a really
serious video and it's kind of gonna be
a really long flight but you guys are
gonna enjoy it because this video means
so much to me and it's kind of like
sloppy all around so we're gonna start
off right now by showing you guys some
cute blog footage that I had from
yesterday you guys didn't see
yesterday's vlog it was about Yusef how
he left Islam and returned and this is
what the vlog is gonna be about me to
tell you guys all the info and I want
you guys to be here with me but we're
gonna start the black by showing you
guys there's the regular blog that I had
that I really didn't show when you have
studies like I met a lot of you guys in
LA Santa Monica I always meet a lot of
you guys every single day and you guys
show so much love thank you guys so much
for all your love and support URIs the
vlog footage for it guys we're done with
the day I'm here with Bianca and I
remember the ace family vet I gave her
my Jersey I didn't vlog me giving a
Jersey and now she's here look this is
the Jersey I played in and I'm a signer
for her so I'm watching all of it thank
you so much like your lovely supporters
definitely
oh hey doji gay we got the fam will be
here how you doing how let me see the
little one
oh she's so cute oh my god she's up
what's her name Andre oh she's a dog I
see by she's so cute
yeah baby miss my family so much I love
you guys look I'm here with no odd the
last time America was in Saudi Arabia
agenda which is pretty crazy man what a
small world I met her in soy degree of
each other and now it's in LA and Ladas
right there yeah wow this is sick man
seriously I hope you guys enjoy your
time out here and I'll let you join it
beach weather is your first time here no
it is very nice hi hi so then after that
do me a I had moved like abusive doing a
lot of nice generous things you actually
paid for someone's like tuition and made
him quit his job and the block finish
for that is right here what's your dream
why they don't because high school it
wasn't really like like I didn't really
like and I felt like I really let down
and so in college I kind of want to
change that did you let yourself down
they did did you like God you can never
let God down
that's why and that's why I wanted to
better I want to change and all I see
listening to him the last couple of days
or weeks out on the how long it's a bit
slow
they say the him speak and meet so out
there and just like its bargain others
it's just like really a little put your
mind it makes you want to believe that
where you are college community Pasadena
but a bit to their worth I don't want to
be that much how much how much money do
you make from your paychecks every month
every month only like a couple hundred
what's they give me a number like four
hundred four hundred was five hundred
times twelve six thousand I'll give you
six thousand dollars to put your job and
just focus on college a wire it over to
you tonight like I'll hit my accountants
up I'll be like I want you to transfer
six thousand dollars to his account you
don't owe me nothing in life but you put
all your energy into college
I'm graduate from college tracks you
make me proud you ain't gonna let me
down you let God make God proud and most
importantly you make yourself proud well
I've just walked up here random I didn't
ask you a single fucking question I
didn't say get the fuck out of here
we're having a private time private
conversation my group actually invited
you to sit down my girlfriend said share
your dream because we love you and
that's all we're trying to do here and
we all want you to graduate I promise
you because they're gonna be with me for
life how many years is gonna take you to
graduate I think community comes like
we're going to that graduation I promise
you cuz I'm buying a giant mansion here
I'm doing some crazy moves right now
behind the scenes I'll throw you the
fattest college celebration party you
can invite all your friends and family
from high school from since kindergarten
and by your mom and by your dad and
we're going to turn off in celebration
of you that night just for having the
guts to come here tonight drive here
know that you're walking up by yourself
you had the fucking courage the courage
that they call me crazy for my staring
you're choosing you're crazy
kill keep being that crazy and if they
call you crazy say yes I am crazy okay
do me and now the blog starts being from
today if you guys do not know any
yesterday's wide use of explains why he
left Islam and a lot of you guys when I
post out my Instagram and on my Twitter
and as I told the guys how Yousef reset
his Shahada and to Aslam a lot of you
guys have been asking like wasn't you
Muslim already he already answered that
and yesterday's blog but the answer is
yes he was already Muslim but the thing
is he went out of his Deen and he
started not to believe in God and he
needed to go back and kind of like
reconvert in a way Blake not really like
kind of like had to like you know I have
a fresh start you know have that
pureness in him and he was ready to do
it but we ended up going to the message
of having a Friday prayer and this was
it do me I really want you guys to show
all your love and support literally my
thumbs up this video leaving a comment
below you know just to keep him you know
keep him positive because Yousef he does
read like literally everything I noticed
out from him
and I do not what it wanted to get to
him because he lets a lot of stuff in
social media it gets him and he shut it
man you know it should be all love which
it is all love you know I'm here to help
him and I want everyone out there to be
helping him too and what people don't
understand is that you know like he's a
human being man and you don't want
someone doing something you know bad or
negative or even hurting himself so I
really want everyone to open the eyes to
show love and to know that this is you
know this is this is real man
so I want everyone to watch it and enjoy
enjoy the vlog of us here it is Friday
right now we're heading to Jamaat prayer
with Yusuf and as you guys know
yesterday usual told you guys in my vlog
why he left Islam but here closer to
Islam everything around you will be much
more you know relaxed and with ease you
know going smooth so I'm on we're going
to the message I just noticed that he's
starting to pray not more often as you
guys heard in my vlog yesterday we're
gonna go we're gonna have a good time
you know as it for kids do I remember
when you're a kid going to like the
message it then you're just like you
know chillin it was like a spot to chill
you know it was as well - yeah like
we're spot to chill I'm praying you know
like this probably with your family or
stuff like that yeah obviously I'll be
honest like I go - who can show but like
poor you know it was going to the
messages and hanging out and chilling it
was a good time so we're gonna do that
today and I'm we're just gonna make sure
everything goes well so I'm it's also
coming through he just had to finish
editing this video go cook we left his
but we're gonna be heading there now so
I'm let's do it sleep in you can't be
sleeping - he's beautiful man
the first every message I want to LA and
out in Los Angeles so excited to go
looks like you - let's do it man this is
so like fancy only in Alayna even they
got security this is Hollywood
I want to come start talking to be you
yeah result I'd listen to your cookie
and I love it I understand it as a
person I know that I have the gift and
the ability to connect with you yeah and
talk to them in ways it's not gonna
scare them but it's gonna make it fun
for them not as a anything but just as a
brother in Islam I don't want to get
paid for this I don't know what I don't
want to do anything because I'm gonna
spend the rest of my life in sha Allah
when I get your car if you can help me
right spread things in all these kids
that they can work we want guys we just
left the Masjid and I'm none of this
like I didn't record it with my flock
Carol you told me not to yeah I told me
not to record anything lots of like
anything it's private and why everything
was private I believe there was another
there was another like a man or Cher I
think it was the friend of the shit and
he like he saw the moment you know what
you tell them what the moment is because
you saw I told Adam and automatic wallet
was happening I said please don't record
this so my intention went into with like
pure yeah as soon as I'm done the shit
gives me a warm hug I basically reset my
Shahada into Islam I was always a Muslim
but to prove to Allah and like my
that I'm intentionally trying to come
back and do what's right
I wanted to restate it there's nothing
wrong with that and the chef invited me
to say it but when I get back in the car
Adam goes
you said the sheriff's friends Eric
dropped me this video my intention was
to not have them record it somebody's
still recorded they gave it to Adam Adam
posted it to spread the message that's
the beauty it's the intention if you
have proper intention everything happens
the way it should I don't want to talk
so much because I'm talking you're
talking no you're talking to this bar
and it's fine don't you talk to smile
I've seen you talk well my last thing
all I ask
I had him knows this is for your love
your guidance and you know your respect
and patience already like I'm off social
media now but I read stuff on Adams
phone you know I I regain my Shahada and
not even for the people for my love for
Allah but if you are still finding
things to say and mean Adam understood
if somebody does that that's on them in
their hearts my focus is on my intention
to my like my lord I don't have to worry
about that that is none of my concern
and shot a lot of that person's fine
finds the love and guidance in their
hearts to understand I shouldn't try to
put my brother down shouldn't try to
pray for him to fall again people are
saying oh he took a shot at today let's
see what religion you trends in America
one thing let me talk thing don't focus
on what other people say it's about you
and I it's about you becoming you know
what you've been doing you invited all
of us for Juma prayer that's what it's
about sign about the person who wrote
something behind a screen they probably
in bed you know say I'm trying
so stop social media on you know say
like we got your back everyone out here
was watching we love you like this
positive vibes to you like all that
positive energy this thing about this I
don't focus on that look how many kids
were happy to see us there yeah yeah and
we got to keep doing that every Friday
prayer if anybody want every Friday if
these people are gonna be on my team and
I'm in LA it's not even an option yo do
you want to come to Friday prayer on
this team it's obligatory
we're getting in the car together I'm
going to pray you can't put anything
over your prayers you can't probably
wore ties anything over your prayers
even if
you have an important meeting for work
and you're gonna miss it you gotta go
off to go to a prayer because that is
that's the test that's the test of life
where are you prioritizing your Deen
over this dunya and I get that now and
then sha Allah how many of that will all
protect each other keep each other
strong there's art like simply literally
the the one thing about Islamic Twitter
and Muslim Twitter and even Middle
Eastern wherever you are we have a hard
time supporting each other and we like
to hit it's like that even with like
without social media in the country in
the country shouldn't be like we just
had great love life literally just with
visiting bradley martyn gym and just
having a good time so here it is he was
popping with a homie Chris you know I'm
so random but literally keemstar and
Yusef and everyone we just bumped into
each other I thought it was a big city
you just run into everyone here that you
know like boy it's like you look at this
be following or that I thought they were
doing a way in or something like that
they're good they give each other
pounded good again money so i'ma give
him that to watch my videos last night
and he got inspired by the homeless
person
Oh taller me okay when you should get
these at higher Heights all good Oh
muscle guys we just got done with a big
big interview
Bradley Martin in gym pieces right how
was the interview yo I loved it I loved
it he wasn't trying to get and what's
the new liars
no time I'd ever say shit and he should
take over everyone that's controlling
buddy
Bradley Martin man he's the one man
shoutout Bradley morning right there
this is him you mean chill on his bicep
I was just showing how your bicep is
like it's like like yo is dope see it's
so it's yeah
sir see man as I was saying inside rally
Martin his gym is here this is the man
have a shot him up rocks introduce you I
was telling about the interview that
went on oh yeah and how it was like am i
amazing it was probably the best
interview like because because he was
come with me everything was calmly with
others he was bugging out was going
crazy I feel like I got that a comment
like it was nice it was deep man and I
heard everything like in there and
listening and I'm sorry about hear about
I know I'm saying I should be you like
so much yeah just just recently I mean I
I just started do it by myself
absolutely as you just did it in there
you're gonna draw real attention that's
all right cause oh you check but you'll
sure cast a story he's not creating news
videos and interviews to try to defame
somebody or hurt somebody's if you have
no motives yeah it was really good oh
yeah it was usually you Jim in the
outside just looking I was going on this
is my first time in Roseau I was really
good
take finite Doria is like like the
six-pack is they're gonna do to get this
six to that do we gank this is Daniel's
wife you guys enjoyed it make sure you
guys doing a thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys for much for love and
support I'm ending the vlog here
tomorrow official officially I'm going
back home to New York City I'm
surprising my family the thing I'm
coming back on Monday I'm actually gonna
be back tomorrow so I can't wait to
surprise now this has been the longest
like of my life away from my family like
oh my life a month is like the longest
you guys know me man I'm like a family
guy so I'm so excited to surprise them
and do me and not forget to subscribe
because I upload every single day see
you guys tomorrow take care and base I
love you
