what you want to add them what's up you
do me gang I hope you're having an
amazing a because I'm having an amazing
day so if I'm having an amazing day you
all should be having an amazing happy
day we changed our location once again
we're in a hotel we're supposed to be
going to another everybody but we ended
up going to a hotel because we feel like
a hotel much safer especially after all
the robberies that we had you know with
every amis and after all the pranks we
did me and drew home he drew us up team
Adam and Andrew knows it
let's do it let's do it now we're in a
hotel were actually in a really big
hotel in Hollywood it is looking so so
don't reason why I'm show this right now
is because I'm about to get a haircut
but seriously man I'm just being in an
Airbnb because it's like you know it got
us all connected us nothing now like
we're all in separate rooms itself like
I miss you I miss you like seriously
me too man I was bored he's gonna get
his cut someone's gonna get his cut you
know I'm saying you know get my cup I
don't homey
Terrell why here to ride though man
doing good without the og in LA you know
what I'm saying
i'ma show you guys he had before right
now how little we gotta cut like a few
days ago by I'm soma is that weird or
not
let's go snake pray I don't mess it
fresh you know saying some people think
is weird because like just a few days
but it's a bad habit Saul good night we
gonna do it go get this cut
guys 30 minutes later I am done with my
cut huge shout-outs at home he took high
spike kiddos in tarrallton room at
around
he shot I said Oh mediator oh man I
appreciate it thank you so much now that
I got a cut everyone else wants a cut
drew once I got why not
slim want to cut anyone I'm saying but
am I gonna cut his hair too because he
has a date tonight listen let's go ask
about his date guys look at this why is
a man in a room handicapped room look
room for handicapped so are you a
handicap like this question no so why
are you in a room oh you're just trying
to finesse the more space the bigger
bathroom but in the room or what yeah
room is bigger than ours man they got a
big why ya got a mention up in here man
you gonna get a cup I'm just gonna why
you want a good lineup I got my my girl
good girl
let's go your girl and crush girl oh
it's been it's been she's been on the
roster yes sign she's first ring like
she's starting like that's it when is
she coming cuz I wanna show her in the
vlog like you know what are we going out
a little bit I know our plan they don't
know their plan like hospitals phone and
hasn't ordered one thing in the past
four days you know my post mates is
awarded I used to eat yeah don't matter
what son doesn't there cuz he's still
gonna be like yeah I still gonna be
looking at her I might just mad cuz you
got a fresh fade you know I'm saying
boys wrong yo who got fresh your faith
how am I just fun this Linda how did you
think this I'm so curious so good let me
see your line that you have okay Adam no
that means it's to grow internally I'm
gonna get it so I'm gonna get it next
guy
so get her or not yeah yeah I'm gonna
get mine let me see you let me see ya
guys be ready I'm gonna get that right
there I do he gave I see yeah
yeah see I don't evolve into another
they do it love will get a right to your
model status I got it's about to go let
me get the line to see how it goes
you said you'd do it you think she'd do
it this side okay it's cold and because
respo Thank You Man appreciate you guys
freshen up
who else's hair do you uh have you cut I
have youtubers I'm talking to the
Margaret rice comes here to the cloud
every other day come he's been to your
girl's house Oh
Turo house he Carrington is crushed
lives in the clouds so he's been to the
clouds so you can see what you know you
know you get pretty much hugging is cool
Danny Lee a soccer player wrote really
very good guys I got it look at this
like thank you so much man I appreciate
it
those are amazing bro thanks yeah thank
you looks like you
she says she's better be all over me bro
I'm gonna introduce the world everyone
look the whole duma gang to kherington
you know saying oh this is yeah right
now you're juicing up to a breezy 4.0
this is an early release date so like
you guys plan on having kids and stuff
like I mean we got named the first time
on so Carrington is part of hogging yeah
does that mean you're gonna be protocol
game leaving us what damn books my loyal
to me get up a tier the greatest
romantic a flat boy is the greatest
wingman of them ask Adam I'm a temper
tantrum what have you been saying it's
like going to DM you I didn't you got me
nothing man what I'm 25 years old and
I'm single it's not my fault no I'm a
master oh no you got me
hi guys what keeps our just uploaded
this video and it's a really fun he's
doing like a documentary on Yusuf Weezy
soup I know a lot of you guys you guys
have so many questions and as I told you
guys real soon I'll let you guys know
more info on my perspective and
everything that went on but seriously
the documentary was so so funny and I
had me and slim in there and like you
can kind of know this Q star is trying
to want to make us look bad in a way you
know I'm saying cuz that's how he always
is but it actually got us dying like I
got is just laughing like really like
what the hell brother I cringed oh so
bad because they his uh when little pop
you brought me on stage yeah I know
there's a guy - blip puppy you guys
gonna see on his channel so cringy bro I
just put a guard road I was hoping no
one found that clean he found it
put I know I know and everybody's clips
I saw a bit poppy like I was in except
this one the biggest if you guys if you
guys don't know who lit poppy is you
guys will know soon it's so so funny
it's like I love it it's like it's that
memory no one will ever forget who lit
poppy is you know
so why don't you sing for us
I don't want you heard anyone's ears you
know they have a blog you know but yeah
Slim is gonna he has a good he has a
good video objects explain himself yeah
and there's another part where you show
that no one came to the show that's when
people were going in the show that was
actually like a thousand five hundred to
two thousand people at the venue like
that's something you can't like you
can't deny the fact like me slim we've
been sold out crowds just ourselves so
use of doing that whole event he sold it
out within second and obviously some of
the tickets they were out of state but
literally like to get almost two
thousand people in like two to three
days it's like you know that stops right
so it's crazy how keemstar just looks
for anything to try to make it look bad
even though it's so positive he goes to
like everything to try to make it seem
so negative but I guess that's his job
you know saying that's how he makes
money that's how he makes money so
that's what you got to do you got to do
what you gotta do you know I'm saying
you gotta do what you got to do it
speeds orders for your kids for your mom
three daddy you know I'm saying to be
enough you look turtle no but uh yeah
anyways we're all getting cuts today was
just a long day of us like literally
moving out and then moving in here
come home he's coming back soon
what about you Martin I'm gonna come
home for a fortnight where's he gonna
clear for a night with lady baby hi Ali
hi what's up Papa
oh yeah done that what are you doing
just keep us thinking about food I know
you're always good Adam
just want to tell you guys see you later
