hey guys what's up the boom again I hope
you all having an amazing thing because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
an amazing that you all should be having
an amazing happy day I'm out here in LA
today we're going to Rodeo Drive
it's a place in Beverly Hills I don't
know Cristiano Ronaldo up in there that
was right it's like all the Gucci spots
what is it what is wrong everything it's
like it is
oh man I don't think I belong there man
I'm not bothered I don't think you're
ready for that bro and out of solid
person houses and stuff like that no I
just feel like buying a lotta you know
like brand itself is just crazy a lot of
youtubers do that so this where I'm
gonna make my own booty I'm gonna make
my own fashions kind of kind of warm
massage so I'm gonna cut the sleeves off
this look so I'm wearing purple shorts
LeBron's on right here you're like oh hi
songs I like the high socks you like the
highs are I like where'd you get those
from I'm a secret man I can't tell you
dad and it's just a tank top I might put
this on top sup Australia rapid you guys
like like oh measuring not like like a
little what if one sleeve is I just feel
like what is it exactly I got it I got
it trust me art man's part oh you should
just wear these I'm an artisan tell me
I'm really no I promise you it's gonna
look so they're like the hardy brothers
what I promise he's feeling so good man
I might be let me know if it's good or
not got you you think what I think it's
tough
I think chef
you won't you won't stay with that
that's clean I don't like a lot that's
clean me with the kicks
oh yeah just cut it phone hi guys we
just pulled us on your Adams ugly
dollars in two of our guys so we just
pulled up all the way oh job we just
pulled up in or do drive we're here like
look at this like it's like only like
rich people like shop here and stuff
which again then the seriously man yeah
what who's he what the hell yo guys
Samia you guys will definitely get
expensive shopping yeah where'd you come
from in Mexico you can see do I look
burned and that's a real rich boy stuff
right yeah no I maja burnt
oh yeah let me see actually I'll tell
you when you go like that oh you are
definitely you see that look I'm having
low chill out I said I'm gonna go to the
beach yeah what who the heck will buy
that music what the heck we'll buy that
you know Balenciaga buy this what the
hell
nice to meet you go mission subscribe to
my channel I already do it best channel
yeah guys pretty much this is Rodeo
Drive
it's Drive right here look it mean is
cool it's cool but New York is cooler
you know I'm Rodeo Drive
Am I why he's always eating ice cream
ice cream truck so I did the key
challenge and well the cheeky challenge
I cashed his vlog and it's only right we
just did a shaky challenge collab yours
was way more late though cuz you're in
the middle of the street not on your
nose like hi guys we're now leaving
Rodeo Drive I'm so sorry you guys but
yeah put me in the back what do you have
it's really comfortable I feel like I'm
in like a first class flight like his
masked face I could put my legs out I
could lay down like a chair we're
heading to San Monica beach laughing I
mean they're like what the hell is he
doing this yeah I'm good man do me gang
this is my first time ever trying these
random scooters here in the middle of
the street in LA you crazy bro I also
have a wife who was an electric bike
come on you got to remember oh
guys I'm trying I ready oh yeah
oh I went so fast yo this is dangerous
guys I'm doing one hand don't do it it's
meddling I'm even holding onto the brake
this is dangerous
I'm the first to vlog and electric
scooter at the same time oh my god is
people there oh shoot oh shoot sorry
drew it up guys we just went on a crazy
crazy ride from Santa Monica beach Tracy
to Venice Beach with the birds like how
it sold out now about to take a flick
together I know bro you almost felt like
hi guys we just got off the birds I
didn't really vlog much on the birds
literally and he was driving everywhere
bro blasting music never had their eyes
on you know who's crazy why I do it
hey guys say what's up yeah I got you
guys yeah guys we just finished eating
and I have an empty read the bottle game
on scene taking it back back into the
hood slim got his fifth refill come on
man Oh times are hard
guys look at this man is so soothing a
little girl doing it Mardis is so sweet
she's killing it let's go kill it
Hey
dancing
go at Madrid I told you I am your dad
should I get it or not I don't know
that's you bruh bruh
this past weekend we've been like this
be on the same wave we move out the unit
you gotta get that it do me gank we just
got inside our home here in LA and me
and drew we came with Caius it was just
us two yg a madness limited tickle uber
so they're not gonna be here to like
another 10 15 minutes we came up with
this crazy crazy idea to literally hide
all their goods all their stuff and
pretend that they got robbed as you guys
know we got robbed a few months ago in
the bay so slim and hua ji they're gonna
bug out I meant I don't know if he's
ever been pranked or nothing but how do
you think you're gonna react out of
Jersey I know I get robbed in an OG
today and you might run away and deal
I'll show you do it that's a mom hide
every TV they take it to you how are you
put to you all right let's see where she
whips you let's go drew let's go Jupiter
bro they definitely check everywhere
like let's put the TV here we're gonna
make this extra action dope all right
let's go get it oh oh this is this is
Emma's room I think come on man he loves
this man he has a crush on keratin I'm
exposing you you have a crush on her so
imma let me use some hear what the
people is doing that robbed us he was a
happy man you is this happy with this is
just long enough you know there's no a
bag over here and your laptops anything
on his wallet his wallet his watch you
gotta watch yo I'm gonna hide you're
easy to I'm talking to be more realistic
right yeah this laptop is fresh how do
you know
popped up here mess up the bed a little
bit mess up his bed one pair of shoes
gone cord patients been then I loop it
of my chest real quick why just smells
good man it's not like hair sighs I've
been then I must stink but what you're
good let's go to splints or something
the main thing is Slim's laptop oh we
got to do is hide the laptops mess up
the clothes and we're good that's it
they're gonna freak the eff out like you
know like I'm down a little bit got you
yeah we're gonna have to make a phone
call man we're gonna have to make a
phone call hey guys I'm a kolache as
YG's the one always picks up the phone
and uh
what the hell call I have enough
clapping oh yo amen
yo you know where are you guys yo how
far you guys we just got robbed your
family just got robbed but you guys
didn't come here like right now we
brought all of our stuff who got robbed
again some knows and why'd you ask them
ask them hurry up hurry okay okay just
come now please man please
Oh God
we grow these dirtbag intake is laundry
bro Sam you take everything we check
where the doors open
yo my easy everything's done from oh my
god bro really gone oh well this
has happened twice to us making right
here two pairs we go
Louie better get everything back yes man
the bathroom I don't know I just thought
it was like I don't know look like you
got like you know I'm not I'm not I'm
not gonna I think one of some of your
shoes aren't in bed some of the one in
the closet some of them in the bathroom
yeah that was sick
let's go team Adam and Andrew man let's
do a dimitru we did it let's go orbit oh
do you find your clone for your father
I'm happy for you another kherington
tonight tonight like he reminds me of
like my little brother you know like my
son knows it Wow make sure you guys
thumbs up this video if you guys enjoyed
it smash that like button do not forget
to subscribe because I upload every
single day do me young I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care and
