I hope you are having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day do me
gang today is the day July 15 and it is
also Slim's birthday everyone is
gathering up getting ready we're about
to head to the venue so let's start off
his life by giving it a giant thumbs up
and do me getting huge shout out to
France they want I got the France Jersey
right here I'm gonna turn it up right
after you know I'm saying is gonna be a
World Cup celebration see it was down
here
Oh what do you expecting today for July
15 what do you expect Andrew Drake Oh
some what do you expect this on July 15
seriously what do you expect them for
July 15 thoughts your thoughts before
well honestly I'm spitting at a crazy
man this show full of craziness for I
don't see a lot of bro we would be
there to witness all the behind the
scenes so the greatest man let's do it
what about you see I'm just it won't
work bang yeah oh I like that happiness
oh let's do it
boy I'm expecting just a girl positive
one night and I'm let's see how it goes
we see you guys shop guys this is a
serious serious talk before we go to the
van everything I want to do something
that I've always wanted to do but I've
always been afraid but as you guys know
from like a month or two ago I met yg
they're brothers you know those
beautiful Pakistani boys and I'm saying
that right here next to me and obviously
you know when you're brothers you have
issues here and there and I noticed some
times that I've been here like they
don't speak to each other sometimes
they'll go but come in different cars
like literally I'm like like come on so
now meeting a slim chance we're gonna be
but as a Jerry Springer like we're gonna
fix like we're gonna make you guys hug
each other today uh-huh we need to make
you guys hug you too other today
seriously most about my G+ deposit yeah
what do you what do you love that means
you got to take one step closer one step
closer okay are you watching you gotta
tell us all right what do you love most
I love I like you gu finish which is all
I'll care you like goofy nation is just
fun to be around
yeah especially kind of like slim like
you know just goofy okay so since to go
a little closer all right okay I wanna
tell you guys we're all like yo says
wall brothers yeah and like yo there's
always gonna be ups and downs especially
with you two like brother wise but you
you each have like like you have a
superstar in you have superstardom you
have your own swag sir see I don't
understand as I'm saying this it you
don't saying both you guys you know yeah
brother literally I can't believe that
brothers man you know I'll be so happy
if I had a brother who doesn't seem as
me and I've seen
my little brother he's off his own
camera malte brother you got three kids
you know you know looks like yeah should
be yeah should be yeah yeah chemise
Tennessee's man well I want you guys to
love one another you don't have to
always be together it doesn't mean you
have to always be loved as always man
you do that guys we just got here look
at this look at this hello peoples keep
walking
wanna hear the word once we get to the
guys we've just got backstage there's so
many people here this might be a crazy
day like in the books I'm seeing man I
guess all the artists are coming it I'm
literally being MC its livestream the
show was like three four hours long it's
just starting so I gotta be like I gotta
change my job and be an emcee right now
I gotta be you know a hype man I got
nothing up the best I'll be the best MC
whatever you want to tell me to do I'm
doing not saying cuz I can't beauty was
do for love me this is my boy Ron
thank you guys so much for coming other
social support volunteer
even evacuated from the show who do not
know what's going on something really
fishy is going on literally LAPD is out
here
so the show was canceled I don't know
what to say I don't know what to say
crazy
you ripped it off
it's like where it is we're like in a
cage right when he kicks animals when a
kid
apparently there's helicopters up right
now every performance artist is
literally out here there's gonna be a
big surprise and like a big shock and
this happened it's actually haters out
this was legit like go all out to do
something seriously do not get somewhere
up there helicopters a joke guys man so
the whole show was canceled I want to
say yeah I'm sorry but like there was
like a bomb threat that we're not I know
yeah I'm so sorry
yes it's confirmed it was gonna be the
best show so what happened history yeah
man this guy drove six hours and what's
your name Matthew Matthew chatter -
Matthew man I'm so sorry I apologize on
use of staff and everyone's behalf but
seriously like meeting you guys
I don't know where he is Bhama yeah I'm
here I'm God's plan you had to be you
got feed to that fellow was like thank
you guys so much without seriously thank
you guys hi guys so we got a whole gang
guy
um there yeah they try to stop the show
it was gonna be a crazy crazy dog show
but now user was there he's gonna
deliver it let's do it let's do it man
oh man that's ready no no come on look
at this this looks like some Martin
Luther King is that good yeah good
down
guys this is unbelievable service I'm
trying to get slim and everything out
from inside I met everyone everything
has went completely upside down look the
whole place is shut down they don't look
the whole freakin place is shown on it
don't be getting I'm back here at our
crib in LA I just want to say a huge
shout out to every single one you guys
who came out tonight it was seriously an
amazing amazing time even though it was
just for Howard literally like thousands
and thousands of you guys still came
like to have a show that was organized
just like four or five days and you guys
still coming up showing a lot of love
max so much and then someone literally
had to do a bomb threat like a hater
literally had to do that it's all good
enough that whatever happens is God's
plan unless plan also I see all over
Twitter people are spreading this rumor
that I got shot that is not true I'm
perfectly fine I'm good luck I have
normal I do not know why that rumor
started but please end that rumor no one
got shot is just really weird seeing
people saying I got shot when I didn't
get shot and it's crazy how a rumor can
spread this fast so adieu me gang I do
not know what to say I should say thank
you guys so much for love and support
I'll talk to you guys a lot more about
this I was literally in last minute MC
like I try my best I gave my all I did
my thing for you guys for everyone out
there who came through even if you guys
weren't part of the new beginning I
still did if you guys are still trying
to you know hire you guys up making fun
if you guys seriously was supposed to be
a shock wave like it was I didn't want
to say anything yet I hope you guys
wanted for never consumed I just want to
say I love you guys so much thank you
guys so much good loving support
take care and peace
