if you give me if you give me three free
bandanas I'll give you mommy
hey guys what's up to do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day it is a beautiful
sunny day I'm starting it off with the
homegirl what's up man how's it going I
don't go nice to meet you man go go meet
you what's your name Jason Jason I see
me tradition away from huh la la hey
shout out to the homies in a lab light
Thank You Man Monte thank you so much I
appreciate it thank you I appreciate
that
oh they got a popsicle bandana Ben Dana
Adam is back remember Ben then Adam or
not I don't you know you're bending Adam
his boat and he decided it was really
like yeah like that how much should have
been then is 35 a piece yo that's how
you know they're good $35 per video look
at this one man and they're made this is
one chew and one truly about these is
cutting songs yeah basically our fabric
shot and I piece it up for you oh wow
and it comes like oh you don't have to
like folding right guys I'm copy three
bandanas man and then Adam is back by
tomorrow
well thank you so much I appreciate it
man anytime
one thing I love about a lays the heart
and like
it's out here I hate a witness now guys
we also have to hold me I've met the
muffin here look at that a little
difficult right now yeah he hates me man
serious she does she doesn't like yy-you
were her you don't have the relationship
that her and I are really only messes
with me
muffin see like y'all just look awkward
right now now she likes me now y'all
just look like no is this yeah I must
steal I'm gonna steal muffin from you
know what I'll stop that was filming
inside me and it's a crazy crazy game
this project it's so so fast but it's
going so amazing July 15 is gonna be so
dope I cannot wait so happy to be a part
of it because it's gonna be him you
don't prevent I don't say in July 50
like 15 which left you gonna turn out
like this hey hey let's see what happen
follow cell uses dog to people
man you're missing out man
you guys like you only save ten lives in
a month no you give me if you give me
three free bandanas I'll give you money
yes dad he said run it gives you a tray
wait one two he said I'm sorry man yes
three bandanas muffin I love you but
like he's main that is gonna look dope
on me Vincent
hi guys we're still in Melrose Yousef is
here this is like literally crazy man
look at this thing he has to do
everything silent so no one won't eat
anything so you don't see literally my
hair like everyone is just like they're
looking boom already already so what's
up make it move making movies make it
Helen everyone she just hit the dip
Oh John likes that's better
beep this brush cutter top you know same
alright guys well you have no I haven't
seen Adam in a really long time to be
like I really really really missed him
you know he's been gone away from New
York for so long
last time I seen him was actually here
in LA that's the last time I saw on and
I really missed him bro you know I
really missed him you notice the longest
actually you know been away from it mean
I'm not used to this I'm not used to it
man
so I actually been seen it was like this
little series that Yousef was doing at
home like he was like messing with him
in his sleep you said i'ma show you how
to do this shit the right way okay this
how you mess with Adam sleep I've been
doing this for years so we don't me show
you how we do it look at him isn't he so
perfect look you so you oh my god it's
an escape yes pretty good night
someone's staring at you while you sleep
I'm gonna bet mean Adam took a flight
once and he put his feet in my mouth so
you know what this is revenge this is
revenge town but I was just on a super
long flight you know so let me get my
long thirty seven hour flight sock
you move it
I'm pretty much just son Adam and pretty
much you look at my son now yeah I just
kissed
my sock Oh turn off the light - no guys
man seriously I was trying to stay up
I'll try to stay up for you but then
like I somehow slept like cuz you been
this old lady like one but I'm not sure
down we can go get some in an hour I
have four so yeah you know I'll go even
after that sleep for the tomorrow's a
new day
yeah then after that's gonna be slippery
July 15 nah man is always staying young
you don't say 24 24 always starting to
snow young man we're young in the
YouTube game everyone else on YouTube
they're like 40 years old 45 35 like me
slim was everyone
like oh my god yes oh so your honor see
almost like that laughs I feel like I
was knocked out cold for like 20 minutes
and then after I just dude just woke me
up man like I don't know the whole past
few days I've just been sleeping and
like I've been knocked out like for like
I don't know I don't know because I've
been tired exhausted understand bro you
know wait wait too long bro I know I've
been with more low inflation with
Jillian yeah I know man let's kill me I
said you understand some understands it
man you understand how crazy he's coming
in he's gonna ruin up the whole room
with this stuff no no no no no no I
don't want no no no because then then my
future wife's gonna say no like you know
I find no it's nice I mean it's just
like this makes me wish I was looking
for stuff I was looking for stuff yeah
why it's like a jungle here bro what
guys I'm good i-i'll show yours after
I'll show us after me me what this
before I watch what's he after
what's he after anyways I'm uh we're
gonna go out to in a Nam and the blog if
you guys are ready make sure you guys
get this vlog of giant thumbs up July
15th
I cannot cannot wait all positive vibes
some ah yeah so you guys tomorrow do not
forget to subscribe if you guys haven't
subscribed take care of air base I love
I love
