today is a rainy day feel so depressing
Machel rimas knocked out we must wake up
Rima board I want to play dream on you
wake me up when I'm sleeping when I play
now I'm wake you up cuz I wanna play
every mom wake up hmm wake up wanna
fight you wanna fight three minute
matter you know more she's taking a bath
maybe like that huh your bubbles your
bubbles where's the balls up there you
will use it or no it was a cheese cheese
Rima say cheese well you looking at me
like that
she's mad cause I put water under that's
why you mad supper water honey huh I'm
sorry mom yeah he's at cheese Rima it's
literally so cold
hey come on put your legs you just put
your leg in that's good we didn't
qualify to get him out Adam leaves look
it's you're a bitch yes bitch you did
there's something over here so what
happens to your stomach when you get
stuck in the locker room you'll have it
inside of it getting stuck to light your
hair it's a nice oh we've got this hole
right here this whole floor for
ourselves
come on wake up come on
it was all a dream I used to read Word
Up Magazine huh say would you put on one
item
you're a loser Adam I mean the biggest
loser between your anything yeah
shake it like Oh No Limit looking at the
mirror shake it taking selfies with the
heck of good luck
crazy people do I'm just ripped have a
shirt off my drew they go okay walk oh
so you say that oh hey me stuck free
camera
no added butt is so wet that you put a
stain on the chair that's how real man
works out - look I'm gonna do it - watch
I'll meet your mighty you can't stick it
to ready signal easy pay for it wait for
it
hey let's check Posse migrate to the
bottom so we just destroyed these guys
in Boston cuz of me I'll stop playin I'm
saying how it rings me doesn't work
enough so huh I don't know I just feel
like I'm never doing it look I worked
out for like literally for hours and
basketballs I have cardio got our
utilities man I'm never doing it look I
so we finally got done at the gym and
play some basketball
- we show these guys most of their
buttons oh man will them man
