listen I have to tell you something
Adams gonna move here with me forever
hey guys what's up Adam again I hope you
are having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing that you all should be happy
amazing happy yeah do me gang I'm not
therefore I'm wearing the same clothes
Yousef is getting randomly checked
because the lady movie was she just
wanted to randomly check him he is where
is he he is somewhere there getting
checked we were heading to LA it's about
to be a dope dope amazing time Australia
I love you guys let's see where's your
sister
Thank You y'all she checked Yuki
checkmate music Jessica she knew who I
was no that was cute has a crush on you
man she's like let me check that booty
we all ma we're heading how long is the
flight like a 1213 right now for the
biggest event team literally guys you
guys are gonna be so proud of both of us
July 15th no summary again 11 oh now we
know more information oh oh the king is
back I look around it's not the same
Oh July 15 in LA more info coming soon
um we literally just finally put our
plate
when I got the need my gosh we're
getting our food right now Youssef okay
your ma will be from the oh ma make sure
July 15 check out for July you know who
he is
oh he does a July 15 you see I'm gonna
be your promoter from now on man don't
say it
this dude got acne cream on his feet
he's taking pictures hey let me
confidence one listen I know why the
king is back I look around it's not the
same
what does that mean man come on tell us
literally as I was telling you guys this
whole blog is probably going to be in
the airport and in the plane it's all
good it's not stopping me from vlogging
it took me six hours to upload
yesterday's vlog so if you guys missed
it
make sure you guys go check it out I
mean use of religious vlogging on the
ground no saying the world is changing
guys we're at the airport Yusuf is
randomly selected once again second time
first one was across this time was
serious it was just like go randomly
go inside positive ID oh hi guys we put
this plate so last minute and I'm
literally sitting in an emergency exit I
like this thing can just open up like
this is so scary because you're asking
first are you willing to help everyone I
really help myself you know I'm saying
just in case an emergency happens I'm
helping myself we're gonna go over the
Pacific Ocean this is the view Australia
bye bye I love you
adieu me getting 15 hours later we're
finally in LA and I feel so so grateful
to be back here because the weather is
so warm Yousef how long was help how
good was flavor it was very good you
slept I know you most guys you know what
I'm gonna do let me do a whole
compilation of like you said waking me
up I'm done
what what that's done we here do Muse
were getting along everything was going
good I posted a video of waking up Adam
some people were getting very sensitive
no so hard for us stop let him sleep I
said you know what I'm done you're not
I was I was giving you guys
behind-the-scenes footage of Adam 24/7
Adam doesn't most social media I was
giving you that I've done but I still
wait you up to in your sleep - so I
guess telling me done sleep all you want
miss miss July 15 no no I'm gonna call
muffs in right now and I'm gonna tell
him that I'm staying with you forever
use of her yeah
the series is uh yeah like how many
Remos that my phone has a phone
yeah she does way better this you see I
think is most enough let's say already
ha choice of share share so young I are
gonna FaceTime face
hi how are you yeah because how are you
gonna move here with me forever he's
gonna come live with me is that okay oh
oh most that I'm staying with him I'm
not coming back I said I'm not coming
back
you know I'm not coming back monster
what do you mean yeah
no I'm not coming to your house I'm not
coming signal fancy say how you doing
Boston I miss you how much do you miss
me how much do you miss me like how much
a lot oh you missed me 20 hours all
right
wait Rima she's not here
all right tell her I miss her okay
okay bye what's poppin alley guys like
alia he got bigger hi he's laughing now
I didn't haven't seen him laugh what's
up Ali look at all he's laughing here he
smiled you're he's what's up G he got
bigger
he got so big I have to feel like I
haven't seen him for so long I miss you
oh I wasn't talking to you mustn't
I miss Ali bye Ali I miss you i'ma see
you soon okay weapon what yeah we're
gonna go to bouncy house yeah
at least my Lily
no good you just woke up say what's up
to the vlog it's popping geez
where's Rima Muhsin
your ape tell metell me I'm never coming
back all right I'll see you guys about
to go here by moss and your baby
you
