six cake donut on the table hey guys
yeah yeah I heard but make sure you guys
follow me on Twitch crime
aguma gank what is poppin I'm with the
boys this is our last few moments
together good yo seriously man this
comes together going by one and see
something but you have ten seconds there
everyone has ten seconds this is a
little goodbye and iover is here so we
have my time my question may go
seriously what's your confession every
one of you guys I want to say I love you
guys and it's always great memories with
you guys man I just want to say yo man
that you guys are the fun company man
yes I always have a good time
some sick by the way that's because I've
been like whenever I look at what you
guys just feels like I've known you guys
forever like I grew up with y'all it's
like it's like I known you all for so
long but it's only been like a couple
years yeah that's why education as well
what cus I want I love everybody
responds oh yeah Wow what I had a really
great time here I always loved hanging
out these guys couldn't catch a ball
doom again we're all heading our ways
right now I'm going on tour they're
going to New York he's going back home
to LA I'm so so excited um yeah let's
get started
do me gang I'm here with the homie
Watchi West in the building man without
with you more with children I'm always
till just say without you always feeling
this is our first ever challenge video
together the guys they went back to New
York City I have a few hours till my
flight to go to Australia and I'm
deciding you know what let's do it
before we start the challenge I just
want you guys to know that no hard
feelings watching all of it were always
super friendly and um uh we will see
what happens we'll see what happens come
on guys gonna be organic it's gonna be
fun and I feel like a lot of you guys
will enjoy it yeah it's called
impersonating youtuber have you ever
done that
I've never let's start off so pretty
much we're just gonna name a youtuber
and both of us we're not gonna
impersonate and then you guys can decide
who did who did better for accurate
who's more accurate the first one is
Molag oh man oh my god has he got a
British accent yeah alright looks like a
British that is hard
oh yeah is burst America yeah a British
to break your little device alright yo
yo yo yo guys what's up I can't believe
it I have a Lamborghini right next to me
what's up boy so today we're gonna be
reviewing the new McLaren m1 sixty-five
hundred three to ten thousand him is
just a nice car and we started off
pretty hard
oh that's bad okay kind of bad mo Chou
tout two of our separate for going on
this in this affair on the device money
cakes and so many get shout out money he
has like it's to buy exactly
it's Brittany here I'm gonna try again
again hey guys just post your new video
make sure the swipe up is crazy just
post a new video it's crazy
so I poppies these these are Gucci
slippers
Cristiano Ronaldo gave me these he
signed it on the shoe and he gave it the
big kiss and gave it to me I don't know
okay we're also with EMI Haji tonight
your hives do these poses we get lots of
new poses no he just got braces taken
off so like you know after you get your
braces off you always want to smile but
this one I'm seeing him I'm actually
gonna see him tomorrow like I'm going on
tour with him and he's doing
motivational speaking so I'm let's it's
gonna be kind of easy I think is easy
now that I got your attention what are
you doing what are you doing if you are
sleeping why are you sleeping chase your
dreams ladies and gentlemen go out there
grind and never stubs keep grinding now
that I got your attention I just want to
say always chase your dreams man always
do what you love because if you love
what you do in love what you say you
better love what you go where you go now
that I got your attention law of
attraction Vadra sign he is a really
good motivational I'm really like you
went up on your stuff pops up I think
like it actually like it so true
oh dude Thank You AJ speaking fast I get
real hundred percent she's a hundred
thousand really even though she's you're
just playing around he's now that I got
your dick alright the next one is Austin
from the a Sven okay
Adi so we recently just like heard him
speak and I I think it'd be Nobby yeah
but like how no he's not okay ready do
it already
you sure let's go let's just get right
into it okay I don't know what's going
on let me try it cool my were you all
muchacha una muchacha baby baby you're
looking so good you might quit baby you
looking really bad baby thank you so
baby oh my oh my damn you looking fine
much sorrow baby banks ah baby are you
so cute oh my god baby Wow okay baby
keep it quite making a video okay I'm
sorry babe babe but my so baby hold ah
judge now I'm gonna act like lol she's
dude she's so cute
so adorable but okay listen you can give
me a princess Oh Baby how you doing
who's your daddy princess who's your
daddy you love daddy
I love you love daddy oh you're so cute
princess come here princess are you so
cute Clinton the next one is ninja he is
I love is probably the biggest youtuber
right now like he grew so much
subscribers and like he plays for a
night all day um yeah I don't you ninja
you didn't know how to do ninja in
general how do you do ninja Mele he's
always like in a peachy
they're like streaming like play for
Navigant what does he say we're like
Thank You Steven for 1000 it's aa double
pump guys like a lil yachty Drake the
other day like aren't you're drinking
I'm ninja 6 k don't on the table hey
guys yeah yeah I heard but make sure you
guys follow me on Twitch crime yeah
guys guys we have 600,000 live streamers
right now watching us Drake if you tweet
it out and put an oyster game story
suppose I got yeah it'll get a million
I'm playing with ninja I think to come
to a thank you Michael the next one is
Logan Paul you gotta be
my neck bullshit Oh next one is
canceiied okay how do you okay because o
Allah come on
just remember it's all love yeah laughs
you know his life is good they just you
know makes a lap is crazy my laps are
worse than yours to live and not so many
people got contagious laughing case that
happens to you know to be in that
contagious of that face do me gag that
is the end of this video we're done
impersonating people if you guys want us
to do a part two if not another
challenge
yeah let's blow like you know we'll be
down to do it you know saying planning
the trip at the end of July if that
happened and the you I think you have
we're just deciding where to go also
huge shout out to the homie yg West
we're doing the challenge or a skit or
something on his show makes you guys
check him out go subscribe send the link
will be initial scription down below
maji maji thank you guys cant personate
us oh yeah you're so easy bro you are so
easy you're so easy easy
hey good dude gang you're so easy bro if
I'm having a Miss today you all should
be having amazing happy super day dude
you're so much more easier but there's
nothing okay put your lips is shit
amen yeah thank you guys for watching
now see you guys tomorrow
Hashima I'm sure they have a safe tool
bag you can kill it broth see which I
look up to a minute you know I see you
guys stick
amen
