you know what this is to cleanse your
body for the game no it's not you should
you feel so much better just claim a
doobie gang what is poppin good morning
from LA I'm starting off my day by
breathe in some fresh air outside right
here with this beautiful view look at
this I can never get sick it is view
there's no place like this in New York
where it has a pool and you're in the
middle of downtown literally right now
me and the boys were about to go eat
bout to go scope the area do a little
shopping and then after that we're gonna
play some basketball with a homie kaya
spot to be crazy and wild because we're
going to the spot like a local la spots
or ma we're bringing an eye a game there
East Coast is bringing their a-game just
to have a little training because the
big day is coming through June 30th I
cannot cannot wait team rice can we take
in the W let's go see what's up hi guys
we just got to this shoe store since
we're playing basketball I want to get
me some sneakers and a Zumba gang as
much as I love curry as much as I love
Durant I'm getting the new LeBrons I
just feel like his sneakers are really
well especially with ankles has the high
tops right here I don't know which color
to get I like this one because it stands
out more which color should I get this
or this I like this one alright I'm
taking that one since what I said it
I'll take that one you know they got the
Lonzo ball dude do a lot of people buy
it or not no way he's a big fan of Lanza
ball and llevaba
I'll get it y'all guys do me gang I'm
getting these shorts right here and now
I'm looking for a type of socks to get
just for tonight I don't know which was
some what kind of socks should I get
this helped me a lot I was in Compton
deserves a compliment yeah
oh you saw you saw Adam I never see a
wallet man there you go thank you so
much man I got me a man to bronze my
shorts you already played you represent
these cops man I'm a big fan of booth
little run Ola brought cookies huh
hat freeze that's why it was better
LeBron a curry who's better LeBron a
curry
oh man LeBron is good the vine is good
his sneakers is good I'm not lying I'm
afraid of him but like I like curry too
like you know you took my Indian curry a
little do me gang I finally got my ball
kicks on right here my boss stuff we're
ready to go play basketball hustle New
Yorkers we're so lost we'd even know
you're with the basketball courts guys
gave us the address
and this is where this is a freaking
bill in the middle of the street men can
be played this leg is injured so you're
gonna be our coach you gotta get this
guy signed us up for what like
we're here like freak hi guys so Kai's
texted us these buildings right here
this looks it looks pretty similar but
like which way I think he's he should
have took the picture from like there oh
wait is that him I think he's right yeah
that is that is him he's right there
I see him yes I see him right there
wassup man we're looking around with
like where's the basketball court in
stuff like dolly and we find the picture
like where is it a parking lot outdoor
bruh New York vibes yeah but where's the
court where is it
hey joking I don't see no courts I like
that one yo this is vlog this is what
guys this is the basketball court man I
knew was it give me no New York stuff
but the New York wind is outside and
like in the street believe Callie's
indoors and clean us up that's good but
to play a few games I don't know if I
can flag inside so I'm off
how gold supposedly like NBA players
come here but mom an NBA player I'm
caught I'll come here and you ready yeah
I'm ready yeah I'm ready something nice
I can't really record here but I'm with
the homie watching why'd you say what up
tomorrow tomorrow I wish you could stay
longer but next time I'm gonna come
either to me or you gotta come longer
friendly yo I'm down I'm dumping that
longer fella I'm down for that man
yo we just took 4 W in a row all ready
y'all ready for that yo this guy's
killing it all exciting no I said in my
video
what cos is playing cripple right here I
don't know what he's doing
he's playing with slippers or wish
someone hits a 6 out of the out of the
bound all like a home run oh look us
come on show us well
what's up yo can you play some drink
place and drink Drake's new album play
some Drake and you lit in there my G's
lit look at ya he's about to play some
Drake ball get let me see you dance for
the car hey come on buddy you got it oh
thank you man you get five stars Maji
without 40,000 levy note me imagine a
man I never met the broski's oh come on
my job do me game I'm on the toilet
right now I am not even kidding
yeah smother effort akmed myth
he put laxatives in our drinks like this
dude set us up big time off of Kaiser
set us up this will set us up big time
whoa
another way to retirement broke and you
are an angel my god Rome what dad to do
in Rome we really took a crap in this
what the hell oh my god Brogan home I
came home due to the bathtub to hit in
the bathtub take it in the bathtub
keep me serious I'm done you could go
now Oh
guys this is like the aftermath like
what like what you guys don't see like
this is what happens in Frankfurt
oh it's been like 45 minutes an hour and
my stomach is still killing me I meant
Oh yo I feel like boxing you out right
now maybe sorry gee this is a magic
point I'm sure oh you know what this is
to cleanse your body for the game no
it's not you said you feel so much
better just cleanse and not it's like
it's like juicing it's like juice what
do you guys think it's a good yeah don't
worry you just be fine in an hour I sure
I did the right medical dosage pretty
sure I just did it when you guys are
just freaking out oh you like get
thirsty
it's oh I'm blushing play video games oh
my god man oh my god yo Loki I can't see
you
the kids did you poop in here
it's nasty not not magnet on my so you
showed you is that's he's showing it
he's showing that his blog is gonna be
in his walk and your video he's not even
cleaning it up yeah yeah and he's still
there he's still here oh my god bro look
guys it's like 1:00 a.m. right now which
is 4 a.m. New York City time I cannot
believe it how do you like remove like
padding remove like the feeling man bro
how else is the last like for me it
started to go away I pooped like three
times right now your peoples loose for
fun
I know no people do that I think like
they died digestive system I can't speak
right now alone I get me see bro yeah I
hate y'all mad at yg what you knew all
along and you didn't tell us
so you didn't tell us shout in the drink
my dear Scorpio I already got the coats
oh my god well we're off you're having
to meet you before
you
