I will fight again p-people addiction
do me a it just got to the airport about
to go to LA it is so so early I only
slept like 3 hours I'm ready to go we
got our luggage people in to pick up
that it doesn't see you look at me soon
with grandparents core do you feel like
it good to win it let's do it boy
the bag is falling all the time sheesh
hi guys about the board we're going to
LA this is our first time taking Alaskan
airlines
oh I never took Alaskan airline is there
any lasting equal here I want to meet
people from Alaska Alaska
they'll explode yeah what are you eating
I'm exposing me just get them you see
who knew so much not only boy every but
it's awfully good do is eating Donald
Trump I'm not supporting her what the
white chocolate is good I found
something
Judy eating the Dom what the hell is
this there chocolate shop you know am i
hanging on bunch of King stars
we finally got to LA and the weather is
beautiful took us five hours to get here
which is really really fast bad dude
shoutout to Alaska Airlines so quick
have to movie drive right here where did
it go let's go can I go on this whole
thing right here whole thing's mine do
me gang we just got to our apartment in
LA let me give you guys a little tour
guide because I love this appointment
it's so so cute we're gonna start off by
the kitchen right here we have the
kitchen I don't know who's gonna be
cooking but hopefully I'll be making
some breakfast here over here is the
dinner table while all of us is gonna be
eating usually in the Arab household we
have a floor but we're using a table
this is the living room right here you
know with Papa Jesus you know or playing
for night or not here all right let's do
it cuz this room this is one of the
rooms right here this is what No this
bed is huge man if you go outside
there's a balcony here with this view
look at this beautiful view oh my god I
am loving la Wow just gorgeous is the
bathroom here look who's ready inside oh
man well that's still recovering one
upstairs look you can go all up take a
little off hey what's up man there's
another
and there's another bed right here
another bathroom how many bathrooms in
your 1/2 second bathroom here and
there's another bathroom downstairs
whoa this is dope man I'm feeling this
well do me gang I am outside taking a
little walk getting coffee I am in
downtown LA look at this I literally got
out my tank top I haven't took a shower
or nothing I'm just literally walking to
Starbucks with the homie Nicki
we're in Lebanon Street left Lebanon yo
but one Street with Lebanon Street
you know my Lebanese people out but out
there look how common is the ground
everyone just call me yo in New York
would have been like you would have
heard honking doughnuts at the corner
leaving school jumping other people yet
I know where's just slick it's just
common Sharda yeah I figured I got here
yeah yeah guys look we're in downtown LA
there's like a little mall look yo
there's a bad New York we just found
them all that says red though I just
walked in to see a moment it do me gang
I'm back from outside I am seriously in
the bathroom right now about to take a
shower because we all just landed in LA
we were like settling in here so it
takes us a few hours for everyone to
like be settled in the home if you know
what I mean because from now on I
started taking out my clothes like my
luggage in there I hope my luggage in
the closet now I'm tired of myself man
I'm proud because before I just throw my
clothes and stuff but now I actually
fold my clothes and I put it in the
closet I'm super super exhausted right
now but I want to talk to you guys about
something dogs on Twitter while I was
heading from the airport to here and
literally my whole mentions we're
talking about me fighting Joe welder and
people saying for me to call him out
people say it's a fight and people were
saying that he called me out and I was
just so confused I'm like what the heck
is going on I just gets an LA about to
do my freakin charity basketball match
like I've been focused on basketball I
mean a little bit of boxing but I've
been focused on basketball for this
event but then after a while I realized
that Joe Weller uploaded a video so I
haven't watched that video I decided to
just you know watch it live fun you guys
let's see what he's got to say my pretty
students to say don't be fooled
why is 40 language or you know what you
think he's looking like because what's
going on in here it's a different story
saying that different stolen payment you
can't deny the plaque slogan he's a big
guy he's gonna pack a lot of power pine
his punches know about the muscle just
some weight and he's carrying a lot
and I will say obviously you know you
take me just because I lost trying to
chat shit but from my experience in that
quiet
JJ's punches won the harness obviously
you saw how mom men don't mean you've
got a right bro since the kiss that
rolls like a beer Venice Beach Santa
Monica beach you can see even from the
way he punches so that's really cool to
know from Joe other and it's coming out
of him because he's on that fucking side
which it's really funny not having free
shots just like because you see you
still got TKO so it still counts as a
knockout technically but you're right he
didn't like make you fly or nothing and
I'm glad he didn't because as you said
can't size punches don't hurt me I think
if Jake makes a witness like he's an
athlete why's his speed and movement so
its power shots and hope to the later
rounds load with clients and then you
can stop catalyzing I think for me let
me sell gently does it
however all right Logan and his
aggression and his power and maybe his
speed and kind of how quick he is if he
gets to JJ early on there's no two ways
about it could be done it's gonna be a
mental night I don't even know what he's
saying like what is he trying to do
right now you should know Logan Paul is
gonna kick ass eyes but it's pretty
obvious and a do we get I called it from
day one I said it day one that Logan is
gonna knock
kid sighs but how like mark my word but
let's continue on watching the video
nah nah the ditch did this dude is
saying and I want to fight again I have
so much questions going through my mind
right now like you lost the fight to ksi
you got TK on my case I and you wanna
fight again credit now that I watched
the video I guess he just wants people
to call him out I thought he was doing
like a call-out or something like that
so don't Weller this is my call out to
you since you said you don't care who
calls you out but to be honest I don't
even really think you even want to fight
me because I killed King I'm so
confident I can be ksi and Cass I beat
you Bojo whether you would seriously be
a piece of cake to me unless you're up
for the challenge and I think it would
be kind of cool because we're both
around the same way I guess same high
you know we have a bit of common Dhamma
it's up to you I don't mind it's just
that I really believe that ksi would be
so easy for me and with you Joella
I just feel like it would be even easier
so if you do accept when we do fight I'm
not even gonna train I'm just gonna
chill smoke some shisha every single day
do my daily vlogs every single day show
my family play basketball outside do
what I usually do and I can still beat
you that's how confident I am
you're really not about that box in life
to trust them that's all I'm gonna say
I'm on much love much respect to
everyone it do me yeah cannot wait June
30th is getting to be the charity
basketball event Paul George is gonna be
that Devin Booker is gonna be there
seriously two all-stars from the NBA
yeah went out to LA for a bit and
already got
look this is crazy what the hell I guess
10 out of 10 atoms here do be gay if you
guys enjoyed this video and actually
want me to fight Joe Weller and box him
let me know the comments below your
thoughts let me know what you guys think
try actually fight Joe welder or no
because I really don't know and also
don't know if he's about it or not
anyways to do me I'll see you guys
tomorrow do not forget to subscribe cuz
I upload every single day I'll see you
guys tomorrow
take care and
you
