and the homey moss in his sleeping look
he's not that but it do me yeah I got
some great great news my chicken nugget
video is back sir see guys thank you so
much thank you to every single one you
guys who helped you so much who tagged
you too but let them know a legit
brought my video back thank you guys so
so much if you guys haven't watched it
the link is in the description down
below you guys can go watch it
today's my last day here in New York
City on with the kids I went the whole
Mawson and happens it happens of it up
there you just please for night sucks
but how much you know nice still night
man don't lock up I've saved the evil
truth What evil truth right there and
sure evil truth this happens I please
get the hell out here bro
get out it's coming back no it's not
just get out it's like a freakin baby
guys the weirdest thing just happened to
me man look who the heck is the market
look what the Freak
this dude snuck in my crib without me
even knowing ghosts in my house takes a
shower huh you play basketball first
take a shower then I came down I'm like
what the Freak literally my family just
lets the relay all come on in your
fridge Subaru no way you drinking before
the mouth baby slim is always pulling
slim but it's all good in the hood
because we are heading to LA tomorrow
morning do me gang yeah it's about to be
lit you got a seat for me come here
touch one you good yeah
now man looks the same to me come on let
me see
I'm joking and I see your cut looks sick
man first thing you mention no weight
goal no that cut me
is it minions do me Gangu bout to go
outside and eat some Chipotle going at
Chipotle date and then come back and
just have a little chill out because
we're heading to LA is gonna be a lot a
lot of dope stuff we're doing there I
cannot can't I wait you want to take a
nap you can take our a nap if you want
all right good night all right cool yo
guys I managed to pull a date with the
homing slim my Bessie so your sims you
made it look at picking out I'm sorry
you made a really smart decision by
coming through to the crib because I
live like ten minutes from the airport
this la trip is gonna be really really
dope every time we go there really the
best time Costin to keep also come in
they're gonna meet us there probably
won't be eating Chipotle there we'll be
eating some in-and-out burger but I'm up
and I heard about me and the eds
pizza
we got three free coupons from the homie
always watching a blog I'm only giving
you one that I'm taking too bad my Jesus
is love yo man they just gave us free
Chipotle man you heard me said read
about if the life's a preacher poorly
for life man they said every time we go
to Chipotle they gonna give a speech
bubble clever you know what that means
yeah I'm bringing my presidency great
report Lee for life and you go to this
trip oh no right here it right there man
the homies William and keV man I love
you guys well goes crazy how they yo
it's crazy how they sound like what the
hell up bro what is this for night they
sell guns running
yeah how you doing how are you
doing good yeah guys we just met
Chandni over here she just crashed her
car and I feel so bad for it Slim's full
it's his fault
yeah oh man I feel so bad like literally
her car is like right there
no yeah I'm sorry about your car in the
hope I hope everything's all right yo he
shot at the Chardonnay we feel so bad
she told us that she's seen her friend
taking patient I believe the people in
Chipotle then after that when she drove
here she crashed her car so it's kind of
my fault
yeah how's the muffled if you finish
this report they may be sure to call us
at the Chipotle Adam it's Adams fault
hashtag how with him I feel that sorry
starts our each other nation I love do
me gang a few days ago I showed you guys
this kid who's a hater of mine literally
came to my house and threw a rock at me
Rima and Watson called me the p-word and
chattering run away well today this
morning he came again and he was
recording a video of my house my address
and people in front of my house which is
my sister-in-law some of my older nieces
they were outside in the front with no
head yeah by cleaning the front in the
little balcony and this dude came back
again filming them filming my whole crib
and everything literally no reason I
seriously do not get it this kid this
kid got some guts I ended up waking up
and going to him and I told him if you
come back here I'm gonna be really mad
at me give you one more chance literally
already giving two chances but this kid
is
I don't know what's wrong with him until
after a while I realized this there's a
few classmates of his they were also
near my house and saw everything that
went on also the neighbor she's in my
vlogs he goes to her school and they
told me some crazy info about the kid I
do not know if it's true but my neighbor
wouldn't lie to me and it seemed like
they're serious because this kid came
back twice this kid is the bully of the
neighborhood he bullies little kids
he hits girls and he also did this I'm
gonna cut it to you guys you guys will
see it guys I'm here with my neighbor
Jenna and Jenna wants to say something
about the kid who came to our house who
threw rocks and who was acting all crazy
and it was mainly that kid he goes to
your school yeah and how is he in your
school I want to know how he is present
what does he do in school he well he
dropped the knife out of his bag people
asked him what do you mean what is the
knife or you like yeah I'm gonna carry
over he ate and so they reported him to
the teaching he got his suspended so he
got in trouble for this before yeah
is he good like if you're right or
knowledge because I'm starting to feel
bad now like maybe he's going through
something like crazy or something what
else did he do how is his behavior in
school it's behaving like a bully yeah
damn yeah and when you see him like he
acts all innocent stuff like those smart
jerks
yeah I don't you mean wow he got some
you got some guts too like you actually
he's out there man I'm gonna help him
out man I'm gonna help him out no I will
beat the shit out it I want to help him
out no I want to beat the shit out of it
no I'm beating the shit but let him let
me but beat the shit I don't know
no no beat downs or nothing but no
always saying it what do you think we
should do honestly what should we do
because this kid is like like no you
can't be wise and talk it out yeah yeah
yeah I think you should like try to be
there for him
I'm saying it I hope not meet the shit
on him what what's that gonna do it
hitting hurting him is not gonna be ice
cream in the face
what the hell you see he kicked my
brother in his stomach and he started
bullying him no tires and then he caught
the cops on me Wow Wow I'm really gonna
beat the shit out of him he's not gonna
come shit out it happens it happens okay
I know he's watching this look come here
one more time over beat the shit out of
me stupid I was just Simon about that
it's about him like he's that type of
kid like so is he gonna keep coming but
I don't know what to do he came again
he's recording again recorded my address
recording some of my family members with
no her job like you know that's you
can't be doing that
he gave me recording like I know he's 11
yeah and stuff I feel bad for him but
like and have you spoken to him before
like about like anything yeah seems like
they don't care like he doesn't care at
all like here he doesn't give a damn
like the thing is I feel like I can
change him
I feel like five mediums talk to him man
I can change my now not just the
changing I don't know
but wait we'll wait and see but I'm
ready yeah we'll see we'll see we'll see
what happens I'm just gonna play some
basketball do me yeah I don't want
anything to like you know be my mood or
ruin ruin my mood because I hate when
people invade like your privacy and
stuff that shit when it comes like
family members that's one like I don't
care what age you are four even five
years old I need to teach you we need to
teach them and I feel like a way to
teach him I'll tell you guys that took
like a way to teach him is B so when do
me gang as I was saying I feel really
really bad now that I know his story
like he's 11 years old doing all this so
seriously this is a serious message if
you're watching out there I want to talk
with you I want to help you out man I
got you man I'm not gonna go against you
I'm here to help you if you do come
again I'm gonna have a really big talk
with you and I want to actually help you
and see what's going on man like I feel
bad that the fact that you're 11
bullying people you must be going
through something because the same thing
happened to me when I was young guys
bully people that's because I was really
mad and it's good to change once you're
young instead of getting older and doing
something stupid so this is a messy
to the bully to my hater I can change
you I'm confident enough I can talk to
you and we can work this out but for now
stop bullying because it will get worse
and if you continue to bully my family
or bully anyone else it won't end up
good because you might mess with the
wrong person one time and it's better to
change before you get older
dumi getting I'm packing right now about
the head to LA once again I'm sorry to
mention this all with you guys I just
want to really solve this issue and help
to do that because I don't want to
continue doing this coming into my house
bully and other people I'd rather change
him now brother good other than that do
me a I'll see you guys in LA tomorrow
thank you guys so much for your love
support get ready if you guys have you
got your tickets make sure you guys get
your tickets Adam eats pussy calm I'm
going to Australia right after LA so I
cannot cannot wait thank you guys so
much for letting support do not forget
to subscribe because I upload every
single day I'll see you guys tomorrow do
me getting take care and peace I love
you
