dumi gang what is up I am here in my
backyard as you guys can see it is a
beautiful sunny day I have my morning
coffee right here and you guys are
probably wondering why I don't it look
so sunny outside why do you have a hat
and a long sleeve and a long pants like
why and that is because I am going
paintballing today and I have to be safe
just so I won't get hurt and won't get
shot up you know this is gonna be like
fortnight in real life the last time I
want paintballing was like years years
ago I'm so so excited I'm going with a
crew of like 10 to 15 people it's about
to get crazy and I'm bringing you guys
with me so do me yank come through on
this paintballing training with me I
cannot cannot wait are we doing is
taking w's one with the head side that's
sort of like giving a giant thumbs up do
not forget to subscribe and let's get
the black started everyone is on their
way to meet me at my crib let's see how
it goes through me I see do me gang we
just popped up here with the squad look
right here we're about to go
paintballing yo you guys ready already
we say good they'll be the four night
squad is coming literally but the only
thing I'm looking out right now is these
three people t-shirt you want TVs what's
wear sweaters look sweater
it's a brand new day today sweater you
know that the Blues gonna be sick in
your arms I'm gonna showing the before
right there before another way of close
to I was ready Wow also got the
Pakistani squad here or no I don't know
for going against each other
big baller big ulama ready for today of
course roll we got the home Israel would
I would I be all ready y'all ready yeah
beaters in soccer last time but we
haven't rematch you know I'm saying
wrong valve cover I'm gonna flying a
game one day
yes I soccer yeah you come on Kevin
you guys right now we're signing a life
away man they keep you risk you know
you're gonna have paint all over your
like it'll be an art collage today hey
yo we don't know four teams yet but I'm
about to get ready and uh Azula I got a
paint grenade and I got a smoke a smile
I can't wait to see how these go man
this is a smoke mama what smoking huh
yeah the smoke bomb no you made a right
decision buddy me the right decision
they should have never told them you
just like it's like the flag somebody
doing so you're putting what paint balls
in your pocket our team is here he is in
a scene what's your name Josh josh Josh
did not see me he told us that someone
got a grenade launcher in our team how
was I even possible so you can purchase
wonder what they said it was $80 for the
damn popcorn eight what the heck and we
reverse and the people down there behind
us we're right there right behind us
these people right there yeah then what
are you looking at each other and
staring at each other like yo
Wow yo yo yo man you can't come back
come back come back Jack come back
okay good give me smoking - give me
smoking
I'm waiting man
game over
nothing I don't know what we would baby
shot right under Mario guys look shut up
in his neck so it was the W bro man I
told you you should have been an idea
man he got shot in his face you know
what look oh my god yo yo you good let's
take the W my G let's do it man oh my
god guys we just got back to the second
game I didn't flag the second game slim
did I got shot in my eye you could see
the paint look yeah right in my eye look
right there I didn't want a black I want
you to push it in on scene so I'm the
third game I think I'm going to bring my
camera against Wacha children some guy
shot let me see some yeah oh my god I
think he went in the hole hi guys so we
just won our second game now we're going
into our third one I'm super super
excited I'm going in I'm goin hard I
don't I don't give a damn there which
which map laughter the woods
what really woods guys look at this map
look this is ridiculous
Wehling woods oh yeah the game starts
Vicky obviously which way middle hey
behind
I shall go new row on stairs someone
comes up done oh my god we go leave
Leave leave
let's go baby go baby
hey guys that was amazing man you know
in for tonight how do you get like kills
and you still shoot them so they can die
system was doing basically got him out
didn't try to get the elimination you
know elimination bro you know that was a
crazy crazy game inside game three man
let's go do me gang I am back home from
paintballing it was a crazy crazy day
I'm gonna feel super sore tomorrow and
something really crazy happened my block
today which you guys are watching it was
the vlog yesterday got deleted in a
remove and all we're doing was like
eating chicken nuggets we weren't doing
anything bad literally were just eating
nuggets in front of the camera it's a
challenge that I've seen a lot a lot of
youtubers do and it's so weird how
YouTube literally just removed my video
and didn't tell me anything like come on
YouTube me I thought I'd love to minute
but seriously I really do not know
what's going on I'm just hoping it comes
back it's Sunday today so I did head up
YouTube but I'm not gonna get a response
till Monday which is tomorrow morning so
I'm really hoping it's good news because
man like I've been uploading every
single day and all I do is spread smiles
and spread positivity or like man like
flu sucks man you know like I worked
hard for that video I work hard every
single day but it's all good in the hood
I really hope you guys enjoyed this flag
if you didn't do me a Mitch you guys
gets like a giant thumbs up do not
forget to subscribe and put your
notifications on because I upload every
single day and I'll keep you guys
updated with everything they
you so much for love and support I'll
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I love you
