mrs. mean you can win do we did what is
poppin mine starting off the black by
finishing my workout finishing my
basketball workout chillin with the
homie LD LD say I say what's up to do me
in tell if you love them you tell them
you love them mom they all know you her
name is Ali Sabbah we also got the homie
say yeah up in the buildin jump man
because it hits you jump jump jump jump
we also got literally the whole Adams
family here today is gonna be a really
really dope video it's gonna be a Addams
Family Challenge ok let's see if you
know say ah I ordered 300 chicken
nuggets today I'm gonna make chickens
are you gonna make chickens no we're
doing the chicken nugget challenge no
not that that's like the chubby bunny
challenge we're doing eating 100 chicken
nuggets in 10 minutes so thumbs up and
subscribe to stay updated every single
day love you guys I've amazing Mitrovica
say
Adobe day we haven't done a challenge
for so so long especially all of us
together some are you guys excited
Lawson why don't you look excited
very happy aren't you making some noise
make some noise you ignore me okay then
then you won't be doing the chicken
nugget challenge dumaguete we have
around three to four hundred chicken
nuggets right in front of us right now I
never knew in a million years I'd see
this much nuggets in my life there's no
so good like let's start oh I forgot to
introduce everyone I'm here with what
we're doing can you tell me the point of
the challenge is to see if we can eat
100 chicken nuggets in ten minutes
no why Daniel please hey Rajesh up so to
either
come on down yo I'll polish on my finger
oh you do that mean you've got beef now
man we don't got chicken we got beef you
got the chicken nuggets here we got
water we got barbecue sauce to give you
kind of loud and crazy because it's
gonna be ten minutes us eating so I'm uh
please ignore all the craziness though
that will be going on let's get it cold
a few seconds left
I know also guys the so many people so
if you guys can keep count and who is
doing the beginning you have ten minutes
ten minutes starts now how does the
cornea
oh my god
you still eat it yo get mad how much you
had how much you think yo yeah
look at my stomach feelin feeling
look ain't open like this like this it's
like this this oh how much weight how
much weight have a treat 33 I don't know
man but that's reasonable how much
weight
42 yeah how much weight would you - no
way no way I got to count that what say
f you okay me movin she say have you
good you're about the for this food are
you okay look at them huh look everyone
their food they had food como Allah and
their food come on do me games you guys
enjoy this vibe make sure you guys give
it a giant thumbs up I'm done with this
man I'm gonna go to sleep I have food
coma right now like I can't like I feel
I can feel the Nuggets literally in my
stomach it's the worst sandwich ever I
do not recommend this challenge at all
thank you guys so much we love this
before I hope you guys enjoy this really
crazy different vlog say I she's hitting
me right now
and do me gang I love you guys take care
you got some off
