and her glasses phase starts today
you're going to see it right
it's the first thing you said what you
want to say I did weekend he knows that
you guys are called the duma gang hey do
me again what is poppin okay so yeah
okay cool
hey man i just uploaded today's vlog i'm
literally reading your tweets reading
your comments this is what i do every
day
after every single vlog i read your
tweets and i read every single one your
comments thank you guys so much
Muhsin stop please what's wrong with you
I'm about to take a shower and get ready
and then Devin go outside you what and
this dude can't shower you go shower
upstairs this dude was a shower with me
you can't shower with me Muhsin
you can't yeah I'm trying to make it
fast so we can go outside and play I'm
gonna shower here you shower upstairs
and we go and leave together okay I'm
not gonna scrub your back Maji alright
then go shower first I'll go after you
what what do you want to shower with me
wine oh with your best friend oh my god
but still even if you're my best friend
you still can't shower me no I just woke
up I'm feeling good makes you guys give
this vlog a giant thumbs up say thumbs
up
why do you have slippers in your hands
no I do me gang stop what are you doing
hey do me gay there's a freaking fly
inside my basement and it's so so
annoying I'm trying to freaking kill it
but it's not around here must you wanna
help me out
let's look for it guys does it be here
that's so annoying
that hasn't freaking oh my god Kevin Ben
okay thank you he's giving me a pic and
slipper no penny
you copy me huh well you can't be
boiling I'm the only on solid row this
dude follows me and copies everything
that I do I copy me what do me gang I
just got done taking a shower remember
how I told you guys around a week or two
ago that Rima is gonna get glasses well
she finally got her glasses and her
glasses phase starts today you're gonna
see it right now the new Rima oh my god
you look so different
Oh to new Reema's okay what happen you
know you don't need glasses no you don't
but the nurse said oh that's crazy I
already take it off take it off take it
oh my god I miss these people let me see
do not love it oh my god this is a new
Rhema hugger I'm not ready for this I'm
not ready
do me a now that Rima has glasses Mawson
wants glasses and now you want the
glasses give me a give me and stop stop
so what are you doing what the fortnight
shopping carts cosa one utility later
holy macaroni adieu me gay I'm finally
back from doing some house shopping with
the kids and with another one of my
nieces who isn't showing of light and oh
my god it is chaos this is why I rarely
take them out literally it is chaos they
act so wild and like when fans come up
to muffs and ARIMA like today a fan went
up to moss and aside like touching our
muscles cheek saying oh my god you're
such a cute baby morrison and that
muslin got really mad he's like I'm not
baby monsoon was about to have a fight
with a freaking fan he's upstairs right
now told him and he needs to listen up
and stop being rude because I'm always
being nice to moss
listen he just always has that Kanye
West attitude I guess getting ready to
play basketball with the homie slim
Nikki and a lot more people as you guys
know ace family basketball vet is coming
and I'm a team rice and as I told you
guys as much that I love the ACE family
I got to make sure I win you know I'm
say I got to make sure I'll wait for you
guys to do me game seriously look how
amazing my dad is man mashallah man he
is cooking me steak my dad is making me
his fresh homemade steak that he always
used to make has a cooked steak for a
while he's to always make steak since he
was younger since how was the baby he's
always make steak for me and he's still
making me sick this is gold masters
opening the bread it's so good I get
lost I want you little one like this why
I guess how big you trying to give me
like that what is it big sell like like
like this yeah Animus after you see me
taking steroids trying to give me real
protein you know is it guys we got rough
a here what's up man I love how everyone
says to do me again
let me see your shirt the internet needs
me yo huh I like your shirt what's up
are you guys doing that's doing good
what's up what do you what that's what
you want to show me what the free she's
walking like a spider yeah what the heck
that's why you want to show me yeah let
me see what you could do do for the vlog
do it do for Allah a the a Rafi a do a a
Maggio he's killing it yeah he's killed
I'm gonna go get some steak I see you
guys have fun or upload Robert you want
steak - I got y'all give me steak if I
don't finish it right Bobby Bobby wait
there huh you want steak of course I got
you
I'll get me stinkin my dad is making me
a steak and Raphael say look at him he
smells the food from outside yeah look
and my dad is too nice why are you
listening to Mawson stop listen my daddy
said oh my god man look it's cooking for
all of us he's cooking for everyone out
here you know I'm saying my dad steak is
cook it and then this is rough a steak
right here thank you so much thank you
let's do steak steak steak and cheese
say do me gang I just got done eating my
dad's steak sir see you shout out to my
dad I love him so so much you guys do
not understand how happy I am as a
person because I remember my dad was
like literally at his lowest when I was
in Mecca and I want to do him but I
seriously made the a from my heart for
everyone but mainly for my dad the
seriously man I feel like this is like
this is a lot like you know telling me
that your dad has gotten accepted and it
made my dad healthy made my dad happy I
don't know if you guys are noticing him
but my dad is literally children to be
honest I'm laughing a lot I never I
would have never expected that because
at the point but he was in the hospital
and he was like in critical condition
and him not waking up was just like so
scary man so seriously a lot gave him a
chance and accepted my dog and I always
got to be thankful that I always got to
be happy for that I can spend many more
years with my dad because you know I'm
saying all my dad see my kids you don't
say I'm trying to get pregnant soon well
not me getting pregnant my wife getting
pretty but it don't mean yeah that's
what the guys I'm about to go work out
and have a crazy basketball game in
Brooklyn Bridge Park Boston is outside
right now I'm playing with his friends
being bad as usual but I gave him these
fake glasses and also gave myself these
fake glasses just to make Grima feel
better - even though she's
he/she got glasses but also um Austin to
be happy - because I'm who's asking for
glasses so I got in these glasses where
is it I'm gonna go surprise him with one
of these glasses I'm getting where one
of them and I'm gonna tell him that I
wear glasses now so let's see how
everyone reacts upstairs so many people
upstairs but let's see it hey glasses
Adam is here let's go see what Watson
says come on hey yo mr. solid how you
doing where's muslin how wearing glasses
now look I got you glasses the good
Watson running like like him running
quick am ready okay okay
yeah are you happy all right glasses are
ere you go now we're all the glasses
squad hey I'm mr. salary how's it going
so I'm Reema how do you feel having
glasses now so good what about me
telling everyone I feel I feel enormous
today I like your case that looks nice
mmm do me angry just got to the
basketball court I don't really like
vlogging here because it gets so
competitive
serious or stuff like look we're about
to play right here
everyone's getting serious and I was in
like the view right there beautiful oh
my god you know when Kay Wokingham comes
out plays board this boxing I don't even
want to vlog and I'm gonna save myself
the craziness no no look at this we got
next up in the court it's kind of like
2k 18 you know it's gonna be slim Makeev
and I had the M&E squad do me yeah I
just got back from my late night workout
late night playing basketball was so so
much fun I wish I could flog you guys
these basketball games that I have
because they're so so intense and
especially playing in like the most
famous Park in Brooklyn
it gets crazy heated you'll see me
arguing with someone you see slim
arguing with someone is like literally
nonsense but that's what basketball is
you know saying but let me know if you
guys with me to vlog a thumbs up and let
me know in the comments below if you
guys want me to actually live like a
crazy
Wow game that we have there I didn't
really want to vlog I wants to focus on
working out stuff but maybe one time I
should I should record like a game I'll
see you guys tomorrow do me a thank you
guys so much for your love and support
you enjoyed this vlog make sure you guys
give it a giant thumbs up I love you do
me I take care and bitch
