so it doesn't take that I see one more
on my butt
what is popular doobie gang I hope you
all are having an amazing a because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day do me gang I know a
lot of you guys are asking about my new
intro the thing is it is still in the
process I need a few more members of the
Adams family I haven't recorded them I
have a really really big family so so
hard to get all of them at once but I'm
almost there at dumaguete I don't really
want to let it out and rush it I want to
make it perfect so do me getting
something on Jamil impatience is
beautiful if you guys are wondering why
I'm wearing this jacket it's cause the
man's not hot skinny pop it single burn
I don't know why I'm singing that song
not the reason why I'm wearing his
jacket show you guys that I got this
dope jacket from the homie doggy boggy
thank you so much he gave me a lot of
supreme stuff so much supreme stuff that
you guys would never guess its supreme
let me show you guys do me gonna hey hey
guys look I got a supreme shovel a
supreme trouble a supreme flashlight a
supreme freaking shaver to get a haircut
with him until nods to give me a fresh
cut with this and a supreme bottle and
also got these basketball sleeves this
is how it looks this is the flashlight
this is the shovel right here bottle
right there and this one I'm gonna give
it to NAS so are you gonna give fresh
cuts with the supreme cuz but I do me
getting as you guys know it is mini
prank week today I'm pulling a crazy
prank on my dad as I told you guys a few
vlogs ago and yesterday's vlog that I'll
be doing a steroid prank on my dad and I
finally got this fake kneel to show you
guys I'm gonna pretend this is my
steroids right here oh look at it right
here like whoa boom I cannot can outwait
I'm kind of worried see how my dad react
gonna go upstairs see the kids and after
that we're gonna get the prank goin
let's do it I hear to my side blowing
the trumpet so let's see how we go
Morrison is knocked out right now he
just came back from school look at him
look at me he came from school and goes
to sleep right here if my mom is here on
the phone 24/7 on the phone telephone
teleport elephant elephant elephant said
of him every day she's going like this
to me we also got to home your Ali
sleeping Ali even got the hiccups while
asleep like what what is this look at
this this is some kind of joke
yo this dude is truly the hiccup boy
really Missoula's up and hyper movie day
I'm Reba
grievers gonna start off with a buffalo
you okay I can do properly come on you
got a leg you better let it do it again
at Lynn come on I'm teaching keep
jumping in trying to teach me out of
here gymnast
Dooney gang what is poppin it is prank
time I'm about to get to working out
while I'm working I'm gonna call my dad
Tom to come downstairs while I'm
speaking said I'm gonna pull out my
steroid and pretend I'm taking it right
here or on my leg or my butt I don't
know how to stare at people do it let's
try and get this flag to 50,000 thumbs
up to me yeah can we do it
yes we can 50,000 thumbs up to all my
rotted eyes yes do it in my work already
knows it
bench presses one two three
what about a bah bah bah bah bah one
eternity later
hey good that is huh
working up in the body I do it again
I guess blood kid
you see victim escaped prescribed oh he
hasn't make a mistake here man yeah yeah
you can sue that man money when you're
younger in my case on Allah yeah used to
work out yeah muscles how many come this
is like like another 25 25 30 oh okay
I'm tryna get more muscles can check it
more shaky like the business more about
like you know I'm you know the wrestlers
WWE yeah they have like big muscles yeah
here's nickel right yeah what are you
doing
yeah yeah only one okay
I'll be like that with us
like like sports
yeah what would you do if I really took
service
how's your handle the doctor you see so
let me know what he so they made a
mistake Wow Wow man yo surah may make -
Monica Wayne Masonic that's crazy man
shall I feel better man do you get it's
time to wrap up this blog if you guys
enjoy this black makes you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey not forget to
subscribe and put your notifications on
because I upload every single day do me
gang so if you guys want to stay updated
every single day and be the first to be
updated make sure you subscribe
we're around here and do not forget to
get your tickets for the tour dumi
getting the tickets will be down below
as I told you guys in the next 24 hours
whoever gets tickets for any show I'll
be choosing five people who'll be
getting new merch of mine new and oomiya
merchants trust me these are gonna be
dope if we got to show you guys a
preview I'll show you guys a preview of
tomorrow's live because it's not
confirmed for the design and I'll be
choosing the five people at the end of
tonight because it hasn't been 24 hours
yet
Bobby announcing it in tomorrow's vlog
because still not 24 hours yet I know
it's kind of confusing I'll be choosing
the 5k rule soon so stay tuned do me I
feel super today you still got time
probably like two hours of time Oh
that'll be I'll see you guys tomorrow
thank you guys so much boy love and
support I appreciate everything when do
you guys - oh my Radha guys I love you
guys so much
I'm heading to LA real soon do me gang
take care and peace
