it was popping a new beginning I am out
here with the roast message of man yeah
I already know we're gonna start off to
fly by playing basketball June 30th is
almost here team rice versus team ace
family charity basketball event so I
gotta stay fit yeah I already know it is
prank week and doomy gang so you're
gonna deck cool you get back your uncle
yeah I don't care for the roastmaster
bro so let's start off the Bob I give me
a giant thumbs up do me again
and do not forget to subscribe and let's
um let's boil out don't be one of you
one all right we gonna do let me see
shot first okay
and look who we have here Deena Deena is
the definition of being shy and ratchet
at the same time can you show them a
dance your dance is how you do which
ones they all right that's the four
night L dance what are the dance moves
you know how to do don't be shy do you
know show me what yeah Deena's doing
he's for looking like it you play too
much for night around there you play for
night do you know for night you do play
you know it's crazy Deena's four years
old and sometimes I play for night wear
your birthday past no it's not a past
well she GT you yeah you got gee man
what what I won all right let's do it
yeah I don't know the homie Jamel is in
a basketball team that's why he always
guns his moves little one man is gonna
be a beast let's see that jump shot get
from d9i from deep yeah from deep Jamel
so a shot man from deep oh oh no way
what the heck yeah man with the three
yeah Eddie's doing the curry move yeah
yo yo by drinking my coffee
you're 9 you can't be drinking a coffee
yo do me gang we just had a one-on-one
and the homie Jim had literally beat me
11:9 but watch this this what happens
when I play hard when ko King comes out
in the court I'm recording this one to
watch this okay do me a one-on-one is on
ko King is out his ball since he won
game is 11 you know just give me a good
luck hist go
one
I don't care if he's 9
check it up is that Sidewalk just cuz
you sprained your ankle doesn't mean
it's your ball check it out budget guys
seriously thumbs up for Germany's
killing it will you be the cheerleader
you go here you rule for all of you want
to win you either say call Adam or go to
your mat okay
thank you
thumbs up at homie Jimmy do me gang I
just got to the crib finish taking a
shower you're working out because I was
so so sweaty I feel so refreshed with
the homie Ollie seriously guys I'm not
even joking but for some reason I always
forget that even exists I don't know I
just feel like he's so new what I keep
forgetting like I'm sorry man there's so
many kids around that I can't be
thinking about you all the time nothing
he's looking dead anyway he's given me a
death stare like I say yo he is giving
me a death stare look oh he's funny
guys why does that make babies laughing
yo hi Ally ah Lisa body who is that huh
that's you doing again today I'm trying
to pull a prank
crazy crazy prank on my dad I'm gonna
pretend that I'm taking steroids since
I've always been working out he always
sees me where I came out and stuff I
don't really live myself working out but
I always wondered what would my dad do
you see me taking steroids I mean you
already know I'm hundred percent natural
man I take no steroids man so my dad
sees me taking zero and he's gonna bug
out so let's try to get this pain
started next let's do a li yes
okay petals in a pattern and I'm just
playing look I'm watching Ali this
equally does play finances but watch I
need so whatever do is I'm gonna take
Ali I might take him to the batter
upstairs I don't know it's passionately
though I'm still deciding
but I'm alright from off the blanket and
I'm a wrap with the blade here's another
blanket then I'm a satyr and Adam fuck
me up
that's right
you sorry enough
from deep from the circle time that have
you taken the kid take care of him yeah
yeah
about a lover boy lamma lamma lamma
Gucci flip-flops got my hair on the top
southeast 157 something money like that
stop screaming my name like that
this care package Southwest only have
one gun
they play with
oh they may love it Jamie
left side
okay yeah how's it come on bro
poor bastard come on that look so he's
really upset to the please check it
Hamza what do you have my camera lucky
he's like really upset
he's bands that I played for night come
on bro lose the pic roster though give
my camera that moves it was good yeah
you got me you got me yo for a second I
really thought you got me for like a
second for a second I really thought he
sat on Ally and I was thinking in my
head like yo if this dude's a de Aldi is
like I didn't know waiting for you to
push the shit out of you down there huh
master nothing most
please get the hell out of here Oh get
out just leave okay
deuces okay by James Corden like James
Corden you know what that is
