she's right here you guys never seen her
the vlogs her name is Sarah do me game
what is poppin as you guys know I am
back to the Addams Family house and I'm
feeling so so good because I always miss
my family and the most to people that I
always miss because I live with them is
Rima and Mawson I mean I miss every
single one of my nephews since Raymond
Ross and they they live with me I see
them probably almost pretty much every
single day I miss them so so much so I'm
about to go Surprise them from school so
I cannot wait to see the smiles on their
faces and do ba make sure you guys give
this blog a giant thumbs up to everyone
who gives this vlog a thumbs up you're
gonna have good luck for the next 20
years so thumbs up if you want good luck
for the next 20 years
no don't risk it man this is not a joke
don't risk it thumbs up for good luck
I'm gonna thumbs up this video myself
let's go pick up Mauston and surprise
him he's gonna be the first one here
then after that it's gonna be Rima
I'll see on the next show do me gang I'm
sitting down in the grass waiting for
the homie Mawson to come I miss him so
so much even though he's so bad I miss
his bad self so much I miss him punching
me I miss him freaking stick in the
middle finger I miss hip bug you know I
miss him just being a bad boy I miss him
so much I want to grab his cheeks and I
just wanna pick him up I miss him and I
can't wait to see him right now I'm just
waiting for him to come through often
guys I think muscle is coming right now
thank you thank you what's up hey did
you miss me
you did how much huh great I'm glad you
came
let's go get real okay I got the package
I got the package
yeah this one love I busted me hey let's
just drop this book back and now we're
running to get Riva let's go let's go
watch it how you move up I miss you
homie look at this dude you could punch
harder now gonna put you know and keep
walking give me in right let's go let's
get reboot why you're gonna fly okay
Shay hi hey what's up with do me game
we're gonna surprise Rima hi guys we're
not waiting Rima been like 10 minutes
Muhsin is here just walking around like
singing ARIMA song
little look at him what is he doing it
look find everyone like he doesn't care
he gives no dams you don't care yo he's
been doing that for like the past 10
minutes he needs to chill out man
we must come and don't relax relax relax
we must come
guys like Marcin fell man from running
he kept running as an reme I read my
Rhema and look this is the consequences
with him
why would you run huh you okay let me
give it a kiss does it feel better
yes all right good oh hi guys now we're
just looking for random kids and we're
trying to spot the Remo where's the Remo
where's the remove she's right she's
right there guys the first thing you
want to do when they come out is going
to swings huh Oh Remo knows how to do it
okay we must see you girl I see you my
boys you I got you ready my buddies to
push him when he's like newborn baby no
okay big boy everywhere okay yeah big
boy
let's go once they go high here come on
let's go guys look how high room was
going she's going extra whoa she's going
extra to push yourself my G you're a big
boy right I figured out a baby are you a
baby are you a baby
okay so push yourself homie yeah okay
twisting useless okay
it was a savage you don't care look at
this new baby Mawson still a baby still
a baby come on you're done ready set
what the heck is the point of that guys
I spun Watson now he's bleeding
you ready wasn't ready sir
go oh my god oh really you stay doing
something extra good what is that what
is that okay we wants to show off her
skills yo Loki man Rima could be a
gymnast in the gymnastics or something
and Mawson he could be a monkey yeah
what are you gonna do what the heck oh
okay
she's like we was like me and you're
just like me too like a monkey
it's a flip let's get mustard get that
please Marcin this is what I mean by he
climbs random stuff look we're in liquid
guys Marcin always wants to vlog now
he's holding it he just felt once again
from running Rima is actually wizardry
my mustn't tell them she's at the doctor
so I'm stuck here babysitting muffs and
all the Lawson you're gonna be good
today
you sure all right sneaky bat what do
under you under gonna check baleen let's
do it come on come on run you can run he
doesn't want to run anymore because he
knows he's gonna trip and now he just
wants me to pretty much carry him like
okay Marcin alright nineteen clean tag
we're not playing tag
I'm a night it who said we're playing
yeah well he does all the time when I'm
babysitting
he thinks it's a game he thinks life is
a game he thinks for playing tag or
playing hide and seek all the time
what's up with you no one's here no
one's even no as he was just us
hi guys so far babysitting Watson he's
getting this chair to put it up to go
instead of trampoline you ready let's go
go let's go hey monkey but keep going
come on okay okay we know your monkey
what kind of monkey are you the money
kicks monkey or the monkey and King Kong
and King Kong oh cool okay any time now
mustn't let's go you can eat oh my god
this dude it's like a little cat you're
like a kid oh your dog you know let me
see you do a flip do flip corn if you're
an OG do a flip what kind of flip was
that
what you gotta do to split what the heck
not really I have to wash this kid for
the next like two hours and it's just
like it's so entertaining just staring
at everybody he does the most weirdest
stuff ever like I don't know what's
going through his head sounds like how
you doing my son come on just jump let's
be come come what are you doing school
today stopped working Moulson stopped
short
Mawson mustn't stop Lomo I'm a called
LUMO that's his bad boy name no mo no mo
who's the baby yeah baby and that makes
you wear a newborn stop stop alright
guys while I was babysitting I'm
actually babysitting another person
she's also an Adams family member she's
one of my little cousins and she is so
so cute she's right here you has never
seen her the vlogs her name is Sarah she
is right here say hi she's so shy man
like this is actually like my first time
it's like my cousin's daughter that's
that's pretty much what she is but mustn
really like has kind of crush on her
like look she has a boo-boo where's the
boom huh Mawson you know what that is
what's your name again he got a crush
he'd ever got a crush no do you like her
yes or no
be honest you do Sarah look oh that's so
cute
what are you doing what's going on Sarah
don't be shy for me like she didn't want
to stare at me she only wants to stare
I'm Watson and this is I gotta look I
got a babysit these kids and just stare
at them like like flirting with each
other like guys like I'm gonna tell them
that they have to get married that's toy
guys look what I was Sara doing what's
up you'll be like her you like her I
need to tell you guys something Phil
look listen you have to get married to
her no you said you like you you have to
get married to her now
you want to get married to her yes or no
huh so yeah after the cold hands you
married
yes you are married you're very nice
yeah yeah big boy she's bigger both you
guys are doing the same thing sucking
your thumbs
um I'm Loki both the guys got to give
each other a hug and get married are you
gonna get married yes you said yeah your
boys are confusing me like you just said
yes and then no and then he's flirting
with her I feel like he's trying to play
hard to get
I know he's I know exactly what he's
doing man awesome look looking you two
have to get married and get kids you
want babies she did she's like babies
what I know he did it like he's chasing
it he's teasing he's chasing him she's
holding it yeah
huh no wait side I come back she's
running what the heck where you guys
going huh
Mawson what are you guys going you
getting married guys upstairs do me gang
I was trying to take a freaking nap I
shan't play for a night and these kids
are super super annoying
look making some what's the point is
muslin muster come come down come hurry
up say good Sula come where sada where's
she she's what what you gonna kiss sada
you gonna kick I why you get a kicker
she's mad at you first I thought he said
kill and then I thought you said kiss
and then after die Hussein kick muffin
you're not kicking no one no you're not
why you gonna kick Sara she's she's your
wife
yes she is you married to her right go
check up Sarah's doing okay go okay
Master look Muslim I'm gonna try to take
a nap and play for a night you babysit
sad okay babysit your wife okay you're a
big boy okay you can babysitter okay
alibi
it's kiss yo look we have one victory
rule okay so who do you came into a W
what's up I don't I know maybe oh yeah
it has a opening the door from red this
is like the fort yeah I like our crab
man
this is legit the for tonight like for
night crib bro hard to move in here he
streams in just four nights like all the
brothers man does for nine and seven
thing is I'm trash man if I live you
from one I'll probably nice a change
this is for tonight kid
one I can't give me ten push-ups right
now hi guys I'm in Slim's cave right now
we're literally just chillin having a
fun time your system man his parents
specially his mom is really really
inspirational my mom was giving out so
my selections no no no no not lectures
she's given like inspirational talk like
real talk you know I did you guys
Jacuzzi talk she was giving real talks
and I'm saying I seen this frame of slip
and look at this one it's not only your
this is the olden days no no this is
Daniel no what's ours
damn man yo like how within this og
picture it's always but yeah then
there's another picture of us on tour
right there look at all boom that's a
legendary picture yeah seriously yo I
need to get a picture frame the movie in
Reverse a legendary picture yo slow that
is og he got him and he he's the real OG
v I love him so much baby you know when
that was for close-up you know saying
mommy don't say the homie hounds out
what's up man no What's Up G
congratulations going to middle school
yeah that was totally my somebody's home
at your your the day you get taller than
me man that's it yo have you here he's
tall hell do you know
love it what special I know he's 11 go
necks to slim go Nexus he's tall much of
the Wow he's a mini slim mini slim
what's up with the homie some what's up
man haven't seen his dude for a while
and now his hair - except his hair is
looking sick yo oh my god nobody say
it's feminine or sensitive right
somebody set down sons Malik I love it
looks like a fem family let him know in
the comments the east of no one that
comes love what do I think it wasn't
here that I wanted to grow but I'm just
really impatient and I'm saying you
should have grown it honestly I was like
with this little bun winiata not what
you know that right sometimes don't have
hair some people do I hear so you're
looking at how do y'all do be gang get
it's time to wrap up this blog it is
actually the morning right now like 7:00
a.m. because I stayed in Slim's house
with ISA playing for tonight all night
we had a chill fun night so I'm gonna
wrap up this vlog if you guys enjoyed
this vlog make sure you give it a thumbs
up and go turkey a lot more crazy vlogs
to come and do me Yanks and make sure
you guys subscribe and stay updated
because every single day is gonna be a
wild crazy block to make you guys smile
do me I love you guys do not forget you
get your tour tickets Adam eats pussy
calm I love you guys take care and pitch
hello I love you doom again
