how are you how you doing go get meet
you too
I do me gag what's up this is day two of
me here in Dubai with the homies Yousef
and Naz we're going inside this crazy
car well actually a supercar spot
because the homie naphtha is actually
buying a Lamborghini
I'm not even joking he's literally
buying a Lamborghini all in caps so
let's go on in to do the gang this is
the front of it look at this cars after
cars I have two cars after car it goes
alright wow wow let's go guys I just
went inside and it's freezing cold it's
always so hot outside but inside it's
like freezing free don't think it's hot
ball and Sadie's look at this this
yellow one is say this one is dope got
the little mustard color right there
look how shiny it is man crispy guys
we're here with the homies of VIP motors
right
the happy motors it's my friend after
he's getting this one right yes he
bought this all cash right guys he
bought it all cash you guys heard it for
the man here from VIP motors he's
getting this car right you guys ready
you guys ready basket you ready one two
three right there he's getting this
Lambo do you know any more info about
this Lambo like the year what kind of
Lambo I'm not that I'm not that great
with car tsunami or Lambo hurricane
well Huracan yes you sounded hoarse poet
Wow that is I don't know what that like
horse like the horse like horse or
unicorn approachable horsepower yes it
was like it has a lot of horsepower
that's crazy man I don't know much about
ever Wow look at this we got it from
this side this is crazy guys I found the
subscriber right here man what's up are
you subscribed to me yes
thank you so much you have the
notifications on yeah thank you so much
are you looking for a wife for me no
brother sister yeah oh it's money money
senator yeah
he's not a real fan are you all right of
day I'm namesake Feliz stay for the snap
you know it's a forest and I Love You
Man I leave you should read little man
what kind of car is this if you like I
like this one this one is dope look at
this this is a Ferrari with the camo
around right here wow this one is which
one is your favorite one save for the
snap this one a your eye here look at
this I got so the owner was about to
show me the Bugattis I believe these are
the Bugattis like the most expensive
cars Evert guys I don't know nothing
about cars Vaman Duval and like everyone
out there like literally like hey come
look at this car yeah the bugatti looks
fireman guys look they even got a silver
one I want to see what's inside what's
inside of the garden oh just Bugatti
guys I think I found my favorite car
here not there so on his way to pick up
his car but I think I found my
difficulty of course man of course man
are you black in my face hang on man
thank you so much I appreciate it man
well hi guys as I was saying i'ma show
you guys my favorite car well stop my
favorite car is just my favorite colors
I don't know what about know about Karla
there's no crystal and put the seatbelt
on and drive that's Drive I don't have
no legs but I am getting a car real soon
I promise you guys real real soon once I
get my license let me get my car but
look at this look at this level my
favorite color light blue this one right
here
Wow look at this guys tell me not this
color is amazing you can see the back
right here wow this is just beautiful
gorgeous color hi guys so while waiting
for an optic to pick up his car Yusuf's
gonna tell you guys what's his dream
cause this is like my favorite kind of
my dream I like my older brother likes
to be a dancer and to them I just feel
like it's the perfect size this one I
get up take em to get me in the car yo
Circe I got your on a bone Wow
yeah this is crispy I like it me see the
front yeah this one is dope I like this
I like this it's like it's like not too
flashy and not too whatever like it's
good yeah yeah like these ones you see
like too flashy look at this flashy
flashy flashy and this one is just just
cute you know you don't say you know
it's nice you know guys look we'll
finally came in Congrats on your Lambo
your car you're getting gone okay no
need to get the Lamborghini a second as
well I made a mistake
that's the sign of cars that wasn't your
car right which one the white one Donny
what was it that's not my car no it was
my god I made a mistake mistake I made
with some big eyes it is to clear
everything up room yeah
you gotta teach me man he's also gonna
teach me how to drive so you see how
goes the nos you got some next shot
guys man you guys already know whenever
I'm Dubai you gotta see the king of
Dubai which is chillin every time I see
you gets like deja vu man they down at
the bar it's hard lesson is that weather
yeah yes what is it exactly were soon
very soon it was coming so yeah see I
never traveled in Ramadan my hair
divides like a place when I heard I'm
traveling and it's devar I was like I'm
cool know what I'm saying alright guys I
just took over Adam check this out
my
so cool
dumi gang I am here right now near Dubai
Mall we're chillin relaxed and I believe
the homie mo vlogs is coming so I'm oh
no one - here but is here this is my
first time meeting Lana how are you oh
it's horrible
how you doing well good doing good how's
everything good lovely meeting you I
feel like I've never met Lana for like
yeah like yeah I've been watching you we
never met this was like the first time
yeah yeah we were chilling bro we came
to meet you yeah surprise you more
unhappy Lana Rose you just reach 1
million so I'm not congrats to her he
already got five or six novices you're
about to go stream yeah we're about to
go professionals I'm not don't get some
yellows okay
we're about to go to their crib so I'm
we're gonna play some foreign ice cream
so I'll see you guys in the next shop hi
guys Lana's taking over my blog should
be good
I remember the last time I saw you it
was kind of cute remember that when you
did that I was like what otherwise so
it's good that like you know know a man
a good way always good she sweet MOA
sweet so her family her mom sounds oh hi
guys so Lana got me see your henna she
got the Senate yeah I know me man I like
the henna so you gotta hook me up with
some I'll give you yeah I want to get
tatted up you know I'm saying on my neck
for my hand yeah that looks dope that
looks oh it's a sticker version I like
that that's good I believe right now
about to go pick up nap there's Lambeau
right now and then after that we're
gonna be going to mow script to do a
little stream so we're gonna see how it
goes this literally caught me by
surprise meeting Lana Rose I supposed to
just meet MO and I never met Lana due to
the whole you know the whole situation
you guys know with the whole kissing
this whole situation but yeah everything
is cool everything is for with chill and
soul and I'm glad I got to meet her in
person and kind of speak about it yeah
it's good to let that let that out cuz
even though I mean more like you know
what boys and stuff like that that
little issue is still like there and the
fact that I met her and it's like it's
all good now it's um it's great they're
really sweet so I'm off yeah reaction
and I'm letting Yusef take over my vlog
here and there whenever like I just get
tired of they used to take advisories
stars on the roof guys what you sublime
or in my blood
even though you slacking on your blood
yeah I know happy we're doing it you
were doing so good Manny just take a
break but that's you sir she's never no
never no was gonna have to tell them
tell her hi guys we just got back here
so this is the car he's getting it looks
similar to when I show you guys really
but this is much more cleaner and it's
like the no one it is right here look at
this Wow
going hopping you know how these happen
I'm gonna help him guys okay
this is your first car first no second
second
oh my goodness you and Loki I loved
Lamborghini better the Ferraris so why
because you're white yeah but you gotta
take care of it man any sand storm or
something comes low like you had to give
it a car wash
literally Earth so tell me more about
the cars I don't nothing teach me too it
has break any bones left and right like
not putting me an indicator like what's
that you know the indicator shows left
or right yeah oh okay what a smooth that
is smooth do is every day
Oh hug you're gonna drive it today yeah
no way
whoa man drive safe because I'm on your
hands engine sir but now it's nine guys
I'm enough careful man not nos jobs
crazy Baba his hand was injured and now
like now nine Janome or nahi dry Rick
here we have ceci congrats and I'm so
many more to many moments moments yes
watch I speak money guys look how much
buttons and stuff a year man what does
each button do
all right what's button but what this
like a mission for the windows what
that's what I indicated like yeah has it
sprouts like a machine like doing robot
lit the car up the college years
Junction wow it's amazing
thank you thank you gonna court Mike all
right
like
Lamborghini come Oh God
dumi gank it is time to wrap up this
vlog I hope you all enjoyed this vibe he
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey I had a really long night
I did a stream a Twitter stream with the
homie mo vlogs lana huge shout out to
them they're really really sweet their
hospitality was amazing use of is here
knocked out huge had a to Yousef for
helping me out vlog we're seriously so
so tired so exhausted
we're heading to sleep do me yeah I'll
see you guys tomorrow do not forget to
give this like a giant thumbs up do not
forget to subscribe and put your
notifications on I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care I love
