to me gang I have some bad bad news this
is actually my last vlog that I'll ever
have that will be it do me Gate what's
up I am in Dubai I just landed it is
early in the morning it is 9 a.m. and
I've never seen goodbye
this that guys look there's not nothing
not literally like I've always seen a
Kurtis to go it's so dead but the only
reason why I think it says because it's
Ramadan everyone is fasting and I feel
like everyone goes out at nighttime
instead and we landed earlier early in
the morning all forgot to tell you guys
I'm here with my oldest nephew Yosef was
yo do me yeah it's about to be an
amazing amazing trip we're about to have
our live here in a Muslim country the
last time I was in a Muslim country
during Ramadan was like 20 years ago and
I can feel the vibe already because no
one's out here no one goes out in the
morning everyone is out at nighttime
eating and stuff useless what's your
first thoughts about Dubai how do you
feel
have you how do you like it so far well
you just you still in the airport but
like how do you feel so far
also
different crazy
well you still haven't seen anything
we're about to head to our hotel right
now so do me yeah I want to see you guys
in the night shot it to me gang we just
got to our hotel nos he is asleep
literally everyone in Dubai asleep it's
so hot it's like a hundred and five
degrees but it feels like 200 degrees
I'm not even joking
it is flaming hot but the view we have
is beautiful everything in Dubai right
now is beautiful all the messages and
stuff disease much yeah and that is it
they're really good what do you like
like it it just it looks amazing the
messages in America should look that
should look like the message isn't to
buy it I know I imagine American
whichever for real for the messages in
America they're just like it's only the
house yeah oh yeah oh they don't like
one or two like in all of America that
is kind of babe over here you know you
get that you may get that five I'm gonna
 you know saying but a do me yank
this vlog is not gonna be that long
because me and Yusef we're also about to
sleep it is like 9:30 a.m. in the
morning right now everyone is asleep the
crazy thing is we slept in the plane and
now we're just gonna sleep a bit more
right now cuz everyone whole world sleep
is oh I have no choice but to sleep
because if we stay up we're gonna end up
being sleepy while everyone is awake so
let me give you guys a little tour and
then I come back we got the view over
here look at this Wow well yo night by
the crazy here I wanted to buy my first
time when I was 20 years old you said
you're 20 and I'm its it first
hey I don't know if I was 20 or 21 I
think most want yet I don't know 20 or
21 to the change mister mister mister we
got the living room right here hey hey
we got a balcony we got the TV I'm so
mad at did not be my PlayStation 4
I could have been playing some for
tonight right now Dubai always goes in
with like their hotels and everything
man they don't play they don't play man
whoa oh my goodness is hot
oh I'm scared look at this guys look
look how scary this is look what yeah
that is scary
I'm going back in man he's way too hot
to me yang I have some bad bad news this
is actually my last vlog that I'll ever
have that will be this short I'm just
don't get it going by the title this is
not my last vlog as you guys know upload
every single deck for you guys to give
you guys a daily dose of a smile to have
fun with you guys to turn up with you
guys and to give you guys good content
every single day and today with the long
flight with it being at home along with
it being we have to sleep right now this
vlog is cut short I'd rather give you
guys something than nothing this is like
a little preview with telling you guys
we're here in Dubai and we're gonna have
some live lives for you guys for the
next week you can sue me you know the
wait there you children man but then you
get mad don't worry I'm not gonna like
that no don't love it I'm a little long
like I'm a living my games are on so as
I was saying kinda like twice under
Obama you guys already know I hate
giving you guys no vlogs and I hate you
giving you guys short logs but it
happens this is log that is short if you
guys still support short vlogs even
better than nothing thumbs up this video
thumbs up these vlogs gonna be late it's
always up thumbs up yeah this one is
just a short one I always feel like when
I get in the show Bible I matter fact
this and I'm gonna show up vlog this is
like enough and vlog is update law you
know yeah yeah it's like I'll treat me
like we got here we're safe we're in
Dubai we're chillin mean Yusef we're
gonna be uploading a lot on our stories
and our snap stories on our Instagram
stories and our Twitter's so make sure
you guys follow us right here do me hang
and stay updated with us you can message
us you guys can comment you guys can
like you guys can do whatever you guys
want we're about to go to sleep I'm
super exhausted right now thank you guys
so much and once again I'm sorry about
this this small update vlog but I'll
make it up for you guys tomorrow do not
forget to subscribe and put your
notifications on so you guys can be
notified right away don't be getting
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care
come take it bro Tiffany I'm taking the
backbone you go Devin where you swung at
I came I'll put my bag on his bed
what about Weezy back I'll see you back
isn't it cause enough opposite it's not
here is a have your name I know
I guess we're sleeping in the same bed
what you go to that side
bro more games brother ready what the
post is in the blood
I'm posters in the black and little
tryin to make it legit them already step
I'm seriously excited come ready 1 2 3
I'm asking if you're looking at camera
look at the camera
this would go through Freddie Freddie
come on I can't how do you go I'm here
I'm good I'm be good to me ready set go
he said come on budget use it
