I'm here with Adam from Yemen he came to
make America great again I need good
young men like Adam so I got him a green
card yeah yeah yeah do me gang what's up
while you guys are watching it is
actually my birthday but for me right
now it's still nice so June 3rd I can I
say something real quick
usually for my birthday I don't really
want to like I don't really want like
celebrate I don't it's just another day
for me you know I'm saying like I'm not
the type to be like oh my god it's my
birthday I don't know it's not really
like yeah it's not it's not a special
day for you for me it's a specialized no
but let up for you know for you it's
still just another year older like you
got me like yeah celebrate a man you
mean another year no I know thank you to
every single on you guys already see
your tweets and everything which already
but thank you guys so much I appreciate
you got 25 and I'm uh I won't be ratchet
I won't get ratchet yeah it's a blog
yeah don't be rational you sure not I'm
not I'm not I'm not gonna be ratchet
about problems I'm not gonna write shit
out of little ratchet I don't believe
your bro don't rush it up don't watch it
up know what I see given a photo shoot
to the homies right here
right there hey was a Hispanic one
direction you already know what to
tell me if you like let's see if you
likes that
I live in New York bound from the Middle
East from Yemen yeah agua tamale man
what's up shadow to Guatemala
do you like it I'm gonna take another
yeah it's good he's lying to you bro
bother people say horror pictures and
hey do me gang I just got done having
low mini photo shoot with the home in
the key shout-out to the man Nikki thank
you for taking the context you know say
magic also another thing is I miss
Central Park so so much but I haven't
been here for so long man look at this
do you remember such a boy look at this
my favorite Park in the world Central
Park
beautiful man like all these trees in
the middle to see it like this buildings
right I know literally tree mean like
cheerful Park Wow see it looks like like
Welling woods until the tower right
tilted hours Welling would skew the wolf
lag is that
bodyguards body also to be scared of
body girl
no that lady just got me tight man she's
like I got two bodyguards girl I scared
of no bodyguards what you talking about
she's trying to scare you though first
off they went buddy guys they were just
- dude yeah there's two dudes right here
dumi gang right now we're at this little
amusement park
I've Central Park and look at this view
and wha see if you guys ever come to NYC
makes you guys come here central part
the best part in the world y'all ate my
dude is yo you're gonna fall yo you
better be careful my G
he better y'all just do this bug you
know he better be careful oh look at
he's helping good job good job he'll
grab you my G he's a crab he there's
more people coming
yo my dude got the whole family going up
there man oh my god that's pretty
dangerous man he fall you done literally
like one drop you're done sharp rocks -
yeah it hurt crazy man is what tourists
to us I'm saying everyone around here is
a tourist 17 the key when do you
everyone else needs tourists questions
excuse me where you guys from that story
so no heresies in Paris we got there
Paris
a barrier oh boy let's go to bed
see everyone is literally towards me and
you only people but no one from New York
goes to Central Park it's kind of weird
impact is too crowded like a new your I
love it yeah I love it too but here
because I are so like they hate crowds
so much they turn up with it yeah but
it's always quite a sauce I hear you
can't literally everyone like guys look
he's dancing from the cops you don't
camera he's a Jiro
he's a G he's a so hungry to go dancing
you should go dance with me today yeah
you should go - my man let me move we
got from Sharia Australia no way I'm
gonna show you I am Melbourne and I and
city as well yeah no way what's happened
no everyone is gonna keep I regret
coming here man seriously
I regret coming here the wrong way sure
I know man there was a guy out there
selling walks like here he's saying like
he'll take you on a walk around New York
City if you pay him which is pretty
weird oh he was saying with the sign
that said walking tour what hello
Candace - music hey yeah Paulo wait a
minute yeah I thought I was finished
when I bought that ass the more I
thought it was ready
oh oh okay oh my god
you okay
what the hell oh my back the why cuz the
guy was walking in the bike lane yeah
yeah yeah and the bike lane was coming
yeah you're walking the sidewalk man I
feel bad well I feel so bad are you good
luck sure yes from your okay a little
bit here you're not like dizzy enough
tonight I'm good make sure you have a
good day
so bad that was that was a crazy we just
wrap it right finished
do you see what see but it seems wrong
Kimmy dumb chop is right there no more
shit what's your name Adam and we're
from Yemen
okay let's go yeah okay yeah yeah that's
one of the countries you guys been I'm
here excuse me
let me finish this finish on with the
Yemeni guy man I'm here with Adam from
Yemen he came to make America great
again I need good young men like Adam so
I got him a green card so he can stay
with us yeah he just roasted me I just
got rose
yeah we spider-man no wait yeah our
boxing unit square yeah I don't know
don't confuse what you know in no way
I just got Donald Trump a G I remember
you
through me before yeah Matusow finally
go bro Halliwell help it is dude just
give me a green okay thumbs up if you
guys want me to come back here dressed
as Adam walks in yeah solid and roasting
this Donald Trump right thumbs up if you
guys want to see that man I want to see
that Owen I've got come from Dubai by
the road Steven Mayer about to make you
say good Bob Donald Trump roast you know
he gave me a green card I know what do
you think I should do back post them
back right yeah can you roll some for me
one come on man better help a brother
out
I'm a roasted door I got him I got thing
came in I'll see you guys guys this is
the tallest woman in the world
look this woman is tall you go next I
want to see how told you next year gone
up in your yo she is tall like like go I
like I like my girl is short no no way
yo this guy is the husky king look at
this
the Husky king he got the skis for HUS
yo here's me can I have one husband can
have one no but so Q which one is your
favorite one
there are also different here oh wow
which one is Wow which one is the mom
this is mom has that and this is the
daughters oh my god they're adorable
Yodas like a whole family man Yodas is
lit what's up a ski and there's a mom
dad to daughter who is he like what is
he like with the grandad the grant
he's a granddaddy guys we got the homie
slim east in the building like I love
all cars
zoomy gank we're not watching Slim's
little brother his twin brother khalid
live on youtube playing for night and
eyeing a lot he is sick he's top 2 right
now so let's see if i'm ah he doesn't
send your thoughts right now Yousuf
Yousuf yo I'm suing sama he's gonna
carry me to W do me gang I'm here in
Hamza's crib 30 minutes away from being
24 years old so I'm ma 520 I'm trippin
25 years oh my god
I'm not even used to say yeah I just
tomorrow is gonna be a new I guess I
know me 25 I want to end this with me
being 24 and tomorrow you know you're
gonna start getting grey hairs a wrinkly
skin yeah it doesn't matter you're gonna
get that soon when you do I'm gonna come
to you I got told you but doing it if
you guys enjoyed this vlog make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go turkey it
smash smash that like button do not
forget to subscribe and put your
notifications on I'll see you guys
tomorrow
once again thank you guys so much for
your birthday wishes I appreciate every
single when you guys saw my friends it's
all my family till my brother dies thank
you guys so much I'll see you tomorrow
take care um
