now once in a church with him because
wearing this basketball team it was part
of the church on bug out to all the
religious head on police out there do
big what is poppin I am with my cousin
right here slimmy slam was getting an
idea how you doing bro wait hold on
you're not doing that I'm having an
amazing day you should be having it no
more wouldn't send us old you guys break
you know what are you breaking to break
it up I'm not summer theme song first of
all second of all and have a new intro
after Ramadan so much you know something
life changed you know Wow things change
but things you can become better things
can become you know you just got to do
what you got to do now say growing up
almost 25 almost 25 we're gonna be 24
you have to buy a blink of an eye the
good thing is everyone is getting old
around it you always have to feel young
you know saying you always have to feel
young you can't be feeling old and you
got to feel young you gotta have energy
you gotta have fun with your life and
have you know a clean heart
so do me yank today mean slim we're
gonna have a clean heart we're gonna
surprise Rima with her first bike
because I'm not first I told Rima I'm
gonna get it and then after that was
like no Slim is gonna get it so Xenia so
now we're gonna be paying 5050 to give
Rima the bike cupcake in hello cupcake
arrests speeches gap guys some is there
cupcake when he's been on the phone for
like five minutes
like he's so out of focus
I'm fasting
I can't let me see what is that
Rima why is it coming up to me acting on
it it's not juice me what is that that's
not juice what's in that I know it's
tomato juice no it's not Pepsi like oh
my god I'm done with this man
everyone's here trying to trick me to
make me break my fast tomato juice and
this dude is like God man Rima what
let's go home you want your bike Rima
what's your bike let's do it dragon do
me gang we just got here to the bike
section Rima choose that whatever bike
you want even though she got a Cavs
Jersey on Oh
I'm gonna get a helmet first all that's
good safety kids look up to Rima get
helmets first and then get your bike
you're gonna have to know how to ride
the the two wheeler you know that
without training wheels okay with the
furry one pony 21 girl get up get the
cool spider-man one I like this one get
this one or that one that one is good I
like the unicorn the unicorn is though
alright now choose a bike with no
training wheels
no no training wheels come on this this
one Remo yes you sure let's give it a
try first
umm should be yeah try it out see if
you're comfortable you like it
I'll try the tire can you try everyone I
don't break it make sure if it's good I
want to see you alright
where you going Rima yo he just left do
you want he stole your bike Remo hey yo
yeah what's up man how's it going you
doing good
are you on the vlog yeah you're on the
vlog now what's up how's it going bro
you're doing good
what's up Bungie how you doing you guys
alright thank you guys I appreciate it
man hey imagine an easy game but I using
this flipper so imma tow all the people
say ah so we're you these are like the
only ones I'm still gonna wear so I'm
not I using my slippers come on man
my man I appreciate thank you guys so
much man are you okay
hey you like calves or nah I like the
Warriors man take that back rimas gonna
change her bike right now because the
little piece got off cuz it's live shot
a test run it and he ended up hitting a
dip remember got so angry that's that
she's seen the homies coming through
show and love and she's just like she
said cause it was but she don't people
to see her angry or mad you could do
anything you want now cuz no one's here
do it do it
hi guys Rheem is gonna try it out for
the first time ever
let's go you got it or not be careful
like stay still hello Lauren you got any
more you're gonna get used to it after
why you're gonna be used to it
China do know you got this remove the
battery mom yes hey you gotta balance it
don't run me over don't run me over
he's doing good she's gonna get a few
days she's gonna get it she's gonna
borrow any money I got it I got him a
first try
guys it's official real I got a bike
what's up I feel really good
come in Rima gonna take it over can open
the back Thank You memory welcome hi she
is it Hey I don't think the fit that
means you got to stay here you got to
ride a bike Tom gonna fit is it Gucci oh
yes is Gucci
she's making sure okay let's go guys
we just got home in one person I'm not
looking forward to seeing his Mawson
thank you so much because mustard is
gonna bug the heck out I dream I got a
bike and he did it but she needed one so
go hide and go hi hi hi guys the bag is
that that's just pink so what color is
pink
now pick a fool for Reema's rumors like
debris my hug I say congratulations me
and I'm on slim about to go summer I'll
see you guys next time do me yank we're
about to eat
if not right now me sling right the hell
out burgers you already know what I'm
saying I was trying to do a prank on
remeber I can't find the thing that I'm
trying to do the prank on her so I have
to order it online and I don't want to
tell you guys yes so I'm on give me a
few days because I was trying to do like
surprising her with the bike I'm gonna
tell flew the prank you guys gonna see
this really you guys can't listen to the
thing so after ordered online so in a
few days you guys will see it but I'm
out see you guys in next shop and do me
yank so I just got back from eating of
time and I was really curious and I
really wanted to drink this because Remo
was like drink it drink it so I was like
you know what I'll drink it because it
smelled like tomato like tomato sauce I
drank it and it's freaking hot sauce man
she burned my whole mouth yeah this is
what I'm saying man this is what I'm
saying I'm gonna get you so good oh my
god it's got really put hot sauce and
she
I'll be drinking it's Pepsi it's fantasy
but in my head I thought was like you
know those vegetable juices that taste
like nasty but like it's healthy this
thing is legit like all of it is freakin
houseboats look she's trying to kill me
man
we must chat oh no it touched my lip and
my lip was just burning man
so I'm saying yeah we'll confront her
about it right now let's see Rema Rema
before you go inside the house Rima and
moss and you guys guys came for my dad
Bobby trying to give me hassles
Senate burn I'm off bubble good is
good yeah why don't you said it's always
Pepsi huh Wow okay okay okay that's nice
one Pepsi do me dig what's up I back as
Adam Watson yang a solid actually I'm
just Adam solid right now but those of
you guys miss Adam Watson
yeah asana because I miss him so much
and he might be making an appearance
real real soon to do the end but for now
I'm Adam saw Adam walks in yourself he's
way too ratchet to be here he's way too
crazy man but a do me again the first
thing I'm gonna say is that the last
time I've done Ramadan in a Muslim
country was almost twenty years ago I
turned 25 on June 4th and I was seven
years old in Yemen during namaha that
was my only level on in a Muslim country
the rest were all in America but
whenever I have and I'm going on here
like you don't you don't have the same
like I'm about vibes you know I'm saying
as it is in a Muslim country because in
a Muslim country everyone is fast you
can go outside of Italy and your fastest
I'm fast to your breath take my brush
think - no say it's like you made
connection here in America when I go
outside I see everyone eating McDonald's
Burger King eating chicken wings outside
ice cream in their hand and laughing huh
and most of all drinking water right in
front of my face I don't feel that
Ramadan spirit so I do beginning for the
first time ever after 20 years well
almost 20 years I'm going to a Muslim
country to spend the rest of my Ummah on
their day after my birthday I'm spending
my birthday week over there I'm saying
and that is dou by dou me answers I'm
really really excited because they're
gonna be amazing
Ramadan vlogging it most
country I'm going to be going to the
message there ought to be hanging out
there in the desert all me children
having that I'm all on vibes I want to
be seeing everyone fast and just like me
no day after my birthday I am going to
Dubai and spending the rest of my time
alone there also do me gang mom I told
you guys how my mom is going to UM it up
with my little brother use of mace at
the end of Ramadan well it looks like
they're not going anymore and this is
really really weird because when I went
to Saudi Arabia and met up with all the
created palm we lowered our feet so I
can bring my mom and my little brother
so we can even it out you know I'm
saying and they couldn't come to time
meeting knives in his mama went because
my mom was with my dad my little brother
was with my dad they were taking care of
him and non-creative palms they like
promised my mom and my little brother
they're like don't worry we promise
we're still gonna take you guys so I'm
gonna because Adam lowered his feet and
you can still read book the flight
they're supposed to be going down and
like they're not like my mom is
completely heartbroken if I would've
known how to give your flights like
rated pounds another come on let my mom
down not just me my mom but it's all
good in the hood smells it do me getting
I decided today I'll be reacting to a
video I've seen a few people react to
it's called like a Christian and then
and the Muslim event and I thought it
would be really interesting if I if I
react to it because to be honest I
didn't know there was in advance but
Christianity so I I feel like this dope
to see other religions have their in a
gift for me to listen to and for me to
explain what their you know that the
Muslim event is one time a few years ago
I showed my friends who was also Krishna
he was my friend
I let him listen to that and he
seriously thought like he was singing
some but when I told him the meeting and
everything he was like so yeah let's sum
up let's watch it
yes Wow
well everyone is isn't Wow look at his
face he's like yo I'm gonna be honest
like all my life I never really went to
a church until I was like 14 years old
without that told you guys had a friend
who was Krishna and I went to church
with him because wearing this basketball
team it was part of the church on
bug-out to all the religious head on
police out there non tripping I came to
us in the Helen cookies like that not
obviously I went to a church is I was
part of the basketball team and I seen
them I personally seen them do the same
thing they did and it was literally like
a dope experience to like you know to
see other people you know have different
ways of calling to prayer it's kind of
similar to the Muslim one because you
know it's kind of kind of loud you know
I'm saying the Muslim one seriously
giving me like like it touches me
because like you can hear it in their
voice like and people go in and go deep
it's like really emotional because even
the words they say are really really
powerful matter fact that lets us play
right now let's play
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh everyone wondering what he said he
said God is the greatest four times
he wasn't just screaming or say
something else like oh he was actually
saying God is the greatest four times as
you guys know I always say Allah Allah
means God you listen closely he said the
law he makes it long like you know like
a call to prayer
Oh
oh he said here I bear witness that
there none worthy of worship except God
all over here he said I bear witness
that Muhammad is the Messenger of God
you can see man he's saying he just
stained a call to prayer every one to
remind it to everyone like you know it's
nothing like how other people see it
when they hear it they like whoa like
they're just really confused it's
powerful man if you listen to it's
really powerful
come to prayer come to pick again
Oh
hi
Oh
come to salvation
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
there's none worthy to worship except
God and that is the Muslim event it may
sound like it's really long but you just
it's just like a few minutes later like
two three minutes it's not that long to
be honest I wish it was longer I love it
but it's really amazing seeing other
religions like having a way to call
Prater so to anyone out there who is a
different religion who isn't Muslim or
Christian let me know in the comments
below how do you guys in your religion
call to prayer let me know in the
comments below and do me again I'm gonna
be out so I'll see you guys tomorrow
realest own and divine
also do me get a tour tickets or right
here me and 42 we're going on tour the
Adam eats tour it is gonna be
insane it's gonna be two shows than one
makes you guys get your tickets right
Adam eats calm Australia Indonesia
Malaysia Singapore Sydney Melbourne and
the UK so many cities in the UK I cannot
wait to see every single one you guys
it's gonna be extra extra late do me
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care not forget to subscribe
because on my whole point one bill and
if I get to five mil I'm getting in gate
and get inked I'm not gonna say I love
you guys
mmm
