oh my god Oh Billy left to be honest I
thought opposer
guys look at this man we got the
Cavaliers LeBron James and Steph Curry
Oh who's stronger is it the Warriors is
it the Cavs oh oh let me see you oh it's
gonna be Game one today do me game what
it's Parkman I hope you all haven't
gonna meet today because I'm having one
eternity later what the heck are you
doing you're too short bro the crazy
thing is every single day Mawson comes
down without me even telling him and he
trains and boxes man I think he's like
he's such a foe oh never mind any
torques - he doesn't have daily basis
well is he what the heck is he doing
must've stopped Rima who taught him that
say well let's not you before we get the
flag popping - do me I do not forget to
give his like a giant thumbs up and go
subscribe and put your notice pages on
that's all I hear huh they really think
that curry and LeBron bro what are you
doing what are you doing huh bit my leg
bro Allah will they bit my leg stop
muscle Allah Allah stop what are you
doing chill out my dude yo ain't gonna
like me mustn may look like he's 1 years
old and like a little midget and low
Shawn I'm telling you he is powerful
he's powerful hi guys we also have the
homie Rafi here and we have Jenna Jenna
right here curtain shut boy got the
shopping cart before night shopping
calling world more beautiful shopping
guys we just got done shopping to
Walmart and I'm telling you guys right
now I'm done taking all of you guys to
Walmart never again I'm never taking you
guys ever again
no more Murr love you guys take it there
so so bad man literally I'm gonna all
I'm gonna get a great haircut man the
kids are so bad man
look at him you guys are good in school
but like with me you guys are the
opposite why huh you have a garage full
of toys we're not in Toys R Us this is
freaking Walmart we came here for fruits
and for candy I'll tell your fancy mimo
huh are you fasting Rafi Rafi where you
from
what the heck yeah it'd be besties yeah
she'd be besties man muscles my bestie
no you did it Muhsin who's your best
friend yes we mean Jenna what muslin
who's your best friend stop stop what
impression
let me tell mommy I'm a best prep a
robust friend slim a do me gang I just
got home finally attended La I am so so
hungry we have like 20 or 30 minutes
left
so if that time has been really tough
for me today especially the past few
days because I've been working out I've
been training while it's or Madonna the
kids just make it even crazier for me
but a doobie gang it is sad for the are
you smarter than a 5th grader challenge
I am doing it with the homie you said my
nephew he is upstairs right now and his
phone is down here he has a samsung
galaxy and to turn this phone on you
have to say ok Google but it needs to be
his voice so this is what I did it do me
a look it doesn't work at all ok Google
couldn't recognize your voice he's not
coming up is that coming up Lexi's
asking me for a pin I can't do it but
guess what do me game I did something
really really crazy I recorded uses
voice while he was saying OK Google so
watch this man this how you can easily
unlock a galaxy man look at this I
recorded the video right now wishes this
is my phone
this is his phone I'm gonna play the
clip with his voice saying and look it's
gonna unlock me yeah look at this huh
yeah oh my god yeah he's gonna freak
he's gonna buck out bro I think he's
about to come down right now live here
wow I didn't know this phone is that
amazing what the galaxy
yeah didn't what that dope was the best
which I ever did in my whole life oh hey
no no I guess not
yes oh no I recorded your voice when he
said ok Google yeah but that that's
gonna work McLaren I turn it off yo I do
mouth whispers ok Google show yeah voice
doesn't recognize I know and I like this
ok
okay okay take that well I say ok Google
ok Google hi anyone right now
anyone I gotta speak to sampling of iced
tea might well maybe tea Bible is dope
but see my point I'm all about the plate
are you smarter than a 5th grader as you
guys know I'm 24 years old
Joseph's 21 we're both grown men he got
his degree my show that I got my my
YouTube degree mashallah no but we're
gonna see who's smarter than a 5th
grader we're pretty much gonna ask each
other five fifth grade questions like
really supposed to be really easy
questions and whoever gets the most
right they win yeah let's see I think
you know I think you're gonna win today
I don't remember nothing in school all I
remember was like timetables and like
you know like math like science hi guys
we are ready to go to see who's smarter
than a fifth grader if you guys want to
play with us you guys can play with us
you're more than welcome to mi Yusuf
ready for a first question yeah all
right first question is what is the
fastest bird on foot is it an ostrich a
sparrow and eagle a dragon or a
woodpecker
it is drag ten seconds nine drag is not
even a bird yes the dragonflies spare
nine eight oh yeah Oscar ostrich we said
ostrich seems right like the long feet
here the tall one next question so far
you've got right you're gonna ask John
that's going on right yeah the next one
all right this question is what planet
is closest to the Sun the Sun are
closest to the Sun close to the Sun the
Sun is up there and the all of them are
pretty far away like realistically lay
all them afar away for the closest one
Venus Earth and Mercury it's not Earth's
either Venus or mercury because I
remember Earth was like the third planet
it's a missing Venus Venus it
you sure but is that your final answer
yes it is my business
Oh Gopi this I appreciate Venus oh my
god you know what's the resolution you
come at Nobu oh my god bill you look
good to be honest I thought about was
earth okay what the hell I ones it use
returned this is what I'm talking about
for a mock Simeon look what are you
eating a 7% man is only like 15 minutes
left if violets not oh can I keep it
yeah cops no ready Yusef a hexagon is a
shape with how many sides is it four six
seven eight or nine heptagon otherwise I
mean a hexagon heptagon have to come
Captagon seven oh my god
you're heig tomorrow see all the night
even I don't say well it's nice I don't
look for little stuff I can't I can't
swim man I'm not you but say well
they're not cheating no oh my god say
you sweaty god that's a that's woman oh
my god next question come on
once it to them who got to me you got to
hey i-it's to that guy Susan how long is
one regular term for a u.s.
representative what do you mean who's us
represent like like a present no not
president so like what to be honest I
came but it was obvious it's not it's
not it's not a president she's a
representative what is it options were
three one two four six the president if
its president is for if it's mayor its -
I'm gonna say four I'm gonna stay
forward man if it's wrong we get tight
I'm gonna say for it has to be four Oh
what oh my god what did we do this is
some BS Roy what I got two wrong
Wallace's be at Mawson me what's up with
this you set me up
yes you are all right next question I'm
so mad I choose it choose it which of
the following states is not on the Gulf
of Mexico is it Georgia Texas Florida
Alabama or Louisiana ten nine eight
comes
I said Alabama or Louie's shoes one
choose one what do you guys think what
do you think five he's saying Louisiana
Louisiana oh I'll get make the comeback
comeback cz2 do me how we doing this
already
Georgia was Georgia the answer was no
that what do you mean I represent that
it was two years but I don't know what
do you mean representative
representative that's a run okay Google
only know together my recently deleted
haha what is the lowest prime number I'd
even know what prom I said what is it
mine six in there no oh my god six nine
in there mom what is it 1 through 5 0 1
2 3 5 is 1 I'm gonna say 1 1 1 it's to I
mean I know my numbers it's over like do
I really need no problem he's supposed
to know credit score he's supposed to
know credit card it's supposed to know
you know how to buy a house how to
invest in your money what that freak is
a freaking prime number man Oh ty 12
what is the largest South American
country by area is it Argentina is it
Brazil is it Chile is that Mexico is it
Peru area they're not even my size but
yeah like yeah like the biggest size can
you draw this one wow I need to do what
I need to the formula base times height
times you know he's at Chile so he
dumped in a way to it oh my gosh Mexico
it's okay to not know miss Brazil
what do you mean why they give me land
I'm not good with lace that's a fifth
grade question you got you why they give
me geography bro a fifth grader would
know this is not you
wow what a shame that's like advanced
degree next question alright guys so you
sir has two out of three right I have
zero out of three right so I'm next
question and and you got a hard question
who was the first person to step foot on
the moon
oh that's the easiest Neil Armstrong
yeah just by the name yes
I got one listen I got what we got one
we got one set we got one we got one we
got one we got one we are carefully is
an example of what type of word is it an
adjective a noun a verb adverb a pronoun
thing now
I have no cool ass muscle me out I get a
option I get the call for help right
no it's not to say Who Wants to Be a
Millionaire this is are you smarter than
a 5th grader
what let's go five I'm asked Martin for
a drink enough - yo I gotta get extra
time bro wow man this is what this is
where the analogy comes out yes no and
now are you saying no Gusev got 2 out of
4 correct
I got 1 out of 4 I need to get this
correct and I need him to get it wrong
Sally tie it up so let's do it in the
northern hemisphere in what month is the
autumn autumn autumn they know how are
you really you haven't read it of course
you got yo actually got a point just do
that in the northern hemisphere and what
month is the autumnal equinox there's
not September North in Moses birthday
September yes we got it correctly let's
go he's my best friend that's my best
friend my best friend my best friend
that's my best friend my best friend my
best friend my best friend my best
friend my best that's my best friend
let's go for the Cavs no you won't be
cat yeah muster boys don't give up boys
I know I know this answer I know this is
it because I wasn't there before
this is his last question I got to write
he got to write if he guesses right he
wins oh my it's the last five minutes
when I'm alone this can be like his my
diamond yeah this is dot right now let's
see if it gets accepted
Omar you said what state is the Grand
Canyon Ames is in California Arizona
North Dakota New Mexico or South Dakota
we just went there
we know I mean I don't know don't ask
you just answer the question he's trying
to set me up
mm Callie or Arizona or is it North
Dakota and Wyoming cigarette direction
Callie Arizona is it California that
means we're doing one more eat shoot all
right this is my What's Wrong bro hey
let's go to Charlie who know the cat oh
hello let's go let's go skip not heaven
I'm skipping Bullock who is the first
president of United States um I was a
question bro so choices I'm skipping
those give me this try you set me up for
the cheap Gina
all right that's kind of it brain
twister you ready yeah are you good at
math I'm great in math but let's go
ahead good eye
30% of 40% is equal to 20% of what
person holding yo said again I 30% of
40% 30% and 40% is gonna be a 20% can be
run my 59 30 okay continue 30% remember
sound 40% yeah is equal to 20 percent of
workers Oh what was that
oh okay oh yeah this is so like
mind-boggling but like I got it I think
I got em up forty five sixty seventy
nine let me do this first oh oh oh my
god oh I'm gonna say why is he gonna be
sure six already I'm guessing 60 60 60 I
don't you 60 guzik see well add the
machine
voila a solemn Hey I'm not gonna say
well I don't say well looks small thing
all right ready one of the seven wonders
of the ancient world the Temple of
Artemis was located at Ephesus which is
now part of what country Turkey Greece
or Rome what what is it are you what is
it turkey agrees
Aoife sauce what's that I don't even
know what is it asking yo skip I got a
skip no you got to go I get asked in
that five minutes up hide you gotta go
alright I'm gonna say what he goes in
Turkey Greece or Rome I'm asking ya help
my god
what are you guys gonna say like what
are you gonna say so we get out of grab
my phone just tell me dancing pretty
much Turkey Greece Iran Turkey is what
no you can't sit still till time I guess
another question another question Joe to
be continued to be continued yeah I mean
are you smarter than a first grader yeah
yeah I do me I am in the bike here I'm
gonna go eat right now because I am
starving right now know when we're done
eating after that I gotta go somewhere
because we're traveling mean use of real
sword oh ma yeah yeah just call it aside
and it's gorgeous so I do me gang I hope
you guys enjoy it like we did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go
which it which is the answer she just
said do me again if you guys enjoy the
black make sure you guys subscribe and
put your notifications on I'll see you
guys tomorrow do we got take care
