dumi gank what's up I really hope you
guys are having an amazing day I want to
start off this vlog by talking to you
guys about something that happened this
morning when I woke up if you guys do
not know the story of Ally Bennett I
will give you guys a short summary of it
right now me ally Bennett a friend of
mine a young Muslim born and raised in
Sydney Australia who has lived quite a
successful life however it was only
recently that his life took a dramatic
turn this is Ali's story what's happened
to you and at this point of my life
follow any
I've been given Tianyi hungry lavalla
with
and cancer throughout my body
and I've changed my whole life to sort
of helping people it was in my blog like
about a year ago I told you guys about a
story and you guys should be familiar
with the story because it's like
everywhere and he pretty much became a
close friend of mine
seriously I loved everything about it
because he had such a pure heart
whenever I was with him he would inspire
me literally in every single sentence he
would inspire me so pretty much who was
diagnosed with cancer and the doctor
said that he has seven months to live
today I found out that he passed away in
that Allah he were in LA he died you
know that means we belong to God and to
him we shall return seriously when I
found this out my heart was broken I was
shattered I could even move I went up to
use if I was sleeping the betterment you
said you said you hear about honey but
did you hear about honey better
Yousuf ended up knowing before me but I
was all sleeping yeah you were seeing I
knew about it before I slept them all on
Twitter and life I didn't want to wake
you up but I didn't want to give you
like bad news as soon as you wake up and
it breaks my heart so so much because
we're literally talking about seeing
each other in like three weeks in
Australia it's just man like it's a
wake-up call man it's it's just the what
inspired me but I'm so much is that he
always kept smiling even though he knew
that he had cancer he knew he was gonna
pass away real soon he kept smiling he
kept being happy he kept helping the
world he started his own charity
organization and atw Muslims around the
world they said you have some ones yeah
that um to have seven months
that I had to jump on chemotherapy and
stuff like that by I didn't listen to
him and I this took the natural way up
yeah so I was taking natural remedies
and you're chosen but how does it make
you feel this is like do you ever be
feel down are you how do you how do you
feel about all this they come strong
they come times in my life where I feel
down but probably more because of my
pain and stuff never down with Veloster
who would why he's given me I'm always
happy with Alex because as I said before
it's a gift it's made me change it's
made me inspire people all around the
world
that's good when I've seen it when I
heard about it I felt like it was about
was amazing so I want you to you know to
happy into less because you're you
experienced buying millions of people
cuz you just remember that you're spying
millions of people
don't have a few down keeps - well my
gosh I'm still smiling he's still happy
enemies and can you tell more about your
MA TWU project anyone here as you will
know some of you might not now have
charity organization called ma TW
projects
dude a lot of wolf images and housing
for widows in taiga you can follow me on
MIT W projects on Facebook mxdw projects
Instagram and we also have the MIT W
website atomizer sounds good I'm gonna
be in Australia soon and out I know
that's your hometown so when I go I
definitely do something MIT W project
and I want everyone you know to show
their support so because he is literally
a humble like the story is humbling and
he's a humble man and may Allah you know
give you the most happiness ever so
hereafter so um yeah I'm so excited
thank you guys so much for watching and
thank you fairly taking the time out and
doing your work everything you do right
now is inspirational I want you to keep
it up Thank You Adam
and you don't need to be Muslim to
donate I will be donating $1000 to ma TW
that is magic after this Ramadhan I
wasn't gonna monetize this video and I'm
gonna keep it monetized so whatever this
video makes we'll also go to ma TW and I
recommend each and every single one of
you to donate if you want and if you can
if you can't it's okay totally okay
please keep him and his family in your
diet seriously I do not know what to say
man like I I don't I don't know man like
I'm speechless
um always keep your heart pure always
keep yourself close to Allah anything
can happen at any moment and just
because he had cancer and he knew he was
gonna pass away don't forget everyone in
this world will die and pass away I'm
sorry to say it like that but it's it's
true Ali man I love you so much thank
you so much for being a special place in
my heart thank you so much for always
motivating me for always inspiring me
for always having such a clean heart we
will never ever forget about you and the
crazy thing is subhanAllah like the
doctors told him he has seven months to
live but he ended up staying three years
and he passed away in the month of
ramadhan well the gates of hell are
closed that is seriously like that
that's a blessing man like it touched
like it's a wake-up call man I just wish
I know like it sounds selfish talking
about which I would have at least saw
you three weeks from now but whatever
happened happened you will always be in
my heart and every one's heart because
you weren't just a Muslim brother that
you know that passed away you you're a
friend of mine and that's what touches
me the most about it man let me even
call me literally crying even to the
people who haven't met him he was still
an inspiration to the world like Yousuf
Yousuf never met him but use of always
tells me about it that everybody would
see him on Instagram doing that he
always dedicated he was passionate he
was very hard-working he was gentle he
was calm I'm telling you that I'm not
saying this like he dedicated his yeah
but he's still then he kept doing it
like he's he's he was an inspiration to
this world that I'm so sorry we have to
start this vibe like this but me I'll
not bless him Ali Bennett we love you so
much
and we will be making a few the song
love you sup Marcin oh good then going
on what is that
no what is that do you know what's a tan
yeah do you know what's um do you know
what's Elmo oh my god you don't know
what's a tan what's it then I was just
talking to
it's crazy how innocent kids are man
like they're like they don't know that
nothing goes on man like Subhan Allah
it's insane you guys do not understand
like so much stuff is going on to look
at him yeah it's literally like in its
own it's crazy man do you know what's
going on in this world do you know
what's going on no that's not what's
going on oh my god do me gang I really
hope you guys are having a blessed day
if you guys are make sure you give this
blog it thumbs up do not forget to
subscribe and put your notifications on
because I upload every single day
thirsty man I'm not feeling that great
today because I'm still thinking about
Holly but I can't like it can't leave my
mind man and the crazy thing is we might
even seen the vlog of me and Ali Vanna
and I told Rima the news and she ended
up being really really sad Reem
understands this kid here he's just he's
in his own world and I remember being
his age man everything was just free and
just like good but like now like I'm 24
years old turn to 25 anything can happen
I don't know he's just life is crazy man
life is great
