hi guys I'm ready to put the bath bomb
in here let's do it
this is so satisfying it do mediate what
is cracky Lackey and I'm here with the
homie Ali about to call him hiccup boy
cuz all he does is have hiccups all day
look look literally jell-o cups what's
wrong with you
day 12 of Ramadan adieu me Yang and it
is feeling great ham didn't love you
almost at 15 days I was so so quick man
like seriously I want to give a huge
thank you to the homie Ali salad I hang
out with him every single day and on and
on and he makes the time fly even though
he looks like he really hates me and I
never made him smile but it's up there
to that because it's only like 2 to 3
weeks old but I am waiting for the day
he smiles and do me and I might beat
this thing let's try to you guys know
what this is let's see if the kids help
me make him smile ok ready don't Holly
give a smile you smile huh wow this dude
is look at him he's bored he's like mad
look at him hiccup boy I'm a common
hiccup boy cuz all we do without a cups
look old in his eyes when I come next
daily yo this dude hates me man Rima
said it first again do me a thing we
gotta wait a bit more and still a baby
baby Ali well good night looking like
that I'm done with this is doing it do
me a house you guys know me and Yusef we
are starving like Marvin man we're going
to the mall right now and I forgot to
promote my merch man it do me again we
came back out with a restock small
medium and large was out yesterday I
promoted it on Instagram and this is
what's left we put out another hundred
of every single item so 10 gold
dumi gang shirts left there's 13
camo dirty pink camo t-shirt and 28 of
the you do you and i'ma do me shirt even
Logan Paul mentioned you do you and I'm
gonna do me you do you and imma do even
he's a big fan and knows the real
hottest march in the game you do you so
make sure you get it because this is the
last time we're having that we're coming
out with a new design in a few weeks
like three four we'd like a month from
now season two so stay tuned to do it
alright guys so right now we're at this
shop where there's only Chris Brown
merch which is called black parent we
would know do me any merch is like you
know of course man so much better but
Chris Brown I love his merch - look at
this look at that black parent look at
this shirts Wow see no evil hear no evil
speak no without dollar bill yeah I just
met the homie right here what's up and
he was watching mob this was a Haji vote
out I don't know good today channel my
chatter I mean I appreciate it thank you
so much that was pretty dope idumaean
seriously I've seen him walking past
bottom and he had his headphones on
literally watching my vlog I don't know
if that was so awkward Cooper I thought
I was cool prior so we just got done
shopping for a little bit and this
frickin mall is so so big man they need
to upgrade and be like Dubai Mall they
need to bring some taxis inside the mall
here if I'm an American you ain't doing
a man come on man
learn from Dubai Dubai is in 2050 over
here in May I feel like they're back in
yeah man learn from there oh we're gonna
do a bit more shopping and then after
this means we're gonna do a bit more
this is why I hate doing Ramadan in
America oh look at this look they're
walk-in then I don't know where cheetahs
be tempted
let's eat yo I'm telling you this is
just like yo must have bites what the
hell is this bro
let's eat yo they put you go it's like
me better my purpose man I know they
know they're gonna be hungry and they're
gonna want to eat so they'll come here
for iftar we're officially done shopping
you do me gank right now we're gonna go
to a massage therapist because I pulled
a muscle in my back and it is the worst
pain ever so it should be gone in a few
days in sha allah you know some people
always yell at me it's like why are you
waiting you look like an idiot waiting
for someone who likes watching your
videos for me you know your love yeah
you guys should love man you gotta get a
weight that way I do man
No thank you man your videos all the
rounds I was it happening from thank you
man how you doing doing good nice to
meet you guys okay I don't know man I
keep on following you guys all
appreciate thank you people who just
made their day I know man seriously man
I love seeing people smile on their
that's that's the main thing for me but
I don't want to that's something good
about you though my mother could show
something good because I always stop and
know show you a massage therapist we're
gonna go eat f5 and after if not we're
gonna be watching the game the Warriors
vs. the Rockets and I really want the
worries to win we go for go for the
lawyers boy with the duo baby man
Slim is going for raucous we're gonna
see him later too yes always the
opposite of event it do me game this is
now a few hours later I just got home
and charged my battery for my camera man
one thing about this camera I love it so
much but the battery dies real quick
like the old one I had this one right
here the battery will last really long
but I hate carrying like a heavy camera
and whenever I carry this outside I can
rarely live like in public places
because everyone gets if you value what
the hell we got a big camera what is he
trying to film is it a paparazzi I'm
like I ain't no paparazzi paparazzi got
me on me yeah I am back I if thought and
the Warriors took the W would do me
again
now we're back to me and slim being face
to face the cabs and warriors he's gone
for the Cavs I'm going for the Warriors
I respect LeBron I love LeBron but his
team is rock their trash but we'll see
how it goes that do me yank it is like
almost midnight right now Hamza just
came over my crib I bought these bath
bombs right here I got a pinkish reddish
one right here to make it look like
blood I got one that slime comes out of
it and and I got a white one to look
like a beige ish one to look like piss
and the yellow one tool to mix time I
look like piss right now he's upstairs I
always take a shower at this time
because I'm getting ready for sir Jota
to play fort night and I did a prank
like this a piss one on Naz like a few
months ago so I'm thinking about doing a
pinkish reddish one taking this one I'm
taking this one
hi guys I'm in the bathroom right now I
told you if it happen I'm gonna go take
a shower upstairs get the water run into
my lock pin we locked in my fin like the
Warriors man hi guys
I'm ready to put the bath balm in here
let's do it this is so satisfying let's
go let's go big I feel so good Wow oh
it's all because oh my god oh my god
it's finally turning pinkish reddish I'm
gonna make it so quick and put it all
over me I'm gonna scream kind of loud so
you can fall for him be like what the
heck though his first glance could be
like Oh
why why do me yang I'm so so sorry this
did not go as well as a plant
it's literally backfired I should have
known man to know that Hamza is becoming
older now it's so this means more Sanrio
SAFF and Alby watch your back and this
whole place is a big mess I gotta clean
it up look it was fourteen four more
days yeah oh yeah his birthday is in
June 2nd June 4th man Gemini's what my
Gemini's that man I seen I've seen Khloe
Kardashian tweet a ma and geminis are
crazy but your girl what you say a man
like me veena has a hymen even to pot
with Gemini will you take a girl right
yeah what what we're like doll like
we're like the coolest opposite I don't
really take the horoscope seriously but
what are your horoscopes let me know in
the comments below any Gemini's out
there Gemini was right here would have
cool this but it's pretty cool about my
end the vlog here how's that man you got
me in this one
I failed do me get admit I failed I'm
not it's okay a little prayers bastard I
you're not faster it's just no one's you
know like even the prank master can fail
times but you
come back stronger real real strong real
world strong and stronger than this
no I'm saying do me a few guys enjoy
this video make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey thank you guys
so much for loving support me see you
guys tomorrow
take care and
