so if you check I'm done with there's
nothing on the floor like if he's
tricked this dude is bugging this do it
is buggin book a doobie game what is
poppin I'm with The Addams Family what's
up say what's up honey how you doing
doing good first of all say
congratulations Youssef he is graduating
on my birthday success you let the
success talks the usin gratulations
mangy Moors we had stuff to watch I
speak on his name preciate your real
suit we should do a challenge are you
smarter than a 5th grader
oh yeah yeah also I wanna give you huge
happy birthday so I feel so sad man
Dina's not here and it's like it's
Ramadan and stuff so we're gonna sing
her happy birthday because we know she's
gonna watch the vlog so you guys ready
to sing Dina have you weren't there
matter of fact now us we're just gonna
let Maus and sing happy birthday to Dina
because that's like his bestie like
agreement say after they love me the
most
cousins they love each other and I'm and
must it who do you love
yeah boohoo every day yeah mom feel
better okay I want you to sing happy
birthday to Dina okay go happy birthday
Dina it is like day ten of Ramadan today
it's gonna be an amazing amazing day but
first mean Yusuf's we're gonna have a
basketball game we're gonna be working
out with each other and fasting and
stuff but the kids over here they really
want to go to circus they really want to
go to the circus so do me a today's
gonna be the first time ever going to a
circus I feel like you guys are the
circus and you guys are just gonna
appear there but seriously
Boston remot say I use of YouTube
sometimes you're a kid be
on your best behavior do not forget to
give this blog and giant thumbs up and
do me a thumbs up do not forget to
subscribe and I mom we're gonna go work
out have fun and uh after that Circus
time alright guys we just started
playing basketball and the homie Sayyaf
I mean like he is a beast involvement
he's about to give me an assist right
now you said man you saw heard from
staff a little brother your meaning you
literally he's a meeting you let's see
you hey okay yeah yeah you gotta make a
jump shot for me man seriously man cuz I
know you got the jumper he got the huh
he's making it back to back to back good
again let me see you Joe John Watson
let me see you jump shot no not your
dance your jump shot
yeah your jump shot yeah your shot what
the kind of jump shot was that why you
told yeah do it go ahead watch this
it's the biggest fear what does he do do
we gank we are now going to a circus or
to like a fit carnival I don't know what
is it circus it's a carnival and inside
there's like a circus so you don't know
what to expect what what thank you guys
doing Oh Mase is my little brother
you'll have I told them about why his
name is Mase like in like no she never
knows she doesn't know I don't think you
even knows but do you know what is it
say why is it named ace and Yusef
catarah gotta run but let me know about
my little brother let me know in the
comments below we're going in right now
we don't really know what to expect but
I'm are let's let's see what about the
park up but you just say if he goes in a
riot and a loopy loop what do you mean a
loopy loop like around yo this is like
my first yo I haven't went for a long
time and like rides with my family you
guys ready you guys are crying so don't
cry today Monson is gonna be the guide
today is mostly you know you know cry
okay well that's before let's see after
Mullen wants to go to a baby section
Bremen wants to go to the crazy ride and
say I doesn't want to go on anyway but
but but we're gonna go since me and you
super fast in and every ride here I'm
not even joking every ride and Wolf's
pinning those the spiders yeah okay
we're gonna go you know what school uses
good they're all Disney rides but we're
gonna do a bit of lighting look at that
look at that one
this is a Disney ride like why would you
want to go on a ride where like you spin
to throw like every runner is like late
the other one look at that one right
there like a spinning right there
alright he's ten seconds in
Lawson runs and trips I trip over these
things 20 times a day even though I work
here and yeah
I'd normally there's 20 seconds in man
like already already dude like really
man a shout-out to her thank you she
gave us spending so hey thank you so
much
I'm policeman she kicks you like ass up
in here oh now you got a real good okay
well one more monster get a W we take a
WS mustn't keep going lady won the
jackpot I broke the dust
I know don't call me a loser been here
for five minutes Muslims already injured
they want toys this has been a crazy day
man I'm just hungry I'm looking tell you
know to eat you can't go Muslim you
can't go
yes
okay Muhsin you to stay with no I don't
know if you small small
when you're taller when you're told when
you're told when you're told that you'll
be better don't worry when you're told
yo look at this dude yeah yo we just got
to the circus
what the heck is he's sitting on the
chair he's gonna go he's gonna fall all
man needs to be careful if he falls down
man I know nothing nothing
he got nothing on there man boo this
buggy man I don't even want to distract
it I don't want to distract this dude is
about to blindfold you know is what do
oh my no way no way
say Allah he's trippin now Allah
Oh yo know if you check I'm done man
there's nothing on the floor like if
he's tricked this dude is buggin this
dude is buggin for look at that not oh
my god
oh my god Wow go on a roller coaster you
your first roller coaster man yep were
on a roller coaster you have to put on
this Evo
oh my God look at this ride
what the hell yo use of man I am
starving we need to go man like they
even won fishes and stuff like let's eat
fish I'm seeing fish what are you gonna
name it
what's his name wasn't guys it is
currently 2 a.m. right now and look at
this you guys are gonna die that far
Remo's watching the vlogs and she marked
out what the heck is he are you serious
Muzzin what's going on you're watching
Rima sleeping at least you hold it let
her sleep you can't what it means she's
sleeping she probably got a new plan I
got it for today like sleeping with a
pen man that it makes you be careful
