you see them look at trying to be
low-key look hi how you doing I'm
actually dr. um dr. dr. Brendan do me
gig what is poppin it is around day 9
day 10 of Ramadan I do not know but all
I know is when I woke up I found this
dr. outfit right next to me I have no
clue I think my dad got it for me or
something because you always wanted me
to be a doctor and now I got it I got it
all man dr. Adam is coming to rescue you
it is so so hot outside so me and the
whole family we're going to the beach
I'm going to the beach like this I'm
gonna be the doctor at the beach people
are gonna give me stares thinking be
like what the Freak what is he not doing
in this hospital but it's all good
because I'm dr. Adam it's gonna be a fun
fun day do me yank do not forget to
subscribe and put your notifications on
and do not forget to give this back edge
ient thumbs up I appreciate every single
one you guys were always good like
thumbs ups try to get twenty five
thousand times up and I'll see you guys
next time with more since it what's up
say I've stay what up Rima say what's up
we are not going to the beach anymore
because it's closed they're doing an air
show like airplanes like an airplane
show so now we're going to wear who's
your best friend Marcin your bestest
best friend
oh because mm mmm
mmm-hmm guys this is the first time I go
to a park near my area where I move that
and like their parties are huge and it
looks like yo look they got a waterfall
what wow this is like a mini nigh are
your fries what let me take a picture
you go to your snake yo it's a bunch of
ducks just chillin right there what does
the duck say huh hi ducks Ramadan
Mubarak are you fasting but not be
seeing you eating so Magadh of time
how are you ducky quack quack oh my God
my son Austin what are you doing yo
there's a baby duck right there Austin
just that doesn't even care what you
have duck feathers guys someone hold
Boston back like tell him to stop even
people are staring at him back there
like what the heck is that dude doors me
there's legit this isn't legit turtle
out here what happen why look at it yeah
I just dip you are a turtle hi guys I'm
in the park right now there's a couple
fans looking at me and they're trying to
wonder if it's me or if it's an actual
doctor but when they do come I'll just
be like I'm a doctor right right there
you see them look they trying to be
low-key look hi how you doing I'm
actually doctor um doctor dr. Brendan um
this is gonna be my doctor documentary
yeah I'm joking how you doing what's up
you guys doing good hi hi I'm not seeing
it up to the block what's up I'm not a
doctor I'm actually I'm really
shut up how you guys doing what's up
there and I'm so awkward for you guys
seeing me like this yo I had to take off
my thighs what happened was it great huh
yeah do man how you do what up man four
nights also man I always get like
negative eight kills I don't know about
took off my doctor outfit cause it was
just weird
so you know say what's up hey he's doing
it for it I didn't marry cousin also
Jenny's it hi Jenny look pretty much
friendly alright say hi what sorry about
that
he's so easily oh my god come on sorry
I'll see you guys all right thank you
taken again Marcin why don't you tell
them honey you're scared
stop stop well you scared of huh
you better run gun always wants me to
carry him they just wanted to tell you
hi and give you a big hug sob you scared
you scared of fans yeah why he's good at
what why he's good
guys look out of nowhere just started
raining and it's causing so much traffic
like like you gave a scene out what the
hell dr. everybody you okay
we share with you boo-boo one two three
huh
get up you better obey our guys I am
home now with my real best friend Ali
Saleh we're back with another segment of
trying to make Ali smile look how small
he is man look literally the size of my
forearm Eric look man I'm gonna get
straight to it I'm just trying to make
you smile I'm gonna make you smile no
smiling say cheese cheese chick shocked
shocked are you not happy or something
or what the only time he actually smiled
was the first day he was born literally
a few hours until he was born he gave a
little smile but now he's like I don't
know if like he's just angry all the
time he's gonna be a mini mus and I can
see it already you're sleeping in my arm
right now like him he's sleeping on my
honor do me yeah I wanna give my prayers
and my thoughts to Mos Allah and his
family he injured his shoulder really
bad seriously I just got into soccer
aka football I was watching the
champions finally the CPL whatever you
guys want to call it I don't know the
championship game was pretty much Real
Madrid vs Liverpool for the first time
ever like me my dad were going for Mosul
I you know wanted him to win and freakin
Sergio Ramos man he injured him and it
looked like it looked like was done by
purpose man like I'm gonna show you guys
the video right now on Twitter new guys
tell me if its purpose or by accident
let me know the comments below if it's a
purpose or accident man that's not right
that's really really messed up and it's
Ramadan I feel bad man freakin Mohamed
Salah left crying seriously man I was
about to cry seeing that happen I felt
so so sad so my prayers and thoughts go
out to Mosul I Love You Man if you were
still in the game you guys were the one
I don't care what anyone says man most a
lot love emoji I just got done eating if
thought with the family do me yang I'm
feeling so so much better today I was
not feeling that well started raining
only once at a park so I came back I was
in a depressing mood but hadn't
deadlines feeling so much better right
now but I was checking my insta story do
you guys do not know always upload is
the stories to my history right here and
Mauston was singing me this best friend
song he was like Adam is my best friend
Adam is my best friend and I had no clue
about this till now cuz I seen you guys
replying to me telling me that say F
stuck his
Littlefinger in the video look at it
what is he doing man you know what I
better go approach him right now and
confront him about it I see what he says
what's his excuse now
so yeah what's here Thomson self come
come over okay
yo what is this you have a whole gang
behind you or what do you have any
confession you want to make to me Oh
anything you want to tell me so you have
no confession to make huh okay I want
you to come you ready cuz I got hardcore
proof all right now look closely at
yourself okay okay you something look
look us here what do you do there
what you do
Rema what did he do he picked up the
middle finger idiot
Why Why What say exist I'm sorry I
didn't know you do anything very ma
thank you
maybe now he's never gonna do it again
well I'm sorry yep no don't bring my
light
I have something to tell you yeah I'm
sorry pretty soon my friend
no no my friend now he's gonna leave you
to your phone this lab but six-year-old
kids will have bone hey so my friend
he's mad at me look I still love you say
do you still love me nobody say well sir
you're joking give you a heart attack
but don't ever say I'm not your favorite
uncle who's your favorite uncle what no
no sir Sir
who's he fear don't go through so why
are they form 24/7 24/7 Oh free promo no
free promo $20 that's what it does
$20,000
you gotta come up with a rap name what's
your rap name like her what is a little
rain no you guys need to go to sleep now
I was like one this one am not one zero
zero come on guys okay I know I suppose
what I said yeah like go to sleep good
night good night good night imagine this
I love you guys don't forget to give
this like thumbs up and go turkey take
care and people
