like I give you this kid in it and I get
that like you sure Martin do you wanna
go there okay I'm a thank you man
do you wanna go in me yeah cool
do me game what's poppin it is day 8 of
Ramadan I just woke up and I seen Sayyaf
literally right next to me sleeping and
I'm like what how are you sleeping next
to me I want to sleep he's not next to
me I woke up and he's next to me how was
that possible I can't get out and I
slept makes you you know that's scary -
sleeping with no 1xu and waking up and
you just see like what the heck's a but
right now I'm about to go work out
something that I don't really like is my
workouts I work out every single day
Monday to Friday for 45 minutes I do a
boxing workout and I also do 45 minutes
of basketball I just never really like
it because I feel like what I'm working
out I need to be focused on working out
the reason why I do that is to stay fit
and you never know I do my boxing just
in case the fight after case I Logan
might be me you never know just expect
the unexpected and basketball aren't
practicing because I'm gonna be in team
rice steamed rice we're taking the W to
do it sorry team a's family i told you
guys you guys are dope you guys are cool
but i feel like we got the better team
anyways to do me angry mon max and they
do not know that Sayyaf is even here so
they're gonna be so Gus wait hold up why
didn't you go to school did you go to
school today or no why no school is good
stay in school kids okay okay school is
good get your education school is the
best let's go upstairs let's do my
basketball workout in the witness you
Remo and Lawson what you're gonna run
walk out on me she's already on her way
here what's that you carry hot chips and
your oh my god Dwight save it to later
save it till later but hi guys before go
workout we're gonna surprise Mawson
first that's a Yap is here they always
get so happy one like their family
members ear muffs and then after that
we're gonna surprise Rima so anyway stay
there
bad boy that's his name from now on bad
boy bad boy come come I have a surprise
for you guess guess what it is take a
pee it's not check your cheese thank you
it's not bouncy house I come come close
your eyes close guys keep eyes closed
keep walking keep walking straight walk
straight walk straight walk straight
walk straight more look to your right
stop look behind you look to your right
to your right
must they come look look who's there
Boston assault lost mate he had no clue
for a good 30 seconds Oh robot to go to
Riva right now and have a basketball
workout come what do you eyes talking
about huh that's young play basketball
let's go even animals don't make noises
like that guys look who you have here
cupcake so mom I have a surprise for you
doing wait hold up I have a surprise for
you I have a surprise for you mom close
your eyes cause I asked first cause guys
my keep walking straight keep walking
keep walking keep walking
look to your left open your eyes
oh lucky man Rema give Moss's something
your name is something say something
I even get nothing man I don't know how
to feel I didn't get nothing
what is it man a man wants presents -
man I want presents dude where's my
present look at this
Thank You REE mom what happened what
about me you already got to do do - this
is why your nickname is bad boy sorry
I'm sorry
that's what engine do the most in this
do me gang I never really showed this
part of the line because ko King likes
to come out seriously man he's too quick
man he's too quick they use his bag over
here for speed for the practice if speed
I already got power for my weight I just
want to make my speed even faster so
this bag is good for and I'm so so
thirsty right now my mom is vacuuming
but let's do it
every quick anyone comes actually right
there hey I wish the punching bag baby
I regret doing this minute thirsty huh
do me gang I just got done with my work
I'm chilling with my dad now Bob Assad I
say what's up hey what up man I doing
Noah Goethe chilling you doing good
Leah buddy good job you guys have your
seatbelts on all right if you're under
16 in the back you always have to put on
your seat belt
yeah that's okay but not in the front
mostly not six and half gate three and a
half how do you know you're three and a
half
how old's you Bubba he's awesome why a
lion and man when his birthday comes up
he's gonna turn four oh do me gang shine
at all two Gemini's out there man love
you guys man I'm a Gemini more subdued
for it my birthday's coming up and I'm
alone I promise you guys I'm gonna turn
mature I'm gonna become a bigger and
better and more mature person you know
what maybe talking to Siri I'm just
saying what up Syria do you have a crush
on Syria
hey I had the cross on Syria actually I
have about 880 credit now I have only
one crush which is not like only my wife
only my wife I'll be loved more huh how
many she's listening to Slithe he's like
she's lying why you lie Paul hey what's
their names
what's their names
let's watch
damn she remembers from the tour man oh
my god you guys excuse me
doing a switch kid can I can I give you
this kid in and I get that like you sure
if you want we can give you him and we
get her switch yeah Mawson do want to go
there okay I'm a thank you man
you wanna go with me yeah I coul switch
so say I'm joking guys today's a big day
for my dad I am buying him a vlog camera
he wants a vlog camera volley ready what
are you gonna do with the camera though
like what kind of videos pictures gonna
take I'm just curious my dad like he
loves having the camera in every little
yeah
maava choose you any camera you want
whatever Kim you like anything whatever
you choose what you think no no don't
get down trust me sup I'm a better one
stop stop surprise my dad is getting
that one wait a minute camera my G yo
that's the first black hammer I've ever
had I love how hard I can was good
you're gonna love man you don't love
there are gonna be sold come on
we're buying you a bar you but yo
couldn't buy him guys we have some bouce
here oh my god I'm about to eat oh my
mother eat up man
you two men you thought you gonna be
left out I may eat you too matter of
fact I made you the first one do me gang
I have something really really serious
talk to you guys about I've been having
beef with this boy seriously man this
kid stuck the middle finger at me I
can't believe him in his name his name
is Ali Saleh this boy right here
this is him man not seriously do me yet
if you guys do not know I was vlogging
the other day and this dude over here
Ali Saleh
yo I'm here to literally I was just
going like that is back a few minutes
ago wallah look at night where to sleep
night wanna sleep or do you want to
stick the middle finger on me mean
you've got problems we got beef can't be
doing that boy you gotta learn man
serious it's not like you were born
yesterday it's pretty funny because
Mawson was trying to stake out his
middle finger the other day and I can
already sense he's gonna be really
really bad this is our first ever fight
so make sure and become good from now
okay you'll be back to me I'm gonna eat
you for if not okay he's giving me
grills well again he's grilling then it
looks like it wants to hit me with okay
so be good be good he's trying to speak
be a good boy Ross you're gonna be my
sambusa won't me no cheese on Musa it's
gonna be a Lisa Musa normal middle
finger I love you he likes this he sucks
on his thumb look look look at him
looking
why are you second I had thought like
how badly he's sucking on his dog don't
I'm gonna take you I wish I had won't be
do me X well if you guys do not know we
changed up to date for Sydney it is
actually not July 6 I made a mistake it
is July 7 and the tour starts in
Melbourne Melbourne Australia July 3rd
the new poster is right here so make
sure you guys get your tickets - the
link is down below in the description
also I really want to promote the ace
family and the rice going charity
basketball event but I need to have the
picture fixed the posted man I saw any
editors any people don't know how to fix
up big stuff this poster right here fix
my name up and make it look as real as
possible like there was a no mistake and
tweet me that picture and then I'll be
finally promoting their vetno every
single one of you guys to promote that
poster with my name fixed they need to
put some respect on my name but do me
gang I really hope you guys enjoyed this
bike if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey thank you guys
so much for your love and support safe
why are you up it is like 10 11 p.m. you
have another appointment no you don't
yeah uh-huh you do why any phone it's
Naches do me dang I'm ending the bike
here thank you guys so much believe and
support not forget to give this value
thumbs up and subscribe and put your
notifications on I will see you about
tomorrow do me a take care and peace
