watson weapon okay okay okay okay okay
okay okay okay stop yeah I feel bad from
what's in man it's not gonna be a good
day for him man but I'm uh looks like
all of a sudden I'm his best friend and
he loves me but going by the title won't
be a good video for him today ready yeah
he has no clue oh don't talk about but
let's set up the camera let's do it stop
let's do it man all of a sudden he's my
best friend look guys going by the title
as I told you guys it won't be a good
video for him today and I think I feel I
kind of feel so bad he's like loving me
and stuff today but today I'm doing the
24 hour ignoring a baby challenge to
peek at well I only understand it's baby
challenge but he didn't understand the
word IG and o re oh look he was
attention right now and give all the
attention and in a few seconds we're
about to have a crazy like I'm Lauren I
don't know how long this is gonna last
look at her look I don't know how long
shall I start now start now you guys do
you hear anything
let's start now I feel bad I'm a side of
you am I starting to I feel so bad what
happen you got a boo-boo what do you men
do I'm gonna give it a kiss yeah what do
you do or bandy oh well there's no baby
so I guess I'm not doing it do me again
I hope you guys are feeling great it is
day six of Ramadan I really hope these
vlogs are bringing up your days making
you guys smell me and the whole Adams
family we appreciate every single one
you guys and we see every single one you
guys on Twitter Instagram comments
everywhere and this brat right here what
happened I'm gonna make your hair blue
yeah
okay I'm going to turn his hair to blue
she thinks she's pink mildewy blue has
no mas and blue hands go ahead yeah
ready
oh wow oh wow oh I got blue elegance
Murr you're gonna look like a smurf like
I mean look at me look at me
hey I said it's gonna stop so much wow
look at me you got blue hair
wow you're ready for me to ignore you
you are hi guys I think is ready I'm
gonna wash my hands and uh wish me luck
I don't know how long this is gonna last
but um ah I really hope it lasts long
because he's really touchy anyone ever
know what happened you know why you
always pick you know stop picking nose
ever since we moved under don't think
you know there's no pink bad blue hear
me good blue yeah yeah oh yeah
a Dunagan extreme and wesson they just
went upstairs to wash the airs and this
is where the ignoring begins I'm gonna
try it first and Rima and then after
that I'm gonna do my sin so uh let's see
how it goes they're both are gonna be
really really annoyed
before I started do me a make sure you
give it a thumbs-up and go turkey do not
forget to subscribe I'm almost at 4.1
million subscribers which is almost at 5
million subscribers which means I might
be getting engaged and I'm scared man
I'm freaking scared but I do mean I'm
gonna pretend to be on my phone I'm
gonna ignore her I'm not this is
probably gonna be really annoying I'm
just gonna be relaxing I'm gonna be out
of this world so ignore with me let's do
it
tonight video I'll keep hearing stuff
here thousands live here hi I'm just
chillin bro
boy you can call me just come troops
come to ask you I lately hey do me again
I feel so bad I'm going to Reba right
now look man all this kids fortune do it
are you
Ramon sorry three months are you are you
mad at me I'm sorry mom
me Mom I'm sorry
Muzzin this is all your fault man yes it
is I was trying to do it on you and now
I'm sorry I'm sorry
oh you're ignoring me now oh she's
ignoring me nothing
rimas now ignoring me this thing is
backfired on me oh my I came up because
I felt bad yo rimas ignore me Bubba well
she doesn't want to talk to me okay you
gonna tack you know no she's not like up
come not even hey mom
wait for Mike doesn't want to talk to
you about tell her man she's like Reema
hello
if she's ignoring us now why ignore my
dad Reema just ignore me huh hmm huh she
spoke she did ignore me she did you know
me I'm sorry I said I'm sorry
well that's like go down go down
Reema are you talking to me can you
speak are you talking to me what Mawson
she doesn't want to play with you she's
not talking to no one
get down get that kids
naima come down button try to speak to
me ma she still doesn't want to talk to
me
hi my name is even baby they have an FAQ
they have you know talk to me then you
can ignore me now
Wow I thought was just gonna ignore me
like Mawson it's like that it's like
that all right you wouldn't play the
ignoring game you know every month I'm
never gonna talk to you again I'm
ignoring you family
I'm ignoring you fabric that's it finito
done
guys I'm going down with the homie I'll
leave right here looking you got the
hiccups Mack and never making purple and
now you got the hiccups the kid I'm
sorry for giving you pick up Smith you I
will never ignore you know what this
challenge is too much man you know why
because it backfires anyone can just do
it on you but Freeman comes down right
now I'm just gonna ignore her for a
little bit then after that I'm gonna
ignore Mawson Ali you're ready even on
me good you gotta go he's looking at me
think of the way he stays dead stare now
he's like what do you see what did he do
I'm sorry mmm Katie Katie paternity
you're gonna be a cutie pie when you're
older sorry because I I'm sorry
mm-hmm I'm with Ali right here is so
amazing
anything but I don't hear nothing at all
that's all I hear is you're amazing I
love you guys look I'll leave man he is
so good things kitty
I know what you know what fine I'm gonna
talk three-month I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm
sorry all right
pinky okay okay I'm here to Molly
yeah
all right guys
do me gang I am doing my honours so I'm
let's see how it goes I'm just um just
relaxing chilling you know waiting to
iPod so let's see how way um let's see
how it goes we're just gonna have some
fun I'm sorry I know you're gonna say
that I know I'm sorry
I would never ignore you again I'm your
best friend forever forever see forever
well I think forever
Abby oh oh my god when he pulled my head
as a napkin
I could've doing this challenge it's so
hard because either backfires on you or
sided like you feel bad because I feel
bad
he saved it in the most cutest way ever
who's your best best best friend oh I
love you I love you more no I love you
more no I love you more no I love you
more no I love you more I love you 1000
Oh
