Raymond Dada
baby do me gang what's up it is day
three of Ramadan if anyone doesn't know
what a Millan is it is the month where
Muslims they get too fast from sunrise
until sunset we don't eat mint so I'm
turning grumpy I got my supreme umbrella
yeah I decided since its kind of raining
I'm gonna go and show off my supreme
umbrella hey guys look I have a supreme
umbrella
no one's here man but you know who's
here my family do me again so we're
gonna see every single one of them right
now they all came for our first debt
together of Ramadan with the homie Ollie
Hey look
Freeman brother hey bruh do be gay do
not forget to subscribe and give this
like a big giant thumbs up thank you
guys so much for always doing that come
on in let's go um I'll see what's up
with Adam's family come on guys the
Adams family is here they're going to
see my videos do you watch it every day
are so sweet what's up Jamel how you
doing what's up say yeah what's up prema
what's up mace my roommates but I've
murder mates for both 24 years old
come on paparazzi yo Kanye come on what
does that mean why make us fly yeah I'm
gonna make you guys fly yeah yeah I
don't know how to do it I would make
them fly I know I'm not that heavy my
geez man
I'm out I need to go practice in a
basketball game you guys want to come
let's go come through what are you doing
you still watching old blogs
I Love You Dina give me a hug I'll kiss
oh oh you just get the bigger thing you
attack if doobie gang I'm with some
other Addams Family
we also have Hamza pilot Reema Mawson
and ali khamenei do they come into or
coming
and Ali do you guys are early yeah you
want to have no baby do you wanna have a
baby
oh we have a new baby it's upstairs
Thanks I love your glasses Dina you know
I love doing it so much do me yeah I
just want to give a huge shout out to
the homey Jim man he is nine years old
and he is fasting from fed which is like
4 or 5 p.m. until method of which is
method which is till Sun sets which is
around 8:00 8:30 which is a really long
time so Jim at masha'Allah respect props
you want to give a message to all the 9
year olds how do you want them to like
deal with fasting like don't don't think
about food we have no homey say yeah
Francia are you fasting yeah
be honest are you busting clean you're
not you're not passing so would you
drink today huh Hawaii to go I'll think
about it
so you looking like a soccer player bro
babe you look like a soccer player to
was popping G I Nouveau come on you look
like a bride me bitch which is your name
- yeah I have no clue man I don't really
watch soccer the oils LeBron James curry
Manchester United agent shout-out to
Manchester United
let me see you cut Wow boy you look cute
oh my god you always need a person like
me what happened my favorite basketball
player is a mom yes okay guys we're
putting the cards back guys I ready to
play boy I'm ready to play ball
now we're gonna make it hi we're gonna
practice we're gonna play ball gonna
have fun because it's gonna be a game
aces team versus rice gums team and I'm
the team's have two NBA players as Paul
George you know Paul George and Devin
Booker which is gonna be really really
dope I'm so excited man imma so each
team each team has one NBA player which
is pretty dope you know I'm saying
matter of fact two NBA players other
name is Adam Sally please for Yemen that
ready no man please don't do me gang we
just had a crazy game of basketball
literally I was just doing this for a
workout I forgot that I'm freaking
fastest now I'm extra extra thirsty I do
not want to look at anything a small
food what's going what the heck is going
on oh my god Muhsin man if he's not
running out naked he's running out
somehow why is it why is it kids outside
yeah yeah guys oh let's do is he wants
to be fighting with the neighbors man
seriously look yo what's going on what's
going on are you bothering him huh who
said it Rafael Mawson who's telling the
truth up says they wait to ratchet I can
do it I'm going down I'm not even I'm
not even going up hi guys we're about to
go to the barbershop Jamel is getting a
haircut yeah I'm gonna take care of her
yes I'm gonna take care of you Rima only
boys go to the barbershop fine fine
let's go guys ready get a haircut before
before yo so yummy who eat extant huh oh
okay let me see your haircut before
yes an app snap ready hey we got Jim mad
with the French yeah we gotta say it
with the fresh cut heat shout out to
loyalty barbershop they said Ramadan
Mubarak to all over do me yank so I'm a
dumb about it to you guys let's go back
home and see what's up come on we have a
few hours Ramadan I'm fasting I'm hungry
like crazy and I'm still little fasting
so I'm just really worried in Dumaguete
we are back with the Adam giving away
freaking money and D bucks so ma today
is gonna be Japan he's gonna be doing
one kill equals ten thousand eight looks
yes Xena yeah yeah one kill it was one
thousand three bucks let's see what
thousand ten thousand people I'm about
ten thousand people so let's see how it
go with Japan let's do it
oh come on do some dancing guys thumbs
up if you guys want me the abbess family
to do a four nine dancing video we can
do good one then we do better than that
you know I said where do you want to go
got insulted go to go to me about it be
about it
you bought that till to the world what
happened you go ladies hey Donna hey
Bobby something
leave them up
sighs oh my god oh my god yo you ain't
gettin up you ain't get no people saying
for every kill you get you zero people's
what yo man that was a good do we gank
one of him I got so full bro his acting
skills are crazy you want on my ganja
metal yo why is he like falling right
when he's landing in like four night and
I'm ready to see him gonna kill this
dude go his day
oh my god man so my heart do it what
what no it's not why would a minute what
I'm still in shock man well yo I was
about to cry what what
you didn't get me no you didn't it was
Jim and it was Jim a law wasn't used you
ain't do now
guys oh my god I was so focused on four
night yo we still doing this oh man -
hungry for this man you got me so good
you scared the crap the head of me bro
you guys are dangerous man won't allow
so good you man good you're an Oscar
come at yo are you still doing before
night or no oh my god let's go
actually no I'm not oh my god guys my
heart like broke in half oh god you know
when you beat me up now I know how they
feel when they want to beat ya oh my god
don't do that again man I can't scoot
your mouth I'll touch him out oh yeah
don't gang up on him don't get you're my
best friend don't gang up on my best
friend you know whose laptop you hacking
step yo yo give my best friend back Sam
you told me you're fasting huh what's he
a stomach let me see keeps you eating
chips you told me you're fasting what's
the truth what was your chips huh stop
man
cannot run in the Adam family man even
though I didn't I was younger no oh you
tell the shut up girl huh d-does like I
don't care I'll let you fun you are you
fasting or no you are
me person you're a mean but a loving
person what okay what about you
at least in most in Edina they tell me
they're not fasting they don't care you
guys you guys say you're fasting and
that's why I don't want them to do the
tiny yeah you guys are lying you can eat
it's okay but like yeah it's okay you
forgot that you were fasting you - yeah
look at me Mawson Yoon su what are you
doing whoa stop stop nasty no no no what
what are you doing stop no stop you
weirdo get out the way what what you
talking to like that yeah we talk like
that yo yo yo do me gang as you guys
know a few days ago I was so baffled
from the yeah me and Laurel thing and I
seen an explanation video saying that
younger people here yeah knee and a bit
older people here Laurel
so let's see if it's true I'm about to
see what these little kids say Deana
hell do you say it hi for how do you
shake sock on what you tell me what this
says ready doesn't say yeah knee or
Laurel Danny no you know is it what does
it say - yeah knee
what say listen yo E he's an ue what
does it say no no really I want to show
every month listen Reema's gonna tell us
don't say nothin right don't say nothing
what does this say listen closely okay
is it yeni or the Laurel yeah no yeah
this is insane how the heck yeah yeah
yeah I hear low no no no I mean adidas
is doing it to get him outside man
but these kids over here they're saying
yeah yeah
if that time is it 10 minutes is old
like a 10 minute countdown the house
like the New Year's come in Japan I know
you're hungry but don't touch me oh
never pray come up I'm gonna go eat I'm
grabbing for people on me yo my favorite
food sambusa is here we got burgers Lena
wait you weren't fasting let's go we
have a few minutes to go Mawson man
Muhsin you gotta wait two minutes mostly
yeah he broke his fast
this one is over oh do me I'm full I so
much ending the bike here I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey do not
stop yourself there and if I because
that's what I just did right now I love
you guys do not forget to subscribe and
put your notifications on but not forget
Australia Malaysia Indonesia
we're coming Mienfoo easy too so make
sure you guys get your tickets I love
you guys and I'll see you guys tomorrow
another day another flag
