here which would y'all go home I'm just
joking to some about it do we game it do
be gang Ramadan Mubarak it is officially
day one but I'm about after all the
fighting
after all the complainin if it was this
day or that day after looking at the
moon after looking at the Sun after
looking at the Stars today is officially
Ramadan so Ramadan Mubarak I really hope
you guys have a blessed amazing month
you guys already know always coming with
Adama not vlogs I always try to make it
longer I was trying to make it extra
late even though my vlogs already lit I
wanted to talk to you guys about the new
intro that I'm doing as you guys know
season 3 already started I'm supposed to
have the intro ready now but I won't
have it ready till after it on belong
because the new intro that I have
obviously has music and I don't want to
put it out of respect you know for them
about I want to put it now I rather wait
till after so imma stay patient I love
you guys if you guys already turned up
with me I'm trying to make these vlogs
like streams like organic and like just
chillin whatever goes on goes on these
crazy in this house man I'm gonna go up
says to Ali let's go tell them what up
do me gang do not forget to give this
black a thumbs up thumbs up for day 1 of
Ramadan let's have a goal alright 35,000
thumbs up in a day less in the store we
can do it do me everyone who's watching
out there thumbs up and enjoy and I'm
gonna go see Ali let's do it guys Nelson
is crying where's Muslim well sin wasn't
awesome hi baby
I met Ali I said are you happy honey
honey honey
Ali honey yeah it's okay it's okay it's
okay it's okay it's okay good you're
good okay
guys I can't believe I just called him
Austin by accident man I keep forgetting
his name's Ali you're quiet with me okay
you don't cry when you're with me all
right
look I know you wanted to come out early
but now you're stuck here in Ramadan you
supposed to be out actually today first
day of Ramadan but he came out early to
see him about us a little about it to me
gang the only way he stays quiet is if
you walk with him like a beast he's dead
still he cries if you walk he's good I'm
walking now the Gucci man born you're
good because I know you like walks I'm
taking a walk with you okay okay he's
looking at me like dude okay okay let's
yes topless
hey guys look at my dad inside his car
I didn't know what he's doing things
reading a newspaper or what let's see
what you do mother just chillin reading
news what does it say on the news
what's in the news bad plan guys there's
so much stuff going on in Palestine
Palestine Yemen all over the Middle East
and it sucks that it always happens
during Ramadan so if you guys can always
keep them in your prayers especially for
this month like it I'm on like your
prayers always get accepted so I'm yaki
Palestine in your prayers free free
Palestine
I'm about to get my first ever real
driving lesson by my dad because I just
got my permit and then while I get these
lessons I'm gonna get my driving license
real soon I need to set up my
appointment then after that you guys
will meet Mawson's real official nanny
like his real name a that i've been
telling you guys about sama let's go get
this driving lesson done and then we'll
go see the kids Rima where'd you come
from from school I'm gonna take some
lessons and I'm gonna come back and see
you guys you want to come with me huh no
that's my dad first
you know you don't trust my driving bus
are you okay he said you have to go home
don't worry I'm gonna drive and come
back and get back myself what do I do
now make it right make a left left all
right
how do I do the stop sign huh son I
stopped how many times once twice won
hope alright guys I just finished my
driving lesson so I didn't get to vlog
some of it because you kept moving this
is good good what did I do that was bad
what did I do that I need to get better
you have like a book Oh apps was gone my
line yeah Adrian you know fasting a note
saying so like I'm trying to I'm trying
to make it smooth you know is it
I'm so so hungry do me gank the first
few days is always the hardest days cuz
you're like not used to but then after a
while it just becomes normal so imma let
see how it goes
guys Martin is here with Ali oh you're
his brother
yeah you're the boss no I'll leave the
boss what guys guys guys look at
everything
why can't you be like that stop come on
why can't you guys be like this be good
come on stop stop hey guys look who's
first time is it here in my place I'm
not part of it was that in my low base
what's up the first time here this is
the YouTube spot man yeah ready to go
pray Holly it sound like you were born
yesterday get up and let's go actually
he was born like eight days ago May 17
he's eleven days old this kid right here
is 11 days old man
subhanAllah this is Wow this is why I
love seeing like my nieces and nephews
grow I'm always with them and literally
connect the bar together
Ali I'll leave what up man what's up you
see here that boy upstairs don't be like
him don't be like Mawson be good so I'm
saying what come down I'm with Ali
handle ah have you hungry
how much Ali yeah yeah I don't start
don't start Marcin touches him too much
don't touch him like that okay just sit
down and be good be good to see Harley
yeah Wow
do you love Ali look I wasn't just
staring at it so cute staring at each
other look at each other Master why
don't you be like this with Reema huh
like his arm don't touch it because you
always love touching his arm his nose
everything
he's a baby who do you love more it's
the real question you ready
the real question and by the way there's
a fake tattoo I told the others fake
time it's not real tattoo so everyone
the same his real tattoo just tell them
it's a big tattoo
what do you love more Rima or Ali I mean
what did you hear muslin
I heard you love more who do you love
more do you love muslin do you love
Ramon do love Remo oh my god seriously
and having to let that Ali has been born
and I'm a lot like it's making this
easier for me man even I'm so hungry
we might be careful we have like three
babies around like they used to only be
Rima and then it was dreamin mas and I
was REME I'm Marcin and Ali look at them
Oh guys look over here look okay this is
a cute picture guys look over here I
want to put I want you guys to
screenshot okay only in Adam sighs I
want you guys to screenshot this and
guys look here also look here what's
taking a picture ready oh my gosh I can
never take a selfie
look him he can't see hi he's a loving
days old guys look at them this is the
cutest picture everywhere mostly why you
got to do this why why what's the point
of the kicking me like Reema's being
good at leaves being good and you
kicking me man what's up with you homie
whoa man guys seriously man have an ally
around like Darnell Milan it's gonna
make model Milan so much easier handle I
like he's he's a blessing man yeah don't
kiss him too much Darrin mustn't stop
doing that see like there's a bit like a
difference we know you love him but stop
like how much affection he wants to show
are you gonna be good what do you stop
what are you saying
Mawson stop saying middle finger this
dude is bad
the middle finger family no one's
talking about freaking middle fingers
man why I'm hungry
just give up uncle break me I'm just
trying to see Ali Ali Ali's gonna regret
this when he when he's old he's like oh
my god you guys really did this to me Oh
guys see you know he's the baby I'm
holding him you can't go on my back all
right you can't because I'm holding a
baby Muslim the moment when you realize
you're not the baby anymore
you can't I'm sorry I happen kind of
black for you guys but I'm trying to set
up the whole spot and this is what you
do I'm trying to give you guys organic
they fight to sit next to me who wants
the next to me why it's okay same thing
can I say the middle yeah and I'll be
next to both you guys who is your best
friend guys we're officially best
friends now am I your best friend you're
my best friend
and rimas my best friend too Irene was
my biggest best friend you're my friend
that's right yeah all right let's set up
now and get ready right cut take two do
me gang seriously as I said Ali is a
blessing especially to this block you
know what I'm gonna title this vlog
something about probably his first vlog
or something like that because this is
his first official blog I feel like that
like we connect in and stuff like that
you know I'm saying sorry mom Mawson Oh
guys I forgot to tell you guys but I'm
uh Reema you're gonna be really really
mad because she looks forward said I
move on every single year because of
this guess what and I look forward to it
to every single year and I'm really sad
but she does even fast but she still
like looks forward to it but there isn't
any Sam who says stop damn girl she goes
yeah she's getting salty Reema what do
you mad at me for I'm mad too
there's no Sam who says that all how do
you feel why Reba come I'm sad - there's
no said
girl I fast at least I preserve my son
who says why you mad at me Rima was the
one she mad why is she mad see it be
like mustard from wants to be like Massa
man is your every month you mad at me
because there isn't suppose I'm mad -
I'm mad - yes I'm mad I am mad you're my
best friend
Thank You Man I love you best friend
thank you that's right do me gang
there's only two hours to go I'm
starting to get really really hungry
right now I got off Twitter because so
many people to keep tweeting like food
stuff man
hey yo if you tweet anything food
related I'm unfollowing you
I'm blocking you I'm freaking muting you
please and number I'm trying to like
that I'm trying to be on social media
what's up yeah what where she she still
mad upstairs is Rima mad she's still mad
why are you mad all right you're always
happy right
Mawson are you fasting are you eating or
no you know it's Ramadan right do you
know what's Ramadan
what is it Ramadan so I girls as smarter
than boys man breem I knew what was
going on at your age man all you know is
fighting oh you know what's fighting you
know what's fighting what's fighting
what's fighting is that fighting how do
you fight why you want to fight me man
that's all you know is fighting see ok
ok ok ok
do me gang I know what told you guys
this might be the vlog you guys will
meet the nanny I'm sorry it's postponed
till tomorrow cuz I'm gonna go eat if
fight with my best friend slim I haven't
seen him since before he got arrested
yo yo yo just was good first of all I
should say Abdullah he made it out my
homie free slim he shot us everyone who
showed so much love I'm on you good
night thank you bro thank you boy yeah
I'm good
what happened in jail huh what happen
arose
whew taking shits in front of me bro no
wanna share a toilet concrete floor bro
you've been there bro you know hos
that's crazy but well well no when you
give me that phone call I was so worried
I was like damn I don't know like I was
like what the hell was I got really
really scared but hamdullah we're good
we out here now we're fast since I mean
it was in mad wait yeah I'm losing man
wait yeah but you look fine looking good
and I'm saying you like a flower your
name is slim for a reason I'm getting so
skinny Bobby I'm gonna skeleton soon
guys me and slimmer getting so so hungry
so about to go eat finally I'm starving
man I'm starving I'm about to eat a cow
cow right now man oh my god I've been
fasting yesterday too bro yesterday I
sort of fast some started early what is
it extra credit yeah woman and then it
goes off and like the food has been here
with some weight with extra credit no
that was amazing oh my god yo you know
we're like you were like so hungry then
you stuff yourself and like you're just
like oh my stomach's back yeah I didn't
want to show the food it was amazing
Chinese food Slim's dad was like what
the heck why Chinese food like in front
of us yeah our parents need to relax and
I see than everything man especially my
mom and dad man eat too much I see you
out there man is that what you let
happen to ya see the volume are things
you have to cover my food
I love I love Indian food but I mean oh
my god okay do me yank I am back home
hope you guys enjoy this black if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go turkey I hope you guys are
enjoying season 3 in these and all Milan
vlogs there is a lot more to come every
single day is gonna be like like streams
and if you guys want me to start Ramadan
streams or live streams let me know in
the comments below and I'll be starting
it real soon I'll keep saying that but
my new laptops coming in tomorrow so I'm
let me know see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace love you
