come on mom I pick up the phone beside
called me
ah good dananananana
so good so good
dick dick I'm only gonna be feeling good
if I pass my first driver's permit test
today
adieu big egg what's up I'm feeling
actually really great today I really
hope you all are feeling great we're
gonna start off the blog by something
that's going on Twitter right now and
it's annoying me so much because this
happens like every single year the first
time it was like the black and blue
dress or the white and gold dress this
time was the thing called yeah me or
Laurell so let's listen to it and see
what we all here because I hear
something else and some people hear
something else and it's just confusing
because how do people hear different
stuff I don't know okay Laurel Laurel
Laurel okay what I hear is freaking
Laurel I don't know how people hear
Yandy there's out of two choices yeah
knee or Laurel listen closely and let me
know in the comments below what do you
guys hear cuz if you guys hear yeni then
i just think you guys are messing around
like look listen
whoa rule out Laurel see there's no
Yandy he's saying Laurel seriously oh my
god it baffles me so so bad when he was
like see people saying no I hear Yandy
you're just crazy you're hearing Laurel
I'm like yo it's my ears go I hear
Laurel let me know what you guys hear in
the comments below I want to see how
many of you guys hear Laurel because it
is Laurel and how many people here yeah
me I don't know how they hear you Annie
do me getting so I made my own one tell
me what you guys hear
do you guys hear Adam or slim listen
closely because it's pretty insane look
I hear slim man no I hear slim yo this
can't be yo I'm freaking hear slim let
me know you guys hear you guys hear Adam
or slim cuz I hear slim look listen no
Cecil M Cecil em here man no one ever
sees this but after like late nights I
have my Hoka
and play for night hookah and for night
and chill also I got a package here to
open up I'm gonna open it up with my dad
my dad is waiting for me upstairs
because he is driving me to the DMV to
go take my permit test so I can get my
permit and then after that I can get
my license I'm actually pretty nervous
because my dad is coming with me
and if I fail he's gonna like bug out
like for me I don't I don't mind if I
fail I'll come back stronger you know
I'm saying but if I fail in front of my
dad my dad is gonna go wild he's not
he's not gonna stop saying oh you're a
failure you fail you fail so I'm doing
this to make my dad happy hopefully oh
my god ba ma I'm gonna go upstairs let's
do it do me wish me luck me and I'll see
you guys the next act
all right guys my dad's about to open up
his package let's do it G open it up
take it out see what it is
take it up Oh baby hey there's more this
morning hey what is that uh the Yemen
flag represent and Yemen flood guys this
is what I give my dad Yemeni flag in
this car right here hey hey hey finally
the process starts today I got my social
security card I got my passport I'm
ready to do the permit test do you think
I'm gonna pass or no yes yes yes and
ever since what if I don't know Oh
putting more pressure I forgot like the
questions for like seven all right let's
do it goes along
take it there wish me like y'all would
do big our lucky day I like it
chessy I'm that don't what we did about
take picture pass do we get past I got
my permit now I gotta take my father our
class and then the real driving test is
there man I'm gonna call my mom
mom's gonna be so excited right now so
let's hear you guys what I that dude
just said he doesn't have a license and
he still drives oh look yo that was me
low-key for the past few years I never
had a license so now I'm gonna
officially get it so I could get a card
I call him my mom right now
yeah yeah no I gotta call I'm calling
him I'm gonna tell her I failed let's
see what she says I'm a pretend of
crying come on take a bow it's not
called me yo i'ma call for my dad's
phone let's see if she picks up then
likes his wife you gotta shave his wife
come on
why she's gonna pick up quick Sheena
pick it up he's probably sleeping she
should wait and go I guess we had to
wait till Emma to get home calling her
again screw this I'm gonna do what she
does to me come on I failed the test we
passed I passed I passed
dumi gay I am back home with the homie
mustn't see hi did you miss me why you
never show me love and affectionate huh
you love me give me a hug then
a big hug a big big hug do Meegan rimas
coming down
I'm gonna show her my voice no how long
can I have that says Adam and I'm gonna
mess where I'm be like you're it doesn't
say Adam says slim just show you guys
how much it baffles like like people
want like stuff go on
remar wasn't cut way hiding I mean I
want you to tell me one thing
what muscle come here come here what
does this say because I don't know if my
ears a tripping or something but like
what does this say listen Shh
I think it says slim it's a slim right
yes a slim what does it say slim no it's
a slim what is it what is it what does
it say so you told you this little slim
thank you thank you my said thank you
this is what I consummate it cause it's
bites man hey stuff like this is called
spice man Laurel or yeah me come on
mochi i'ma go eat
hi guys we just got done eating the
Boston he's the next box in check right
let's go
I think muslin was expecting for me to
play in you expecting a fight or
training I'm trying to train you you
want me to fight you I said let's go I'm
trying to train him I'll try to train
you so my guys
SAP's that both the I said let me talk
to about the eyes sit down MA no no I
mustn't sit down sit down sit down
why are you doing that face Mawson
listen to me you can't fight your sister
you have to fight other people look look
let me talk to him stop Moses look Reema
please I'm gonna solve this issue okay
yes I'm just a simple stop have it look
like some here my but first boy so I'm
hit
but yo yo don't hit my button man please
don't please come on come on come on as
you guys know I got a brand new phone
yesterday right here and I had an old
phone that wasn't working and now all of
a sudden it started working so Rima I
have a surprise for you I'm giving you
this phone giving his phone yeah it
doesn't work you gotta charge it is
yours it works
you got to charge it what no you better
charge it you got to put the charger
inside well yeah it works you can use it
I'm up but you're not gonna have a phone
number Remo no you're not
why do you one have a phone number why
would you want to call me well you don't
want to call me Ben where you going wow
it's your phone now the Remo got a phone
I'll see you good rimas height what
happen but you have no shirt that hard
dad so real dad come on
hi guys me to remove what to have a
one-on-one basketball game game 5 I'm uh
she always takes it so competitively and
she gets so serious so I'm uh let's have
a go it's the funniest reactions by the
way so funny
ok let's go so let's go right now fine
forgot six you have six and a half five
so whose ball okay I'm gonna go I'll
give you the open shot
we must Allah don't be a sore loser okay
don't be a sore don't be a sore one
Chima the game uses come through some cm
in the next shot one rematch okay okay
let's go okay okay stop don't say that
this have Rhema place for knee come on
come on jump around and lick around
Rhema look around you can't see nothing
what someone shoe to look up look up
look up
oh my god her team are tweaking like
eyes she's looking at the ground yeah
look up yes
had just run for your life Rima finally
got a gun what
got the same gun what yeah you're
getting amazing Rima seriously you're
gonna be like ninja the best player in
the world
yeah your MA yeah ban jizz you give a
chest go get it why would you drop the
controller what are you doing get the
chest
rimas hilarium square square
come on Reema there's 30 people left
twenty-nine people love you got this
come on go high so just hide here was
Bob did you sit was good hey bro what's
up brother hey like a fly hey guys the
reason why you came here is cuz we're
here in the mall we're about to go to
mall Reema and your for night game screw
it screw it and your for night your luck
bro look at her she gotten literally
she's 26
she stopped 26 come on look around three
mom
he's behind you right there sure it's
okay it's okay it's okay that's funny
you did good handshake hey hey Dad hey
yeah he's coming we actually ended up
going to Best Buy because the malls
gonna be so crowded and Ramadan it
starts tonight
do me yes Oh Romola Mubarak to everyone
out there and tell them about it
everyone happy Ramadan I say I love you
guys and without vlogs started if you
guys are enjoying these long blocks make
sure you guys give this like a thumbs up
say thumbs up and do me guys
two thumbs up and do me if you guys
enjoyed these more long vlogs make sure
you give you the black thumbs that were
1000 thumbs up if we can get 1000 thumbs
up in the first Ramadan vlog then you
guys are amazing so I'm comes up and
let's go Sabbath bye love you guys more
long logic it do me ganks weren't just
ordered in my laptops coming to my house
in a few days and I also got this TV
it's one of my fortnight because the big
TV that I had is really really big and
it's so hard to play in it so I got the
small one I don't know why they're
sitting down just like me cuz I'm
sitting down listening that if I stand
up they're gonna stand you're not gonna
stand up Wow Wow
do me gay I just got home I'm gonna be
ending the vlog here I really hope you
guys enjoyed this blog if you did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey day one I'll put on my line it's
tomorrow so I'm oh my god man I'm not
looking forward to the long long days
but it's all good in the hood and
salaamed on hopefully we'll have fun
with each other chill with each other
throw out the flags throughout this
month and all of season 3 thank you guys
so much for love and support do not
forget to subscribe I'll see you guys
tomorrow take your hair pinks I put you
notifications on just stay updated Eric
stay one day
