oh my god
here it dummy gang what up it's a sunny
beautiful day here in New York City to
everyone that's watching it's probably
the Milan already so what I'm an
antibiotic to everyone out there who
does Ramadan the most amazing month ever
because he gets everyone together with
your family and everyone make sure you
guys always eat so hold because it's
gonna be some long long days people are
saying this is the longest Ramadan of
like all the Ramadan's
and it is ends like June 14 June 15 and
that's probably almost the longest day
of the year but only for us in America
and UK bun Australia you guys have it
easy man what time do you guys bring
your fasted Australia like 4 o'clock we
break our fast like 8 o'clock here and
the UK is like freaking 9 but I'm going
on vlogs start tomorrow do me yang so
Mitch you got stay tuned it's till
season 3 right now I want to show you
guys a lot of new stuff we have three
new things in this house a big
trampoline a big basketball court and
Ali Saleh so let me take you guys and
show you all three the first one is
right here this shrimp only how the heck
did even fit here wow look at this it's
huge oh my god let's go inside give me
my first time going in do me gang I'm
about to reach four million subscribers
and one thing I want to do for 4 million
subscribers is go up to the roof right
here all the way up there and jump all
the way down here so I can feel like I'm
skydiving like I don't know if my
parents are gonna let me because my dad
is here he's gonna start bugging out on
me so let's go inside and say what up to
him guys I'm with Bob asado hey Bob
what's up man I do it I feel it - good
go Bob when I reach formally subscribers
I want to jump from the roof to here can
I do that can I do I don't know why I
got one of my dad's favorite hobbies
it's like doing plants and stuff so he's
planting in the whole backyard what are
you doing what does that mean same thing
also segment II yeah
yeah the same thing and it grows big
same thing this is like what like mints
like Oh smell it it smells good in this
one same thing so you're making a mint
tea a mint tea house who did all this
you know my dad's gonna be home back
tomato tomato which was tomato these two
and what about this one nezam it says
men - and what about these like
spiciness
how long is gonna take for it to grow a
couple months I saw a couple months
we'll keep checking on it here and there
everybody what is that that's her oh
this Isabella's how do you say Bellis in
English I don't even know how to say
Bella's in English I'll get the
translation of one of my sisters and
I'll put it here it's a picture of it
it's a fruit it's a really nice fruit
from Brooklyn a this whole big one yeah
damn this thing's gonna be huge but
before and you guys will see the after
real soon hi guys we got a seat right
here you would know what I'm sitting in
right now because I'm about it's coming
so I might have to stop faster guys I
remember when my daddy's to make me eat
this when I was younger this says about
what is it I'm not coming so this is the
small intestine oh my god you can open
it like this like this oh right now
meeting me huh I don't know what like it
tastes good but like when you know it's
like a stomach is like fear it's not a
factor for you with my fifty thousand
dollars let's go baby hi guys do me yeah
I'm about to show you guys the
basketball court it's finally made I'm
sorry you guys had to see the little
small intestine I was eating maybe you
guys were fasting and hungry and
watching me but I don't know if you guys
can be hungry looking at me eat a
frickin intestine man oh it's gross oh
my god but let me show you guys the
basketball robots right here don't ya
this is what we're gonna have our crazy
competitive games whoa it's so high man
I can't even reach it yeah
this thing is way too high they didn't
put a little lower yes I like it like
this yeah donkey let's go my dad's car
Abe's car and soon inshallah my car will
be right here because tomorrow I'm
taking my permit test and I'll be
letting you guys know if I passed or
failed I don't care if I fail I'm
sinking of like if I pass then it's
extra good I'm still gonna block it but
let's go show you guys Ali this is in
Saudi Arabia right now we don't know
what all about when is it I'm alone yeah
yeah tomorrow or the day after the after
all right so my dad is say the day after
no one knows I'm thinking is tomorrow I
don't know what is it all right so it
says it says 29 here so it might be
Thursday no one knows man so anyone
knows let me know that comes below today
is one of my favorite days every man
like I put out the video of I'll lead to
the world like his first time ever not
Madonna started tomorrow I was expected
to get 4 million subscribers on my
birthday and I was gonna tell you guys
you know the big surprise that I'm gonna
do for 4 million subscribers and I'm on
now I'm reaching it like a month early
which is like the first day but I'm
about this seriously you guys do not
know how thankful I am you guys oh my
god you guys do not know how hard I've
been working like the past years to
anyone who's been like riding with me
for like five six years even if it's
yesterday I love you guys so so much and
to the people who have been right on me
five years I love you even more for
sticking by my side
Oh 4 million subscribers let's go do me
gank we're getting bigger and stronger
yeah I don't understand like you guys
are seriously my family cool I'm out of
breath oh yeah I reached four million
subscribers about good mom man my Jesus
celebrated 4 million subscribers
followers meet a girl in a bar million
with Tiberian I mean he has no clue
subscribers
oh my god yo surcin you guys even got
the vlogger ready to for over 4,000
thumbs up in a matter of like 20 minutes
thank you guys so much
let's beat the record of doing a thumbs
up before Milly oh man you guys do not
understand how much of a milestone this
is for me 4 million subscribers plus my
main channel over 2 million subscribers
which is over 6 million subscribers is
oomiak 6 million they do meet gang
members seriously thank you guys so much
from the bottom of heart if you guys
have been watching me from today if you
guys haven't watching me from six years
ago since I started I appreciate every
single one of you guys you guys do not
understand how humble you guys make me
you guys don't understand how grateful
and how blessed you guys made me into
the person who I am today
someone tweeted me saying you should get
engaged for 4 million subscribers and
the funny thing is my mom was saying the
same thing because my mom knows about
like subscribers and stuff my dad he's a
bit older so he's like what subscribers
and I have to say in our big me he was
like good luck my G but my mom said the
same thing I'm gonna tell you guys right
now here is this is like legit no prank
no nothing like seriously this is face
to face when I reach 5 million
subscribers and oh my gang
I'm not joking I'm serious I'll be
getting engaged looking around yo y'all
I need to go to single Muslim calm man
what's up
not better see when I hit 5 million
subscribers it's gonna be about that
time
dang where I get my engaging start my
life like you guys should know by that
like when I started YouTube I was young
you're not like I'm literally like
giving a diary of my life and when I do
get married and I'm still gonna continue
to vlog and give you guys a show you
guys my son show you guys my daughter
and I'm I don't know who's my future
wife yet planning 5 million subscribers
it's gonna be my my engagement I don't
know I don't know how to I don't know
man imagine literally 1 million people
start subscribing in a matter of like a
month or two and I'm like what the hell
I don't know I'm expecting a few months
like a few a few months but let me know
what you guys think in the comments
below
other than that I'm mother go to Ali I'm
about to go to Rima bother go to Boston
celebrate with them and turn up with
them and see what god I'm so excited
thank you guys once again to all Mirada
dies who stuck by my side thank you guys
so much and to any new people thank you
guys once again welcome today adieu me
gang gang gang gang gang gang gang damn
season four might be started in early
May 5 ugly guys seriously look at the
bad luck that I get my phone is
completely broken
look it's been like this for like an
hour man I can't tweet I can't go on
Instagram I can't do nothing oh my god I
was just so so happy or 4 million
subscribers telling you guys about this
whole engagement thing and 5 million
subscribers now have to go to the store
and get a brand new one I'm gonna go
with my dad I'm probably gonna go with
the kids if they're here so come on with
me don't we yeah c'mon my dad got more
plants here again letting you hey Bubba
my phone is broken you're gonna take me
to go get a new one when the kids come
right yeah when the kids come we're
gonna go together also about since I
told you I reached 4 million subscribers
four million what's happening this is
what me my mom said when I reach 5
million subscribers
yeah they got to get more you know see
you gotta get more subscribers some
people have six teams okay so I'm trying
to get five so when I get five million
in what I mean I'm gonna get engaged
yeah do ya do me gang I'm heading to get
a brand new phone with me
you want to know me Baba silently his
background already who's that man me
maybe what's his name finally gonna get
a new phone they do not have the iPhone
X so I'm forced to get iPhone 8 plus but
I need to get a phone right now or else
I won't have any phone do me gang I
finally got my new phone right here they
had no life 1 X's so I'm forced to get
an iPhone 8 you shout out to my dad for
driving me around you guys look the sky
just turned to like looks like a tornado
is about to happen or something man look
he's got dark out of nowhere I'm about
to see the kids right now I have you
seen ribbon walks in because I left from
London
why bothering him what did she do what
did she do she did he hand like that
Rima everybody to come say sorry sorry
muster Boston you okay yeah you missed
me I miss me a lot am I your friend
where's Ally what's his name seasoning
no Ally do you love him what what what
do you many go what okay where do you
where you taking me Oh seeing guys yeah
holy Remo speaking to Ally
oh you wanna tell him he's so cute who
do you love more Wasson irani Reba said
it without apologies like Oh Ali better
boom looks like he loves you oh he's
getting mad oh he's crying he's crying
okay Oh give him the pacifier here good
job Reema Reema is gonna be a really
amazing sister oh he don't wanna be he's
bad already
we might I think
no no Reema don't do are you supposed to
do that
yeah I'm such a bad dad I don't know if
she's even allowed to do this so like
I'm listening to it cuz she's a girl
I think he likes it hi guys we're gonna
play the game try to make a Leever pink
the wine I'm so scared to even holding
me so small because small he is 20
minutes later and he still did a burp
I'm kind of small yeah so hard to make a
burp he moves so much do you know what
I'm saying yes I'm your uncle Adam
good face you looking at like what's
that you think you boob because you know
what the hell he's looking at you like
but like a cutie
what's up a lee hyolee salad yeah you
gotta sit down said
but why do you love him more cute what
about my son wasn't like you so was cute
enough both yo guys I think Ali's
pooping right now man seriously he's
just chilling and having a little pool
okay you're right seriously you just did
like a really big fart are you foreign
man I just got Yugi I love the way
babies smell they smell soap but it
smell so good
yes of harmless crazy how he's only like
seven eight days old
yo I'm telling you this dude is insane
this dude is a bad boy yeah do we get
I'm so tight man I'm trying to fix my
phone and it's been saying update like
the past three hours man I do not
understand what's going on but a do me
yank I'm gonna end the vlog here I
really hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
if you did make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey you do me
getting once again thank you guys so
much for 4 million subscribers I
appreciate it so much
Thank You Tara and we'll use a comment
thumbs up comments everywhere on
Instagram tweets me and literally just
shows a lot a lot of love maybe you got
so much I'll see you guys tomorrow do
not forget subscribe
take care peace
