do me a what's up we're with the homies
Edmond what up man my barakatuh
homie how you doing man chillin
we're heading to a place called I think
Worchester or like whatever place called
wolves ha
we're about to surprise a ride-or-die
but before we surprise her ah to die we
got a predicate ready so this is what
we're gonna do our mom we're gonna call
I believe his father and then NAS he's
gonna speak um on behalf and tell him
what are you gonna tell him that you're
not turning up can I speak to that can I
speak to the kid hi how's it going
um I can only apologise basically what
it is Adams had he's had a little issues
and we just got quickly shoot back he's
got to get to New York he's trying to
get there tonight at some point but the
earliest flight isn't about an hour so
we're not gonna have time to make it
there okay I'm so sorry it's just he's
just like shoot but we we was really
close but we just got stuck in traffic
as well so we're gonna we're gonna shoot
back now but maybe after Ramadan we can
probably do it yeah guys you seen
they're humans
I'm either
guys won we won what's this Erica what I
was saying more custard hi how you guys
doing you guys doing good
I'm chillin see the man right power
demand each other doing good how do you
not do 18 why I'm actually so young man
hi guys this is not his father they
moved to Dubai and I was telling that's
to be soon made devised one of the
places I think it's the best place to
live but we're playing I'm uh well
soccer they call football as you guys
seen in my blog a few days ago I didn't
really know how to do it 10 times try it
I one two three four five six do ten
seven eight Wow nine ten how you do that
13 foot what was that what going on it
hi guys future vlogger here by the way
not that so once your hand and
everything gets settled would you be an
AP t not Knapton you guys will see it in
the link down below we're gonna give you
the link so you guys know what the
bottom I love your accent sounds nice
like like you do you hear me do I have
an accent or no he's okay
hey one one hi guys they got us cook
food man cooked food a 30 minute thank
you for every two minutes who would
write their Mori saying you said if I
didn't show up I would have
no one would have even so much what a
meter maid am its own back eat the whole
thing
we had the hallways ready to let's just
set out a sauce in this carry on without
okay so we go to a place called star
city it's in Walsall to it yeah I'll
Berman what is it like what is like an
amusement park what a nice alright 100
pound bet what you gotta do basically
will be you yeah missile yeah that you
wanna join
well the most yeah Pikachu actor you
know he's going to go 200 he beat me
ready yes sir 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
13 14 15
67 I think we got a winner here the
Moroccan is in him the Moroccan is in
him
let's go vomits a lot how much was that
26 carne go 8 1 2 3 4 4 guys give it up
dad there you go
this is for moral code oh my geez that
congratulations though you earned the
vote so I just took over Aaron's camera
I didn't you pranked me so well today so
well done for that but when you come to
Dubai I'm gonna prank you so bad you can
remember the rest of your life so just
just man stay tuned for that man
everyone just subscribe to his channel
right now it's gonna see the the prank
the prank wall just begun between me and
Adam oh my god there you go
Matt domes a PR thumbs up yard we are
here with Matt who plays for war my war
thought he plays professional football
which is so you can see enemies that
athletic this is him right wasa hey wow
wow mashallah
hey yo he's doing it dude is good huh
yes I am you - I'm good luck hey I'm -
look guys look at this hurricane
Lamborghini this is dope got it right
there knocked out like that look this
was GTR I've never been in a GTR so
that's about to change
please do it put all my Seba look at the
engine in this man Wow each one is
custom made each engine no way Wow never
no there's no two identical GTR engine
I've never been in a GTR I've been in a
Lamborghini Ferrari guys look this is
how you open the door hello
how did me know how to open it Oh like
this you like that then boom go inside
GTR
and oh well digger's come yeah this is
much more comfortable delivering their
ring any solo so like I feel like I'm
sucked in and I'm already short so
Oh
GTI wins let me know if DTR the Lambo
race
GGO woof dog farm animal
what are you for a Lamborghini and the
North seeds that has come here
what do you guys think living under
comments below
Chinatown
the cars talking to each other man that
was
down the left
goodbye Mary
although
Stassi hi guys you just got to start
spitting we are gonna do a little
bowling we're gonna have some fun
scarce on space I'm in his book here in
UK man where you were so let's do it
they say I will go everyone's gonna go
to us
last one
not a good
I mean after we took this all good man
he's handicapped the person who took the
wind is heavy if he congratulations man
hi guys we had a crazy amazing day one
of you huge shout out to not there guys
help him reach 10k subs man do a free
the whole of Bhoomi gang go to the man
napped again go subscribe to him the
link is down below and I'm all yeah
let's get him to 10,000 ghetto videos
together dedicated and passionate about
he does that's why I love bomb he's
gonna give really good you know a good
copy really good guess I points 1finity
so we're gonna put him down to infinity
more wintry heads house watch I speak of
money a new beginning I've been having
an amazing amazing time huge shout out
to NAFTA and his whole family thank you
guys so so much I really hope I see you
guys soon either New York City or Dubai
but right now we're in Leicester we're
about to enter the wind Finity office do
me gang is about to be officially open
in a few days I can't believe like this
is like oh my god what Finity I don't
freaking office man let's go in there
and let's see how it goes
infinity headquarters baby what's up
let's go guys I wanna give huge shout
out to mental and laughing minute
thought you guys about them this would
have never ever had a man seriously
level do me game you guys but you guys
what I've never done without you this
both side I want to see it
which ways it took me to the bathroom
bye guys so this is the waiting area I'm
about to go inside the office ready Wow
let's start over here doing a we got a
TV over here I just pulled my laptop
right there we got a little couch you
guys already know over here we got the
man Sadie Sadie was so we are then over
here there's a desk
laptop here another desk over here you
guys got me what's up how do I do it
chapter two over there we've got muddy
kicks without money cakes what's up we
got slimmies living building we got OC -
what up man we got mugs what's up yo
this is sick man seriously little plants
and everything yo a kitchen this is yo
this is sacred
they got snacks they got food you got yo
yo
yo they got lower like noodles and stuff
guys look they got the cake
congratulations when infinity more wins
yo with the balloons right yo seriously
just a few months ago we started 1finity
and now like go like this look we're
this is our office man this is seriously
just the beginning and do me yank I
cannot wait there's more to come
stay tuned them all whatever what are
the plans 2018 2019 2020 influences
people mo merch merch right there to
anyone who's getting merged the link is
down below the merch is now out I'm
about to put it on we got these do me
gang guys I'm not joking but this is the
best mixture the best emerge that I've
ever ever put out this is I'm a pink a
little like camo pink with a black
hoodie we got these ones it do me gang
this is personally one of my favorites
also these ones all of them are like
really really good this is like you know
like a do me gang right to another
hoodie these ones are really really good
I really enjoyed these white with pink
do me gang I'm gonna put it on and we
also got these you do you and i'ma do me
Hey and over here we got the pants the
trousers whatever you guys want to call
it I'm about to put it on about the
rocket let's do it drink I love you but
I'm so so sorry
but ovo got to go it's all about for the
first time ever this is my person I
remember officially doing like you know
like focusing on merch this is limited
edition only 100 of each item the only
reason why I'm doing that because I want
to keep it exclusive I want to keep it a
limited edition because I'm gonna come
up with more designs on a regular but
let's put on this one put on this white
one with the pink letters where says do
me gang Wow oh my god this is just the
way I like it guys look at this hey do
we can cake oh do me cake the best merch
in the game Loki Paul
screw you Merc Jake Paul screw you merge
to bro it's all about like do me gang
merch my first merch efforts to make
sure you guys go get your Mirchi the
link is in the description I promise you
guys it'll probably sell out within a
few hours I know the power of a do me
game and this is your only chance to get
these kinds of merch for these designs
the only 100 people will have each item
I also really love this one you
do you and i'ma do me let's put on the
hoodie wall up not even joking this is
the best material merch that I've ever
had man I'm so so happy being through
infinity office is almost done they're
putting the 1finity logo right now it do
me again
I told you I'm in and so all the haters
I told you I'm playing we taking this to
the next level man I'm a Bubba this is
all for you I love you guys so much I
hope you guys are happy for me I know
you guys are but thank you guys all the
support and be by my side to my family
to all my rotted eyes I appreciate all
your dedication seriously you guys are
my family
once the 1finity Lord always done I'm
gonna show you guys everything I believe
they're bringing the cake and balloons
it's okay celebrate what finiti being
but if any of you infinity knows there
are more wigs and a lot more to come
because we have a whole team get your
merch look at this golden golden baby
goes into you do you and now I'm gonna
do me and do me a sweater so we got this
get you know I love you guys guys I
can't believe it will pretty much 99%
done you know what it's pretty much done
man
now's easy with official do again
congratulations to infinity thank you
guys so much to every single person out
there who this would have never ever
happened if it wasn't for you guys I
appreciate every single one you guys I
promise you guys this is just I feel
like Tyrion man this is just the
beginning like I know I'm only 24 but
this is just this is seriously just the
beginning I always want to work hard in
my life and I always want other people
to achieve what they want to do and what
infinity that's what they do man moments
for your hats off so much I speak um
