yo you okay are you good to me gang
what's up I'm feeling great today I'm in
London it's beautiful beautiful weather
look at this beautiful gorgeous gorgeous
view I started off my day by getting a
cut cuz you guys already know getting a
haircut is the key to success like what
DJ college said I am in the balcony
right now look at this man look I'm
walking by the way I want to make a
quick prayer to the homie Vikas he's one
of my close close friends he is having
surgery today on his knee which is
really really bad to have a surgery on
your knee she'll let you get through
your surgery with ease and you come back
even stronger
love you bro I haven't even introduced
knots for you guys let's go get guys
we're here with the homie Naz easy and
the homie Billy Billy man say what up
man how's it going no good okay now's
easy getting his cut you already know
what I'm saying nothing you just got a
cut like yesterday so why would you get
another cut Stu's crazy man how many
cuts does he get from you a week what
the hell bro you know it's like it
that's addiction that's an addiction yes
it is yeah how many times once a week
yo guys I'm dying talking about what
cost he just texted me right now and
this is what he said I'm so confused me
and he said I go periscope I'm high st I
don't know I literally woke up and a 2k
a what the hell is he said I don't know
if he's having surgery before after my
feel so bad right now I'm still much to
him i'ma text him saying oh my God we're
in Mars I see what he says yeah he
texted back saying yo what the f did the
work change time I'm gonna reply back
saying where do you live I'm gonna just
see if he knows like where do you live
they live in Jupiter Pluto I don't know
yeah yeah he replies saying what the f
stop please I bet I bet ya beg you you
wonder I feel bad I Mustafa I feel bad
Vikas keep watching us I'm sorry I love
you guys Mikasa just FaceTime you right
now it's I'm calling him back yo yo you
okay are you good how old are you
huh yo did you do the surgery or no like
what's going on
you good I love you too yo do you know
that we're in Mars right now know what
one Mars I think you're in Jupiter I'm
joking with us huh yes hi bro Hughes
please ask me does because you T for
pulling out look your teeth not touch
your teeth going well you don't remember
nothing well gosh
Anubis do me yank first of all I would
like to apologize that I'm not uploading
the undercover fan account today I'm
supposed to be making that video and
uploading it right now today something
crazy happened with my best friend now
I'm gonna save that video till tomorrow
do me a
I'm so so sorry I know you guys were
expecting it today so much stuff went on
and I need it to be there for Sloane I
feel like this is a bigger issue with
what went on with slim I will let you
guys know everything right now how's you
guys know I was chilling I was on the
phone with what cos I was making sure
he's good we're having a fun time he's
good now at handle I mean I don't know
where slim gives me a call he lets me
know that there is these Arab kids we'll
keep going around being pervs being
pedos to his loved ones I don't really
want to give much information with
everything about that because between
him and his family but this is a big
issue because some of my family members
some of my nieces who are even on camera
they go to Islamic school they go to a
school named el Medina school a school
that I used to go for just one year in
al-madinah school if you're watching
this anyone on with you to school listen
up homie and to any other Islamic
schools that have those fake wannabe
Arab bug who go around creeping on
little girls Waze I told you guys even
some of my nieces go to schools like
that and they're surrounded by these you
know our pervs which kind of sucks that
they're your own kind
these guys they're always around 20 21
they come out with their lame ass cars
blasting music in front of the school
and then when they see the little girls
going home this is what they do they
follow them a harassed them they'd be
back them they stalk them they make them
feel really uncomfortable and it's
really really scary especially if
happened to my loved one too but with
Slade he was telling me that was going
on for a while and some dudes like that
we're literally following his loved one
and harassing her but obviously if you
find out someone is harassing stalking
your loved ones and they're right there
and you see them what's the first thing
you're gonna do I mean yes you can call
the cops but you know how cops are these
days they don't care they'll pick up the
phone call say yes yes yes blah blah
blah and they don't care so slim ended
up defending his loved one he didn't do
nothing bad he didn't use no freaking
guns no knives no nothing bad and now
slim is locked up he is arrested now for
defending his loved one from a freakin
perv from a freaking pedal and this pedo
this perv is still out there man and I
know you're probably watching this
because I know you know slim what you
did was disgusting and now the fact that
you're pressing charges are slim and
he's getting a punishment for defending
his loved one imagine what him and his
family are going through because of what
you did and if you ever still go
doing that just know you're gonna run
into the wrong person and it won't be
good you guys don't understand how mad I
am right now the reason why I'm mad is
because my best friend man he's he's
freaking like behind bars
I understand everything and I'm always
so fair if my best friend did something
wrong I would say if I did something
wrong
slim would tell me I did something wrong
what slim did I promise you guys he did
not do anything wrong slim has pictures
of this kid slim got videos of this kid
harassing his loved one I don't have
access to any of these pictures or
videos by slim does and I'm pretty sure
kid to the perv was probably watching
this I think it'll be best for you to
take off the charges on slim inshallah
inshallah inshallah when slim is out I
already spoke to our lawyer he's one of
the best lawyers in New York City he's
gonna help slim get out real real soon
and I'm gonna make sure the lawyer helps
slim out to find you to the perv and
press charges on you because we do have
evidence of you harassing the loved one
and the shallow one slim is out he will
let you guys know every little detail I
don't want to give every little detail
because I don't know what information he
wants out there but just know my best
friend he didn't do anything wrong and
I'm telling you guys just from the
bottom my heart slim he is one of the
funniest one of the bestest best friends
I've ever had for the past six years
seriously I got his back no matter what
even if he does something wrong I'll go
to him and I'll tell him you know be
good we always make each other better
better people with this situation like
you freaking kidding me
y'all gonna lock up a person who
defended a freaking pedo and keep the
pedo on the freakin are you serious this
pedal probably still gonna be out in
al-madinah school trying to flirt with
little girls and so any girls out there
if you're ever getting harassed let me
be more specific - any Arab girls out
there if you're ever getting harassed by
those Arab corny guys make sure you guys
speak up call the cops do something you
guys are humans - and you guys don't
deserve that but anyway he's into me
yeah I will keep you guys updated with
everything he is still in right now it's
literally the morning of the next day
and he's still in but inshallah
inshallah
Ramadan is coming and I read the whole
piece out because slim does not deserve
the slim I love you so much really hope
you get to be out free with your family
hanging out because your family
seriously is like my family like my
family loves them so much your dad is so
nice your mom is so nice and they don't
they don't really deserve that man but I
promise you guys we will get to the end
of this and Sharla everything works out
keep you guys updated with everything
I'm sorry once again I couldn't upload
my undercover Fanta count video I
appreciate all you lovers support thank
you guys so much I'll see you guys
tomorrow thank you
a Madonna belly
