in Dumaguete we're starting off the day
by going to get a trampoline for the
kids for the family and the reason why
I'm getting a trampoline because it
involves the intro that I'm doing real
soon for season 3 I got moss and 8 kicks
and Rima inside here say what up
hey hey Deb Deb Deb that one about what
chapter 2 chapter 2 if you guys want to
see me outside make sure you guys get
your tickets right here it's about to be
a crazy wanna do me good because I'm
going to London tonight and we got two
homey ape cakes was goodie bro I don't
know way the vlog is not gonna be out
till May 15
no way yeah heard the big news the baby
is now here what are you my friend huh
hi guys about to get trampolines right
now excuse me do you have a trampoline
guys we also have Jenna right here
what's up
she's gonna help us choose out a
trampoline because she has one to my
family they always go to her house and
just jump on a trampoline hook we're
gonna get one from my house and I'm
doing my intro so it's gonna be trying
to make it unique and different to say
make it like the friends theme song like
this
I'm gonna make it somewhere like that
but a little bit different and you
turning up in Walmart guys you will not
believe this man I don't even know if
this is even allowed of Walmart but they
sell guns here BB guns like those one
hurt right yeah Donald Trump do you know
that it's freaking these nerf guns and
stuff like that yeah hello you're joking
do they really sell movie guns or no
they do you seriously align series you
lying what is it what is these are nerf
guns yeah
what was the BB guns you're joking are
you serious I'm gonna get one to shoot
happens right in his stomach
what your these are the jogando they got
like ak-47 yo yo look the legit
what a star what the heck these like are
like hurt though right yeah they also
these are like half actual guns too what
good is this even allowed I had a
question you do you own a BB gun no oh
I'm not to say man but nicely they got a
semi-automatic this is just what this is
just BB guns what's the point BB guns I
don't really get what the hell it's all
good man
let's go to the trampoline thanks in the
head but no way gaze 14 feet trampoline
you're so like how we supposed to get
this man
yo how this is even possible man shared
-3 but do I know anything about what
baseball
yeah that's why they say they call - Lee
yeah so you get this one of the best
baseballs
these are like you know they're made all
the way Zimbabwe like so the material
over here it's kind of like wooden so
it's a good work so - 3 - 3 means like
like when you hit the ball really hard
it goes -3 degrees then this back is
gonna turn to lights in the temperature
huh
it's going to be here somewhere - Lee
yeah - Teresa when you hit the ball so
when you go like this let me tell you
something you know you know the the
baseball they're here to help no do me
out here man
no do me larae 3 was low rate be fine
the house got a valet mean all these men
even know what you're doing wrong you
got it how it it's been a mission bro
trying to get this thing are you got a
we are we are one eternity later oh gosh
we got the trampoline here now it took
so much hard work we transformed it from
Walmart to here guys I've been having a
long long day tonight I'm leaving to
London we're gonna miss me yes are you
my friend really deep down inside we
love each other man it's just that he's
just a boy he's just a crazy little boy
and I'm about to make him a crazy little
boy right now I'm gonna do a prank on
Rima guys muffin is about to pull a
prank on Rima so we have fake snakes
your whole search
we have these fake snakes they're
playing in the trampoline me and Lawson
we're gonna put each of these fake
snakes holders inside the trampoline
without them knowing and then we're
gonna scream out snake snake you guys
don't know Remes biggest fear are snakes
and like bugs I think there was an old
vlog well Rima so scared of snakes look
scary mine see in a sneaky way say we're
gonna catch you thank you
they're playing behind there so we're
gonna get them you ready then hide the
snakes in my pocket and we're gonna put
it okay don't seem okay yo I'm so
surprised Massa noses mustard was your
birthday December or September September
or December
no it's September no September oh no
September September your person must hug
him on the label hold the hi honey yeah
what's up man how's it going guys you
were late for school
wow that's crazy
well she did
wait am I going
Rema buddy scared of what step okay what
what Rema Rema wait oh you come back his
gun is no more some oh I can't do what's
right what yo you guys are such bugs
means there's saravana scary mo but you
guys were just you I was just there but
I'm out you said you can drink water in
one second yeah no say it like one
second
you're joking any serious because I want
you to like trying something dangerous
are you sure alright go wow sounds
pretty fast that wasn't one second but
that was pretty like sounds like two or
three seconds Wow yeah yeah a new
beginning I am back home this is my last
few moments until I go to London and
have my crazy five to six de journee I
forgot to show you guys a clip this is a
clip a preview of my office mile
infinity office you guys are about to
see that I'm going to in London actually
I'm going to London but the office is in
Leicester so it's all my last sir my
London and we're going to another place
called war see war so I don't know
something like that without man what's
up I'm coming to see you guys for the
next five days and I'm gonna take you
guys with me so I can't I can't I wait
but this is the preview of it when I was
facetiming oz this is a preview of the
office so that's it now so show up too
much not too much nice as that fade hey
is this a does that Mitsu I see him I
see a money kicks huh you want to see
what I'm doing look this is my office in
London I'm going to it today I mean
tonight yeah yeah that's my office here
yeah yeah do you like it yeah that's my
friend slim is he cute thank you
my son of course pussy to be Sun we see
super beer son
anyways do me I really hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog sure see you guys do
not know how happy I've been finally
getting my Oh infinity office and
headquarters ready to do me gay and also
the start of season 3 for Adam South of
logs coming soon and many more main
channel videos coming soon but without
vlogs coming soon with the homie was
upstairs right now the new member of the
Adams family
you guys will see him when we're back
but for now this channel is have a fun
time let me get to chill with you guys I
do miss the UK then after that I'm back
to New York City for what I'm alive
ending the vlog here I love you guys so
much do not forget to subscribe we're so
close to 4 million subscribers that
dooming game only like 20,000
subscribers away so do not forget to
subscribe and always leave a thumbs up
thumbs up if you always leave a thumbs
up w do be a see you guys tomorrow take
care or a pitch London
Amen I love Ellie
