I know it's been so long to do me gang
that I've been telling you guys I'm
gonna get my license but today's a day
I'm gonna start the process to get my
license and in New York in America I
believe you need to get your permit
first I used to have my permit but then
it expired so I have to take the test
again so I'm heading to the DMV right
now I have no clue what the questions
are gonna be about I don't know nothing
about cars and nothing bad but I'm gonna
be studying while I'm there so I'm gonna
head there and I'll see you guys in the
next shot I'm just studying right now so
give me one eternity later do me yanks
why I just got back from the DMV I have
to go back tomorrow to take my permit
test because I did not have my social
security card but in a way I guess it's
good because I can study
I have overnight to study I don't know I
was worried if I would fail me now we'll
keep you guys updated if I do fail or
pass but I remember the last time I got
a really good score in my past that was
like five six years ago so I'm gonna go
back there tomorrow to get my permit and
that's when I start the process to get
my license and do me again and then I'll
get my car right after my dad and the
kids are upstairs I'm gonna go out my
dad why not to buy him an iPad a new
iPad and probably a camera a video
camera yes it do me yeah he wants a
freaking camera I don't know what he
wants to do maybe start vlogging or
making his personal vlog I'm gonna go
with him right not to buy him a new iPad
and then later on today do me again
where you gonna prank Baba Salah you
ready to do a prank on him later today
yes I'm gonna put tattoos all over you
it'll come off this day forever
what the only stay for like 10 years
joking I'm joking they come off after
you watch the room is it tattoos I'm not
gonna put on Rima or Mawson or maybe
both but let me go get my dad I've had
enough that I'll see you guys doing yeah
do me Yanks we just got back from Best
Buy I needed to get a memory card my
memory card didn't work so I could've
live when I was there but I got my dad
the newest time iPad what is the iPad
pro let me see how big is it
my dad is so so happy this is the calm
before the storm
later on he doesn't know what I'm saying
but it's the kid it's the calm before
the storm so imma let see it right here
how's it look show them right look how
big is it wow it's like a TV and you
press like that and then my dad got it
in Arabic what is that what does I say
what time is it
26:22 a my gmail but yes I'm gonna go
take care master right now papa thank
you I'll see you my G anytime man don't
think I'm your son man don't thank me
thank you so we have some big big news
Mawson has a real nanny now like an
official name you guys will meet here in
season 3 of the vlogs of doom again and
he has a temporary nanny only for a few
weeks because of the new baby who I
still don't know what his name is I can
call him Brooklyn for now I called him
Zayn for now I could call him Adam I can
call him whatever no so my mom she's
having surgery in her fingers because if
you guys do not know mama has brought
the rightest and she literally cannot
move her hand at all that's why I'm
Austin has a temporary nanny since the
baby's here there's like so much stuff
going on but seriously this nanny did
not expect what she was coming for
Marcin took a shower and after she was
changing him up guys I'm not even joking
literally wiggled his private part like
this and ran outside that's what she
told us she was freaked out she was like
what the heck seriously she's so so cool
I love her so much me and her ended up
chasing him and catch it I mean he was
mad at me screaming to stuff my whole
memory card it was messed up and I just
got a new one so it's fixed right now
this is a picture of him right after man
look at him this do it as well he's too
much of a Savage
anyways I'm about to go play basketball
right now with Hamza and I'm only doing
that because he needs a workout such a
job and then after that be ready he put
a prank I'm doing on Bob solid right now
how is that just challenged if you want
on one to win a pair of my easy so I'm
gonna do this you ready
game is 11 you already have 10 points
 yes wrong headphones okay I'm with
it all you need is one point one bucket
that's it one shot and I need 11 points
okay and the reason I'm doing this is
because hums up so you can have a
workout man you know I'm saying stop
taking off your shirt the next time you
take off your shirt you're gonna have
abs are calm
that summer body look how I have it
right now but a little bit better
I cannot believe it I cannot believe it
I should've never gave in ten points now
I have to give one of my easy I'm a man
of my words that's the only reason why
I'm doing it he got so I hit the boss
swear to God I hit the ball he shot I
tapped it man a blood no BS man I cannot
believe it I had nine points all I
needed was two more yeah I'm like four
to five chances I'm still gonna go play
the easy
I'm gonna give it away yeah who are you
gonna give it away someone that fabulous
Grandmaster babe your boy Hamza why oh
you are Bo I H am Zhi to give promo boy
I'm gonna give it away
once I had 150,000 follow my guys we're
heading home handsome if you make it
last to my crib you're not getting these
right I'm gonna give you I'm gonna give
you a five-second head start
five five seconds ten seconds ten
seconds go go tank no hey seven six five
I'm coming I'm not really coming I'm
just letting work out me I'm still gonna
give him the easies hi guys we're back
home I just took a shower
we had an amazing amazing workout Hamza
choose your easy that you want which
ones do you want you barely read them
you haven't destroyed it yeah so good
what you talking about
I'm the man enjoy the easy the good way
I love how how to use this to do promo
man you crazy very seriously you got a
pic outside the box why why even putting
it on aren't you giving you well what
the hell what you talking about
I sign in the sneakers you stealing from
me he's a genius robot they get the
Prague started so a do me yang if you
guys have it and if you guys want to be
updated and notified especially for
season 3 do not forget to subscribe to
my channel have two channel I might like
to have three channels on a saw a plenty
more on my main channel I also have a
fashion channel that I might be coming
back real soon let me go get my scenery
my need to sneak them down here so we
can get the prank yeah do me
monkey come come on come on eat so so so
I mean this kid is so bad this is what
nany gotta do it push look what he's
doing
muffin today I'm gonna pull a prank I'm
gonna do okay
and Baba okay we're gonna put fake
tattoos on you guys okay do you
understand my dude is torquing man god I
got so if you guys do not know I did a
prank a few months ago on my dad the
tattoo pray and this time we're gonna do
it on the kids my dad is so old-school
oh he's so gullible so I told him that
kids have real tattoos it would legit
believe it I'm telling that's the new
style in 2018 they invented tattoos on
kids you guys ready who's gonna be first
guys look at the tats we got right here
ladies these are dope man look holy look
at this one I really hope this goes
right come on open up the tattoos he's
washed away but he looks so so real like
I don't understand how real this looks
either sighs your arm from here here
okay don't move okay
oh my god Wow Hillary doesn't give you
pet Wow
we're gonna go wow so much chill chill
guys we're almost done keep your neck
you like it yeah Wow look keep your neck
up look guys I think they're officially
done and ready to go
must it only needs to share it will
happen dream on you're ready savage Rima
you're the Hulk did he hear the Hulk
Thor
alright guys we made an escape to
moccasin and Remes room first person
we're gonna go up to is their dad Abe
kick we're gonna see what he says about
them and then after I was gonna be my
dad yo seriously you guys look fresh to
death you guys ready let's do it come yo
what are you guys doing what that you
doing yes hallo
yo Abe come yeah I got to show you
something come I got I got a choice on
the first um your kids they um they get
something happen with them no they're
not in the room pop it up and see what
the kids playing with you stuff I didn't
do it thank you he knows I didn't do it
stop Muslim bosses stop
what no bus stop buses no no hitting
stop mother I could take it but that
takes lick where you taking him what
Marcin you're gonna get flushed down the
toilet do me gang that was hilarious
thumbs ups you guys want me to do a
video of me putting tattoos in my face
and have lo do become out in public let
me know what do began by giving this
vlog a huge giant thumbs up thank you
guys for your love and support I'm
ending the vlog here so you got some
more take care and peace I love
