what's up adieu me gang I'm still here
in Toronto Canada I am NOT saying my
intro because I quit saying my intro do
me gang until season 3 of Adam's olive
lags which is the first day of Ramadan
so do me a that's the big announcement
the first day of Ramadan is season 3 of
Adam Safi flogs and you guys are
probably wondering what the heck is
season 3 of Adam South blogs what season
1 and what season 2 so I'm gonna tell
you guys right now
ever since I started YouTube I started
YouTube with Rima so I feel like Rima
and I was like season 1 of YouTube like
Adam South vlog season 1 and then season
2 was me and Watson and Rima us three
was season two and now first day of
Ramadan is do me gang I'm proud to
announce inshallah that the baby comes
out healthy there is a new member of the
Adams family and now you guys know when
it's exactly gonna come it's season 3 we
do not know his name yet no one knows
his name yet it's gonna be so different
like a new member to the world to the
YouTube world I'm also gonna have a new
intro the first day of Ramadan so do me
yang I don't want to say my intro
anymore they'll hope you all have an
amazing the I think is done that's it I
don't want to say it anymore it gets too
long it's too extra I'm sorry to anyone
who loved it so much but I just want to
get straight to the point in the
beginning of the vlogs but I will have
my official new intro of Adam south
blocks so let's get the vlog and they
started do me yank guys I'm here with my
cousins right there I mean they keep I
mean yeah slim is like my fourth cousin
but stone Hakeem is like my cousin to
y'all my family you know I'm saying
still in the city of funny we still out
in six six six six we're actually going
to the Drake ovo store none of us have
weren't there it's like the only over
stores you been there without me
it's nice hey scooters babe I'm gonna
make that doing some got me mad I'm
gonna let the ain't go on instant hurts
your own mother DC has fight guys look
at this
oh my god
and guys like oh my god do that oh my
god honey my place she's gonna fight you
slim I'm put on slim don't harm me why
would you go through over your Soviets
chilidog isn't it beautiful
what if it bites me is beautiful man
yeah this is a hard-working ant bro huh
this is this one of us is how God looks
at us I know it's crazy it's deep wait
you're beautiful oh yeah I want to keep
this as a pet one look I'm scared with
bites in your one right later sure I'm
gonna miss my n so much we're gonna go
to the drink oh so I see you guys the
next section hi guys we've been looking
for like 30 minutes we couldn't find the
Drake store but now we finally found it
was super low key to find right there
look boom are you dating right I'm gonna
see it when I did it anyway so yeah yeah
alright hey guys
Wow look how it looks from the back they
got the owl out there small but looks
dope man you're like these ones here man
this one is nice especially for the
summertime these would be good how it
looks Randy look what else they got they
got the shoes October's very own they
got lighters they got even ash trees man
like yeah this is dope it's crazy that
just might drink wearing this pose and
they're so popular I know I
so true that's cuz drink where's it man
Madam's are just coming out man she
better cut them it's coming soon may
13th and I'm City bomber there's gonna
be some dodo birds together love me over
your hats here this is tho hi guys we
just left the Drake over your store I
copped some stuff you guys will see me
rocking it in NYC and you guys be slow
feel rocketed in NYC it was a great
great store it's just crazy how like
it's so big because Drake wears it right
yeah that's well man I don't drink as a
legend you have orders underneath
everything bro right right right
do me gang I'm back here in the hotel
alone I got my ovo sweater on you ready
no Ovey Ovey yo I love it this merch is
so sold open if you guys don't know my
official Adam solid merch is gonna be
out real soon I believe around May 13th
so keep that locked in your calendars
and do me gang I'm about to pull the
craziest prank on slim in the key and
it's gonna be really really awkward
right now they went outside to go eat I
told him I don't want to go eat I want
to come up here and pack and get
everything ready because we're leaving
to New York City but what they don't
know is that when they come they're
gonna catch me watching adult rated are
kind of stuff but this is gonna be
really really awkward to do YC I'm ed
then why'd you do this video you Chad
it's a hammer than hua ji I seen you
guys having a little drama so I really
hope you guys solve it and hug each
other because you guys are brothers and
you guys are my brothers band do me game
before they come I need to make my weird
noises on my phone so I can connect it
to my laptop so when they come in and
hear the noises they're gonna be like
what the heck seriously you guys do not
understand my heart is beating so fast
doing this because that's just so
awkward I would have done this prank on
my mom or dad but the prank wouldn't
even last I would just get whooped right
away so I think it'll be funnier if I do
it on them it's gonna be super super
awkward so let's see how we go oh yeah
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah you're
the best you're the best oh my god I
love you oh my god
was it
it was so awkward oh my I'm done with
this I'm done this was crazy than the
whole prank I'm about to do it do me
gang I'm about to put the voice inside
my laptop fixed it up sit down they're
gonna be coming in a few so do me imma
see you guys the next shot thumbs up
thumbs up let's see if we can get 30,000
thumbs up let's do it - yeah we can do
it yes we can edit the voices and
everything so I'm going to bed
I was even doing that bullshit right
there watching a video I'm talking I'm
contented the lotion I told you I came
to at all
I can't I don't know whether we can let
that for right now so what you think
school is natural wasn't me doing
nothing at all some neighbors next door
some I wasn't watching what you think of
what you think up watch what you think
out watching huh what you think I was
watching I was watching nothing I was
just children editing literally then you
got scared to be coming in yeah you need
a hearing broke yeah shit obviously
please get off my bed I was on I wasn't
doing anything seriously why that's
think along what I didn't get caught at
least it's not losing your mom girl you
know
Lydia Cordova it had nothing I wanna see
what are you watching nothing I did is
that what you think I'm joking I did a
prank on you I was other bring on you
guys how does it pray or what
I wasn't I wasn't it was nothing my
lifetime will be playing
it was my voice look
naturally got these plugs over here I
think that was a good like you know that
wasn't like you know something scares
you guys another it was it was a good
what's an amazing prank what my favorite
paying separate I don't know what kind
of make you guys give it a thumbs up and
don't Turkey if you guys know the vibe
me she has subscribe because I'm almost
at poor millet do me a as I told you
guys
season three of Adam Sandler's coming
the first day of Ramadan so stay tuned
in to me gang to everyone in Australia
Malaysia Singapore UK and don't need
your Sydney Melbourne make sure you guys
get your tickets I'm going on tour real
soon do me and I will see you guys
tomorrow
wouldn't the found
whoa
