hey guys what's up with do me gang I
hope you were having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day do me
gang my voice is freakin gone man this
always happens when I'm in Toronto with
freaking mikheev noise Harris and slim
like my voice like we have too much fun
and like it's like oh man I wish my
voice I'm at today because I don't have
my voice that's why I'm freaking mad but
we're on our way to Niagara Falls we're
about to have a fun crazy amazing time
I'm on the key I know I'm a you've only
seen it in a Google image it's an
amazing view like really really amazing
views I better be worth it promise you
the pictures on Google are amazing too
we're on this car journey ride I got my
blanket out here this I'm just tired
just laying down like trying to get my
voice back and we're just jam it so I'm
using stuff like that Harris he's always
the DJ in the car
guys I remember two years ago Oh
two years later man every single year
we're always gonna make memories man I
promise you guys everyone is watching
every single year we're gonna have some
amazing memories Anderson live that
what's up man how's it going man I said
we're gonna enjoy life man I do mom
don't go away from can draw from their
American Toronto no wait I'll say he
does then without man how's it going I
got swag though they gave up man
appreciate of it oh gee nice to meet you
Toronto sling and that first one low we
don't both you guys have the Queen or
stuff like that my wife you have a
wallet or no have a penis nothing yeah
well that's sweaty all night honey
they have cooled the Queen on the money
to say Walla Walla no way you guys are
about to see the most amazing the most
beautiful home like I don't even
understand how to explain this view but
it's just a beautiful view you guys
about to see right now
there's a guy who takes a picture in the
corner of like Oh beautiful
I love it too much with guys this
rainbow is how staining like it's the
jewel right in my face
I'm trying to see if I can even touch it
like Portugal Portuguese I don't know
I'm not a sequential over nose over nose
Portuguese leave in the comments below
and I'm saying you know what she is
thank you thank you are we got a
beautiful rainbow now boo beautiful no
seriously this week in rainbow gorgeous
happen that's it do I take good pictures
beautiful gorgeous you go down closely
you can see that there's people there
and it's kind of scary because oh my God
look what if like the water takes them
mrs. scary
look down man what you do it these guys
already 15 years so you can come in 15
years and you've never ever seen someone
going numbers the original it moves
writer it makes you smell mint it makes
me smile even though I got yelled that
it makes like the fact that I made him
smile it makes me feel better
hi guys we just walked a bit and this
side it's the New York side that's
America and we're in Canada yeah little
bit Harris in America man Allstate it is
free let him free babe we say this in
every vlog
yo treat free meat but it's done the
survivors man so we got my amazing
memories in New York yo yo oh my god
what the heck you're the are they good
or what huh
I remember last time we came here we
never did that because it was closed
something like that
are you dying to do it let's go sleep
it's like over there first one down
let's go see we're getting a bit closer
that's right there I know it the strings
don't look too thick man so gonna be
really scary it goes fast right over the
waterfall look this is your view of
everything when you're ziplining this is
crazy
Wow look at that Wow Wow
so we've seen people do it and it
doesn't look that bad like it looks like
looks like it's nothing but the more
higher we get scary it keeps getting the
way to go professional ideas let's do it
we can do it closed this is deja vu this
close again
it's not meant to be you know why area
yeah this is legit deja vu man it's only
five o'clock 5:00 p.m. and they already
closing it so maybe we like this is like
something saving us and God saying not
to do it yeah I don't know I don't know
scary stuff like that can happen but it
doesn't matter
damn we shut it down did you get our own
rope and just do our own zipline let me
down I miss when I home a new one hi
guys so we left the zipline and now I'm
here in the city of Niagara Falls man
it's so beautiful man I remember that I
never knew there's a city Niagara Falls
but it actually is oh my god it's cars
you look at this looks beautiful
hey buildings yeah look at this crooked
building they're up here burgers that's
a city Niagara Falls guys look man
there's an upside-down house like got
flipped over man what the heck how was
your an upside-down house guys I lost my
homies man my New York homies man what's
up man but yeah I don't know what yeah
but you know we can call them yeah yeah
yeah you're finally found a man yeah but
see you where we going apparently scary
maze but I don't get to hear this kind
of stuff all right let's see I'm gonna
lead the way
bring it on yo just when I thought I was
gonna get my voice back we go inside
that scary maze and I freaking lost my
voice it was so so scary now our
children here in Niagara Falls you know
got a she show you know I'm saying the
view we got the little smoothies right
there the view right there we're chillin
having a good time you know
hi guys we're heading back to Toronto
our car is like a 30 40 minute walk
we're trying to take an uber to our car
while all of our phones died so now
we're gonna hitchhike
that's like we're hitchhiking right now
come on stop for us stop for us oh no
stop we just got back here Niagara Falls
was like an hour and a half away so
we've been driving so so much but it's
been a fun fun trip I really hope you
guys enjoyed this blog I tried to make
this vlog kind of like I edited this
vlog I try to make it natural like how I
used to always do it like you like my
beginner day so let me know if you guys
enjoy it I do not feel like when it's
natural and organic I get to connect
with you guys more I feel like it's like
a personal video and I'm not trying to
make it like a big crazy scene even
though I love making like dope scenes
but I'm gonna try to make it like
organic for you guys so I really hope
you guys enjoyed it if you did make sure
you guys give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey and do me yank literally it never
gets dark here it's like freakin 8
o'clock and it's still not dark which is
kind of weird because the New York City
gets dark like really really early but
we're here like I'm not I guess Toronto
actually yeah because even a lot Milan
like you guys break your fast I got 9 10
o'clock so that's pretty crazy but do be
gang I'm ending this blog here tomorrow
is our last day here in Toronto oh my
god I'm gonna miss Canada so so much
seriously you guys are so so dedicated
here in Canada like every single one you
guys had always me here you guys are so
sweet so nice I love you guys so so much
like I don't know I feel like I feel
like every time I'm here there's always
the Toronto squad so 20 squad I love you
guys so much thank you guys and
hopefully I get to see you guys again
real soon other than that do not forget
to subscribe do not forget to catch your
tickets do me and I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace I love you
I love you like a love song
