yeah was Papaji he was good
do me again get is currently 10:00 in
the morning this is like the earliest
I've ever woke up and so so long but
it's about to be an adventure what's up
and do me hope you'll have an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
if I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy dang
so the big news is if you guys do not
know is that we are heading to Toronto
Canada I haven't been a Toronto Canada
for like probably almost a year I'm
heading there me and the boys we were
supposed to take a flight but since we
did it so last minute there was no
one-way flight it was all like stops
Toronto Canada fast from New York is
like across the street so we are now
taking a bus and I haven't took a bus
for so so long and I heard it's like a
10-hour freaking bus ride this will go
me because I'm gonna be with the boys do
me again we are all heading to Toronto
together I'm about to meet up with them
right now
take you guys on this adventure with me
I want this whole trip to be a dope
crazy ratchet Adam trip because I've
been feeling really down the past few
months you guys know what I went through
and everything so thank you guys so much
I'm ready to give you guys an amazing
journey because we're meeting up with
the homies nut ZZ & Harris J in there
too so let's see how it goes do me imma
see you guys next this is such a
spontaneous thing what we're doing it's
gonna be fun cuz I demand the key we
always make everything late you know you
just been randomly invited to Toronto
we're going to your city TDOT this whole
vlog is gonna be inside a bus probably
so uh yeah oh my god I got to inside the
bus right
so often felt like I was in a plane to
some winsome
it's doable try to sleep earlier morning
storm
oh do me gig we're in our first stop
we're somewhere upstate New York I don't
know the ride has been going smooth but
I feel like right now the ride is gonna
start feeling so long we have four hours
to go how you guys feeling excited for
Toronto yeah four hours I'm about to get
me some iced coffee man I need a
recharge man hi guys so we just he and I
got the raptor here and the key thing
about we have a little break so we're
get a little active trash cans right
there I still do this when I was younger
ready hi I'll make this shot so how much
you got on my shot to make it I'm all
about plunger push up some big 100 push
100 pushups yeah not a hundred dollars
I'd rather do a hundred a hundred but
don't you got oh I'm sorry I'm sorry you
can do over here let's go one two three
four five six
you got to a 400
hi guys we're heading straight on once
again right now crazy cuz we're
traveling 500 miles and Nas it Harris
they're traveling thousands of miles so
we can meet at this place called Toronto
this is crazy this is our like Union
right well meeting into the country I
know we're meeting in a different
country this is our reunion with Nas
hello my first time meeting here it'll
be exciting
you never there's no way he's that
daughter free to meet my niece inside a
bus it is my time look got around 2 to 3
hours left and we're finally in Toronto
all we've been talking about is crazy
gossip you see me Kanye West mentioned
Donald Trump on Twitter like so much
stuff is going on on Twitter how Kanye
West loves Donald Trump I don't know
let's ask the people of this world
what they think about Kanye West loving
Donald Trump so I'm gonna keep how do
you feel tired what do you think about
Kanye West loving Donald Trump so it's
ok that he loves Donald Trump what if I
love Donald Trump what would you what
would you say but some able to take me
and choked me up and be like what what
do you think about Kanye West loving
Donald Trump and then
yeah every single tweaking the screening
it's crazy out Conyers which gets a pass
for these cotton us us that's insane man
any like anyone else does it is like
will be World War three versus Connie
that it's okay Connie I didn't sir
a lot of celebrities involved on Twitter
hit on follow to my Twitter who that's
crazy man that just shows me that Donald
Trump is he's a bad person made he's a
person who's been racist towards a lot
of people so everyone follow Connie was
so far could never say she did one on
the right I hope I found Harriet Ariana
Grande
yes whoo yes no way BTS unfollow drink
you can use Twitter he moved on to
better just on follow them now Matt even
checked that did he really have fun
does he really Harry Styles all of them
some video de Paula do you want
Parliament who you're wearing the shoes
and UN father
guys we just pulled up the Serrano you
crazy bro
hello guys look he's here he's in love
what halal guys my dude this dude
funny meeting we reunited here in
Toronto seriously I feel so much happier
I'll feel so much dope it's so so late
right now but I'm so excited for this
trip it's gonna be a fun fun time here
in Toronto Canada you guys are always so
amazing this is my room me and Harris
we're gonna be here and the other room
is gonna be slim and Nikki which is
right here they're gonna be right here
this is gonna be a funny funny funny
trip because gonna mess with them so so
much this is our kitchen right here we
got pizza right there if you open it up
you can see right here we got oh my god
I didn't know what we got we got
freaking soda Red Bull water every time
we'll see what's in the freezer nothing
there they got the weirdest cars over
here what the head guys look my new whip
man this is my new it looks so real when
it goes like this this one - this one
that that one I don't know what the heck
is even doing it yes a place with the
washing machine a place with a washing
machine it's about
to get wow this is the living room slim
and the key there playing freaking
playstation horn right here look yeah
we're doing playing 2k they brought the
freaking ps4 man the Harris went to his
first ever game in Toronto Canada no
what's it I mean about watching baskets
because I that's the first game I
watched I didn't watch TV no way how are
you cheering what is it yeah from which
you know in freaking football
but you know what's it they give you
shitty shot to the back on every channel
that's it yeah basketball for you man I
do be gay it is Harris Jays birthday in
a few days may 2nd right somewhere it's
right now do we have to do something I
don't know you guys let us know yeah
anything in the comments below
over the last time we came it was a
while Wow Christmas I know a house not
super this time is his birthday maybe my
birthday so let us know in the comments
below what do you guys want us to do do
me yank so someone tweeted me this video
saying that I'm on The Ellen Show again
so my let's click on it and see okay hey
that was me fuzzy - were in there
musically what that's me that's me
that's positive like this is hilarious
yeah do me gang that is the end of this
vlog if you guys enjoyed this blog and
if you guys are ready for this reunion
thumbs up this video we're about to head
to sleep right now get out rest and
tomorrow's gonna be a brand new day do
me anything thank you guys so much for I
love it support I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me I do not forget to
subscribe take care and peace I love
really counter
