hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day
do me gang I'm out here in New York City
in my house there will be a special
special guest today she is making her
comeback appearance after so long you do
meet Yanks will be ready the whole Adams
family Here I am rocking his bucket hat
I already know his supreme supreme
bucket o supreme what the supreme Allah
cause he shout out to rocky for giving
me the supreme Allah cause sweater and
hat make me look fresh I see so many of
you guys tweeting me asking me to tell
you guys what the undercover fan account
is the one that I made and spoke with
you guys on the download and the fan
account is I won't be saying it until
the video is out anyways do me I
seriously I hope you guys are feeling
great if you guys are make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go Turkey if you're
not feeling great then still give this
video a thumbs up and it'll make you
feel great about watching this vlog as
you guys know what I'm Alana's coming
soon and I told you guys that the super
nanny will be making her appearance real
soon today when the whole Adams family
is here the super Arab Danny will be
coming to test out all the kids the
Superman II even wants to test me to see
if I need some nanny ink from her ends
you know what I'm saying for a minute
bro you know even from the you why you
up why you coming to my crib eating mom
watermelons oh he's right he's right
it's healthy but how do you know that
special guest is coming today
Oh guess I don't have a girlfriend guess
who guess I don't know the super Arab
nanny oh well she's coming today and
she's gonna examine me you mustn't say
yeah Rima and everyone who's about to
come to the Addams Family she's gonna be
here real soon I was gonna be chilling
for a bit got my iced coffee oh my god
it almost opened up look oh my god
almost frickin spilled all over my thing
man that's why cuz you were staring at
he wanted it well who knows the super
iron Annie's coming for everyone's but
you know what I'm saying
everyone's please is on the loose and do
me I do not forget to subscribe and
let's get the day started
I'll see y'all next chapter dumi gank
The Addams Family is finally here Rima
and say yeah there
in rimas room right now i'm lawson is
downstairs i want to tell each and every
single one them at the super arab nanny
is back and she's coming today so let's
go tell Ramon say out first and let's
see what the reaction is go sleep can I
come in oh you guys doing huh say yeah
Reema I have a surprise for you guys
can you guys guess what it is or no Elsa
from frozen is not gonna come she's not
real
it ain't no Hot Wheels it ain't no cold
wheels I didn't tell you guys right now
that the super Arab nanny is coming to
our house today what what you guys get
for you guys aren't Rima why you in the
closet say if you're hiding in the
bathroom safe what are you doing okay
Sam you're gonna get in big big trouble
I don't believe hey you know what I'm
gonna make sure that the sofa and he
knows you're here in this bathroom and
I'm gonna make sure that the Serenity
knows that Reema's in the closet I told
you guys to do me a I'm gonna bring her
back and right now is only the intro of
her coming back and speaking with the
kids to choose a person that she's
getting to an episode on and you guys
are gonna help us out do me a so I
really hope you guys are ready and
excited for this little mini skit that
I'm having for you guys today that's
gonna be more to come real soon
especially in Omaha but now that Reem
was hiding inside the clouds that say I
was hiding in the tub I'm gonna go to
Morrison and Hamza at the super Arab
Danny is here so let me go to the house
that happens it most likely probably in
the kitchen there so let's go see what
he's doing in the kitchen come on Hamza
I need to tell you something come come
over here I need Tyson it's kind of like
a surprise we have a special guest
coming to our house is coming and you
know she's coming for every single one
of us you know that right so make sure
that there is zero nothing like make
sure you're clean your record is clean
because if it isn't the soap our brandi
is coming for you and I'm saying so I'm
not being bad yeah but like still
sometimes just eating too much is pretty
bad
that's what I found you yeah she's my
stuck yes she might stop you from eating
yes honey she might stop it she won't
find out
we legit have a snack closet and he's
literally gonna hide in there like times
it oh my
give get the one give get do give to get
the one one that's yours
sharing is caring
he's mean right but that doesn't wanna
know more yo
sharing is caring guys the main person
that needs the super Arab nanny is this
person like yo he's gonna get it today
look no I'm not you doing nothing like
like I'm not even doing it I'm the super
happening is coming for you
as-salam-o-alaikum you crazy people
my name is Latifah as you guys know me I
am famous on the I tube I'm very very
big millions of views because I get to
keep you guys on check like Nike the
check you got to do it just do it they
call me the super nanny and if you guys
do not know my favorite color is blue
you put your mother your father through
so much stuff when you give them
headache what today I'm gonna find out
who is the one who's going to be in the
episode with me because I'm about to
give your life you be quiet
zip it like it LeBron James well your
mom told me to come for you for the
super Adam nanny today I will be talking
to each and every single one of you and
I'm going to see who is the baddest of
them all I mean I am the baddest of them
all they call me Latifah be you know
like cardi B Pilate for B sounds better
the B is for blue you can't mess with me
this is Jordan shoe how'd you do that
I threw that because I heard all you do
is it 24/7 FL is better than burn you
you you you're talking about my belly
I'm pregnant why are you asking so much
questions huh are you dead or something
are you doctor why you want to know I'm
just waiting for the right day for the
baby to come out I'm gonna bring the
nanny on you up be quiet okay good see
this is he's good don't wake the baby
it's not good this is my stomach look
like a fast boy this guy's majora is
crazy
it's gonna take me a while to fix them
up but it's super out of nanny with here
we do the best best job I uni the first
person that I'm gonna speak words is the
dude over here who's asking me how many
boats I'm pregnant huh can you see
something of asking you're okay okay
okay do you know we all know that you
were once in the super Arab Nene and now
masha'Allah you have fixed up very very
good you are the best of them all AB
scat when you act like a dick - I hate
it when you act like a dick - you're not
smart do you know that you're not smart
yes anyways you're a good princess and I
want to ask you a question okay tell me
right now who is the baddest of them all
who gives you the Morison don't move
no tell Martin that you told me that is
bad who are you my mother my father Oh
am i giving but I'm not getting what I
am giving one punch if we say that one
more time though okay say ah I have an
important question for you because I
heard you're a bully so what do you do
on a daily basis you do what music what
that's all 2017 why do you do music Lisa
why don't you do for Andy's or an Lisa
why don't you take your phone and read
Quran what so Hamza
what do you do all day I said what do
you do
what are you doing school okay now what
are you doing school why do you leave
huh you know eating too much it's not
good for you eating too much is not good
a little bit aesthetics what do I do
that's not good for you he does what Oh
ha ha who's oka let's see since it
season huh l see sit and efficient
hooker well what would you speak in
English Chinese decision and shisha
okay the main question of the day is who
is the baddest of them all well let's
see these maxint who Ruxin listen guys
it seems like Mawson will be the one
hello Adam how are you I'm doing
how are you Queen Latifah I'm doing good
what I have you do you that so big you
look so old now how old that you oh I'm
24 years young yeah
how do you marry them no no I'm not
married pretty much my whole family's
married mom I'm single you know don't
say all the single guys all the single
guys all the single you your throat d40
you're not married chill out relax I'm
still young I'm 24 I'm like half your
age girl are you crazy no one is gonna
want a man you're about to die right now
look this is how I look I'm 24 years old
camera look this is me you're not young
getting not young get old this is how I
see myself
you're like 65 years old and this is how
you people all know relatives look at me
you guys look at like I'm this dude
right here I'm not this old
how old are you
you're bad boy or good boy I said are
you a bad boy on good boy no no no no no
no answer the question correctly or
you're bad boy a good boy
no you're not yes you're a bad boy
everyone is telling me that you're a bad
boy how do you like to me a lot more
names in his line doneita 70 years in
hell are you nicely
Knutson you are the one to be in my next
episode of super adult nanny okay listen
to me yes you are yes you are yes you
are yoyoyo met you
well in your life I am the subtracted
cannot say anything a maroon
Amen I love
