computer
good do me gang it is currently Tuesday
April 17 today is the day my dad leaves
the nursing home and is finally back
home to the Adams family house before I
start to block for you guys I just want
to tell you guys thank you guys so much
from the bottom of my heart seriously
like I know I always tell you guys thank
you but you guys do not understand how
thankful I am because today's a day he
comes out I remember the day he was
going in and he got injured and stuff it
was the worst moment of my life and now
that he overcame it he went through the
obstacles he went through everything you
guys went through it with me he is now
finally gonna be released he is finally
healthy alhamdulillah he's finally gonna
be happy and smiling and back to the
Baba Salah I can finally go back to doin
my amazing vlog for you guys I can
finally go back to doing the intro that
I wanted my dad to be in so much stuff
for dooming and seriously I want to
thank you guys from the bottom of my
heart for understanding and for being
there with me thank you guys so so so
much I'm about to start the vlog I'm
gonna narrate for you guys some of the
vlogs so right now he's gonna start off
with me with the intro and then going to
pick up Rima from school for the first
time ever I surprised her by me picking
her up from school and she also got
surprised by my dad in the house oh is
two surprises for Rima check it out hey
guys what's up your dumi gang I hope you
are having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day it do me gig today
is the day Baba Salah is finally back
and having love like that it's finally
back grass grass you guys do not
understand how happy I am he's been in
the hospital for almost a month a month
man that habit like he's getting so much
better this is my first time ever
picking up Rima from her school from her
new school I never picked her up from a
new school and then after that Morrison
is coming then after that the real was
it it's coming which is my dad once
again thank you guys so so much for the
love and support you guys have been
showing and for sticking by my side and
by my dad's side this was literally my
downest of them all like I've been
feeling really really down I haven't
been myself but I don't feel myself
because of everything that was going on
with my dad but I'm too left we are back
bigger and stronger do be gay we are
proud
oh my god do me again you guys do not
know how happy I feel right now getting
green from the school then after that
Moxon comes on my dad man it's like my
happiest feeling ever man I'm so so
excited can I wait show you guys thumbs
up for my dad do not forget to subscribe
and let's get the day started
how you doing notifications on yeah she
says she got the notifications on guys
it's so windy right now oh my god it's
so cold out of nowhere Rima before we go
inside the house I got to tell you
something right we have a surprise
inside and it's not like a birthday
surprise or like it's a surprise guests
who do you think it is yes what do you
think
whoo now we didn't bring freaking we
didn't bring else everyone yes yes who
hasn't been here for a while
special guests in our home you get do
yes move I get do Asami's back here I
did you yeah
are you excited oh why is your book back
so big it's bigger than you girl I got
it yesterday's you have a computer
inside come you'll see him come ready
Susie one don't move
come pika
good
but then after that he saw Muhsin and he
surprised mas and my dad making crazy
surprises man here it is right here
guys like must've came from the bus man
he's it thank you so much Mawson I have
a surprise for you ready Wow listen
who's that you miss him Oh how much did
you miss tamela miss him a lot
oh this is what you do we throw all your
stuff on the floor pick up all your
stuff pick up all your stuff you just
throw yes it is you stuff you throw it
on the floor yes Brody doing why you
smell sniffing he sucks and then after
that the most important part my dad want
to tell you guys something and it truly
touched my heart because you guys may
not know this but my dad knows who a
dummy gang is right now he knows he
knows you that he knows that a lot of
you guys look up to him and he loves
that so so much that's why I get it from
my dad my dad is a really humble person
and he wanted to give you guys a message
so this is a message from my dad to you
guys i go up to him and speak to him and
he spoke to you guys in Arabic so I
enjoy it I'll translate it here it is
guys me and my dad baba sali oh they get
a feather there yeah a little feather
good luck make a wish guys my dad we're
outside the hospital he's back home he
pretty much said thank you guys so much
for everything he died he's here he's
back my dad mmm I missed you so much did
you miss me enough yeah if you know I'm
going to be good now give up oh do you
might be seeing me the hospital now yes
your husband Robert yeah
I don't know if you remember is another
he's good he's back why don't you have a
question for you yes sir all right why
why don't you you want to show your good
because I guess a lot so it is a lot
because I feel that you could hug he's
back he's here and do me gang my dad
seriously touched my heart thank you
guys once again as you guys can see my
dad is so thankful for you guys he's
thankful for his family
he's so think what do you think I feel I
feel thankful for being thankful for my
dad being thankful for me I don't know I
don't know if I'm making any sense of
assisi you guys do not know how happy I
am
look look look you know this dad like
I'm really having to let man like this
is a sign from Allah like when I went to
UM Adame die for my dad if anything
happens to make him live a longer
happier healthier life and ash Allah
Allah thank you for accepting my dog I
appreciate it I know you always listen
always know that Allah is with you guys
everyone out there always know you're
never alone and then after that we went
out to Home Depot to chill with a bit I
decided to take my dad out for a little
bit so here it is right here
see like like the clouds the Sun even
we're currently at Home Depot and
getting some stuff for the house what
team do you want to be in harima what
team the soccer team basketball team
ever should we put them on the
basketball team or not yes you know
Muhammad Jordan or Michael Jordan
Michael Jordan Muslim getup mustn't what
is he doing
Mawson they're looking at you like I'm
sorry I'm sorry about this
fussing get up what are you doing
they're going there we're gonna we're
gonna buy you okay yeah she's gonna scan
you mustn't your skin my Reema my good
dude no Smuts my dad no Cuba
why trying to steal with my dad guys
Marcin is sad right now because he's not
allowed to play with this cart right
here my said Marcin my dad is try to
make him feel better
well my dad is blinged out let me see
the diamond ring what I got the hello
let me zoom in let me sing so mean and
right there zoom in on the time and time
it hey I see you girl I see you posit
most of you made her cry Mawson you made
her cry your motion is that mad man he
saw sound mad I got the ice you don't
stay in the ice let's go and it do me
gank that's that's pretty much it the
rest of the day right now I'm just gonna
chill with him hang out with him without
vlogging ass when I make him feel like
you know I want to show him he's home on
a Chong he's the big boss Bob Sala if
you guys enjoyed like makes you give it
a thumbs up and go turkey once again
thank you guys so so much do not forget
to subscribe cuz we're almost at 4
million subscribers I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me take care and peace love
you thank you once again thank you for
singing bottom you love you guys thank
you
man
my passport got so full I had to get
another one it's bad my life on a runway
PJs on a PHA head nachos the DJ I've got
baby I'm replating
track paper like a briefcase imma make
you face your fear of heights a day oh
you don't
