assuming it is all good
hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so if we're
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day I know this
is kind of weird to say he's only 6
years old and he got his folk first ever
like phone yeah but you can text me and
if he texts me non-stop this he
facetimes me look who I showed me your
text
he got so much text huh what you're
hiding from me huh what are you hiding
from me no all right I'm gonna go tell
my mom you're speaking to a girl who say
see I don't have a mom I saw Stacey I
don't need to say well I'm good
what are you gonna do yep go tell it go
get it go to hit me well your mom is my
sister it's my sister so she ain't gonna
do ish you're speaking to a girl
so these speak ensue hmm the biggest
niche is Muslim loves in you a snitch I
said I do me game yo safe Rima yo its
2018 you guys on your phones
hello yo I feel like they're just
texting each other right next he said
hello yo
Rima stay up Boston company up come give
me a hug keep on their phone give me hug
look weirdos right the weirdos right
Muhsin you nosy
masterda so nosy hey hey shorty stop
Rima stop talking to your brother like
that
Watson mustard stop it do be gay I'm
heading to the city right not scenic
even slim so I'm heading out right now
all these people are on their phones I'm
ah yeah do me come see you guys in the
next shop guys you guys will not believe
it I just ran into the homies the Jersey
Shore my sweater man sorry Simon
we're enjoying the weather area we're
just thinking of ideas today's like the
day of like the start of spring and
summer so a lot of big things are coming
mothers
I know I know okay doing I am back here
in the hospital nursing home my dad's
actually leaving real real smooth this
is amazing amazing news hopefully by
Tuesday or Wednesday
he should be out I had an amazing day
were slim Sophia and Nikita work out so
now I'm here and I told you guys I'm
gonna show you guys like what's been
going on for the past two to three weeks
like how I sleep where I try to sleep
sometimes because I'm getting trouble
because I'm not allowed to sleep there
only patients are allowed but I feel
like I'm a patient being there taking
care of my dad and it was crazy and
what's sad there's so many people here
they have no family members that come
and visit them one person who was 104
years old I think he has no family
member that wants to go visit and we're
not gonna seriously touched my heart man
like he's
104 years old and none of his family
members won a visit like he said his
daughter came but then she lied she was
like well I can't stay I need to leave
and then she left and never visited him
you gots no phone calls no nothing and
he's a hundred and four and like if my
dad's 104 I'll be so happy and I'll be
hey you know am I going to let them stay
somewhere where a lot of other people
deal with this or I'm gonna go inside
for you guys
nice
adieu meeting I'm finally back home and
it is time for the moment of truth I was
reading all your comics essay for you
guys to let me know what's inside this
little envelope this little bag this
little envelope what's in here that
means so much to me and I've seen a lot
of you guys commenting stuff like my
wife or a letter for my life we're just
I don't know the weirdest things ever do
me getting you guys are literally insane
in the best way possible but yes I'm
about to open it up right now the reason
why I'm hyping it up so much because
I've always wanted this for like year is
in year since I was like a little baby
even my mom and my dad they wanted this
so bad and I'm pretty sure every single
one you guys would want this and that's
the reason why I'm typing it up so much
because it finally finally came to get
me so awkward if it's actually not the
item inside and it's like something else
I know I'm just feeling it I was
guessing that it's it because it took a
while to come so let's open it up a
doobie a dome over the truth let's go
baby
it doom again this is an envelope let's
open up that envelope
it do me again it is all my good oh oh
my god oh my goodness is doing it this
is a piece of the cat but the cloth of
the cabin is a piece of it look at this
oh my god Wow oh my god it smells so
good to me this is a piece of the camera
the cloth from the camera I don't know
if any of you guys really hype as I am
you guys all right - show your parents
this just show this to your parents and
they gonna go insane well I guess to
anyone who's Muslim to anyone who's not
Muslim this is a piece of cloth from the
cabbage you guys don't know what the
cabbage is already told you guys I was
in Mecca at the camera a few weeks ago
do you guys remember my vlog that's
where every Muslim prays towards to the
cat bat and I had a piece of it here I
have a this is crazy
do became look what bash Allah Allah
Subhan Allah mash all the guys and all
the lavas coming soon I don't even know
what to do with this do me game let me
know in the comments below should I hang
it up should I keep it with me should I
put it somewhere let me know oh my god
look I want you got something closely I
- look how amazing it is you can see it
look look look do me a let me know the
comments below what should I do with it
like where should I put it
seriously huge laughter da da la da
thank you guys so so much my saudi
arabian homies i love you guys but you
have to do me yeah i'm gonna end the
vlog here serves to let me know in the
comments or tweet me something where
should i like i don't know how to like
deal with it like i don't know where
should I put it I don't know I don't
know what happened I don't know I mean
it's something I can hug you like be
with it but let me know what should I do
with it do you guys enjoyed this vlog
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
turkey because I got something with the
best place in the world to receive this
time to click away this is the most
amazing thing that I've ever got in the
world better than Easy's better than
Jordans better than
that I've ever got is this so make sure
you guys give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey and do me a do not forget to
subscribe I'm almost out 4 million
subscribers I'll see you guys tomorrow
do we gotta take care and peace
