I'm gonna yodel together ready y'all a
someone help someone help me I'm gonna
try my best to make him be quiet okay
mustard who's your friend Oh your
friends are you my friend you know
rimas your friend or me all right thank
you very much am I good or bad I'm bad
rimas good what what what did he say he
said that you better and I and I said
that you're good
why am i bad I'm the one that's taking
you out man he just woke up from a nap
because we're gonna go outside I
promised him that we're gonna go outside
whenever he wakes up he's so grumpy and
he cries and I have to be the one to
make him feel better Mawson you don't
like me you me cos I'd like some he
likes me to play hard-to-get he's they
already a new beginning I hope you're
having an amazing they become an amazing
day you all should be happy happy hey
did you hear that mr. you should be
having an amazing day man anyways is do
me any witness start off to fly by going
to Walmart and doing a bit of shopping
and maybe a little bit of a yodel
lagrima have you seen the yodel video or
not have you seen the boy that goes
you're Alejo Alejo Alejo who in Walmart
or no no you they need to do it
boy I haven't shown Rima she's really
there yourself I'm gonna show you the
video first that you ready okay all
right good this is it Muhsin cheer up my
dude cheer up you're going out with us
man
Remo thank you for always smiling and
stuff you're the total opposite look at
it look at Kanye West's
look
so that made me smile see she got the
kind of lovin really do you know how to
do that try it let me see you do it try
it out try that you're practicing the Oh
Dalls try it go Chuck what the heck
let's go I got some Rhema said she's not
gonna yodel over there she said she's
gonna sing let it go let it go about who
who sings it frozen the frozen song let
it go and she's also gonna be doing
cartwheels and a splint and all her
little moves that she's gonna do that
come on - what are you gonna do
cartwheels and splits Wow am I ready
sarima like a lot of people gonna think
like how the heck are you not shy like
what makes you not shy and what makes
you like not nervous huh yeah yeah Bree
was say what your dentist hi guys you
guys heard it from princess read my
thumbs-up for Princess Pea but she's
about to do it oh my I didn't dare she
dared herself in this is a day I can't
believe she's about to do it he was
about to do the yodeling and her virgin
man how much how much money think she's
gonna make man how much funny thing
gonna make one thousand because I heard
that yodeling kid used to do it in one
more and people just like tip him and
stuff like that but Rhema we mother's
farm man you got this you got this girl
let's do it let's do it pound pound it
handshake handshake
hello hatchet
dad you don't know how to do it here you
do know what your left hand you're not
supposed to do it with the left hand
right hand
yeah right hand boom boom do that do
that that that the heck was that he's
chopping it and do that once it goes
like this like I hope that what am i
guys thank you but I appreciate it let's
go
Thank You Man let's go Remo your spot
you ready come on let's go let's go
guys were you here in a Walmart let's go
let's go let's go come on guys I go
inside Walmart the first thing you guys
want what do you want what put I don't
know what that is man like well here you
go you can have this yeah you can have
it keep going on what do kids love toys
me hey toys
I was doing she's doing this from the
car wheel one hand car wheel one hand
color look at this do the two hand
colored one more time who wants to go
next
anyone go next volunteers no you're
gonna go next Oh thumbs up thumbs we did
let's go let's go what do you say what
do you think okay do me gang we just got
back from one more I hope you guys
enjoyed that if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and do me again and
go Turkey Walmart it's like a dope dope
spot to do like crazy stuff you guys
want me to do is sleeping in Walmart
praying or sleeping in Walmart in public
let me know in the comments below right
now I have something for you guys that
you guys can comment below all right so
I have something really really special
right here this thing right here this is
probably the most special thing I've
ever gotten in the world so I want you
guys to just take a little look at it
alright and to guess what's inside and
to leave it in the comments below I
don't know I decided you know what let's
let's have some fun let's do a guessing
game or something let me know what you
guys think
because I'm probably gonna open it in
tomorrow's vlog tomorrow tomorrow's vlog
tomorrow tomorrow you guys know what I
mean I'm gonna open it in tomorrow's
vlog and let you guys know what it is
believe in the comments below with you
guys what you guys think it is I don't
know you guys tell me let me know in the
comments below it do we get other than
that do me yang I'm heading to the
hospital I know you guys want to see me
take you guys through that experience at
the hospital I will real real soon for
now I'm gonna be taking care of my dad
so do me yang thank you guys so so much
also merch coming really really soon
here's a little hint
all right here's a little bit of a
preview do me a cuz I told you guys what
I'm gonna show you guys a little preview
a lot of you guys want to get it and
I've never really done merch like
properly I never really focused on like
my own merch literally so many people
always tell me Adam you should do merch
if you do merch but now do be gay I'm a
focus on it I'm gonna do it properly
Anna do me gang it do me merch is about
to come real soon here's a bit here's a
little bit of a preview guys ready one
two
hi guys that's all you guys are getting
that is the preview also do me gang
member I told you guys I want to give
away my sneakers because I feel like
there's no point of me having like my
sneaker collection I have around 3040
sneakers I feel like I don't know I feel
like it's useless for me having them so
I came to a conclusion I'll be giving
away around half of my sneakers these
are just some of them right now that
I'll be giving away so do me yank if you
guys want some sneakers easy some of the
white ones the black ones Jordans let me
know in the comments below because real
real soon I'll be giving it away I don't
know I feel like all I need is like 10
pairs of sneakers the rest I don't even
wear them at all like I literally like
these ye Z's only wear them wore them
like once I'm on and I'm not that I'm
not a good guy to collect stuff like I'm
not good at collecting stuff like the
best thing I collect is like stickers
when I was younger but I don't really
know how to collect you know sneakers
nothing like that so uh yeah let me know
the comments or if you guys want I'll be
giving you away I don't know how I'm
gonna decide yet but I will keep you
guys updated to do me Ankama
yeah thank you once for its free
sneakers free but that do not forget to
get your tickets for the world so our
Adam eats pussy calm me it frizzy so
we're doing a tour together
Pam
we're giving you guys to n1 I'm doing my
Chapter two performance he's doing his
inspirational motivational performance
so make sure you guys get your tickets
I'll see you guys tomorrow do again do
not forget to subscribe because I'm
almost at 4 million subscribers I'll see
you guys tomorrow do me gang take care
and peace I love you
