hey guys what's up and do me yank I hope
you all haven't get amazing name because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing
happy day adieu me gang in the past few
vlogs you guys have been seeing happy
Adam but I will update you guys I'm
gonna start off the vlog by updating you
guys about my dad if you guys do not
know my dad collapsed around 2 weeks ago
he fell on the floor he was knocked out
completely for like five to ten minutes
and then he had that I've gone to the
hospital he didn't wake up till around a
week later and he is now at the nursing
home a nursing home is a place where
they teach him how to walk teach him how
to you know function against strength
back again my dad is 68 years old I know
my dad is strong I know my dad is a
strong person you know I believe in and
I believe in luck so my dad right now is
still at the nursing home I believe
tonight is the night where we find out
how long more he's gonna stay I really
really hope you leave soon he's still
not feeling that well but he's feeling a
bit better he's walking a bit better and
I shall lie he comes back stronger and
happier do me gang but I still do not
know when he's gonna come back here but
I really really hope in Charlotte soon
he comes back soon so you guys can see
him in the vlog see him smiling and
turning up with me do me a sir see
that's what I've been doing the past few
weeks I haven't missed a day every night
I'm with my dad from night to morning
every single day and always remember to
be thankful be grateful I love you guys
do not forget to subscribe cuz I am
actually I almost 4 million subscribers
my goal is to reach 4 million
subscribers before my birthday my
birthday is June 4th so let's see if we
could do it a doobie gay about
subscribing and giving this vlog and
thumbs up Rima Mawson they're about to
come back from school right now I
believe Rima had a big issue in school I
don't know if she couldn't front to the
bully or something like that so I'm
gonna go to her and ask her it's a whole
without because she just got back from
spring vacation I'm like you can't be
sorry no issues like that let's see was
going on because I heard this girl
that's bullying here was one of her ex
friends they used to be friends and now
they're beefing so let's see let's see
man those six year old beef let's see
every day in my spare time and do me
young I always check the peel box and I
always read here letters Bremen Marcin
are here guys I'm gonna tell you guys
about the letter after let's go see
what's going on hi guys so Rima she just
got back from school she's gonna be
telling you I was a crazy crazy story so
I'm out let's go inside and tell them ok
ready
Marcin Izzy what's up my sin
I'm not a Butthead your button no Remo
what's up are you doing you doing good
what you guys been that what you guys go
today
good what's he gonna do it's almost
every day after school Rima and mas and
they go see my dad they call him get do
get do means Grandpa in Arabic get this
with the doctor house get do how's he
doing he's sick oh my son could do sick
do you miss him
to see guys I'm not the only one that
misses my dad so much at home even the
kids miss my dad so much at home he's to
brighten up the mood says he said no one
in my house but now we have this awesome
man huh Rima I'm not tickling you I have
some questions for you come you need to
tell me about your bully today huh cuz I
heard some rumors Rima that you have a
bully and she used to be your friend or
something like that I don't know what to
have going on but you have more drama
than I do I don't know the adage family
has more drama than I do and it's like
legit drama ok Rima how long have you
known this girl since you went to
English school the heck do you a mother
that be nasty Muhsin seriously stop it's
not funny
stop it's not cute Mison it's not cute
why you smelly socks oh my god he's in
the hesti I don't want to smell it no I
don't want to smell it my dude yeah yeah
see Thank You RiRi always defends you
mustn he just wants to fight me and
stuff like that what's wrong with you
boy huh huh mustn't stop nice taking off
his other side must I know I'm a
smothered okay give me not bad that's
good good yes good now you want to smell
ill with someone's good right Marcin you
do good poundin no no stop with yours
don't don't don't start don't start
alright let's get back to Rema Rema so
is this girl your friend she started
bullying you why does she start bullying
you though
know where she came out of nowhere and
did what boss said what are you doing
you're not a monkey get back down come
on oh my god yo guys Muhsin gives me
headaches you give me man all right Rima
let's get back to you
so then what happened today cuz I heard
you confronted her and went up to her
like good wow what did she say no no
even no punching no nothing Remo okay
look I want you I know you box and stuff
like that but if anybody comes up to you
you tell them to stop because what what
are you doing
bullying is not right and and you know
going back with punching and stuff isn't
like isn't gonna make it better so ya
bestow Rima tell like you know the
teacher Marcin one more time if you Rima
as I told you if anyone who bullies you
you can confront them and tell them not
to Baloo but do not like you know punch
back or do nothing savage yeah but but I
didn't even know what to say anymore
Remos answers and replies she said what
you know what you should do you should
tell the teacher because I remember when
I told you you like you don't want to
dislike the teacher she's teaching next
time you tell the teacher don't confront
your bully because you're gonna end up
having a fight and you're only six years
old you don't have a yeah yeah like
Jamel Jamel has Jay man has a lot of
fights in school because Jamel he gets
angry and he goes in and Jamal is
considered like the roastmaster so
Germanna gets a lot of bully yeah but
Remo look at it this way if you knock
them out what's gonna happen know what's
gonna happen who's gonna get in trouble
who huh and do you want to get in
trouble no you
yes gay man always gets in trouble what
are you gonna do now yes okay Reema
confronts and her bully I'm about to
confront my bully this dude bullies me
every single day look he almost broke my
ps4 right now huh and he thinks it's a
joke like him and one thing I really
dislike about mustn is that he doesn't
apologize he never wants to say sorry
look at this
say sorry say sorry I'm gonna bully you
huh say sorry okay then why do you touch
my TV and PlayStation no I said say
sorry
come on say yeah say sorry apologize
right now oh my goodness man that's what
I mean he's my bully for no reason I'm
gonna do it up look what yo you're not
allowed to hit your uncle yes what what
I mean you fight it's not about fighting
okay you have to be good to your uncle
oh no it's not about fighting yeah you
want to fight go fight outside you don't
fight child cool yeah
say sorry he still doesn't care man I'm
trying to give him like a serious Adam
he just doesn't care he does not care at
all
he thinks it's a game life is not a joke
I'm gonna give me an easy
because he's three years old but the day
he turns four you're gonna have to learn
urine you're gonna have to learn yeah
you're gonna have to learn to say sorry
yeah
say sorry you hit me have a boo-boo do
you want to be on timeout okay then say
sorry oh my goodness man his answer is
no for everything now are you busy sorry
what you had to tell my mom
go try there we go she's gonna go snitch
in that wash and make me apologize what
are you gonna do huh you gonna tell my
mom what are you gonna tell her that you
didn't say sorry make sure you tell you
punched my mouth too and make sure you
tell you almost broke my ps4 and you
didn't say sorry make sure you say that
okay
nerd no what are you to throw at me yeah
you gonna hit me get out of here
this dude is legit snitching on you man
he's crazy man he doesn't give two craps
man wasin is a savage but the thing is I
don't want him being a savage to meet
his uncle I guess I confront said my
bully Muhsin and Rima confronted her
bully but do me a as I was talking about
this letter it really really touched me
because she mentioned how she mentioned
me in her school project saying that I'm
a big impact in her life and that really
means so so much and she also said I
think you should definitely bring merch
out so do me gang if you guys want to
bring out my own merch let me know in
the comments below if you guys will
actually get it know well I'm gonna do a
poll on my Twitter OMG adam saleh and i
got to see how many of you guys will
actually get merged because i'm gonna
need to get them made and i need to know
how much I should get me and I also want
to keep it exclusive like different
merch every single month so do me a let
me know in the comments below or you can
go on my Twitter if you guys will
actually get some and do me gank mark
cuz I'm gonna be rocking it too you know
what I'm saying hey do me getting if you
guys enjoyed this video make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey I have
to head to the hospital right now thank
you guys so much for understanding
cooperating with me I appreciate every
single one you guys to all my rotted
eyes thank you guys so much for sticking
by my side you guys are seriously so
awesome I wouldn't know what to do
without you guys thank you thank you
thank you for making me this person who
I am today I appreciate every single one
you guys do not forget to subscribe I'll
see you guys tomorrow take care and
peace I love you
guys like I'm heading gots to go see my
dad right now and now he's crying coming
to me asking me for help now you okay
yeah okay see karma comes back to you
and I'm helping you I'm gonna get rid of
that bully I'm gonna get our dawn are
you gonna say sorry now huh say sorry
you gonna say sorry now
