Oh
Dubonnet the moment you've all been
waiting for
my fortnight video what's up you're
doing I hope you're having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
if I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy day I
got my ps4 shirt on it was actually 9:00
my shirts in the keeps shirt but it's
mine now but a dumaguete today's a day
you guys will finally see me playing for
tonight for the first time ever I want
to give you a huge shout out to epic
game they are the creators of four night
and if you don't know what four night is
then you're living under a rock with
Patrick from SpongeBob four night is a
hundred player PvP you can play solos
alone you can play with your friends
squad going now and you're pretty much
got to do your best to be the last
person standing and take that don't we
and the best part is fortnight is free
so thank you epic games for sponsoring
this video
poor night is my favorite game right now
and if you guys haven't downloaded it
for tonight be sure to check out the
link in the description down below click
on it and download fortnight it'll take
you to this site right here you click
play free now and it gives you the
option to click Windows or Mac you can
also download it on ps4 or xbox today
you guys are gonna watch me play my
first ever fortnight game Mawson and
Rima they're gonna be next to me because
all they do is sit next to me when I
play for night I'm gonna be honest with
you guys I never got a solo win but that
doesn't mean I'm trash it's just that
every time I play like I'm not a punk
man I approach people and I try to go
for some crazy kills so do me dang be
ready to watch me right now not forget
to download for night the link is in the
description down below the first link
down below so do me a see you guys let's
sum up let's do it man doing good so
have you guys heard of the game for
tonight yeah what is for night you want
you boom a guy it can be a girl too
right yeah hi guys before night is you
boom a guy is that true yes but a do me
gag this is my first four night video
ever I always play with these kids
around me we're about to play squads you
guys ready to play squats yeah yeah yeah
we're playing squads now but seriously
do me I'm gonna try my best to play as
good as I can for you guys I'm gonna try
my best to do good
as good as ninja but I will let you guys
know every kill that I get I approach
them I'm not a P word I'm not a punk hi
guys look at me up t-rex man you like
that costume turtle anyway this isn't
say hurry up here you better take me
nowhere
oh my god I have to get my ice coffee my
food guys I'm in the middle of Welling
woods in the end there's 57 people left
oh come on come welcome we're gonna give
you some iced coffee give you some iced
coffee please
make sure that always get some more
trust me the point of this game is
Wilson
any person that I see I'm gonna go for
that w no I'm saying I never got a W in
four night but it's all good
come on good what do you guys want to
see me do huh oh you Missy you wanna see
me get someone yeah I watch this olive
oil made out of everything freaking the
minis are gonna go there
hi Chuck Chuck do it
guys I'm coaching I'm coming at people
man I'm coming at people man I only have
42 bullets oh my god we got it guys okay
looking for someone
don't about the storm door bad storm I
see someone I see someone here we go
there
hi guys I'm gonna come at him like I'm
coming at ksi man I'm going with for
this w I'm going for the W
oh my goodness oh my goodness oh all
right I'll play bullet let's go baby
starts talk about every kill I have I'm
gonna make it a crazy kill man switch up
a little bit all right guys I need to go
into circle right now know about the
store man I'll be a pump it's so hard I
don't know how people do this man play
for night and like film at the same time
I'm so alike into the game I'm trying to
be entertaining and be into the game but
do me a i'ma look for my next victim you
guys ready you guys ready mom nothing oh
go in there Oh going up and going up
the storm is coming
the storm is coming okay okay
am I gonna make it am I gonna make it am
I gonna make it yes I made it
I need AB on him I mean the LME dance on
it hey stop oh my god always so careful
the storm is coming actually played a
game play big oh man this gave me so
intense man it's so intense I'm looking
for my next victim who's my next victim
man not you man oh damn I'm deep from
the circle my next victim
Oh Kay sighs little brother oh oh I'm
gonna take that kill right now let's do
it let's do it
sniper baby you know it's okay Thomas my
perch ten bullets is pretty good see
who's in there
coming at people's homes man I'm in a
baby outhouse go baby
I'd rather use the pump hold tight my
man he got the Pompey Wes and stop
saying stop please
I'm sure it I'm sure
I don't think no one's there I don't
think no one was there okay
all right someone's there guys someone's
there you guys ready I'm approaching it
man okay I'm going at them all up lose
weight a little bit pull up on okay
there's other people there too okay
come on man pull your head up spaghetto
I know how to go let's do it it cutter
we're gonna go faster we're gonna do it
you guys ready we're going to take
another killer in this game I live the
goal in this game I lived a Yolo life
faster faster okay relax relax my GC
flashing I live the Yolo life in this
game in there I don't really care man if
I die die at least I was in a punk
camping or nothing like that I don't see
no one coming up come on come on
let's go I got to kill and he got a
smart country and a medical kit man he
got a diesel doctors he's a policeman he
got everything I need to go use my
medical kit I need to be careful no I
got a medical kit
I hear people I hear people always put a
trap whatever you like building in a
trap trap trap trap trap
I got metal beak it teach at Tennessee
one you guys we're watching hopeful that
try my best to take the W let's do it
and do me I'm gonna try my best my best
let me give you us
you're gonna kill no one damn I hate
snipers in this game so hard I got lucky
with the last one though Mini's let's go
all right you guys ready for this
oh holy macaroni
I'm like in the middle of everything why
keep saying honey my cutter you like cut
yeah
the heck that's listen dab on that then
how do I make them I like it though I
see people right all right that who's
that oh my god I don't care I ain't
scared of a fight I'm going up I'm going
up and do me yeah I'm going up to you
guys okay I feel like everyone is
running away my teammates go suck me and
I'm running I'm still right at it Oh
someone should tell Schumer oh my god
I'm stuck in the bottom second about
what am i doing what am i doing
come on come on my door oh my god
hey building oh my god this is why you
need wood all right what is do is shoot
me please shoot me huh please shoot me
man
go after him guys there's so many people
around me I need it I needed her I need
to build this and put a trap but there's
so many people
I'll see someone see someone see someone
sees all these do as a hiding woman okay
no I got one hit though no one hit I
need a listen I need to listen this
ain't the time to be screwed okay okay
okay I'm going around
I got chaos I got his little brother Who
am I going for now oh it's a paradise
it's a war zone
oh my goodness oh my goodness oh my
goodness 3 kills 3 goes 7 place 7 place
ok come on come on come on come on come
on come on come on let's do this
come on Jackie boy what am i doing I'm
nervous my hands are sweaty my hair
oh my goodness it's Dewey oh my goodness
must've you made me lose fans oh my god
hey do me gang I don't think I would
ever get a solo win in my life man like
I never got one in my life the most of
every guy in the second place the most
kills I've ever got was four kills
seriously I'm calling out every a new me
gang member who plays for night if you
guys are nice add me and let me know and
I want to do a video with you guys
playing duo's and you guys giving me the
W I need a W right I need to W do me X
well let me know who can give me the W I
guess I play every game too crazy like I
approach every single person but I feel
like that's how you've got to win like
ninja the way he plays he just
approaches everyone that tries to kill
them so that's what I try to do what
happened what is that this is not this
is this Xbox I play playstation X fact
you don't mess with Xbox
oh man idumaean if you guys enjoy this
video make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey I try my best to do me
again
seriously I played like three to four
game I recorded all of them but this one
was probably the best one so I hope you
guys enjoyed that you guys did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
let me know if you guys want me to start
doing live doesn't have to be for nine
lives it can be turning up live streams
let me know if you guys enjoyed I see
you guys tomorrow don't be getting take
care and peace love you I love you make
sure you guys check out 490 description
down below
love you guys I'll see you guys and
death
