they follow my finger and then my
fingers got jammed it twists to the side
hey guys what's up a doobie gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing it you all should be having
an amazing happy day and do me a I'm so
so sorry I'm starting off the vlog with
bad news Haley my niece one of my oldest
nieces she broke her thumb playing
basketball yesterday with Jame
I do not know the full story but while I
was at the hospital with my dad I heard
that Heine also once in our emergency
room because her thumb was completely
messed up and if you guys do not know I
broke my thumb four times this summer I
hit my right thumb and it was the worst
feeling ever man at school I couldn't
write I couldn't play games for night I
couldn't do nothing man my thumb like
you start realizing that your thumb has
a lot to do with like your life thumbs
are amazing man thumbs up thumbs up but
I will go check on her downstairs to do
me game I want her to tell the story cuz
I want to know how it happened because
the ad is family they're two too wild
and I really need them to chill out
sometime so I'm uh let's see how it goes
doobie gang I've seen a lot of you guys
saying that you guys are enjoying these
home plain vlogs but to me these vlogs
are just home like this is what normally
goes on throughout the Adams family and
I'm so so glad you guys are join us to
make sure you guys subscribe do not
forget to give it a thumbs up let's go
check up on Hilah and see what's up man
cuz I'm so worried for what they do
hi guys a doobie gank we are with the
one the only
hi know what's up how are you how's your
how's your finger to me see oh my
goodness guys look at this I feel you
can't even do thumbs up no more
you can't play for night you can't do
anything with the heck I played for name
with my two fingers you serious yeah but
that's the first thing you do play for
now when you're back yeah there's
nothing else to do so if you guys do not
know hi Anna literally just got back
from the hospital a few hours ago Hina
explained to me and to everyone else
what the heck happened to your finger
because I broke my thumb four times
three of them was boxing and one of them
was basketball so I feel like you're
following the wrong footsteps man yeah I
feel like she's like a female version of
me like I don't know but like younger I
was the same way when I was head I still
like go out play ball you're like I
don't know I just be super let you know
I'm saying no say yeah I would tell them
happen
I was playing outside after the game you
guys had you had a basketball game after
so yes it is vlog I had a basketball
game and then you had a possible game
after yeah oh is it you and who general
mrs. Gavin huh okay so Jenna is the
neighbor her so basically the girls was
the boys yes how does it you Matthew
there's such bullies man no it's such
bullies and they'll have them so it's
eyeball and I turned around and get my
check the ball to me it was like it fell
on my finger and then my fingers got
jammed to twist it to the side and no
one to the hospital and waited two hours
and all they did was tell me that my
bone crack all the way to the joint
yeah and then they put this new cast not
to go to a hand specialist so they can
throw a whole test oh my god guys see
look it can happen literally in a second
your thumb is gone she couldn't even
move her thumb but I was checking on him
what happened she's like she couldn't
even move it at all and I remember being
at the same position and I hurt so much
like hard you get them it's the worst
pain ever so I'm guessing this is this
is Jim asshole then stay checked it up
with how you're looking yeah so Jim at
gave you the ball without you looking
and once you turned you hurt your thumb
yeah I try to catch it let me see what
your mother's door was he is his fault
gonna go beat his Bob no what is he
doing guys like I'm looking outside to
see a gym at is doing cuz he's the one
that broke Hailey's thumb huija man is
right out to Holloway hello where's it
where's it Dina just on the tricycle in
the neighbor's fudge emoji mine is right
there Wow look at hi guys I'm here with
Jenna so you were teams yesterday with
Haley right yeah so tell me what
happened with Tyler who broke her thumb
cuz her thumb was broken now tomorrow
and he used those about to hit her in
the face
what Jimmy he's Lucky's his birthday
tomorrow if he gets it past cuz it's
your birthday tomorrow or I'll see what
he got
after tomorrow still tomorrow April 9th
is your birthday man that's crazy so
then what happened in highly left the
game yeah oh man gman apologize sorry
yeah he sure sounds good man you about
to take another all right now hi guys
I'm gonna play one quick game cuz my
uber is coming I'm gonna head to cozy
slim you got slim in his whole family
they're gonna be at the hospital
visiting my dad so I'm uh let's see
what's over to me I'll see you guys the
next shop guys I'm here with the LVAD
family yes
thank you guys for like coming and
visiting my dad and stuff I appreciate
it really I feel bad I heard he threw up
- okay then we need ropes hi guys so
we're about to pull up to my crib my
family always gets excited when they see
uncle slim but no one but no it Adam
sound meows I noticed everyone in Middle
East you guys saved Noah like Misawa you
know what that means no oh my god like
you brought unit you know so would like
you put a light on it like it looked
manorath must go back to every school
you pulled up to my crib and my whole
house look who's here Dena hugs you he
tries to fight you and Jamel just plays
a cool Jenna what's up guys slim Sam
this is my neighbor Jenna says everyone
miss Lorena was so funny say I'm trying
to swing out people say I always want to
fight everyone huh I guess we're gonna
play another game but um everyone be
careful okay because Tyler broke her
thumb from this kid right here you know
saying you're a slim jim al broke his
thumb
what yeah no way thumb is broken she was
in hospital
time was gonna
the cops are gonna come now I told her
like you just want to press charges
you're not what the cops are gonna come
we're gonna be careful man I can tell me
this me crazy the cops might come the
cops are not gonna come but obviously
huh
Jemaine you heard what are you gonna do
if the cops come no no no no seriously
they're gonna like like you up you know
saying yeah guys I'm amazed to have one
of these dirt bikes
I don't like a few years ago a long long
time ago mean I was easy go ahead
remember yes I know a lot of trouble
come on let me know if I should get one
of these these are like adventures we'll
add them like I would drive to somewhere
and then we see the craziest things
times it was so bad back then like right
now he's actually good yeah
he was so so bad yeah no way I think I'm
about to get a lot of more tickets you
know is it because I'm on the drive
sorry man sorry kids don't try this at
home
don't vlog and have it done right I'm
getting memories should I get one like
it's just for like the neighborhood you
don't think nothing like highways or
nothing like that I don't know let me
know let me know your leg or delay or
I wanna go home I wanna go home
what was it I'm just practicing for
Walmart guys I just came back from my
ride I want you guys to know that this
is also my neighbor Rafi Rafi see what's
up what's up do me gangs it would happen
to me a gang what's up do you watch my
videos or not yeah you do yeah which
ones do you watch oh you saw the
Halloween ones wow that is amazing
you like it when I'm out what's your
favorite name my name so it's all yours
Adam Adam Adam Adam Adam what he did
right now you're gonna be in this block
are you gonna watch this vlog and I do
dad it did look cool is that
Lucy you're become it looks like your
punch you guys you know what that means
I ship you guys you know no it means
like a ship like a boat you know what
ship I own dad ship you know what's a
 yeah like a ship like a battleship
like a boat but still like I mean like a
ship you guys know I ship you guys
that's what I'm saying you know what
that means
I ship you know you know what shift
means I ship you know what that means
like a boat good job didn't knows he
knows you know
well yeah anyways it was nice meeting
you might do it here's your bike thank
you for letting me ride it do me gang so
slim just pulled up in my crib we film a
fortnight not a four-night video I
haven't done any for that video everyone
is waiting for you but tell you guys I'm
not nice like I have zero solo ones how
many stole the ones you have I have a
few actually he has a few have zero
SolarWinds man we still I want to solo
it man I'm trying to get nicely for you
guys so I can play a good game for you
guys but we filmed the video and such
channels called it wasn't last the
boogie down challenge they came up with
our only everyone came up with our own
as well to fortnight you come up with
dances and stuff like you know how to
have the dad dance the money day like
this the L dance dude L dance what star
was home do the back do the backflip
sexy dance mama do we all hope you guys
cause life is their mission give it a
thumbs up and go Turkey
leaving his been man him he's been a
while I know I know but it's all good
wall just still grinding and still
working hard I'm just making sure
everything is good then after that we're
gonna once again swarmer doesn't see
more live life so stay tuned Lumia hopes
which although my dad comes back and
comes in a blog and Sheldon Chawla and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
make sure you got some guys take care
