I can trust doesn't become who did
hey guys what's up and do me hanging I
hope you all having an amazing day
because we're having an amazing day so
what we're having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy day
guys the homie Ollie is always
scratching himself look just like his
dad when he was younger he would always
scratch himself why are you scratching
yourself look at that scratch if you
guys haven't seen my shirt look look at
my shirt looking right here I don't know
if you guys know who that is
but uh he goes by the name of Yusef
what's up you actually love this shirt
man seriously bow thanks thank you so
much for this you sir gave me a
shirt with his face on it he's like yo
you're rocking it you're rocking it
exactly if you guys do not know Ali
Saleh has only six months old and he is
already trying to walk this is the
youngest out of every single Adams
family member like the youngest one out
of every single Adams family member who
wants to walk look at this six month old
and he is walking like ready come on
look one step two step he's walking
three my shallow I keep going keep going
you got a boy you gotta keep walking
look at this hey hammy outlet yo man yo
his lawyer he wants to move he's such a
hyper baby he wants to move guys look
we have Ali's dad my brother ape kicks
he has knocked out
wake him up wait go be done in pelisek
pliz it I'm sorry no that was me that
was me that was your son
and we have the big boss Bob masala Bob
asada right here looking like a me go
straight ahead guys like a spaceman
around box come on guys in just a few
days I will be in the Middle East with
the homie Slim we are going on tour
Egypt to bike waits I had a know how a
man and India make sure you guys come
through Adam saw toured calm literally
in just like five six days I cannot wait
to vlog what you guys and have an
amazing time yeah he's walking he's
walking guys I'm Austin at the age of 12
months that's when he started walking
Ali still six months and my shuttle he's
already walking like this like you got
it boy he's really strong for his age
Michelle it really come on yellow yeah
yeah you come you go
his teeth are also starting to grow look
at it right here he keeps biting
anything he sees he's drooling
everywhere oh my god don't don't he
keeps putting everything in his mouth
yeah yeah stop doing that
Ali no no no no no stop stop stop eating
everything look look look look do me
gang we are in our garage right now as
you guys can see my brother's cars right
here I still refuse to believe that it's
my brother's car that my cars are my
brother's carbs I'm sorry you sure these
nothing like surprise me stays mine I
accept the fact rose no I wanted this
car man like I'm sorry but this is my
car cuz of mine no okay
oh my god
okay so I'll go to the hood but what
about the pull a crazy prank right now I
ordered something Lucy any shorter I
ordered this thing where it makes it
look like your glass is completely
broken right here it's like a sticker
I'm also gonna get a glass bottle I'm
gonna shatter it on the floor so it can
look like there's a bunch of glass this
is what you get bro you made me freakin
cry out of happiness like is what you
get oh you know you don't say nothing
but he gets don't when you don't get on
my side sometimes you're going freakin
ape side than my side no I don't like
that I don't like that come on you got
to be on one side come on Team Adam team
Adam
I got your freaking I got your face on
my freakin I'm wearing your face 100
percent 100 let's get something to pick
you pick your mouth thank you from
unicorn bigkevoz unicorn piggie all
right sounds good sounds good this is
the car the cars Christian lives where
is B whoa yo he's gonna freak that F out
literally this Tesla is like his baby
it's like another one of his kids yo
Sarah see you got Ali Mohsen Rima and
the Tesla man yeah all right guys this
is the sticker that I got I got a knight
here so I can cut up a little bit of the
corners so it won't look like it's a
square we need to make it look realistic
just cut the tip and then till now Abe
is gonna bug out I'm really scared I'm
really scared for bottom care I don't
care this is literally just one of the
gazillion things that I'm about to do it
in because of what you put me through
made me cry the happiness man it's hard
to make me cry to happiness I'm putting
some squeals and I'm making it look like
ooh oh oh ooh arts and crafts
Adam hey Yousef I'm scared rola if he
tries to beat me up or something like
can you take the beat up for me or not
um you gotta take the beat down for me
there's no music I'm just the cameraman
room no you're taking the beatdown
record you game
alright guys so we're gonna put the
sticker right over here so let's take it
out take it out right now
hi guys here
yeah Oh kiss this a card goodbye mm-hmm
goodbye car goodbye oh my god I think
the beaches but guys look yeah guys this
looks so legit if you go close to it
even looks more legit but we're gonna
make it even look more legit by getting
a glass bottle right now we're gonna
have to break the glass somewhere
outside then bring in all the little
shatters around the car maybe some on
top of his car we gonna wake him up and
surprise if you surprise me what a Tesla
I'm a surprising with a broken Tesla all
right guys I got this glass cup over
here I'm probably gonna get in trouble
bottle mom but it's all good it's gonna
be worth it because I'm cranking Abe
kicks I really hope my mom does not hear
it so I'm mostly scared man like
loganville always throws plates and
stuff does that remember like I'm gonna
do it I'm gonna do it oh yeah uh-huh
what you might have really messed this
car
oh no put it you guys all my stuff on I
really hope I don't hurt my leg but like
don't try this at home kids don't try
this out
one two let's see if I get my first
shirt I see how hard my leg is three to
Gucci flipped laughs my head on what I
ate I got all the glass in there where
should I put it gonna put a few pieces
up in the car one
yeah ready huh - right there all right
guys we got some glass pieces over here
we got the fake car getting hit right
there we got a lot of glass pieces and
oh my god
all right guys were about to go tell him
about the big surprise we got in here
you knows it so let's give this vlog and
trying it thumbs up guys let's try and
get 30,000 thumbs up thumbs up and do me
let's do team Adam female team Adam
let's go baby team Adam and you said
let's go team Adam and Yusuf look look I
got I got you a nice time to put uh my
face on your shirt you know saying ape
this is for you I love you so much I'm
sorry
but this is just a start this is
literally just a start but don't tell
America all right guys were about to go
inside and wake him up Yussef be low-key
before we go inside
hey yes it's too bad it's making so much
fun
I kind of move easy watch and look it's
watching Charlie some creepy ish
oh my god guys this is how much he loves
this car you had a picture of a scar
right next
you serious
Hey time hey hey yo hey someone do
something on your car right right
something someone do something on your
car it broke in the front yeah someone
threw something at your car which one
which cuz that's not I don't want that's
what do some got the car oh yeah so much
there's enough the glass is broken it's
something I've just seen right now who
did we can't be careless glass there's
glass on the be careful be careful
oh come on that's crazy bro
when do you get this ooh you just got it
a recently I just got a couple of days
ago I know I know
go go go check him the boom well you get
slippers well slip into something more I
wash myself nice giving him the broom
and Loki feel bad but at the same time I
don't I don't feel bad
hope he steps out on another glass no
you keep your stuff normal glass oh it's
opening the glass it's open the crowd
I think this is I think we're just here
Lincoln in the back there I'm Dominic is
when I parked it to close the garage too
small
nah nah nah bro trust me look how is the
glass all over here that's crazy look
look look I just want to say that it's
I'm so now relieved man I'm so relieved
I'm sorry well you know seriously this
is just a start man my bad
listen and I ain't cleaning this up
either you know what I'm buying a lock I
might know like I'm buying a lock on the
garage going by luck yeah I'll find the
key I'll break it I find a way listen
you're welcome you have too much sleep
you know watching some scary scary movie
bro I still I don't feel relieved man
I'm going hard okay this is just a
little preview watch your back so much
RAM you watch better watch your back you
watch you watch your back gee seriously
man I feel nothing you guys come in the
back I should make a key the car to
Mikey no car Jesus cleaning up both yeah
clean it up man I do nothing do me again
if you guys enjoyed this mini prank make
sure you guys give it a giant thumbs up
the reason why I say mini prank because
this is just the start huh I sure I
should I'm scared dude my dad I don't
know he'll bug out but I shall try it on
my dad I said thumbs up if you guys want
me to do it on my dad but seriously I
hope you guys enjoy this video if you
guys did make sure you guys give it a
thumbs up and go turkey do not forget to
subscribe because I upload every single
day it do me Hank I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and pips I love you I
love you a lot use of each toe
mean you're still half an app like like
milk
vanilla
