and in terms of the j.cole thing that if
anything the j.cole thing taught me it's
fuck j.cole and everything you know
involved in it did you just say Jake I'm
about the Armada treat him right now
hey guys what's up for dooming yang I
hope you all having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day dumi gang
I woke up and there is no one at my crib
literally no one it's the scariest thing
ever because as I told you guys if
someone put a note in my front door
saying your place is haunted I'm still
trying to get to the end of this song
death leaving this crib right now about
to get ready and shower do not want to
stay alone I'm low-key scared I'm gonna
go to slim and ask them if you put the
note there he's the first person that
I'm gonna investigate slim e slim cuz
man look look how scary that says no one
is in the crib look so scared I'm skip
what the heck dag why is the clown cut
oh my god
I'm taking a step back screw dead I am I
am out doing the game oh my god the
clown costume with no one in there is
the top of my mom's butt what the heck
is going on I bought the head I'll go
see slim I also wanted to mention I do
not know why my video came out low
quality was supposed to be HD so if the
video is ever not HD wait a few hours or
a few minutes just refresh it and you
guys will see it it will turn HD for now
I'm about to HD my way out to slim right
now and I'm gonna ask him a few
questions so do me a I'll see you guys
in the next shop do me gang it gets dark
really early now I'm here with the homie
slim and slim what's that I got a few
questions for you alright why I just got
a few questions that you need to answer
did you put a note in front of my door
that says your place is haunted
tell me the truth obvious laughing right
it's not I didn't do nothing I swear I
promise you down I'm innocent I'm an
innocent man
you know what I do to innocent outlasted
it sounds funny like who would do that
bro that sounds hilarious
I swear it's done it's not me I live for
Adam you know that I live for you in my
house a few days ago because and I'll
check the cameras no one was there but
like the only people that was a mouse
was you what are you praying you make
the salon I don't I promised him
anything
I have you nothing do you think is eat
some more in a key position understand I
didn't come up with the idea myself
that's actually funny come on look at
his face
they gonna help me out they're gonna
tell me either you eat some or Nikki
because I know someone's trying to prank
me or something I don't know I don't
know I don't know I it's not me I think
of a slim some would have been like yeah
honey in like another level so come on
then you and I would have played some
come on he's right come on
he's right is nothing so free yeah
you're free
do me gang what is poppin I am back to
talk about this issue one last time
hopefully it's my last time but let me
give you guys some insiders so the issue
of me and foo see that we had happened
right after the tour literally the
beginning of September and the only
response I had from fousey was one video
that he sent me other than that he
hasn't gone back to my team to me to the
emails that he sent from his lawyers and
his accountants when me my team replied
he has never gotten back to that he
manipulated his boys to try to
manipulate me to drop it and I came
across the video that he sent me which
was his response and I decided just to
be fair i'ma show it and the reason why
it took me a whole month to end up
talking about this whole issue is
because I found out from one of his boys
that he was still at home and pretending
to be out of the country after I
mentioned the whole issue now he's out
of the country but yes that's the main
thing for me I just want to be fair I
want to play his video and show it to
you guys I've heard this like a million
times and I've heard him say this a
gazillion times to his own boys they
would believe in the like okay wow
you're my brother too but please do not
call me a brother when you've done
multiple things to me okay so I'm not a
professional but suicide is a serious
issue I don't know whether he's actually
suicidal or not I can't say he is and I
can't say he isn't but if he's just
using that to make me or people feel bad
for him then that's just wrong that's
something completely wrong to do but if
you are feeling like that you shouldn't
be staying alone and waiting for people
to hit you up and expect them to know
what's going on but my suggestion to
that is to focus on getting help and if
any one of my viewers anyone in the
world whoever is watching this if you
guys are ever going through a struggle
like that you guys can immediately call
this hotline right here I do take this
issue really serious and that's why I
called his mom before but that didn't
work out the reason why I come to a
questioning state is because every time
I see him get depressed get emotional I
will see him pull out the camera and
start filming it which seemed like he
was just exploiting it
trust me you telling me this is how your
friends think about you since July 15th
that's the least of my things cuz I've
heard literally literally every single
person and their mothers talk about me
okay so it's not about people talking
shit about you people don't look at you
wrong because of what everyone is saying
about you people look at you the way
they do because of your action and all
the messed up things you did on camera
and off camera that's why and I love how
you have everybody on your sweatshirt
when you're always at the end of the day
being Who I am I do not hold any grudges
I accept your apology if you fix
everything that you've done to me to the
fans to the kid who had cancer where you
said you're gonna give him the go fund
me money when you left me on tour for
your own benefit to go see Jay Cole and
you gave your fans no explanation oh
yeah I still don't want anything to do
with you in the future our whole
experience that we've had and left the
bitter taste in my mouth I just can't
really fake dudes and please stop
bringing your little acolytes to try to
make you look better when they're just
literally making up lies to try and make
you look better did he just say Jake I'm
bout to you I'm not to treat him right
now I like at him like yo I thought
you're like his biggest fan what kind of
fake fan are you when you tried
everything to get on stage with him you
can't you can't just say F J Cole that's
just wow whoa J Cole think if he sees
you saying fu to him hey Cole would be
tight fuck J Cole and everything you
know involved in it because I was
chasing a man
mission and this and this but the reason
Allah didn't put me on that stage is
because he said you know what I don't
want you in this country alright and the
reason why Allah made this happen is
because he doesn't want me around any
toxic any fake people everything happens
for a reason
that's why I'm dead-ass leaving everyone
and everything and leaving the country
oh my god I've heard this gazillion
times once again I've heard this so many
times but the difference between me and
your boys is that I spoke up and I do
not want that to happen to me my family
notice say they even told me not to talk
to you but your boys I believe you
promised them a house you promised them
this and that and when they hear stuff
like this that is the fakest statement
ever you know why the day my mom was
sick the day she was going through hell
on the hospital that's when you emailed
my team threatened all of us bro your
lawyers bro your accountants the same
day where my mom was sick and you said
you're gonna call me to see if I'm
feeling better
that's the same day where he threatened
me my whole team and I was freaking mad
because my mom was going through so much
and then I see you trying to threaten me
trying to sue me trying to say oh I use
your face for promotion that's the
fakest ish ever you know you need
friends around you who tells you what's
fake and what's not and I thought we
were on the same page so literally I
found out that everybody hates me but
you know what I'm did it laughs that's
all I say because yeah I do
and it's gonna stop a five times a day
now I meditate three
today because I really from the moment
you started saying this line to everyone
I pray five times a day
I meditate 80 times a day I'm not gonna
lie I've never seen you pray five times
a day not saying that I pray five times
a day because you don't see me saying
that everywhere but fousey no you do not
pray five times a day in sha la I really
hope you do and I hope you start doing
what you say but no from being with you
you did not pray five times a day so
please do not use the religious scart
like this it was to let the corruption
of this world and the society and
everything affect my relationship to my
Creator and affect my sanity in my heart
and that's why I believe he's talking
about NAS you should know I've known oz
way longer than you you should know that
I trust Naz and I do not trust you from
the start you were trying to get me to
sign myself to you you want me to sign
my soul to you to your raw production um
I like to welcome all of you on board to
fouseytube
enterprises aka roar productions I just
left a meeting and signed it with my
accountants and everything and I'm
creating raw productions which is gonna
be a production studio it's gonna be a
music head it's gonna have everything
for all of us so my team my resources my
celebrity connects my connections we do
it together me and who and who's gonna
be like my partner in this so welcome on
board guys I'm saying this without
excitement screaming and everything
because I'm calm and it's actually
happening
keep it very quiet don't mention
anything and if you're down for it I
don't even need a confirmation today
think about it next time you see me if
you have questions you want to take me
out to lunch you want to talk about it
but no when I rejected it and said no
you got salty and try to email and try
to threaten me try to sue me bro your
lawyers your accountants brought
everyone your whole boys on me and when
I better speak up for myself that's when
your boat was scared and you were hiding
so yes sir do me yank this was I believe
Lucy's actual response the reason why
I'm doing all this because I want him to
fix everything that he's done to me not
mainly to me as what not said all the
money that he owes me don't even give it
to us give it to your fans the ones who
you let down
careless even though you do owe me a lot
of money I can care less about that shit
that's not what it's about it's about
you being a rat and then when you talk
to people your excuses is just chit chat
chit chat stop chatting shit please and
fix your situation as I said I wish
everyone nothing but the best I just do
not want to associate myself with you
and with anyone who's fake just like you
I want to continue on doing me I show
this video so I can be fair but yes I'm
done here do me yeah thank you guys so
much we love and support this is such a
big issue and I promise you guys I would
never talk about something like this on
my channel but it got to that extent and
I felt like I needed to mention this and
to show his video because I came across
it again just to be fair so he has to do
me yeah I'm ending this vlog here I'll
see you guys tomorrow as usual I told
you guys Singapore Indonesia Malaysia
they're all free shows because of all
the issue that happened and then
November 1st till November 6 7 we're
going to a surprise place I'm surprising
my best friend he does not know where
he's going to but once he lands
hopefully once he lands that's when you
know it's gonna be a sick sick time so I
can't wait so stay tuned to do me gang
do not forget to give the blog a giant
thumbs up and go Turkey make sure you
guys subscribe because I upload every
single day do me gang I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care and alais
I love
