everything's publicly they just judge me
man like I don't want to be I don't want
to be Muslim no more
hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day and do me yank look
at this shirt look at this I got it from
Japan I feel like a frickin scientist
with this on man it says have a day that
means something which means have a day
watching atom solid plugg because i
uploaded every single day and you should
be watching my blog there a single day
you don't say it do me gang I just want
to say I always read your tweets I
always read your comments on YouTube
every single comment I always read your
comments on Instagram I always see all
your love so I'm gonna start off this
vlog by reacting to one of you guys we
did a cover of way next you guys ever do
covers anything you guys want tweet me
anything even your secret talent and who
knows it might be in my vlog so this
girl's twitter is called oh it's a show
and she tweeted me and fate he's saying
I covered your song together I loved it
as soon as I heard it I hope you like it
let's listen to a koalas do I'm a
patient for you
so the notes okay oh my god yo yo
seriously Aisha you just gave me
goosebumps you are so so talented you
freaking made my hair like shiver and go
up props to you thank you so much for
that seriously if I'm ever doing a show
in your city please let me know I want
to invite you so you can go on stage and
perform way neck with me I think it'll
be super dope so let me know hey guys
what's up we got the homi Bhabha saleh
and baby ali do you like his haircut
yeah take that's pacifier you know what
mm-hmm
he said you want some of that coffee
Kona coffee no coffee
all he wants to do is stand out that say
he wants me to hold his hand oh look do
me gank we're actually heading to
Brooklyn we're dropping off Sal because
he is heading back to Mississippi
I'm so so sad man my first cousin I'm
gonna miss him I don't know when I'm
gonna see him you could take about what
you said thing here you go get your
pacifier no boy and your best friend
which is my dad yeah we get it they're
gonna said oh oh I'm sorry I'm so sorry
I'm sorry
Oh Joe Sal man wall of bro service email
like I know I haven't seen you for like
10 years and we're back like we came
back together it feels so much like I
feel I feel like I hasn't been 10 years
like everyone is like oh it doesn't seem
like it's 10 years it seemed like you
know they've known each other that's
because he's literally like my twin like
we're literally like twins because now
me and him were the only ones from our
families that are not married everyone
how many siblings you have altogether
yeah seven seven and everyone is married
other than having me for me six and
everyone is married other than meat so
my last ones yeah
oh my god about who do you think didn't
get married first Mears out Adam me I'm
older belly year to me although brother
got married first boys him or uses uses
Nexus Nexus do me yang I just got home
with me the homie usually comes as their
Hamza what's up what happened you good
sick you sick cuz you just sitting at
home playing for night no I've been open
the window opened it was hi bro so funny
it was so cold though I do be a I'm
gonna miss my family so so much
Sal we love you so much and hopefully we
see you soon answer all my cousins out
there I love you guys much love for me
all the way to Mississippi I'm here with
my other cousin he's my cousin Adam yo
so every time everyone's in my crib you
know everyone wants to fight train is
literally like a trap house like look
look look what crib it's legit like it's
legit a trap house look what like look
hookah this dude lay down on his
medicine like people fighting wrestling
anyone who comes here it slips over my
crib they're gonna become like fighters
man we really fight see see this fight
on my face fight a little gloves I don't
like to beat me up
gave him a lesson so the homie I had him
he's gonna be swinging and stuff and I'm
just literally just gonna play defense
so it's good on me for my defense it's
good on him to try to you know works on
his speed to catch you know and please
excuse the best we've been having like a
slumber party because my whole family
has been here because of my little
brother's wedding usually my place is
not that much of a mess the friends give
me little jab you actually let me know
them
come on a job so are you getting my face
so me scared oh go ahead what hard
already does
yeah
let's go come on hey you gotta hit hard
let's go yeah sorry yes like that yes
yeah yes you had a good clean hair my
nose who's in it damn trying to pick my
nose cookie
what is poppin to do meeting a few guys
do not know a lot of my family members
they're staying over my crib and tonight
my oldest nephew Yusef he is sleeping
over with me as I told you guys we're
having slumber parties and he pulled one
of the craziest pranks on me which is
the Tesla prank well it's not really him
it was more like my older brother but he
was still a part of it makes me
emotional
so today since he's sleeping over with
me I'm gonna pull one of the craziest
things ever I'm gonna do a little
experiment on him because I've always
wondered what would happen if I ever
tell my family that I want to leave
Islam even though it hamdu lillah I
would never ever do that I'm too close
to a lot to think about that I'm really
curious to see how Yusef would react
he's upstairs right now with Ali but
he's about to come down and then we're
gonna head to sleep and that's what I'm
gonna talk about it with him saying that
I want to leave Islam so Yusef this is
your test let's do it a few moments
later
No
turn on the light turn on lay well I
can't sleep with the light on door okay
I can't sleep tight off about gonna
never see unless the light is on okay I
need to like suite room put me in the
light off
I can't I can't sleep what's the light
off what section right here you get this
or you smile back now we get sure this
shit I don't know they're stinking soon
let's do this man small I got I like
this I get that and put this trust me I
gonna trust me bro
I like nothing you know where's my mom
where's my home still looking for my
phone I got my phone
fine see Mambo just deaf it nah you go
Susie this always happens to me man then
we call it I haven't seen you every
frickin time
can you call it yeah damn it's like
sometimes I think like like God does
exist what your phone may start not here
go away your porn is right listen listen
it looks like I'll tell you there's this
ginger vibrating
I'll tell you right hello hello who's
that that funny - bro oh here you go
look busy bro help me you call yourself
my family what that's having fun
sure take a chill pill II touch my phone
man call your phone bro pulling it Oh yo
why does God always do this to me why
why me why me maybe you walk if you're
walking why me bro you all can look bro
yeah like don't even lost get up get up
get up walk it's a bit lost from that
time well did you see the car do you
leave in the car then you come in stop
alright you good stop I hate myself man
well you know it's funny right now it's
leaving a voicemail right now so you can
listen to dumb shit you saying hey
myself I swear it's like sometimes I'm
sorry like like I just feel like like I
don't know say it like God doesn't like
me
oh that's making negative who you messed
up this going to mess this up I can't
seem to agree there's only that weird
Yousef what do you do you consider
yourself Muslim yeah Muslims lenient
oblast no I like I like I'm how do you
know God how do you know God is real how
do you know God is real how everybody
has their own everybody has their own
like signs everybody started on you
start on his psyche yeah I'm Matt I'm
not sleeping right now bro freaking 2:33
bro don't you know if I'm just saying
like I feel like I like it God hates me
like God wants me to like know coz of it
don't have it God loves you more than
more than your mom knows you bro you
know I'm not a fact right now go I could
spit facts well god what I spend more
than my mom more than you love yourself
bro know myself yeah bro he broke you
know you know it was Holden
it's nowhere to be found
come on nowhere bro but to break this
bed why you laughing it's not funny
no can't find it yeah do you ever think
like what if like what if Islam is like
not like not the real religion brave
sans oh like what if you think that like
what but any what if you think better
don't think don't think
Yusef no no I seen no no I Zane like
went out of it what do you mean you know
Isaiah he wasn't like he said that he
doesn't believe in people praying five
times a day and a lot of you would judge
man a lot of you would judge me like you
know yeah I know what you mean like a
lot of a lot of people judge looks like
people judge me too and the people chose
in my hair like they pushing me away
from slamming so slow you shouldn't
think like the don't get on their level
they judge me every day every day judge
me like saying oh like just because this
youtubers like that they think I'm like
that is because I have blonde hair oh
wow I'm a bad person checks good oh you
know everything's public like they just
judge me man like I don't want to be I
don't I want to be Muslim no more chill
don't say that I'll say this if someone
told you they don't know something they
don't know your life they don't know
what you do for people people don't see
you doing it wrong that I did the people
I told you did he give us a cat do you
know that do you not think it was a
camera you know that did what why would
they if somebody makes if some of the
Muslim and they make fun of another
Molson that means they're not a good
Muslim so they're not a good Muslim
so I can't I can't can't walk be like
Muslim no more
how are you talking find your phone go
find a phone I want to get out of it
well don't say that bro I mean like you
can't I want it
everybody has its own opinion I want to
get out of it Yusuf I want to get out of
a full choke I don't want it like I know
everybody got their own opinion so don't
don't take like my word that what I'm
saying but everybody has that weird
thought just like read more read and
find out about your own religion more
you know Yusef and you do read you do
read you know put on you know all that
you know yeah but people read it but
don't you see
I'm the worst person in the world they
sound the biggest driver they sound the
biggest threat to online video that
video they are the biggest threat to
Islam they had a different ship speaking
and actually it's like they edited that
video wrong like they used a share with
other people's pictures they had like a
lot of celebrities in a row like it's
just like stop stop bro like you're
bugging out chill so it's fun with you
bro you got a job bro
I don't like you got a general on Rosie
and Rose wrong I don't like I don't want
to be like I don't I don't want to be
part of it no more
I want a god hates me I told you though
they put them to play this okay I had to
Chris hero that I did pussy that's the
question
I'm gonna give you one example a lot of
people say they don't want to be Muslim
because they can't see God all right
so Kenny can you see the Sun I can see
this hunger the Sun for how many seconds
one second and yeah hi is gonna hurt you
right you can't see the creation that's
a creation from God so how you gonna how
you can see the Creator you can see your
brain can you see your brain right now
you know go so think about these stuff
before they say before you say that film
you know I just want to say that your
responses were really amazing and I
appreciate it and seriously you sir you
that was really dope and I'm uh yeah
well I love that was really good and
sorry I was actually filming it so I'm
what the hell oh look experiment one of
those that just do you like shot me like
seriously yeah this morning really
you're smarter than that thought well of
um I'm sorry was a page you had a
one-on-one or drug side that was that
was good it was really good
let me kiss your hand for that no see me
for that one no no that was really good
no I would have been worse if I'd if I
would have just a can argue you know
yeah but I like that a lot because these
days not much people they know I like
care about it you know I'm saying a lot
of people think about other stuff they
don't really focus on like you know like
being close you know it's not like
knowing you know always having to make
sure you're Muslim so you say I'm sorry
well I'm sorry I'm so happy because
these days when I see kids a lot of kids
they know you know the music they know
every word of the music more than more
than the Koran which is kind of true
migos all these everything like if you
tell someone right now if you play them
a song I'm pretty damn sure they'd know
every single word of the song matter of
fact wake up how's that how's that I'm
so sorry for waking oh but mother what
you okay can you hear me yes are you
functioning
yes look yes I'm sorry alright I just
tell me if you know the words okay I'm
gonna play you two stuff okay alright
cuz this is just a test
all right play just that's one I know if
you listen
I'm getting all upset 50,000 on my head
that's disrespect so then I got the
double check I was always picked up
money over set up it's part of the song
these let me sleep okay a woman take
note
now trial-like repeat after this okay I
don't know I know you don't know as a
courtesy love how do you like how do you
not know this but you know I'm upset
make sure you guys know I took courtesy
that's like you know that's like
something you really need to know my bad
like I'm sorry like I was more like an
experiment my bad okay yeah sorry
seriously I'm wide awake no no he'd
shout out to Yusef thank you so much
thank you thank you I like that do me a
seat I'm not I'm not a painter
I'm not prankster no but I'm not a
prankster you did fall for it was so but
I do being I'm ending the vlog here we
can sleep through if you guys enjoy this
video make sure you guys give it a
thumbs up thumbs up thumbs Hamza
you have 24 hours to power than what you
have 24 hours oh that's it you sure
Hamza get some sleep do me yang thank
you guys so much for your love and
support if you guys enjoy this video
huh so I'm memorizing stop I love you
guys so much do not forget to subscribe
because I upload every single day I'm
heading to the Middle East whore
literally in like one week Egypt Dubai
quoits oh man Doha India Bonet and I
will see you guys real soon Adam salat
or calm I believe the next special
guests will be announced tomorrow so
stay tuned do me a suit Amaro love you
guys so much take care and peace
