sorry sir chief in Dubai bowling in your
city Elena let's see how many calories I
could fit up in my truck let me see hey
guys what's up into me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so we're
having an amazing day
you all should you have an amazing happy
I had to do that to my man most a man
shot at the bus it was Seth I hope that
didn't get you guys mad or angry because
I purposely try to get you guys mad or
angry because we're doing to try not to
get mad or angry challenge it do me gang
I'm with the man hands it right here
Hamza is the one who literally let me
know about this challenge and almost
every single day he's like let's do the
try not to get mad challenge let's do
the try not to get mad child let's do it
let's do it he was getting me mad so I'm
like you know what Hamza we're gonna do
to try not to get mad challenge together
you ready yeah you do it do me game
before we get this challenge started I
want you guys to click the subscribe
button subscribe but somewhere around
here or here or somewhere thumbs up man
go turkey could go turkey I already know
do me yank family's the best family in
the world and now we're gonna start off
the challenge hopefully I don't get
really mad we're gonna sense our anger
issues it's gonna show us how much
patience we have so let's see just let
you guys know I don't have places that
fast so if I might just extra rods
punched or just speaking I did you speak
English ah yes
I speak English oh I still seem a little
nephew all of us
which are you cracking smile let's do to
try not to smile challenge they go clown
she's not a joke bad show you magic Matt
short yeah do something you take a joke
my dude was smiling the whole time let's
do it a challenge because we're gonna
see if you don't get mad let's do it
doobie gang we're not sitting down
because our knees were like killing us
freakin stain on our knees and stuff man
we were going on our knees for you guys
man we're proposing to you guys man
stairs do it why are you scared bro
alright guys so this is the first video
that's gonna try to get us mad piss play
Chris play
alright let's see okay where's the video
oh I think this is gonna get us mad
where's the video is it low I love it
oh wait this is that okay I'm not there
I can take this any longer do this big
gets me so mad
no I'm still staying at this it just
irks me man it gets oh my god I feel
like punching someone oh my truck what
the heck yo what's right
oh damn that person is such a such a
douche lick
they're doing about purpose yeah oh my
god it's like the middle finger man what
the heck oh my god in the beginning I
was kind of mad because that person was
being a douchebag because I was skipping
the truck and then going slow for no
reason like that must be really really
annoying and then after that he bumped
the car and all my madness went away
after the car got hit in the back so
that's the definition of karma man don't
do something that's bad like for no
reason if you do something bad have a
reason you don't say I always have a
reason for what you do man survived in
their breakfast yeah yeah hey what is
this is a stock store the Yemeni stores
but yet or nots not it looks like it's
like an Arab store and it's like a what
the heck what the hell
first of all this lady man like oh my
god her boobies are like sagging all way
down like she's some sea pups she was
even wearing a bra like she just scarred
my life in my eyes man this is just I
mean it got me really really mad because
she's so ignorant like wyan curse and
say effing Allah like all you're saying
is effing God people like this they
think I'll love me like something else
because this whole brainwashed in the
media they think Allah means like
something crazy like oh my god that's
scary but Allah means God it means God
in Arabic so she's cursing God so God is
about to punish her big time for this so
it's all ignorant see her braided help
hey and she's chilling just like read
mine side what dank
I did a bit to do that one that one oh
my god hold on I'm pausing this video
and oh my god she just said I did not
mean to do that one like what that and I
feel bad for the little girl liquor
she's so innocent and she has like a
cast on her wrist let's continue the
video he's crying man called shot damn
look you know it gets to be so angry
right now is that this little girl is if
that's her mom so she's always gonna be
on her mom's side she's like that's my
mom I don't want to go to a stranger but
the fact that her mom like abuses her
like that that's that's so sad man and
his sickens me her child is so innocent
she's still hugging her own mom because
she's so young and she sees her as her
mom as the only thing that she has so
it's kind of really really sad I hate
seeing stuff when like involving like
kids getting like her murdered or like
rape that seriously like gets me so old
lock up come on God man oh my god
ah just like hey oh my god I didn't mean
that one I didn't mean that one my
freaking loser I didn't mean that one
like how how much how much freaking head
time did he do that what there's much
tongue
that kid is punching him I don't to show
it but the kid is punching him Oh
oh I wouldn't say that oh good question
oh my god yo see it walk oh my god oh my
god you're here it is like he broke is
like definitely boca say oh my god yo I
got a lot of stuff to say about this oh
my gosh karma got him in the butt don't
bully people for no reason like stop
bullying don't bully oh my god it's me
why do people bully man actually I used
to be a bully man I admit to it in high
school but then I realize like that's
not that's not right because when I used
to bully people it was for a reason like
I was insecure of myself I hated myself
that's the reason why is to bully people
I hated being known as you know an Arab
Muslim so I feel like people who go
around bullying other people they have
something in them that they hate they
hate themselves that's why they bully
other people it's really really sad but
it's it's true oh yeah what dang what
was even doing oh my god that's a cheap
shot man that's a cheap shot right I
don't like that that's a cheap shot low
nothing filming this at all man ahh all
right so I don't know their reasoning
maybe they had a big fight before but at
the end I'm on the guy side who fell
down because that was like a sucker
punch man you push you got the door
closed and you left like that's kind of
its kind of a punk way man have a clean
one on one I know you should have done
it right footing him when when the thing
he was like open and stuff man why would
you do it ask like what it's closed in
and you push it in one man
and what the eggs happened sometime he's
gonna go and like shoot someone in the
audience or something I don't know some
guessing so anything that'll get me mad
right now that's the only thing that
would get me mad right now if he just
turns to the Carolinas we play what's
you're playing open over the same what
do you mean oh my god man this is so
this gets me so bad are you serious this
is a video or no yes oh my
yo I'm so mad I fell for this what the
hell for this nothing about how the
times I know before me I'm just smarter
than you in many different ways as I can
be mad you do you some kind of joke or
something about saying a joke so happen
that got me mad sir si bro
okay I'm gonna do Bonnie I'll pick you
up and I throw you man do it let me do
it do it do it do it I've gave me angry
man he gave me angry rose seriously bro
okay punch in your mouth do it huh do it
I'll do it trust me do it man
I won't do it do you some kind of joke
yeah I won't do it do it let me do it do
it do it faster the mouse
Miyajima yeah hey do me gang that is the
end of this video I really hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did make sure you want
to challenge yeah I can't me below who
won the challenge who do you think won
the challenge I think I kind of want
challenge I didn't really get that angry
I don't actually have that how was it
did pretty good man he told me a good
idea he entertained you guys who chat
outside Hamza Ryan I'm a plug Instagram
and follow the homie Hamza man seriously
arms that he gains everything he gets
from himself I don't want anyone out
there Sandman or Adams your uncle Adam
you uncle it's not man my whole family
they're hard workers themselves man he's
still in school right now but he's still
a hard worker
he loves YouTube he loves you guys do me
Hank so hope you guys appreciate I hope
you guys love it I'll see you guys
tomorrow 3 p.m. at do me game my
announcement tomorrow the day after is
gonna be a baby gender reveal so it's
gonna be a lot to come to then after
that get mad it's gonna tell you guys
the reason why he's been ghost he's been
Casper so I love you guys take care and
peace I love you
