I was I was I was bullied a lot
what's Papa to do me gang this is Adam
Sala and this right here is gonna be
part two we're about to get into over
right now head to comic-con part two is
gonna be a long journey and I feel like
I'm doing this video as a favor because
I've been told by them multiple times to
make a video and to help them out
because they're pretty much trapped
this is Isom hey guys what's up oh it's
a cult I'm never calling cochin got like
well I'm not a professional but a cult
leader as somebody who tries to get a
group of vulnerable people to believe
what he believes in or believe in him
and then they just get people to do
whatever they want they never questioned
the leader I always think the leader has
something holy to say in something great
yo yo seriously I don't want to like
bring in the whole Shane Dawson series
with Jake Paul on this but this is just
there no not a profession this is scary
man
okay so I'm doing part two here in this
uber drive my best I'm sorry like like
15 had to be your birthday
it's cursed fabric by the way slim was
with me like half the time because he
even said he flew out slim but some
haven't told Eunice
what line I told you this he wasn't the
one that flew you out what tell a wall
of my life yeah it was me I'm doing that
that flew telly and he never like I
never asked him for I never said oh why
is he taking all the credit he told me
he was like you can book it but just
tell him I wanted him here only because
everyone was tweeting that is her
birthday July 15 I don't want to tell
you at the time because he was there and
you wouldn't like you would've said
something you would have violated on the
spot it's better than I'm telling you
now no I mean here you're too nice of a
guys to let him take a look credit for
that bro on why he's always taking
credit for a lot of like good things
that he's doing or some like that like
so this part is part two it's about his
boys so I don't know how this is gonna
go cuz I want to try my best to like get
to talk with them and see if they can
actually you know speak about it cuz the
crazy thing is is that they're actually
scared like they literally asked me and
slim for advice on how to like how to
leave him like out of their lives I'm
gonna really know much about the issue
with them because they've known each
other like a bit longer until his two
boys they came and started asking me
slim for advice he's to make him a 24/7
literally 24/7 delete all his comments
like all his tweets that are positive he
told em I bet he's his guardian angel he
even made a man literally drop out of
school and he convinced him to quit his
job yeah he literally made him quit his
job that was the only thing that can get
him you know to be putting money and
food on his table you know he always
complained about like not paying his
bills cuz food you should never used to
pay him Bo nothing isn't that paying
Matt always ego you tell everybody he's
pay me be that thing so firstly would
make his boy do so much work he couldn't
go outside every time we'd go out have
fun have a chill time he'd be home alone
on his laptops deleting it stressed lik
I can see it in his face hasn't eaten
all day hasn't went out all day he could
have hang out with his friends
Carrington and Greg even said in all his
videos how you used to get bullied and
stuff and I feel like Busey is bullying
him he's taking advantage of him because
he's a fan and that's how he's keeping
you don't see me doing you don't see me
trying to slam yo like delete my
comments go do that for
you know like I have respect for you
your he's also a human being he also has
feelings uh yeah like pulling like slave
hours bro I swear to god it was like you
he'll miss days hanging out here homes
he'll come up to me like yo man low-key
about snap on his man bro leash you
scared a snap on him I said nigga but he
never does he'll miss snap on him he
never does anything you know he just
complains about it and then the next day
is the same thing never yeah you know
and what me haven't really really mad is
when fousey sat online that he pays him
on payroll he got him on salary that's
what made I haven't even speak to us
even more dying a lot we helped him a
lot and but I'm doing right now I'm
trying to help him like I'm literally
trying to help him out because I feel
like he's really afraid that he'd lose
everything
when he really doesn't have much to
begin with feel like if I call him right
now and it speaks him he would youwould
like that's how scared he is he wouldn't
even like respond he wouldn't want to be
a part like he'll be scared I'll give it
a try they'll let you what makes me mad
and what really drove me to making this
video was that people don't really know
Yusuf as soon as I met him I knew that I
I knew that everything on YouTube was
was a lie right for example people call
him a liar I can I could swear it to
this day I'll put it on my mom
I'll put it all I'll say what on it I'll
put on anything
deucey by his loyalty like you got him a
few things and no one ever did for him
but what did he get him what did he get
him he never picked he's gotta make it
work you know miss Flores and like that
once treat him like a human man yeah
treat him like a human being
just cuz he got a ps4 doesn't mean you
got it like you got to do everything he
does now seriously fousey treats me like
Ahmed is in depth and he buys him a ps4
and then expects him to delese comments
day and night afternoon to be there at
his beck and call whenever he needs it
whenever I'm innocent do these tasks you
boggle yes I do I was talk to me again
yes never you that was getting me more
mad like whenever I might would actually
do the work you know like there's a
thousands of comments sometimes you
would forget comments pussy would call
him on the phone and be like you left
that one comment that's it I'm not
speaking to you shut up stay home
imagine if you returned that what would
you do if you saw that's a man yes the
crazy thing is is that a man would just
sleep on it you'll go to sleep and like
wake up and like you can't do nothing
let you complain vet to me Donnie and I
would never put myself in a position so
you know from happy to have somebody
treat me like that it's just weird yeah
he's letting him you don't like these
vulnerable brother you don't have nobody
that's why just like you should know
that yeah how's Adam yeah he got me if
he needs someone to talk to I'm always
here but he's actually a cool person
like me and his own boys I just said we
connected we literally hung out the
other day they do not even want to hang
out with pussy they cheer with us like
they reconnect them or like
yeah was Papa diamond I don't grow
shelling that's enough
how's that Comic Con literally bro I
just want you to know that you're like
you're you're also like a parson knows
that you're a human being here with a
good heart inch goes on with you and
fousey and you can't really handle it
much but just know I'm here for you know
you shouldn't be scared like you
shouldn't be worried I don't want you
feeling like I feel bad like the same
thing was happening to me but fuck that
I spoke up and I know you you came to me
for advice
plenty of time you came to me for advice
plenty of time so I don't want you to
feel scared like
yo you need to wake up bro Ola
serious wake up man like I feel for you
like like I'm having combos which you
like this because I care I don't just
use you I don't just hit you up to do
something for me
have I ever asked you for anything to do
something for you to do something for me
has Youssef ever asks you to do stuff
for him every day every day and look
I treated you the same way I gave you
everything as a normal human being I
treat you like a normal human being
remember that you're a human being don't
don't feel like since you're a fan you'd
be scared you know like don't look at
you you also you're a star too man you
know he doesn't treat you like that you
teach you like literally like a piece of
garbage he the way he talks to you how
does he talk - he talks to you like
you're his like little yeah I don't want
to say that I'm outside but he talks to
you like you're his bitch pretty much oh
my god yosaku I say you I guess he's
your boss bro you gotta be your own boss
you gotta best without learn in life
yeah how old are you right now 20 21
this is a 20 beyond boss bro
don't let Noah treat you like that okay
seriously bro man the fuck up
be it man i'ma be man bro if a boss
treated me like that been gone bro
that's disrespect me treat him like a
human being just like how you treat
everyone nicely you treat each treated
me with respect
you treat him with respect you treat
everyone with respect who C does not
treat you with respect
you'll realize even Mallen mom I would
say the same thing like you I was like
yo this dude like my brother like you
know doing the whole thing I'll say yo
let you know like mom like trust me my
mom's like stop being around this dude
like he's given to me wrong he's done
you're wrong in the past he's gonna do
wrong again he done drew wrong before
he's done a bit wrong again and they're
like it's the same thing so that kept
happening to me but I'm not gonna if
that happens to me every time you know
I'm saying he's done it tens of times
and I seen it with you forty of times
I'm like you need to just grow beyond
Bostrom young
I broke him me up if anything wallet
like always anything anything I mean I
want you to know throughout this I care
like I care about you like I genuinely
you know me we had a lot of moments
together we had a lot of times a lot of
fun bro like you know all the fun yeah
I never chase live like a fan you always
treat other people with respect how he
treats you like how does he how do you
feel like you treats you yeah how do you
feel like you Chi - you could even say
like choose me mate you know say wrong
and he would bro bro that's not gonna
last long with someone you know treating
you like that literally well I'm
laughing because you have a young you be
younger the fact that you and sometimes
Drew's like you have to like shit like
you guys are kind of worried and like
kind of scared but you guys would
actually come to me and ask me for
advice about like not dealing with his
shit no more you know you even about to
making a video once remember about make
a video then out of nowhere like you
made a video showing you were loving him
like sucking up to him because that's
what he wants from you he essentially
just just came at me with the options of
just of working for him right he offered
me that job and who else would do that
for me and he's using you now by giving
you all these things giving you this
giving you that crazy immoral
you know we gotta mention that about
that I'm mainly talking about you not
like I feel bad for you because you
would come to me and like ask me for
advice about this dude that I'm talking
about right now
it's insane bro is this any book I wish
you like I wish you the best bro and
everything I'm always gonna over here so
to everyone who's watching you have a
question for you guys I want you guys to
let me know the comments below what do
you guys think because this is exactly
how I was expecting the phone call to
happen he was saying that 4c is his boss
and he works for him when he never even
paid him it's kind of scary man like
this that's pretty crazy either he's
really brainwashed or he's just really
scared scared that he lose everything
before drew knew that I was 100% coming
out with these videos he had a whole
negative outlook on how Fu's he treated
him and his friends but now that he
knows that I'm coming out with this
video seems to be afraid he changed his
whole tune about this thing and it's
kind of scary because it all comes back
to what you were saying what was it cult
well to the most serious is that the
most serious excited like some like I
know what you mean just like you know
how he's you know even though he knows
who's he's doing him wrong he's very
scared to go even his fans I haven't
told you guys they're literally like
like zombies they'll never believe that
their golden boy has done something like
this oh yes this is some of the combo
that I had with Drew I'll try my best
you know to like talk I'm guessing he's
just he doesn't really I respect that he
doesn't really want to be a part of it
and I respect that 100% I respect that
that just shows how good of a person
Drew is and how manipulative of a person
who's he is he
you see now that like being out then
there's no response you know nothing
it's easy a boy you'll be responding to
you and I'm saying he'll be he'll be
letting you know all like you'll be
talking to you what the fuck like but do
you how many times me um it you know we
spoke about this before you said we
wanted to like we didn't want that so
she hops with this dude because he's
fucked up but mostly stacked meant for
you is a little different like he was
using you to bring your rappers you know
I'm saying I use using it to bring all
the rappers you know six nine all you
know 50 cent all them that you know he
was trying to use you off that that's
funny because me and you connect more
than him yeah this dude is not the same
person that's what that sort of trying
to tell you like stop being scared
you're the Filipino version of me and
you always have that version of you and
like I know you feel you're afraid
because if you makes you feel like oh
like you'll be looked at as a snake but
if he's treating you that way
fuck that man you know imagine if you're
treating him that way what'd he do I
know I'm your boy because I treat you
with respect but he's missing you call
me a boy it's like what the fuck bro
this dude made you look bad in front of
every single rapper every single rapper
you brought you brought he made it seem
like he brought them this dude does not
give a shit about you that's I'm saying
and it's crazy how he's still saying
this in your boy so - nice bro
you can't be cool when someone keeps you
can't be cool with stomach brands you
maybe you can handle like him doing the
shit he does I knew I can't handle a
shit
I'm be honest I can handle a shit like
I'm too nice but I guess you're even
nicer you want what you are like you're
way too nice bro it's not a friend when
and then a friend with the fuck like
boat he's not my brother
he's not my fucking friend he's a
fucking little bitch that's why he's
he's a bitch that's what the fuck is
boys dude was a little motherfucking
bitch he knows he's and he's a bitch -
he saying he's a bitch - that's what
he's saying he try to use me and slim to
protect him and lip popping you guys
gonna fight you guys gonna do this for
me you're like that's not our beef what
the fuck coming from there is not your
friend someone from there is someone
from there it's done your friends that's
what when you tell me
yo is something like friend you gotta
know it's not my boy bro who's never my
brother he snaked me left the tour for
Jayco lying to set his grandma broke get
the fuck out here bro
I don't play with this shit fuck this
YouTube shit fuck a little shit bro this
is some shit that I grew up with in New
York as a brother as a fucking you know
how the boy you don't do that shit as a
boy you don't do none of that shit bro
I apologize to you for all this like you
know all this fucking pressure on this
ship my bad bro like but at the same
time I feel like I'm doing especially a
favor because he treats I'm not like a
fan he takes advantage him as a fan he
knows you you not offend you you're
you're the man that's what you are
you're the man then he leaves and he's
the fan he says you're the man who knows
all the rap you you're connected were
like you know you're well known in the
industry you grew up in New York if
someone does the shit he did you know
say like how would they react
a man I love early
