and when you're away from a slab for
years you start forgetting what Islam is
let me give you guys an example
dumi gang what is poppin I hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day breaking news tomorrow
the tickets are out for the Middle East
and Europe tour including India the
tickets will be out 6 p.m. your time you
can get the tickets at Adam salad
worldwide calm there's two special
guests coming through so stay tuned to
do me gang I want every single one of
you guys every one of my rotted eyes to
get their tickets before they are out
cannot wait Middle East you're up in
Mumbai India I will see you guys real
soon I did a lot of shopping in Tokyo
Japan and then it really gets a vlog it
so look let me show you guys what I got
I went to this place where they only
have one size fits all and I found this
sweater it says love and the next time I
wear something that I got from Japan I
will show you guys because they are fire
do me yank literally the whole Adams
family they're coming to my house today
and I will be filming our new intro I
know if he wants to go outside I was
filming it and I didn't really like it
so this time I want it to meet my
standards so I can have a new intro to
the Adam Salah vlogs if you guys are
feeling good - do me a Miss you guys
give this vlog a giant thumbs up if you
guys are not feeling good still give
this vlog a giant thumbs up and watch
the vlog so it can make your day better
I'm here with the homie Ollie Mawson and
Rima we are waiting for the rest of the
Adams family to come through it is
raining outside it's so ugly outside
what's poppin how you guys doing it
don't go to church members in hitting
hey Dad hey you don't eat hands he eats
anything that he sees you're like a just
like a Cookie Monster look look he's
gonna eat it
he's trying to eat hands he's not
shutting through - okay I'm gonna put
him down before he throws up on ya I'm
putting you down well I putting you down
guys we got Baba salah in this building
what's up you guys are like my favorite
duo
Watson and Watson and there's Ali and
Reema you guys kind of look alike
yeah but still they can still look alike
hey must mustn't close a door when
you're using the bathroom I don't know
why I closed the door usually whatever I
close the door he locks himself in
because a few weeks ago this dude like
himself and we have to break the
doorknob look I'll keep it open wash
your hands wash hands go wash your hands
why does Nesi go wash your hands okay
why why don't you wanna watching hands I
want to know his reasoning why what do
you say so only girls wash their hands
what mustn't go wash your hands boys and
girls wash their hands yes they do I
wash my hands yes it's okay for your boy
go wash your hands so you're not gonna
wash your hands
I know more handshakes for you bub now
give me no handshake all right guys so
Rima has this head job in her hands and
she was telling me what were you telling
her what are you name him Alya but why
do what you want her brother
Mawson is good but he's a brother is
good you know he could be so busy all
right so we're gonna put this head job
on Ali because I feel like Ali looks a
lot more like Rima so I feel like we put
the head job is gonna look even more
like Rima so let's see and find out
let's do it you got his whip right here
you grab nasty Julie hands me Ali with
you know he looks a lot like Rima what
Allah giving so much like yeah hi oh he
likes it what's them all right guys
fought beliefs af just got here and the
reason why I know staff just got here is
because it's super loud whenever it's
loud is because the homie say F is here
say what's up CF PlayStation forum you
don't want to say hi to me yo come here
self come over here why such a bad boy
huh I'll give it to you my G I seen it
on the floor gimme can i buy it off you
how much nothing really I would have
been like a thousand dollars yo guys I
love it so much for my sister's come
over because one of my sisters made this
lasagna and she is known for her lasagna
so thank you so much I love you so much
it is banging about to dig in right now
so guys more of the do me gang members
are here but this is a sad moment
because one of them I can't really blog
her right now but she's holding Ali
what's that Valley how you doing you
okay pinkie pie one washes box this is
how I'm training the homie mustn't I'm
gonna make him a chance
Jack bring your head back yes Jack
fastest go Jack keep going
Jack right hand right hand give me all
right hand come on let's go right hand
keep this hand up keep that hand up keep
that hand up right now go keep going it
hard yo he has a lot of power my shut up
for for yo one two one
don't do that go higher go one two come
on come on let's go
keep going this one okay do me yank so
I'm gonna talk about something a little
different I don't know if you guys have
heard about Zayn Malik but he had an
interview with Vogue magazine and he
said some stuff about his religion which
is Islam and now he is no longer Muslim
to be honest I don't know if he's no
longer Muslim or not but with the stuff
that he said it makes it seem like that
he doesn't believe in Islam no more when
I first heard about this I didn't want
to believe it you know because I'm a big
Zayn Stan so I didn't want to believe it
man my heart was broken I'm like no it
can be I need to come out as mom I need
I can't just see the words I need to see
him and hear him say it but it turns out
that it's actually true they Malik said
I don't believe you need to eat a
certain meat that's been prayed over a
certain way I don't believe you need to
read a prayer in a certain language five
times a day I don't believe any of it oh
man
oh man to be honest i'ma be honest I'm
not surprised and I'm not shocked in any
way I mean obviously I am kind of
heartbroken because when I first knew
about One Direction I was 18 years old
and I loved the fact that One Direction
had a Muslim person in their band which
was Zayn Malik he is from Pakistan and
also from the UK so it was cool seeing
like a Muslim you know be that
mainstream there was even at times who
would be like assalamu alayka me to
speak Arabic Salaam alaikum it's in here
I'll meet you soon inshallah I even read
his book and in his book is said that he
studied Islam who want some messages
read the hood and around three times but
a doobie gang I'm here to give you guys
the truth about Zayn Malik leaving Islam
because I feel like I have a little bit
of clues and why he doesn't believe in
Islam anymore by the way guys do not be
angry do not bash him do not curse him
all you can do is pray for him and say
may Allah guide him and may Allah bless
him to the right path but this is what I
think this is my opinion my conspiracy
you guys don't have to agree with me but
this is what I think actually happens as
a Muslim you are not allowed to get
tattoos so I feel like the moment Zayn
got big and got his first tattoo that
right there is a big no-no because the
moment you have one tattoo even if it's
a small little tattoo in your head
you're like oh wow
tattoos are forbidden in Islam this is
crazy man I have a tattoo I'm pretty
much going to hell let me just get
another tattoo and then it keeps adding
up getting more tats he got really big
he became mainstream to the point where
he doesn't even see his family anymore
because I remember when Zayn Malik's
sisters came to my show in Bradford I
seen his sister well Lea she had a head
job on and I was like wow she's wearing
hijabs Zayn Malik's sister is wearing a
head job she always shows that you know
she's Muslim she's close to Islam
because I believe she's around her
family that keeps her around Islam so I
feel like Zane Malik did not have that
he became so mainstream that he rarely
sees his family I even asked well Lea I
told her how often do you see Zane your
brother Zane and she said like once a
year or once in every two years I didn't
say anything at the moment but in my
head I was like wow like this dude
doesn't really go to visit or see his
family so since he got a bunch of
tattoos became mainstream and still is
mainstream for years and years living
alone in LA with his girlfriend that
means he's been away from his lamp for
years and when you're away from a slab
for years you start forgetting what
Islam is let me give you guys an example
fouseytube
by the way guys I'm not judging anyone
I'm here to give you guys my thoughts my
conspiracy theory as I said you guys do
not have to agree but hear me out so
fouseytube left his family wants to go
live in LA and got a bunch of tattoos
did his thing on YouTube for so long to
the point where he also forgot what
Islam is and the reason why I know that
because me and foo see we ended up going
to the Masjid and the chef told him to
Rhys a his Shahada
because even Susi was having second
thoughts about being Muslim all I can
say is fouseytube
as much beef that we got I am praying
for you and I do wish you the best and
may Allah guide you to the right path so
the same thing was Zane but sane is on
another mainstream level imagine living
alone away from your family with your
girlfriend not for one year not for two
years but for like five six seven years
and imagine not praying or not having
anyone around you to tell you anything
about Islam about Muslims you know to
remind you of what Islam is you start
forgetting
everything and then after that you start
losing Islam and that's one of the main
reasons I never moved out to LA I never
moved out to anyplace alone I decided to
stay here with my family because I feel
like family is the best family always
comes first family keeps you grounded
family keeps you humble and with a
Muslim family it will keep you close to
Islam close to your religion so with me
I'm constantly around my dad praying I'm
constantly around my mom going to Jamaat
prayer I'm constantly around the Muslim
teachers who teach my family the kids
and my family so me living with my
family keeps me really close to Allah I
mean even if you live alone you should
always stay close to Allah but sometime
it gets out of hand and you tend to
forget literally dooming I have nothing
written I'm saying this from like the
bottom of my heart that is what I truly
believe in now zayn has forgotten so
much about islam that he's just thinking
negative about everything thanks praying
five times a day is wrong I mean with
other religions they pray different but
with Islam you've got to pray five times
a day I'm still a big fan of Zayn Malik
that would never change I love his music
I love his voice I love his personality
all we can do now is pray for a lot to
guide him saying Malik if you're
watching this I know you've been away
from his lab for so long just think
about it it's not that hard man you were
born a Muslim and it would be really
cool if you can come back and become a
Muslim Andrey say your Shahada
because look look at Habib he's in the
limelight he's in a freaking mainstream
light right now and he's still saying
and I'm too last still close but maybe
that's because he's always with his
family with his dad in this country as I
said or do my gang whenever you leave
your family especially as a Muslim
person whenever you leave your family
and rarely see them again you start
forgetting Islam so Zayn we're here
praying for you we still support you we
love you and we wish you the best
so do me getting I am wrapping up this
vlog here if you guys agree with me make
sure you guys give this vlog a giant
thumbs up I want to see how many of you
guys actually agree with me and let me
know in the comments below what do you
guys think that's what I truly think
because I'm telling you guys right now
if I did ever accept the offers that I
had to move out to LA I feel like I
would be a completely different person
so alhamdulillah I'm thankful to be here
with my family always around me to
always keep me grounded and to still be
doing what I love do me a I'll see you
guys tomorrow make sure you guys
subscribe because I upload every single
day
you guys so much for you let me support
I love you guys and I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and pitch I love you
