hey guys what's up I'm Adam this is one
of my coolest nieces her name is Haley
your guys look at this golf cap look at
this dumi gang golf cap hey guys what's
up and do me yank I hope you're having
an amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day actually I need to start
making my flags I hope you're having an
amazing night because I'm having an
amazing night because every time I wake
up in this side of the world it is
nighttime look this is this is the time
I freaked away it's nighttime and it's
night and raining this is like from the
steam that's how hot it is outside but I
already know it's always gonna be a
lip-lock I've been wearing what you guys
have been giving me in my shows and me
Therese literally this hat this shirt
all of these bandanas I appreciate it so
so much and I want you guys to know that
I actually do use them and I always do
read your letters as much as I can and I
appreciate it so much so do me thank you
guys so much I've always ride or die for
you guys just like how you guys always
ride I die for me I will always do the
same for you guys I'm just one phone
call away and that is my Instagram Adam
style Hey all right guys that literally
went down the elevator and look what we
saw this is so ran I don't know who put
this to be honest but it says Adam solid
Malaysia tour fans meet and greet our
Studios second floor West Wing that's
what we're gonna do it tomorrow we got
the homie knob we've made it not to me
we made it to the hotel we made it we
made it we made enough room it's gonna
be a sick time because they change what
you think I got your hotel room on see
your name written yeah you made it like
it's gonna be a show too so I cannot
wait
Malaysia you guys always turn up crazy
so it's gonna be wild I'll see you okay
do me yank I just got back to the hotel
I have some really bad news to talk to
you guys about you guys already probably
know what I'm about to talk about
because I set it on Twitter before I
talk to you guys about the bad news my
older brother you've lied with Rima
Mawson and Eileen here it is
we got the homie Red Ranger here you
have you sword today huh we had that
girl we got the homie baby
Ali how you doing Ali say hi Ali Ali
just busy
he wants to specify all the time I was
gonna cry Ali oh you didn't cry this
time hi Ali
hi busy in his own world say hi say hi
do me gay what are you doing okay we
spot a nigga Ali standing and walking
his tennis pillow say hi to the camera
say hi say hi to the camera
I'm sorry guys I didn't buy Ali cast oh
I'm sorry
Ali I drew bio costume she's still a
baby for a customer he's not gonna know
teddy bear next year until Ali becomes 1
then I'll buy him a costume okay okay
we're getting so big he's almost
six-month now you want the camera here
take it take take a dummy game yeah
wanna go go go I'm thinking to do a
giveaway you wanna do a giveaway the
giveaway is I'm giving away baby hmm
Madison what are you doing you're going
trick-or-treating in your own house this
is this is for the other kids what about
you reminds me I know but this candy is
for the other kids later we gonna get
our own candy
and whose kid is this Fremont the four
Wow
Rita Reema you're going
trick-or-treating
can I have some of your candy later
Oh Reema Reema this is this is our first
time going through you're going
trick-or-treating in and yeah we got
Rafi the house hey Rafi I like your
costume
what kind of costume is it to costume in
the same time ralphus Jason and Captain
America is crazy we are getting up for
customers zombie in our army Maxton you
got some candy Wow let's go let's keep
on going this house the buck is getting
too heavy
Mawson you had fun today how many candy
you have
that's a la Muhsin how many rooms can
you share with me thank you
Lima how much have you much thank you
guys for watching us and NYC we miss you
guys we miss Adam Adam is not giving you
presents
ok when he comes just gonna give you the
presents ok thank you
peace peace a bye in do me yank I hope
you guys enjoy that my brother finally
focused the camera got it fixed though
aid congratulations
you know how to focus the camera now but
right now it is the moment of truth
so it's gonna be really hard to explain
this earlier today while nas was giving
me my haircut he's not only a manager
he's also a barber a sick Silas
literally sick no stylist and 8 now
woody yeah right after I was done with
my haircut I wanted to do a little video
a FaceTime video with Hyland than Haley
and my whole family that broke out the
news to me saying that Haley won't be in
vlogs anymore you guys do not know who's
highly then you're living under a rock
I just one of my niece's who's always
venema of lives from the start hey guys
this is when my coolest nieces her name
is Haley what is the capital of Turkey
yeah destroy a little math test the
capital of turkeys she's always been
with me she's always been by my side
literally the whole of Douma gang
watched Haley grow she started off doing
of lines with me when she was like 7
years old now she's 13 years old
seriously you guys don't understand like
how sad I am right now how heartbroken I
am because Haley Haley someone that I
love so so much she's someone if I ever
wanted a little sister I would want her
to be like Heidi
Hine has always been so real so straight
up so funny an amazing role model to
everyone she's played a big part in my
life and she's played a big part with my
whole use of a career and a whole big
part with a dumi gang - I know a lot of
you guys are asking why she isn't gonna
be in of lives anymore I've seen a lot
of you guys tweeting me but if you guys
can just please respect that decision it
is a personal reason maybe I'll tell you
guys I don't know next week when I get
home or maybe I'll let you guys know in
a year - when I can't say for now please
please please if you guys can't please
respect the decision seriously me and
Haley were literally crying and it
wasn't really like a sad or angry cry it
was more like she will be missed
even though I will still be seeing her
how I normally do is just really
heartbreaking and really sad because I
know you guys all gonna miss Haley I'm
gonna miss her so much I'm gonna miss
her being right next to me right by my
side I was trying my best to make a cute
edit of me and Haley throughout the
years but I'm in Malaysia right now and
the Wi-Fi doesn't let me download any
YouTube videos I'll probably do it when
I'm back home I want to give a little
message to Haley because I know she's
gonna be watching this Haley I just want
to say thank you so so much being with
me be by my side the last six years
thank you for being the person you are
he changed my life in many many ways you
helped me out in so many ways because
that's so many times when I was down you
brought me up not only with just me but
also with the whole ado me gang every
time I go on tours and do the shows
everyone always asks about Haley
hi that you have made a big impact in
everyone's life including mine thank you
so much for having that impact I promise
you Hannah you will never ever be
forgotten you will always be my baby
niece I will always be there for you no
matter what even though you're not vlogs
anymore and I know you feel a bit down
to not being and vlog but I just want
you to be happy because we got to spend
the last 6 years together making vlog
doing it
when videos having so much fun but hey
guys Hilah was nice enough to make you
guys one more last video of her final
message she wanted to thank you guys for
everything that you guys have done
seriously I'm trying my best not to be
like emotional because I'm still
thinking positive thoughts like she's
still gonna be with me she's still gonna
be there I'm not gonna like low-key I am
really like heartbroken because she's
not gonna be on vlogs and I know you
guys will miss her it's just like you
know it's like an emotional moment but
at the same time I'm so happy we got to
have so many memories I do me gag I want
each and every single one of you guys
thumbs up this video for Hilah one light
equals one respect violin guys this is
Haley's final message hey guys this is
like my third try trying to make this
video I'm suing that Adam told you
already the newest I'm not gonna be
involved anymore
and I just want to say I'm not gonna be
in vlogs anymore because personal
reasons really
dumb reasons and I don't think Adam
eGain you for all supporting me and
showing me love thank you very much I
really appreciate it and I would take
Adam because it was so much fun being a
vlogs inside the chest I'll complain but
don't worry I'm still having fun behind
the camera with the family just not
gonna see it as much but yeah I just
want to thank all you guys for your
support in love and and yeah I'm still
gonna be posting on Instagram so you're
not gonna see me as much as you need to
tell me before and I was barely in the
videos before but yeah basically not
gonna be in a full suit but also I've
never really asked for anything like
this but if you guys can please please
send me edits of mean Highland all the
memories we've ever had I would truly
appreciate I will show you guys in
tomorrow's vlog you can tweet me or
Instagram any edits of me and Highland
um I don't really know what else to say
other than Highland I love you so much
we all love you so much as I said you
made a big impact in everyone's life and
you left the big legacy in my vlogs
thank you so much seriously you do not
understand like it's like I owe you more
than my life sir
I'm trying to like yeah I understand
like I know it's weird but like I'm not
gonna cry I'm not I'm not not I have a
show tomorrow I can't cry all I'm gonna
say is highlight you will always be
remembered you will forever be in our
hearts I love you from the bottom of my
heart and I can't wait to see you when
I'm back home I am ending the vlog here
once again I am so so sorry that I can't
really say the reason if you guys can
just respect it and I promise you guys
in Charlotte soon I will let you guys
know as of now the whole Adams family
they will still be in the vlogs
other than Haley I really don't want to
end this video you guys don't know I
don't want to end this video because I
know it's like the last video with how
to solder you want to end it I let's say
smiling please say smiling promise you
many more smiles to come because I will
be with you no matter what - just
remember that I always be with you
forever no matter what have a show
literally today in Kuala Lumpur and
after that we're going to the secret
location so it's gonna be dope secret
location vlogs and then after that
November 7 November 8 I will finally be
back home with the Adams family so do me
give me like 6 to 7 days and you guys
will see the whole Adams family and then
two weeks after that is my little
brother's wedding so stay tuned the do
me gang this month November is gonna be
an insane month it sucks that I have to
start off like this
I always think positive haters love you
so much I'll post some edits of you and
I tomorrow I love you take care love ya
a man I love early
