dumi game this is gonna be really long
as you guys know i uploaded a video
yesterday part zero of the real truth
about fouseytube
today it's part one i know a lot of you
guys have asked me questions what did he
do and the answer is he's done a lot I
gave this dude so many chances so I
decided to make part one about
everything that he's done to me
literally from the start all the way to
the end to what triggered me to doing
this especially his own boys I'm doing
his boys favor which is coming in part
soon as you guys know I was not really
close to fouseytube
until a few months ago the first time I
traveled with fouseytube is when we went
to Dubai when he got signed under my
label called 1finity and he also had to
deal with money kicks at the time in
Dubai which went really wrong that's
another issue not with me with the money
kick so I didn't think you're even
welcoming to buy anymore but one of the
first times I got to know him when he
asked to go on tour with me that's what
you actually get to know the person when
you travel with them I want to thank
Adam and Naz because I asked them to
come on this tour which is a big thing
because they're letting me like you do
me getting I know how strong you guys
are as I said in part 0 a lot of you
guys did not want me to bring him on
tour with me but I didn't want to be
like a mean guy I'd be like no you can't
go on tour I was I don't know I just
didn't want to be rude I thought it'd be
a cool thing to do I thought I'd give
him the benefit of the doubt but I
really didn't know what I was getting
myself into so boom the tour starts I
believe it was like June 30th we're
getting meet in LA and go to Australia
and kick on our first show in Australia
which was the next day we go and do the
first show the first show was amazing
but it was only amazing during the
moment because the first thing that
pissed me off was literally the first
day of the show we did this video with
this kid who got cancer brought him
onstage he was doing like his
motivational speaking if cancer is
stronger than you you have the heart of
a lion you have people that love you I
love you honestly I can't thank you
another I wanna stay in contact with you
and I want to ensure that we can do
something about this and I will
everything in my ability I'm actually
gonna have an insulin I'll bring you
backstage after this so we can talk and
I can get all your information he
literally had nothing planned by the way
for his motivational speaking nothing
planned at all like literally nothing he
went up on stage and just start just
talking and then I don't know where who
choose someone in the audience and
literally lie to them at the moment I
thought was legit like this is my first
time I'm like wow this dude is actually
gonna pay for his chemotherapy he's
gonna do this he's gonna do that he even
brought the kids family backstage I saw
him talking to them saying I'm gonna
make sure to pay for a chemotherapy I'm
gonna make you guys happy
he just kept giving them crazy promises
and in my head I'm like wow that's
that's amazing you know like whoa like
you're very inspirational so then a few
days go by and I believe he started a
GoFundMe for him
he kept making false promises to the kid
and at the time I was his boss my team
was 1finity so the kid and his family
they would contact to infinity they
would tell us oh it's food soup gonna
pay for our chemotherapy as he said and
then when we go to fouseytube and ask
him he would literally like dry it off
like you know just rub it off and say he
did it go fund me I mean I understand
you did a GoFundMe it just sent me so
much that you were handing out empty
promises like he does it so easily
giving out false promises so easily so
literally the first few days of tour I
was already getting kind of pissed off
but I was still trying to give him the
benefit of the doubt that was the first
red flag for me the second red flag was
when he wanted to do July 15 and wanted
us to remove three of the cities who
another date which was Singapore
Malaysia and Indonesia all because he
wants it to do July 15 you see the thing
is that you guys do not know is that
he's a real diva I mean I don't really
put that diva shit but I don't mind it I
know some people in life are divas and
that's just that's just how life is he
chose to be a diva so I guess I could
put up with that I've met a lot of diva
and his whole July 15 thing was all
started in a dinner in Australia I'm
gonna get to that in part 3 so then
Posey started telling me Adam I'm gonna
do this amazing thing July 15 watch it's
gonna change the world I need your help
please Adam I need you to help me so
then I felt bad I was like fine I'll go
it looks like July 15 is gonna be cool
so while I was with him in LA there was
a lot of red flag a lot of shit that he
did I wasn't triggered yet so he did his
whole July 15 show everyone was there me
keemstar was there Adam 22 Alex wasabi
faze rug other than Youssef the dude
wasn't there and then out of nowhere I
got a call from his girl not from him
saying Adam we need you to emcee to host
the event and I was like yo really I
didn't sign up for this to go host this
it's not it's not my event I could have
been doing my own tour in Singapore
Malaysia and don't need you hosting my
own tour doing my own tour why am I here
doing that being the nice guy that I am
I did it I hosted it I kind of embarrass
myself but to be honest I didn't know I
was gonna even do that and that was
another red flag but still I kept my
cool this is what got me really mad a
few days later Lucy wanted to go see
loads in and Adam 22 store in Melrose
and we got fucking show
aka poppy in the building look at this
pussy meets little Xin I fuck with your
message I fuck with you as a person
before your music I like I tell myself
when I see a rose now God wanted me to
be in that position that's why I carry a
rose so there's a rose I was supposed to
meet you off yeah you know it's kind of
crazy because Lausanne was there
everyone was in that role and that
fouseytube told me slim Kai's am edwahii
literally all of us to pull up with him
so we're like cool ok Louisiana's gonna
be cool let's see boom we go we meet up
in Melrose
Lucy was with lit papi you know the guy
that simply like so then all of us were
walking to Adam 22-story place where he
does his podcast so he can go see little
Zen and then BOOM booth he panics he
goes crazy he's like I don't know
Adam he brought me to a corner and he
was like Adam Adam someone is
threatening me and lit poppy they're
saying that they're gonna jump me are
you gonna hit them for me are you gonna
take a bullet for me literally that's
exactly how he said it and then I was
telling him I was like yo bro this is
not my beef you called yourself into so
much beef cursing out DJ academics
cursing out youtubers who did nothing to
you and then you expect me to take a
bullet for you even when I told him no
man I trying to get into your beef you
kept saying Adam then just walk in front
of us and make sure everything is good
and I'm like what the you want me to
walk in front and be your bulletproof
what if someone tries to shoot and it
comes at me and it's your beef you know
that's not something I'm up for it how
do you expect me to take a bullet for
you in just a few years ago I mean you
have so much beef and you would talk so
much shit about me to everyone I said
never say nothing you hated me for no
reason
how do you expect me to take a bullet
for you so I believe lit poppy didn't
know about this because foo sees the one
that put me in the side he didn't do it
in front of it Bobby because he was
trying to show that his boys take a
bullet for him but no I'm not gonna get
hurt for your beef that was the third
flag and like an idiot I kept giving him
the benefit of the doubt because once
again his girl called me because I told
her I'm like I'm done I'm leaving she
was like do you know how Yusuf will feel
if you leave how he feels what about my
feelings did he care about my feelings
when he put me under pressure and told
me to host his freakin July 15 event he
didn't even have a host they literally
told me last second last second I had to
save it in host and it put me under so
much pressure man so then I ended up
staying in LA but while I was in LA even
his own boys his two on boys kept
telling me how much of a scumbag he is
the way he treats them but we're gonna
talk about that in part two but that was
not it dumi it kept going so have you
guys know
we had a UK tour we're supposed to be me
and fousey so the whole time I thought
Lucy was going to the UK tour with me
but then out of nowhere he was trying to
get on stage with Jay Cole and he
started telling music Adam I might
cancel the tour but I might not and I'm
like why why would you do that like
literally in a week and he said I'm
gonna try to get on stage with Jay Cole
I was kind of confused I was like so
hope you're leaving the tour for people
who paid to go to the tour which is the
fans and you're also leaving your
so-called brother just so you can go on
stage with Jay Cole no how would you
feel if I don't know I'm just like yo
Lucy I'm gonna leave the tour because I
want to try my best to get on stage with
Zayn Malik screw the feds screw the tour
screw you my brother I want to go on
stage with Zayn Malik yeah so then I
respected his decision I was like cool
let me know if you're gonna go or not he
gave me no answer I usually always
promote the tour he affected me in my
tour by me not promoting it because he
doesn't know yet if he's gonna get on
stage with Jay Cole how selfish can you
be
there was five days to go for the UK
tour and he still hasn't given me or my
manager and answered four days ago
still no answer three days to go still
no answer my whole team even booked
hotels extra security extra photography
so much extra ish like so much they
wasted so much money everything was
already booked beforehand and literally
a week before you're saying you might
not go all that brother this brother
that aside that was the most
unprofessional thing that I've ever had
to deal with throughout my whole YouTube
career so literally the day before the
UK tour starts that's when he cancels he
goes Adam let's do a FaceTime I didn't
know he's gonna say this part I don't
know if it's true or not but he said
that his grandma was sick but I truly
believe he was using that as an excuse
because he was trying to go on stage
with Jay Cole something for his own
benefit that's something that I really
noticed he only talks to people if it's
something for his own good so I
respected his decision I want to go to
the UK tour I didn't even want to speak
to him anymore he was trying to take me
away from 1finity my team to sign me
into
his own team called roar productions he
kept trying to manipulate me and get me
out of my team and I he allows playing
along with it so I can get a feeling of
what he's trying to do he was literally
trying to sign me trying to put me under
his wing and still calling me brother
and I'm like bro you must be crazy I
told him straight up no I'm not joining
your raw production you could shove that
shit up yeah but guys this is the main
thing this is what broke the camel's
back this is what made me do this the
tour was done I was trying to live my
own life my own way we ended up making a
loss because of fousey my whole team my
whole infinity team no like Adam we
don't care we're gonna tell fousey to
pay it back because that's not right you
shouldn't be doing that I was trying to
comment down I was think it's all good
just ignore it who cares shit happens I
ain't gonna lie even though he owed a
big amount of money I was still trying
to just keep it aside and continue on
with my life but he just kept going he
was trying to do this event called
September 15
I don't know much of you guys know about
it and he was asking me the same thing
for help and right away I said no I
ain't doing under that shit and then he
got mad and a few days later he calls my
manager threatens to sue infinity he was
literally threatening me and my whole
team and he was also saying how he used
his face to promote the tour what you
mean we use your face on tour the tour
was me and you so I don't even know what
the heck you're talking about you just
have a really big ego and the crazy
thing is the tour was initially my tour
it was supposed to be my own tour or ass
lad I'm tour that's how I always do my
tour you asked me to get on tour
literally it took me some time to think
and I'm doing who said yes and you
seriously have the nerve to try and
threaten us you rat that's what
triggered me the most while he was doing
all this on the internet he was telling
everyone that he's deleting his social
media and leaving the country but he
wasn't he was threatening me my team
instead so then this is what we did I'm
like you know what invoice him that's
all my team to invoice him the money
that he owed so that my team invoiced
him and from then never applied ever
again he hit up his boy his two boys to
talk to me to tell me to drop it but now
it's in my team's hands if you ever
treat me the way you treat your boys I
punch you straight in the mouth because
the way you treat them is horrendous
it's pitiful it's disgusting
I don't know how another human being
could treat someone like that and
actually call them their friend Brennan
microrna hi guys I'm on the phone right
now with my manager Naz what's up yeah
what's up doing good you what do you
want to start because you have a whole
different
that's so true he said Oh yo that's so
true this dude said that we're using
this dude used Rick's face
in your life yeah that's what he was
trying to threaten you you trying to
threaten you because you're promoting a
tour that like that what what I'm just
confusing a tour that
zombies because
we even let it slide even after no jaqen
thing but when he came at the lawsuit
that's when that's when we're like we're
not playing
yeah agree to do something
- come on at all when you agreed to come
on a show you agreed to do this with
your friend hey man just yo but you know
seriously a month yeah I know I know
there's so much there's so much that he
did that that you know got it to the red
flag to realize how he actually is he's
a greedy selfish you're always gonna get
people saying that but just know he's or
that ruined like this
he's when I made this tour go like i'ma
have this video part one settle with you
guys until tomorrow be ready for part
two
thank you guys so much for lemma support
I'll see you guys tomorrow
a man I love early
