alright guys we just got done with the
lipstick I mean remark officially gonna
name her Lima say cheese guys today's
about to be really really crazy I find
hey guys what's up for do me gang I hope
you all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having a voice know your voice okay do
me Hank so the reason why we're quiet is
because me and Rima were pranking Mawson
today so let me tell you guys what
happened because this was all Remes idea
we don't want to see us here because we
have to sneak outside and go buy a wig
and then come back here and pretend
we're doing a challenge video with
Mawson and then me and Remo we're gonna
turn Muhsin into a girl because Remo
wants a baby sister so she's gonna make
marsett a girl and you're gonna have a
baby sister
high-five dad got you back girl I can
hear Mawson right now playing with his
car the thing is me and Rima have to
escape without him knowing so we can get
the weight but if he sees his leaving
and going outside he's gonna go crazy
and want to go outside with us and
that's gonna ruin the whole print so
Rima you think we got this we can go get
the wig and come back okay I like that I
like that all right so you seem to put
my sense out my dad's room and the mean
air will sneak out you just hide right
now hide in my room and I'm gonna go to
moss and put him on my dad and I'm gonna
take you and we go okay hey I have I
rely upon cuz teamwork makes the dream
work
what are you doing right here okay go
ahead
oh hi babban let's go together cuz I
gotta go outside what do you have a
behind your back
hey those are my coins yes it is you
just took a right now is on the floor
yes it is say all you can handle October
1st yeah well she's not here I'm sorry
alright you're gonna go ahead go do and
I'll see you after I come back cuz I got
that I have to go outside and handles a
business ok yeah come yes I do do you
love it that much
I feel so bad that we had to do this to
him but it's Remos idea it's her first
time ever pranking you mmm he loves his
sister so much
mother where you going huh she's not
here she's not here monster no one's
here Mosin you're on top of my shoe yeah
no one's here what are you making a
slide yeah don't worry nothing in always
here just come just a big fat mess come
on let's go come on what are you doing
you're swinging ok oh you have to go
okay
give me a high five I love you baby who
is it who is it
why are you like a shadow mustard I'm
changing why are you a nerd I have to
change I'll see you okay yes I have to
do you want to follow me everywhere I go
you can't you're not a lot of followed
me everywhere I go yeah yes I'm gonna go
outside and change okay Mohsen you wanna
play hide and seek
yes I will definitely I had to see I'm
gonna count to ten and you're gonna go
inside there and hide okay
all right one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten
where's Moxon we made it out
Mawson he's still home we're gonna go
get the wig then after that we'll come
back and prank Mawson you ready to have
a baby sister yes and let's get to
loving you outside and push let's do it
let's do it man what's your name again
Kevin Kevin guys mom and Kevin used to
go to my old high school Manhattan all
right agreed ya know
can you tell them how like crazy in
battle I'd love to know it's the truth
he was really really bad he actually
bullied me I did I'm sorry I'm so sorry
I probably forgot your faces of yeah so
so sorry there's so many years ago there
I mean I know yeah I'm planning on
visiting probably tomorrow or a couple
days from now
Wow I'll be Monday yeah Dave I'm so
sorry I'm sorry don't worry it's just I
apologize not at school I don't meet
because I was really young and I was
like I don't know he uh I've changed a
lot
yeah I know and I might try to hide
myself like being Muslim in Middle
Eastern slice to have to like do dumb
stuff for people to like yeah not think
about not think about me being Muslim I
don't know it's a long story I don't
know if you know the story but um I do
yeah yeah I don't
I've watched a lot of your vlog you did
yeah man I appreciate it guys that means
so much this marks TouchSmart so much I
appreciate if I'm a captain that's good
don't bully anyone okay then you talking
to him when you are damn Brima just
pulled me out of the spot man I feel so
bad like seriously this high school that
I went to was probably the one of the
worst craziest experiences I've had in
my life and I promise you guys I'm gonna
visit that high school and I will let
you guys know every single detail
hopefully if they let me in it's just
that school they never expected me to
like do what I'm doing right now and
being successful so everyone is pretty
much shocked like the whole school they
expected me to be in jail I got to keep
grinding and keep going everyone we got
to keep getting a wig let's go here well
once we given
I like pink oh we should just give him a
normal one so you can look like your
sister yeah
remember the last time I was here I
bought fake hair to Pam to prank you ha
ha ha I'm sorry but now we're pranking
Mawson which i feel so bad for you
swapping the house fine out looking all
over me - Reema Reema
let's go choose the hair that looks like
that your little sister would want that
you would want your little sister to
have which one this one you like that
one with cotton like yours that should
be good just pull that weave off Wolper
head is still here Wow huh you know your
baby sister you're gonna hit your baby
wow they're colours will you put this on
like a grandma grandma Rima hi guys
mission accomplished we got the wig we
got a run back home and pretend we're
doing a challenge video with moslim you
ready long bye bye ladies
hi why I beat you I'm joking no more
crushes hi guys we're back
we got the wig lady right here I don't
know Boston we're gonna see you in a few
I do need ank we're back home we're
about to start the challenge with Lawson
he's inside with his iPad right now
ought to bring him in okay sassy girl so
let's bring him in imagine he was still
hiding from like hide-and-seek let's
bring him in like this I six seven eight
nine ten
ready or not here I come that's the
longest 10 seconds ever so this was
written to each one show us yeah so
how's it going good are you ready
you sure okay sounds good hi guys were
about to get a dress tried to get some
makeup
we got the wig and let's see how it goes
mozzie ready let's see you stand up he's
so innocent have you saw it at the
ligands day I'm sorry it's all Reema's
idea hi guys we're about to start this B
are a and K on this kid right here I
feel like Rima made me buy all these
toys so she can use it as a distraction
huh
so she can use it as a distraction from
Austin right here you got some more toys
mm-hmm all right guys I have lipstick
eyeliner oh sorry lipstick eyeliner
makeup makeup and a boiled egg Rima
knows her makeup I was really good are
you ready to do a muffin we're gonna
start off with a makeup I'm washing did
you put on you how would the heck do you
known you're six what the hell she's
putting on her hands first this is so
weird I remember I'll do the makeup tag
with Rima a couple years back maybe like
three years ago and now I'm ah she wants
a baby sisters over okay Wow Mawson it's
gonna look really really pretty
plus I'm here put some there nice little
Kiki cheeks okay nothing to keep only
put some of the nose for some here
yeah Wow rimas putting so much makeup on
him he's gonna look like a cake face
said Jesus cheese there's even makeup on
his lips hi guys I have the eyeliner
right now I'm gonna put on Rima first
just so Mawson can go after and I'm kind
of scared cuz this eyeliner right here I
don't know it's just really scary so
thin and it's so close to the eye I feel
like you could just poke someone all
right guys I'm gonna put some Remo and
I'm gonna like look prettier I give it
like this design it was like a flower
kind of design wow you look so pretty
Rima so I'm going to the mirror looks
beautiful what do you mean what do you
mean over here I didn't really want to
like poke your eye so I just did in the
side your eye you was it close your eyes
close it oh my god okay Wow guys makeup
by Adam right here Wow look at this
beauty right here yeah I did it pretty
good
alright guys Remos about to put the
lipstick on Mawson boss and say cheese
say cheese
what's the color the color is red I've
never seen a three old boy this excited
and happy
he's just do this with your lips careful
because you gotta make it perfect you
know wow wow my little cutie what should
we neither room Lena Lena Lena alright
guys we just got done with the lipstick
mean remark especially gonna name her
Lena say cheese cheese brie hands in
Lena hey Lena oh my god
Lena can't fit inside this and now the
moment of truth
it's the wig right here don't move
and we have officially gotten baby Wow
muslin actually looks all right for a
girl
guys like we're doing a thumbnail and my
mother looks so much like Rima but she
was yeah yeah I'm dead oh I miss Remo
issues it's I'm spitting you like scary
lady in the movies now ready good yeah
get do yes look at me you know this is
hilarious Lina let's never tidy milena
you I'm dead Vasa disease chiller
mashallah she's so cute his face is so
cute buddy
he doesn't care he's so I'm the worst
uncle ever man am I the worst uncle I
feel bad I'm sorry muslin he's gonna
look back at this and like a couple
years if you like what the hell does
uncle Adam make me do such a manly such
a manly spin whoa Lina why would you
take out your wig and do me gank it is
time to wrap up this vlog do not forget
September 24th its pre-order for all you
can handle
September 17th is a trailer thank you
for always creating memories with me it
truly means the world thank you guys for
your continuous support if you guys made
it to the end this vlog and if you were
right a die thumbs up this block I want
to see how many of you guys made it to
the end of the live so if you guys
didn't make it to the end thumbs up it
do me gang and give yourself a pat on
the back thank you guys Remus if I do me
gang love you I love you guys I'm sorry
for giving you a your I don't know your
little like squishy I don't
a flashlight by shot is eyelashes what
the hell she's a message I like it here
what do you mean that one that one put
the beef over here mmm
rimas makeup YouTube channel may be
coming soon no makeup okay whatever you
ain't got to rub it in my face
do me a i'ma see you guys tomorrow take
care and peace
I'm about to go missing taking out a
gang got myself in this position always
got an attitude never showing gratitude
always wanna talk but she never wanna
listen oh hey I'm gonna do my way gonna
scoop James and hit the highway
