guys look who we have here you just got
back from school and he's really really
mad cuz someone just had a detention juh
man look here hey guys what's up and Umi
gang I hope you are having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
if I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy day
hey do me gang I'm starting off my day
with the big big business meeting
because I got to handle some business
and once again I got to take our check
from the bank and this time it is way
more than 50 thousand it is a lot more
I'm not gonna say how much but it do me
getting I want you guys to always stay
in school always stay focused always be
positive never let anyone bring you down
and maybe I should shut up because I got
to go to my meeting I'll see you guys in
the next shot I love it it's so good
it's amazing I love it
guys look who we have here you just got
back from school
and he's really really mad cuz someone
just had a detention Jame look here tell
us look I know you want to laugh don't
worry I got your back
even if you got detention I got your
back you're mad okay I know you're
trying to be mad you know in front of my
mom front of my dad but I know you
always laugh about this and we're gonna
tell them all the story later okay
why rapping soon school teacher your
teacher what did he teach you do what
did you teach I do
why'd you put your decision what do you
do huh what do you do you roasted her
but it roasted her what are you doing hi
guys Jemile gonna tell us the full story
later hey do me gang I just got done on
my meeting and I'm with I'm with the
homegirl Rema Rema say what's up baby
see - by the way I have a special
special surprise for you on September 9
the day we're celebrating Rima and
Mawson's birthday Mother's Day hi guys
look what he's doing
do it again hello he's doing a little
eyebrow move go do it
I want to show his eyebrows oh go watch
him in his little bowl haircut odeon so
he can so he can use it as memes go yeah
we got the homie Jamel here too in the
building this shot coming up and I'm
writing it right now and I'm losing some
weight
I don't like homes anymore oh okay okay
so he's still gonna roll somewhere that
means you're gonna stop this dude must
be crazy by the way you got look at
Martin's car guys we got Mustangs ride
uh-oh so don't how you do it let's go
Wow
do you like it
you know bad bad back listen is there
anything that you can do that's good and
not bad
he's such a bad boy by the way do me
gang it was all of their first days in
school and each of them they're gonna
tell you guys the story of how their
first day of school
when Reid was gonna go first and I'm so
so sad that I couldn't take them school
or I could have picked them up from
school because I had to go to my meeting
by guys rhemas gonna go first she's
gonna tell you guys how her first day of
school went what grade did he start
today
I mean first grade first grade or
kindergarten I was like what she got
left back all right so she started first
grade and how did your first day of
class go technology and they had
computer that and all of and all of my
friends went on it and in me and they
watched it a video that's what him he
wants me to give him attention although
this is what I mean and then what and we
went tonight and they ate my food was
what caused our sighs so uh
hi guys my dad is also here and I think
he came at the wrong wrong time because
yo man is about to explain why he got
detention you know detention he got
detention in school oh hey yeah yeah
that's good I answer that school I mean
it a little early a little late was it
later early this is his side by the way
she met it's in the mill like 7:45 or
late eight o'clock okay then I answered
school my teacher got loud with me then
I said you don't mess with me no you
have to sucker to kick have to think
smack a respect
a zero stood by that he said respect
don't try to roast my dad I says what
happened he shot a roast the teacher
after that and after you shot a rose the
teacher he kind of got in trouble all
his students and stuff we're talking
about you know his diss track he's doing
himself the tension is not fun you don't
do nothing
um and detention Andre my diss track he
has his phone so in his notes he Emma he
takes notes what was what is this guy
cuz I don't do me game oh I think that's
what everyone is saying where is it it's
on the way
eyes on the way I don't know these days
three to two days three to two Monday I
don't know when it's up to you I have no
clue it's something here guys look this
is my mom's phone this is what she uses
to put on her head she's they have no
Bluetooth so she goes like this and she
goes like that she's a hey what up was
poppin G so Mawson can you tell us what
happened in your first day of school now
is your time to get attention how was
your first day of class go school good
was good all right guys we're about to
attempt a challenge right now a couple
years ago I don't know why he just fell
but a couple years ago me Highland Hamza
we did a little like up on the shoulder
challenge so today we're gonna try it
out with us three and we'll see if it
goes well will do us for with Rima who's
on our iPad using technology right now
Jemaine you come on top me unfortunately
oh well yes just pick up a simple on top
of me okay guys guys you sure yes if
your honor correctly
yes hi guys mean Remo we can do
something cooler it's kind of like a
yoga kind of thing so I'm re right ready
all right cool all right so no shame but
you got this people yes
oh you can't really see oh that's a oh
that's it
ready I see em escape aah Rima can also
do this bien
come here yeah yes like this yeah funny
hi guys let's see if Buster can do it oh
oh oh yes you got a boy
yes you got it yeah
oh you can handle October 1st October
1st September 24th pre-order September
17 trailer October 29 chapter 2 we can
surprise Hamza and Halen we have to find
out how the first day of school was
you know yeah
ID man how you doing you again I just
wanted to ask you guys how was your
first day of school
sorry much had an amazing first day of
school
Moxon he had an OK day Jamel yeah he had
the tantrum at hypertension now I need
to know so we need to find out how your
first day of school and how your friends
named schools and how would your first
day of school is do you know what is
that
that's it frozen book bag what you do in
school today I pray lunch a plate
yeah so how was your first day at school
hey what's that is that tenders on then
take it off huh how's your first day of
school
what do you do is that you focus about
oh don't talk about weight look say oh I
always thought that sister's food you
stole your sister's food what the hell
about your head because school is easy
good I didn't worry about lunch - always
hey you're the only normal one at Adams
family you know that yeah you know that
or no yeah all right that sounds good
all right so am uh that's all I want to
know how your first day of school was
you guys can go to sleep and I'll see
you guys tomorrow maybe I'll fill you
guys up from school or maybe I will be
at my school
yeah everybody knows you at school so
they're gonna be rid of guys okay no oh
so I should not pick you them yeah but
you guys let me know the comments below
if I should visit my high school real
real soon the old high school that I
used to go through the one that I got
expelled from the one where I had the
big big fight from I had a restraining
order
well they had a restraining order on me
like five years five years past has been
like seven eight years now so that means
I could finally finally go but I don't
even know if they will like allow me and
stuff so I'm thinking about going and
visiting my old high school and doomy
gang I am officially back home I'm so
glad that his family I had an amazing
first day I really hope you guys do me I
had an amazing first day at school
let me know any crazy stories any funny
stories that happen in your schools
during your first day of school or even
if it's not as if school I'm always
interested to know what goes on in your
life soon so do me again I hope you guys
have a blessed year and amazing here
with so many memories and blessings to
come and since I'm finally home I can
finally fix up this whole poster that I
have of my secret projects and the date
right here so as you guys already know
Adam Silas secret projects the movie
it'll be announced end of 2017 the book
is still in process 2018 and over here
secret project is debut album
twenty-nine but you can pre-order
October 22nd for now adieu me gang as I
said we're gonna put the date that we're
looking forward to the closest which is
October 1st for all you can handle
October 1st this is the main date all
you can handle
October 1st first single off the album
October 1st so I hope you guys are ready
for my first ever single of my first
ever album October 1st all you can
handle
but don't forget September 17 is a
trailer September 24 is the pre-order
date I cannot wait I'm following a lot
of you guys on Twitter Instagram reading
all your comments thank you guys so much
for your love and support it truly means
the world if you guys enjoyed this vlog
make sure you guys give it a thumbs up
and go turkey I do me hanging I'm gonna
see you guys tomorrow take care peace
allez I'm about to go missing thinking
outta get got myself in this position
always got an attitude never showing
gratitude always wanna talk but you
never wanna listen
oh hey I do it my way
James
