do you remember me you guys I think you
forgot me or maybe he's just ignoring me
do you remember me you forgot about me
it's me Adam I got you a present
well actually one of you guys got my
present in Singapore or Indonesia or
Malaysia one of them someone gave these
shades to the homie Ollie look at this
this is the cutest thing ever is so
small we're gonna put it on you okay
this is yours say thank you no no no you
don't eat it you don't eat it mom
okay OPA yeah yeah I think he actually
likes it oh he loves it usually he
always takes out anything that's on his
face a hat chains anything but I feel
like he loves us
hey guys what's up and doomy gang i hope
you are having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so if we're
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day dumi gang
today's video is just gonna be a short
update video because I need to talk to
every single one of you guys as you guys
know I just got home from Tokyo flight
was so so long I've been away from my
family for like three weeks and I miss
you guys so much so I literally spent in
my last 24 hours at the airport in the
plane so I couldn't get to vlog much but
in Douma gang I am back home with like a
happy is now he's happy I think he's
really feeling his shades
seriously the jet lag got to me so so
much to the point where I felt like I
just had a big boxing match like a
12-round professional boxing match and I
ended up crashing but hamdulillah I am
good I made it back here to the new
Adams family house well it's not so new
because in a few weeks it makes one year
being here so since I'm back home I am
back with daily vlogs with the whole
Adams family you guys are gonna see Rima
and Watson in tomorrow's vlog and then
in a week and a half you guys will see
my little brother getting married which
is really big for the Select family and
please please please do not ask me when
am I gonna get married
you two don't ask me what I'm gonna get
married okay because the answer is
whenever I'm ready I'm back to normal
daily vlogs I just want to say I'm so so
sorry for missing like two vlogs I
really hope you guys understand but the
jet lag and me crashing for the first
time did not feel so good but now I'm
feeling even better cuz I'm back home
with my family my little bro is getting
married and I won't be traveling until
the Middle East and Europe tour which
the tickets come out November 11 11 11
my lucky number don't pull my hat I'll
try not to leave you I won't leave you
look honey I want to come with me on
tour yes because it's already gonna be a
lot of special guests two special guests
tickets will be out 11:11 2018 6 p.m. in
your city to make sure you guys get your
tickets literally three days from now
first-come first-serve what I guess the
tickets you got it so please try and get
as fast as you can because I do not want
to see you guys saying oh my god there's
no more VIPs no more backstage there's
no more tickets I'm so so excited for a
Middle East and Europe tour I haven't
been to Europe for so long
dumi getting a month really glad the
cities that were gonna be at when I say
where I'm not telling you guys whose
words have the to atom World Tour and
the special guests will be announced
real soon
December 2nd for the first time ever we
will be in Cairo Egypt
December 4th is a man must not oh man
December 6 is due by December 10th is
bad we swim in La December 12th and 13th
is Kuwait the reason why there's two
shows and quoits is because quoits you
guys always go hard so you guys get two
shows bro I'm gonna shave my beard cuz
you Maji you're I'm gonna shave my beard
cuz you Ali please please wait one black
robe December 15 is don't have a bud I
haven't been there for a few years so I
cannot wait to see you guys and December
17th is Mumbai India for the first time
ever cast a shadow mana again a
chickadee Heidi and yeah January 11th is
Paris France January 13th d√ºsseldorf
Germany January 15th is Amsterdam
January 16 is Rotterdam I'm looking
nervous and go in there because the last
time I went there I was trying to jump
over this girl and I ended up like
falling on her so I'm gonna need to make
sure it's safe okay
January 17 is Oslo Norway and January
20th is Copenhagen Denmark all the
tickets will be out November 11th
6 p.m. the tour is literally right
around the corner but any of my rotted
eyes any voodoo my guy in that city
cannot wait to see you guys it's in
association with the homie matter and
two more special guests that will be
announced real real soon but you have to
do me yang this was just an update video
to let you guys know that I'm back home
with the regular daily vlogs
oh not be missing no more daily vlogs
because I was literally like on a two to
three-year record and I've been doing
daily vlogs since like 2012-2013 I am
back The Addams Family is back if you
guys are excited that I'm back and do me
I miss you guys give this like a giant
thumbs up a least a thumbs up don't jump
thank you guys so much for your love and
support
let vlogs lit pranks coming soon I'll
see you guys tomorrow with the Addams
Family do not forget to subscribe
because I upload every single day do me
Aang I love
got so much I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and Pete say bye-bye
oh and happy six-month anniversary to
the homie Ali three six months are you
ever gonna talk actually I'm gonna miss
him when he doesn't talk don't talk
don't talk because mustn't talk
