s-stop it watch me
hey guys what's up you're doing me
getting I hope you're having an amazing
day because we're having an amazing day
so if we're having an amazing day you
all should be having an amazing happy
dude it's crazy
guys we have visitors coming over our
house so this is what my mom does this
is called behold it smells really good
but too much of it is crazy oh my god
Arabs these days this is what you have
many ladies do they use this as a
cologne they be like deodorant whoa
so sisters visitors coming through as
you guys know I'm heading out the house
ASAP but before I head out the house
i'ma let you guys know who I'm pranking
today he goes by the name say yeah Salah
I love say F so much he's one of my
favorite favorite nephews I love him to
death but I'm so scared of him he's the
only nephew that I'm really really
scared of and he's only five years old
and the reason why I'm scared of him is
because he's a legit savage and he hates
it so much when someone pranks and if he
finds out today that I'm pranking him he
is gonna go insane so wish me luck
adieu me ganks so this is what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna make this fake video as if
the world is ending and then when I go
over his house I'm gonna play that video
and we're gonna get his reaction but I
do not know how to reveal that it's a
prank so let's see how this goes all
right guys I'm gonna be recording some
audio right now just to put it inside
the video and I'm gonna change my voice
to like a monster crazy robot kind of
voice the world is ending in five
minutes say F Salah can you dance for me
alright guys I just got done making the
audio I need to edit the video right now
but this is how I sound
totally gay makes you guys thumbs up
this video or you guys won't get bad
look thumbs up I wish me luck and I'll
see you guys in the next shot well I
guess the world ended to him tube top hi
guys I just pulled up in front of
staff's house I'm so so scared
shout out to the man right here I got at
the corner because they're with you of
course man any time I mean they gets to
do me right here for me
fight over there no it's a good thank
you thank you so much I miss you so much
I even good it's poppin' g-dragon chill
it organized I'm with my nephew right
now
Yusef Salah and we're planning to do
this I have the whole audio video
recording my phone I mean I'm a phone
I'm a laptop great I'm so scared here I
was surprised when he told me it's just
the craziest idea that I've seen in my
entire life I was dying
I swear to god I'm I know I mean a lot
of people do the end of the world prank
but you know we got to do the atom solid
family well yeah this way hilarious you
guys are gonna see it I need you to set
the camera I need to use work I'm here
you're usually does this camera is
Lauren zoomed in and we can use it you
can't let see it because you'll end up
bugging out and let's do it ready okay
let's go it's to a poem you crazy
thumbs up thumbs up
Oh ready you catch I open hands like
this fat balls yeah who's that oh do you
know who is useless to me
come on is that who is he
who is he to you are you taking off your
glasses you take coffee sure I hose it
to me whose use of - you okay cool now
Who am I Who am I to you
okay since he's your brother
Who am I to him is what this program
this is an emergency please follow his
instructions
what is this
the family protest is transmitted by the
request of the United States government
this is not a test the world is ending
in five minutes I repeat the world is
ending in five minutes please stay calm
I'd like to speak to I'm solid do some
solid and city are solid I want you all
to give me your last words since the
world's ending in four minutes channel
my last words
I love my mom I love my fans and Umi
gang I love everyone who does good if
you want to come back to life I want to
see him dance let me see you dance
hey I just want to say this is Adam and
this is a prank a few moments later
okay sorry sighs I promise that stuff
guys me and say F we're friends now we
hug you mean hundred thousand
subscribers he's so cute guys this world
of us AF his channel him and uses shadow
to almost a hundred thousand yeah
subscribe me like a free plugin crap he
said like subscribers AF our use of
solid just click use of Sally and yeah
you'll see it this type of news of salad
and you'll see him the first one and so
say F won't be me up with guys I want to
give you chat up to my sister which is
Yusuf's mom crazies unbelievable but I'm
here because but she makes mashallah the
best best lasagna ever famous lasagna
ever since like like 15-20 years old
she's still making them banging chassis
Caressa pieces Anya look at this
hi guys it's been a fun amazing time
USAF we're gonna end the vlog he said he
wants to do it on read my next time so
thumbs up if you guys want us to do on
Reba tomorrow before the video is out so
before the video is even out we can do
even more every month yeah but we got to
do it before the video is even out or we
can put the video out and we don't give
Reema
any phone or iPad and still do so thumbs
up if you want to see it on Rima what I
love about you is what is that Adam
sucks you said no so thank you so much
thank you sale alright guys I'm ending
the video here if you enjoyed it makes
you give it a thumbs up and go talky
thank you guys so much I'll see you guys
tomorrow one way one guys get one like
let's do it can we get 1 like
5 likes and will prank Rima 5 likes
let's do it with the voice 5 likes the
own prank Rima with the voice subscribe
put your dog for game design see you
guys tomorrow
are you gonna get a hundred thousand by
tomorrow
that's essential look we gotta say I
love you you gotta say I love you first
let me say I love you yeah that's what
they all say
I'm about to go missing taking out a
gang got myself in this position always
got an attitude never showing gratitude
always wanna talk but you never wanna
listen
