hey guys what's up you're dooming yang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day first of
all I wanna give you huge shout out to
my mom right here laying down next to me
who got off the phone because she's on
the phone 24/7
high-five I'm also a huge shout out to
do me yang thank you guys so so much for
getting 30,000 thumbs up these noodles
right here are not gonna be gone so
thank you guys so much here's a
shout-out from my hair to you guys hey I
just want to say thank you guys so much
for keeping me alive you guys saved my
hair I appreciate it
thank you I hope you guys enjoyed that
message from my hair but do me gang
guess what
summertime prank week is here and it
starts today so I hope you guys are
ready I'm gonna let you guys know what
I'm doing today so as you guys know
yesterday I told Rima if the video gets
thirty thousand thumbs up I'm gonna cut
her hair so this is what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna go to a workshop by the same
color hair as Rima carry it with me go
to hammers this house because Rima is
there grab some scissors and pretend I
cut her hair because she loves her hair
so so much we're gonna see how she
reacts so let's go buy some hair it's
gonna be really awkward for me to be at
the wig shop especially with my hair
like this alone but we're gonna see how
it goes thumbs up and hope you guys are
ready for summertime prank week and I'll
see you guys in the nut shop hi guys I'm
at the wig shop this is so awkward look
how many wigs are here hey Kylie how you
doing yeah I like that gray hair I got
to find color hair a fits Rima okay
maybe no I don't know
right there I think this is real right
here this right here let me snatch your
weave off
this right here is Rima definitely I'm
pranking my niece I'll pick something
I'm cutting your hair yeah I'm the best
uncle ever thank you
hi guys I got this right here oh you
this sorry Kylie thank you so much all
right guys I'm waiting for my uber right
now I should have never wore the color
red so if you guys do not know I kind of
live in like an area where it's you know
pretty much the hood it's called Harlem
I never speak about where I live but I
live in Harlem I grew up in Harlem
that's why I was pretty much a bad boy
and I still am a little bit but it's not
good to wear the color red because a lot
of like gang members who are in the
blood gang like start staring at you and
thinking you're in that gang and they
start coming to you and if you're like
false claiming and pretending to be in a
gang since you're wearing that color
it's kind of confusing it's messed up
but I need to get him over because
something happens you know I was there
I'm just I'm fighting and I'm gonna get
in trouble and it's not that good I'm
just the boy who grew up in the hood I'm
trying to make it out there
so Adam yeah yes thank you
hi are you doing okay people now buy
again you are wah missed you so much
Viva your hair looks beautiful what did
your hair hey mom
really oh it looks so nice adieu me I'm
at hammers in highness house I just
drive by because I had to get Rima some
clothes she's sleeping over here a
couple more days thank you you're
welcome
high five just sleep it over for how
long three more days so you're leaving
me your luck
oh sorry oh hi wow you look so pretty
you got the polka dot dress on sorry
girl then all sexy stuff haha dead as
you guys know it's always lit and Hamza
and Hannah's house are you guys
you already know it's always a party
here in Hamza and Heidi's house with The
Addams Family we're not gonna party too
hard because the neighbors are gonna end
up going crazy so you guys can go play
your video games because you guys do did
you like the most you guys oh okay
what's Yousef everything wrestling or
Call of Duty I'm positive Oh DJ what
about you what game do you like you like
that goose huh dad alright guys my
family right now is playing video games
they think I'm in the bathroom taking a
poop I'm gonna team up here and the
scissors now I'm gonna set the camera up
and then pretend to cut Mimas hair so
let's see how it goes Rima I love you
but you weren't there to cut my hair you
betrayed me you were on my side and you
made me sad so this is payback and this
is just the beginning
somewhat opry hair oh this thing is
powerful man what kind of freaking
plastic do they use Oh such an idiot I
can use the scissors what the hell how
much hair is this look at this
professional hairstylist Adam this is
just like Remes hair IRA guys let me
keep the scissors and the hair here I'm
gonna go set up the camera I'm gonna
come
thirty thousand one comes up you cut it
thirty thousand thumbs up huh
you may hear back going back you gonna
go back okay go check the mirror right
there
your we would shift out bitch she loves
it yeah I'm so sorry I'm sorry
you want to cut my hair yes I can go get
the scissors aside you make up you ain't
gettin no scissors what do you mean hey
it up oh you know hey what would you
give it a scissors Oh five-year-olds not
allowed to have scissors oh wait stop
stop why am i hiding from a
five-year-old I should've never done
this for you huh hanger I know my side
are Rema sight
Wow I don't want someone's hair to be
cut we speak to you okay look I better
cut yeah you don't have fake hair sure
the fake hair let me see the figure look
this is the fake hair I know that you
had okay so I want to come out here you
ain't cutting no one's here girl look no
hair how was cut look fake hair sorry
okay sorry
yeah gonna cut my shirt oh yeah
hila has a head job on a keycard here
Remo I'm an idiot
sorry you got it wrong I'm a
professional idiot have fun damn piece
of yarn who seemed Wow
Bremen Watson on their dad seemed hangs
in HIDA there on themselves me I think
Japan is on my team and Dina
so major mavin Dina versus Mawson Rima
what kind of rednecks and others do me
gay I got her so good she literally fell
for it so just for that thumbs up can we
get $50,000 up and if we get 50,000
thumbs up if we get 50,000 toes up hide
his hair is it gonna get cut next
actually actually I can't car in here
because she's sure as a head job well
I'm gonna get in trouble I can't cut her
hair Hans is here talking to like that
man
you know I'm bringing dramatically you
must be crazy
Gimenez their king broke my hand yes I'm
leaving
I'll see that now she does want me to
leave on guillain-barr√© night here in a
hard way she said you'll cry yeah that's
what they are
