nobody messes with me and nobody messes
with the people in the Middle East send
me the video okay hey guys what's up ado
me gang I hope you're having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
far having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day in to me
gang today vlogging why did he just call
me away take your scooter back man I
really do not know why he's calling me a
weirdo when he came with a scooter and
just left it here but what are you doing
what do you mean look weird eyes
everyone call me weird today man what
the heck icers you do not know what's
going on but anyways we're about to head
out chill out for a bit I have Jamal
here with me the roast master he's
calling me weird but he's right there so
we're gonna head out and I'm see you
guys in the next shot
deuces man there you go what yeah I go
there alright now I know why everyone's
calling me a weirdo even my dad is
looking at me like I'm some kind of
weird but we're gonna head out I'll see
you guys and what are those
you know a guy named money kicks do you
know money kicks no you don't know many
kicks Dino is Dubai no you don't know is
Dubai
you don't know Dubai do you know what's
New York City you don't know New York
City tomato what does you know nothin
nothin nothin do me gang I'm with the
squad right here too mad and Yusef Jamil
is about to meet nipple for the first
time ever
so while meeting is we should do
something how about this I'm gonna make
you walk alone
and while nipples walking alone you just
pretend you're walking alone and you
just bump into him Villa hey watch out
what are you doing
yes that be serious question right
are you wearing my shoes it's coming in
a few minutes they're ready again again
keep laughing are you shooting yeah what
are you do
What did he say he's like massage so
after 17 long years nipples going to
town spirits do it and after like a
really long time for me I'm going to
time spirits trap I've been at Times
Square for so long I always miss it and
then when I see it for like a couple
minutes kind of getting like sick of it
so all my friends are so into you and
I'm really yeah really so last time I
was here in New York there were no TVs
and stuff times roses billboards you
came in what year - my husband man the
years I was like five dollars before
that was before 9/11 or 9/11 so I just
remember it was just billboards and like
posters now there's you know there's the
TVs bro this everything on us it's a lot
different now there's like human beings
top of buildings down it's cool what is
this
the red stairs what do you mean what is
this so you just sit there look at me
yeah why not but why is this trying to
do it hey I'm not hating I just
imitating good acts it could have put
something closer okay buckle at Dundas
Square and Brittany here you see that's
right let me tell you the rules of New
York City if someone comes up to you
with a mixtape do not grab it none of
that
do not touch it if somebody comes up to
you say in a comedy video a sketch
ignore it from New York
if somebody's bump since you don't be a
part like in Toronto beat up by who get
stop man
how's it go no higher so these ladies
are from Toronto right and just saying
what what is it I think this is better
man Oh
I don't believe this why you looking I
don't believe this
she's fully naked I come to myself what
bullshit sighs he doesn't want a picture
you want to feel check back I'm taking
them away
Japan is people to support girls he has
that's really really good
I'm in Germanness about to get the Hat
right here what color you want the
letters what's your favorite color
blue blue one what bloom black bloom
blocking it hi guys been like 10 minutes
let's go see if Jimmy's hat is ready
ready why are you drinking coffee
and my major buddy got that how do you
like you like it
it's dope on you my man
what's up we do me game if you guys do
not know me my name is Adam Morrison
yeah yeah Saleh I haven't been on
YouTube for so so long so I'm so so
sorry
hello yes I am speaking he did not say
that
say Allah okay send me the video right
now I'm making a video I'll watch it
right now nobody messes with me and
nobody messes with the people in the
Middle East send me the video okay send
it now Allah okay every single time I'm
trying to make a comm nice video but
another youtuber just called me now I do
not want to say his name but he is
telling me to react to another video of
this guy named Jake balls who said some
racist stuff so I've been waiting for
this text and I'm gonna watch this video
right now and we're gonna react to it
because what lie I do not like it when
people are uneducated that's the biggest
word I know
uneducated yes that's you Jake balls are
you what I got to feed you I got to feed
you he sent me the video let's watch it
let's do it okay it sounds like you're
just gonna blow someone else did he just
say it sounds like you're about to blow
someone up it doesn't sound like he's
about to blow someone up it sounds like
he has an accent like me I don't know
maybe you should get your ears checked
if you hear something about to blow up
maybe your ears are very very dirty so I
have for you some q-tips my friend here
this is for your ears oh wait wait wait
or maybe what you hear is your brain
because it fell from your head to your
ass well I am already so so mad this guy
is very very uneducated but let's
continue watching this video send the
look were you making a prank
this guy just said send an oak send
Anouk
what do you mean send the new oh you
mean you're gonna send the nuke to that
country because that's all you've been
taught to do bomb other countries no one
messes with a demotion yeah yeah solid I
mean he didn't mess with me but he
messed with the wrong people because
that boy has the same accent that's me
so if he has the same accent that's me
he is messing with me
how about you Jake balls you sound like
you sound like you're about to steal our
oil in the Middle East it's stupid I
cannot watch this no more
okay to be honest the fact that he had
the guts to post this himself just shows
that he doesn't really care about
offending people what he did is
continued to make people think that
anyone who has an accent or from the
Middle East is a terrorist and the boy
all he was doing was trying to show that
he likes him and he was just being so
rude to him is disgusting
I mean even if he's trying to be funny
that was not funny now everyone who's
gonna watch Jake balls videos they're
gonna think it's okay to do that to
anyone from the Middle East or to anyone
who's Muslim and go up to them and say
oh my goodness it looks like you're
about to send the nuke Jake balls what
is supposed to be showing the world that
were able to love one another if you
continue this you're just gonna be
another Donald Trump as a Muslim
youtuber and as a youtuber in general we
should be the change we want to see in
the world that's all I'm gonna say
that's it if you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs up subscribe put your
notifications on make sure you guys get
me to eight likes get me to eight likes
thank you guys so much and um I don't
know what to say but uh yes let's send
all the smart you know the educated
people out of your country and we'll see
how smart America is I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me take care and peace I
love you fucking all day guillain-barr√©
not here in the hallway she said
obviously you'll cry yeah that's what
they all say I'm about to go missing
