I have my first cousin I haven't seen
him for around 10 to 11 years which is
insane so please welcome the Hobie hey
guys what's up and do me gank I hope you
all having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy Dave do me gang I'm
bout to go pick up Rima and Marcin from
school because literally my whole family
they're heading to the airport because a
lot of my cousins are coming since it's
my little brother's wedding this weekend
there's this one special cousin of mine
my first cousin who I haven't seen for
like 11 years and he's literally like my
twin he was always my other half and I'm
finally gonna see him after 11 years so
I cannot wait for that the flight got
cancelled yesterday because of snow but
happened either gonna make it here I'm
still feeling a little bit sick but it's
all good I'm staying strong through it
say everybody see Rima
well zoom in what else oh man what it
dried up already
no way yeah we gotta go check up on
Eunice come let's go go Eunice I don't
think anyone messed it up I think it
just melted look only in New York City
where snow so much and then out of
nowhere all goes away look this is the
sticks
Eunice's hands oh my god all my Eunice's
knows
Eunice's news his nose was popping I
guys doing what I'll put up how you guys
doing
the eyes right there oh my god Preston
TV unit guys I'm here with the healer
Jenna what's uh what's poppin a we all
here bitch hey everybody Siri ma he
didn't go to school man he cut class
oh yeah see you guys take care take a
seat everybody at school so it up right
all right guys say - Reema
they just reunited he didn't go to
school come on let's go side it's
freezing cold we're gonna go inside it
is so cold so I'll see you guys in the
next shot guys do me gang my first
cousins kids they are here right now
they came for my little brother's
wedding they're playing for night I
haven't met any of them literally since
the day they were born but now I'm
looking at them right now they're part
of the Adams family cousins more people
coming alright guys so there's six of
them but right now I'm only gonna show
you guys three because three them aren't
here so the first one is the whole be
mostly must learn no oh my god bro
seriously you come they look alike so I
keep getting mixed up with their names
look they look exactly alike
so it's Muslim and Mohammed I must let
them have it you a nice to meet you guys
man yeah well my cousin Jesus we got
watching good
we got the homey oh man oh whoa oh my
how the allman big Sixers Nick okay
there's two more kids upstairs and one
of my main cousin who was around my age
I'm gonna introduce you guys to him and
if you would uh what's up man without
they came from Mississippi this is quick
how's Emma city good
oh that's cool freeze in here man
seriously man yo it's gonna be a literal
time the wedding's gonna be lit we turn
it up out here I guys I'm here with
Hamoudi he is another one of the Adams
family members my cousin's kid they're
all scattered around the house mostly
and Muhammad you're a cute freak I saw
Halle Halle
let me do it again so he's your mostly
oh my god oh my god well I keep messing
up so yo take off your shirt
yup suddenly take off my shirt I'm gonna
give you guys another shirt bro yo this
is how you know he's my family member
look like he's boxing already he just
put on the gloves and he's playing come
on with you let's go let's go I'm mad
for the first time like 20 minutes ago
and look how like crazy a while they
already man I love goodnesses do it me
don't tell me don't tell me see her oh
my god I'm gonna guess hi dragon yo-yo
Hamid yeah let's go guys I'm here with
Muddy Buddy I say hi what's up how are
you I'm your first cousin literally
muhfuckas guys I'm here my dad decided
they're already body like what the heck
are they doing
he knows that do it hey do me gang I
still have one more family member of
mine he's taking a shower right now he
is my first cousin and he is the one
that I haven't seen for like 10 11 years
all these kids over here this is
literally the first time that I meet
them all of them right so you guys are
about to see him I'm about to see him
about to talk after 10 years this is
insane man oh my god
yeah look um uh Tina she's eating what
are you doing here hey hey come come
come yeah yeah she's so cute look at her
she's Venus oh yeah come back don't
leave me look at the guy should go to
understand hi you are money what are you
doing
don't eat the PS like I must have given
her a hug
ha ha she's like get away do you love
her yeah
even a lot of cameos he better care of
you my little brother just did a cameo
oh do me gang it is getting hectic out
here the wedding vibes are here is crazy
man my little brother is getting married
but right now I have my first cousin
before he comes in let me introduce him
his name is Salah he is 23 years old I
haven't seen him for around 10 to 11
years which is insane so please welcome
the Hobie so that my first cousin salat
was up yo yo yo 11 years always thing
that shades watch you what the beard and
blond is everything good good girl
the last time I seen it were like young
kids being bad and some fights go bad so
this is crazy fat yo man how you been
what's new like good good thank you
hotty totty Ole Miss Mann Mississippi
they live in Mississippi man that
literally down south I've never been
there but definitely gonna go there soon
only because oh yeah I've always you
know spelled Mississippi and I was
younger like em is oh my city am ISS ISS
I pee pee on a when I come I see you pee
oh you saw EP we all literally they just
landed all his luggage is left in the
plane like seven bags seven of his bag
all fly American no they don't say it to
be brown blue America say it's Eminem's
like so you have to give him some my
clothes which is pretty crazy but the
homie Salah is here bro seriously you're
welcome here my creme for the next week
we're gonna be chillin and I'm on my
feet hurt from sin down like this Moses
you swab bro yeah
hey here was popular I'm here with my
cousin solid bro wait yeah well vibing
over here - yeah
we're literally getting the luggage
literally like seven luggage is left
because of American Airlines and the
canceled flight yeah I really hope it's
coming now because last time they took
like five days of mine so I'm hoping to
come through hi guys we're in arrivals
of American Airlines and this is what we
got to do they got me it's solid looking
around for his luggage and look how much
luggage is it is here there they found
one out of seven there's this much more
luggage to look for and like he doesn't
know how everyone's bags look because
only me and him came here so now we're
looking around do you find more all
right that's two let's to it let's go
knock down the honey and you find the
honey and oh my gosh I like that guy's
it's been like ten minutes we only found
four bags out of seven seriously this is
like a crazy game you just got to look
around and find solid like so hard man
hi this is Thomas Rodriguez
Rojas did you find another one yes let's
go bro
guys look everyone's luggage like agent
just like one luggage right there
one luggage one luggage but when you're
Yemeni look how much luggage we got here
look oh my god well not was like as we
got she wanted luggage Reese hi guys so
we literally just got back to my crib
and Maria she was in my bathroom and she
had the frickin soap in her hands like
no no no I look like don't eat
everything you see no no no don't go to
the toilet no I have soap all over my
head know what to do let's go wash your
hair you know what
and I wash it little girl oh I did yes
she's so cute good job good job buddy a
once again she spilled the whole chips
and anything she's seen
it's like a big the like she just
destroys it like took the pillow laid
out in the middle of the floor let me
what are you doing buddy gonna sleep it
together now alright alright I always
get myself are you're you're Muslim oh
my god change our shirts change be like
how you take off that shirt yeah do be
gang I'm ending the vlog here hope you
guys enjoy life business
and go turkey do be gay tomorrow is the
hundr you guys little see my little
brother do not forget to subscribe
because I upload every single day
supposed to be a little week do me
anything about so much with over
supports to do that some are take care
and peace peace
