so oh my god this is urgh did it
hey guys what's up and do me gank I hope
you're having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing night so we're
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day is this
supposed to be the last this one yeah
this is the last blog of Japan's that
sucks though no random people just leave
that bikes outside bikes are not locked
at all
everybody's so trusting it looks like
who's in New York I would have been
check that like somebody would've stolen
this is someone's bike ever it starts
spotless so nobody wants ya Brooklyn you
go on guys my voice is completely gone
because I did this contest at the anime
spot where I had to scream and I feel
like this scream made me crash I
literally said here so loud that I think
something in my vocal cord just like
came out my freakin neck gear Akihabara
I can't here's the vlog it's right check
it out do me Hank what is poppin we're
in the train station here in Tokyo Japan
I'm with the boys the boys might not
think I'm lost
yo guys we got the whole Michal right
here what's up from NYC
the only dog you with something that was
poppin nap we should have Showtime with
your tongue so time show time I'd go
they have no poles they have no pulse no
pulse no pulse in New York they have two
poles in the middle that's always that
you're doing those you could just do it
Adam up yeah you notice how no one no
one's talking other than like everyone
here and windchill common generates is
there an Apple store in the freaking
trailer obviously Red Bull in the league
on us you know everything here is crazy
it's like 2015 we're living in the
future you could be a video game League
waiting for night train
did you bring your ps4 you can literally
play for night here so tea food ninja
ever couldn't talk yo yo 50,000 likes
you're moving out of it no don't say
that
No what did I do get it oh my god guys I
just did this contest where you have to
scream the loudest at this anime spot
and I called it before I was like I'm
gonna get 111 you're Adam what what
score you think you're gonna get 105 you
gonna beat that you're gonna beat that
111 I I did it and I got 111 it was the
craziest ish ever you shout out to you
guys to do me a this was before I homie
did it yeah I'd better go crazy I
literally got 111 men
you call me you know like I made a
buzzer-beater is something guys I'd even
know where we're at right now it's like
you know how do you get it and what do
you win like oh it's all random it was
like oh you can get this character that
character is a mini Jeremy is anime punk
and a thigh injury
oh are you pretty good just be good Wow
so what is that loss of Islamic barbecue
why I like this really so it's just a
toy
yes like this toy people love the toys
here this is something like it for
remote something air like mustard like a
doobie gang this is our last few moments
here together
Audrey and the homies liminal Casa
upstairs playing 2k and literally we're
so so sad you guys do not understand how
much we love Tokyo Tokyo of one of the
best places we've ever 1 to July goes
yeah the jet lag the time zone was just
way too much amounts was saying
something about how like it takes an
hour like if you're like it depending on
how many hours are like ahead gentle
areas next an hour a day to keep the jet
away know every day you takes one hour
these guys are doing construction right
like literally construction right foot
away you get up every morning but we
love it so much here only a lot of
minutes we're much louder than the
construction we've been literally
playing video games allied with slimming
out intended that you actually want to
do this jump is over oh I didn't Slim's
blog and afters vlog we're like but then
I didn't really jump out no no no you
crazy
oh my god oh don't I could do it I feel
like I can do it I'm here there's so
much I believe it would be embarrassing
if you also broke your bone thank you
don't wanna I believe you could do it
but with these conditions it's a little
too risky I don't want you to hurt
yourself I believe you can do it
honestly I don't believe I feel so much
better right now because I decided to
rest last night was that we actually are
the most we literally just got our rest
we stuck for so long he's used to really
playing video you know who's winning we
think I'm the kid oh yeah huh it's not a
good idea
you could really fall a gentle easy I'm
not really remember I mean I know before
in Yemen brassware give it call me
monkey Adam like I'm hired ever since I
was a kid I would jump over stuff I'll
jump over people not idea we'll see what
happens do you know what he wants to
jump so bad jump it's so tough pitch oh
my god what do you think technically
uncie he windows to the ground
so give me credit I thought you were
gonna jump like jump let me saw you guys
do it I'm not the one that was busted
no you do it do it see I'm doing it
correctly roll
everyone was so scared I did it Wow your
princess wow this is your Marcin wow you
look handsome let me see let me see
bring it close to the camera this is
maximum who is your best friend
what's his name okay and home how many
friends how many friends you have more
than five what about the other one show
them the other ones let me see the other
this is you what about this one the big
picture let me show them then this year
you get a hold it still mostly see so
everybody could see it this one the big
one
I miss you oh I put guy guess what what
what today Ali is six-month he's right
no he's six because he's getting shot oh
I'm sorry
Ali you get in a shot today you're going
to the doctor the doctor is gonna give
you some tools okay you're a big boy do
me yeah I'm ending the vlog here I
really can't wait to get back home I was
seriously homesick and now I'm so so
excited to go back home to New York City
literally home is the best place in the
world and once I do get back there's
gonna be so much to come I'm getting me
back on my family my little brother is
getting married and a lot more
announcements to come by the way guys
something crazy happen I feel like the
number one is like my lucky number or
something because I said that I'm gonna
lay that 1 1 1 in that year game and I
landed on 1 1 1 from our flight in
Indonesia where I lied how long were
they passed story and that incident that
crazy accident happened mean after we
landed at 11:11 also my Middle East and
Europe tour tickets the tickets come out
on 11:11 this is just crazy and what's
even crazier I graduated high school in
2011 so I feel like the number one is my
lucky number feel lucky man I'm so lucky
blessed and grateful to have you guys
cannot wait I'll go home and get my rest
I'm a rest up a bit more because I've
been doing a lot of traveling especially
when it's over like two or three weeks
and it's almost been like better do me
anything you have so much for love and
support I'll see you guys tomorrow in
New York City back home back to the
daily vlogs thank you guys so much for
your love and support see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace
