yeah do me gig what is poppin we just
went through security we're about to go
to our flight to the secret location so
you're writing location finally we've
been waiting for the day to happen we're
going on this flight this is a six hour
flight six hour flight from Malaysia
slim and the boys just landed there so
we're gonna meet them there now it's
your first time meeting everyone you
ready yeah I'm nervous I'm excited
in New York is this what they write
there let me go really slim everyone I
hope to see you soon finally the moment
you've all been waiting for it's about
to be a crazy turn out there now so
close to expose in the secret location
bro he's about to tweet it out but then
he accidentally knew that he loves what
we're doing astrology honey oh man poor
thing I broke this drama by Sting it's
all set ah let's go baby let's go baby
do me gang we just got our flight I'm
literally about to sleep for the six
seven-hour flight I'm not gonna have his
stuff like 24 hours I'm gonna wake up at
the secret location go and challenge
Allah and we're gonna see Slim's
reaction I cannot wait he had no clue do
me Aang I'm knocking out you see you
guys in the next shot probably in the
secret location do me gank we finally
made it to the secret location we are
here in Tokyo Japan for the first time
ever do me getting slimming all the boys
they're already at the Airbnb by the
head there right now it's gonna be a
sick sick week I cannot wait my first
time here this is one all places I've
always wanted to go to my slim this was
one of his dream places so slim hope you
enjoyed the surprise I'm gonna see all
you guys in the next shot cuz I'm tired
as hell yeah oh don't pay the taxi
driver right there yeah but you're
pitiful please my logos good
already these dudes are playing 2k look
at this yeah where'd you think was huh
what do you think was right that was
Bangkok really I know what I'm saying I
was big Hawk now but we'll get exposed
to it tomorrow so I'm saying the
continued of like tomorrow so I look
like everyone is tired though we came in
flight tomorrow bro look at this we had
a little trap house here cos snap there
slim Joe me Nikki ISA one eternity later
yeah what's popular doom again it is the
next morning we are here in Tokyo Japan
our secret location we're with the boys
guys I'm dressed as Adam awesome yeah
yeah Salah I haven't done a video belly
dancing in a city blank City for like
years excited I haven't done it for a
while because I've done it literally
like in every city that I've been to and
I got bored I was like yo I did it
literally in every city I couldn't do
any more but now that we're in Tokyo I
gotta bring out a must in yourself back
I gotta bring belly dancing in Tokyo
back is gonna be a dope dope time I'm
excited
what do you think they don't think
you're like no one ever just like this
in Tokyo they're not gonna know what
they're looking at
well I'm the first whatever first one
Japan let's first one to chance go me
though I'm belly dancer everywhere he
knows it and I'm gonna make a dope
Instagram video I'll be following a few
you guys will like it and comment so
make sure you guys go and show a lot of
love about the head city city what's a
city called should buy you going to
Shibuya baby shabooya shabooya sure
that's one else I hope so connect what
I'm going to tell you this
I've always been going on like a yo-yo
is probably much about the homie Joe
right here and though in Japan yoga
turned I got a look at you crazy
I know man you know people dressed like
this normally man that it you know
this is anything yeah I don't think
they'll be looking cuz it's dope are you
gonna belly dance with me belly does
yeah some Japanese girls of oh yeah
there's no girls ball is meatball what
are you saying man Adam awesome yes ah
guys we're staying literally in the
locals of Japan you got the homie right
here hide nobody okay meet you okay and
I'm Abbot kilims local apple jam but
kill him Adam II see a duck peeping are
this an American lives in Colima
Oh shukran shukran guys this how I do my
belly dancing video
I'm taking a photo how do you feel be in
Japan
honestly Wallace juku Chuco I know but
oh really
it's all cuz the you slip some always
wanted to go to Tokyo and in my head I'm
like Tokyo is it is it good or not and
then now we here I'm telling you guys it
is an amazing city one of the most
beautiful cities and one of the most
amazing cities I've ever been to it's
Tokyo because everyone is so chilled
can't see the strip's yet I know I know
I know see I just came last night
there's a lot more we're gonna see a lot
more live lives that we're gonna go
through a lot of activities we're gonna
be doing all we do live stay tuned stay
tuned wow guys we just got to the main
part of Japan called show by so many
people
oh my god it is crowded than people
everywhere man what the heck
another mystery woman hey
guys we're now in the 7-eleven here in
Tokyo it looks so different just like
the one in America but it's just
everything is like Japanese is so dope
7-eleven looks dope oh no guys we got
the homie Nakia out here Joe what up man
so we got these masks a lot of people
wear these masks of the pollution what'd
you guys do not know is that seven
million people died because of pollution
every single year that's the reason why
people wear this because they don't want
the pollution they want to breathe the
pollution or the culture now yeah part
of the culture I'm aware it for one of
the parts in my video and my circuit
video doesn't like this pinch your nose
right here it's pinched pull down a
little bit there you go I feel like I'm
suffocating this is dope man I'm loving
Japan look at this I know this is weird
but this is my first bottle flip here in
Tokyo like a pasta guys oh my god I
found the cutest cat ever guys this is
the cutest cat oh my god oh my god that
is gorgeous
I want this cat I want this cat brother
how much oh and how much as I can always
clean my ears like that when it's one of
them are adorable dogs got dogs to throw
this dog is adorable
listen Italy about the whole the Bears
I'm scared slimmin it's very holiday
everybody
yo guys you shout out to the homies
right here they're youtubers from Japan
what's your YouTube channel YouTube
channel name actually about yeah I've
shared that shut down
amen right there please the subscriber
that always I thank you oh look homies
like I just did a bottle for chow
yeah then I gotta for me the cousin I'll
put them in the club come on my they're
mad cool though real doing videos
outside man that's dope that's dope
never got the news channels right here
like this what the crash solution
how do you say I love you in jail I said
I said it I said it I said of Japan
bro what the heck is slim what is he
doing bro hi what's the why why bro it's
not cute
this is not cute not Gamble's was
obnoxious gamers should be loved I
finished my belly dancing video in Tokyo
it's up on Instagram makes you guys go
like it go comment below I'll be
following five of you guys so if
anyone's watching my vlog right now make
sure you guys know comments say you came
from the blog and I'll be following five
of you guys like our comment right now
we're in an owl's cafe I have my iced
coffee only in Tokyo where they have an
owl's cafe in New York City they have
cat cafes but over here look at this I'm
not even joking that look oh my god
that's so creepy did you guys see how
owls and hawks and birds everyone so
cute oh look at that oh my god it turns
that crazy oh my god yo this place is
amazing man I wouldn't mind living here
in Tokyo like three four months which
ones can I touch this one oh the key was
touching her look at the closet man oh I
got another one here what's up man he's
grilling me
he's um you can separate this out ah
disappearing because I don't like Mickey
selves looking at me my you see you're
scared do me gank that is day 1 of Tokyo
Japan it was a little it day we have
many more adventures to come here in
Japan you guys enjoyed this vlog miss
you guys give it a giant thumbs up and
go Turkey do not forget to subscribe
because I upload every spring dang do be
game do not forget the Middle East and
Europe tour tickets come out November
11th 6:00 p.m. so stay tuned so make
sure you guys get your tickets to
November 11th literally the tour starts
in less than a month so I want to get to
meet every single one of you guys and I
want to turn up with every single one
you guys everyone is so jet lag right
now everyone is so sleepy so we're all
about to crash knock out and wake up in
the morning and start a new day let me
know in the comments below what do you
guys want to see us do here in Tokyo
Japan let me know in the comments below
then I'll see you guys on Instagram
today Dhoom again thank you guys so much
for loving support I'll see ya tomorrow
take care and peace
