hey guys what's up into me yang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day do me gang
I'm in my hotel Renaissance Hotel here
in Kuala Lumpur I'm doing my meet and
greet here so if you guys want to see
the area this is it tomorrow make sure
you guys come through it's about to be a
movie then after that we are going to
the secret location do me gang I'm about
to meet up with the homies nas and not
there yo guys we just met up with the
homie after we are out here near the
twin towers and quality but nas is
trying to do this weird like soccer
challenge he's throwing it between
people's legs and stuff you throw him
between my legs man it's like both of my
legs bro I'm texting my future wife you
need to watch it in the video like this
- dude dude Wow yeah so funny guys look
we're at the Twin Towers wood and your
old guys with the brown direction hey
what's up yeah I got you bro you a
little ooh look at that view point
shout-out to the do it watch it my boy
yo look at my dude bro Bollywood star Oh
Shahrukh Khan in the building he's
killing it
we're not though space to him Oh
guys I'd do it for the vlog he does it
for the grand man he's trying to do it
in a more each other go flag of a blog a
blog of flag give my camera kids and get
my kiss right now this crazy he just
moved the trashcan from there and those
kids a lot those dudes left in our eyes
and he's trying to make it inside the
trash can like yeah they're gonna be
tough though it's gonna be really tough
hey lookin bro they waiting for oh oh oh
now you know what I was so close that
would be sick that would have visit you
should do that off the head kick it at
me I'm ahead of with you and grab it
easy yeah yo Edna's got the cops on him
porn us de leche got the cows and as
your hero Butthead roll fro it's not
another cop son he did it though he did
it he made it really good and now you
got to move it straight back to the
trash yeah that was dope a little sick
why Nathan doing here nas come on come
on I didn't do this with basketball
that's like the homie doctors already
feeling the life of a vlogger now I
gotta bring his Lobby happen a
one-minute said in the video huh his
video is supposed to be like seven eight
minutes long he uploaded his blog but
only one minute of it went up hey hey
hey hey
everybody locks out bro last time me and
now as we saw someone snatched someone's
phone and run off in their motorcycle
and that girl that he stole their phone
oh my bad it was the person was there
first she ended up falling down and her
thumb like broke numerate swear to god
bro her bone started coming out of the
picking hand 6 minutes right uh yeah I
wasn't I wasn't better don't walk water
minibike Slim's losing his weight
project was it slim stay straight long
project slim stay slim projects limited
we need one for me now project I was
going on a diet
yeah I'm trying to I need to leave good
you're good 2 kg 42 kg yeah I'll have
another fight down guys always feels so
bad man like every shitty lounge you go
to there's a glow a girl decides arena
hobbies qt7 that's literally Reema's age
you okay what's your name Natasha I got
a flower flower
Oh third I was gonna give it to you no
more I got she didn't want to give you
fresh what's more the husband I got I
was another I love what I got you know I
only got pounds on you you have changed
four pounds no I'm sorry I'll give you
that though here you go got ten Maji
thank you thank you seven that's crazy
it's like we missing I wish I had more
I'm sorry I'm sorry about guys I just
got to my hotel I'm staying in this
suite in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia as you
guys know I always do house tours or
Hotel tours or Airbnb towards it so I
want to give a huge shout out to
Renaissance Hotel here in Kuala Lumpur
thank you guys so much for upgraded me
to a suite I appreciate you guys for
showing me some love thrilled thank you
this is that over here if you guys are
everyone Kuala Lumpur trust me this
hotel is the place to be their breakfast
to take their spot sick their pool that
I never went to was sick it also got a
gym and a tennis court I don't really
play tennis but tomorrow I'm playing
tennis sneaking so thank you guys so
much to Renaissance Hotel this is this
is this is a mess actually
this is let's go to the bathroom here
the bathrooms always done oh my god no
somos masters worse you know say slim
makes a bit wait till a secret location
slim he thinks it's Columbia or Barbados
are the Caribbean for something like
that but slim you're wrong but when I'm
doing it sees everyone guests in what
the secret location is maybe tomorrow
I'll give you guys a little hip I want
to see if any of you guys actually get
it right after knows what the secret
location is what do you think about you
know what bill oh yeah you know what I
told one girl one girl is Singapore and
the Singapore show I told one person
she's the only one that knows so if it
ever goes out then Dennis heard that I
know who it is also do me gang the home
adapter he thinks he pulled the prank on
me I did but he did hey yo I'm telling
you unprintable my G so got my video let
me know let me know if I got him I don't
think you did together
no no knife essential I think you have
to come any harder he pretended he was
high and like he fates I'm not gonna lie
I fell for it was like a 50/50 but still
I'm so unprintable man but now that
you're trying to do that
good luck my brother good luck carry on
it's just gonna hurt just good like you
like also we could team up or not I
don't know sleeping when I open this air
so I'm saying oh you know see but a
doobie gang my brother he flagged a
little bit at the crib every Halloween
I'm always with the Addams Family so he
did a little vlog for you guys so do me
a it is right here all right into me
yeah you guys are about to watch some
footage that my brother recorded he was
using one of my cameras that was really
hard to use and he didn't know how to
focus it it's my fault because I didn't
teach him how to focus it so I did teach
him from now on whenever you vlogs and
sends it to me alive will be crispy
clear but for now the blog that he like
it's kind of blurry but so good to see
The Addams Family so even if you have
your glasses on it's still gonna be kind
of blurry it's all good
he knows now how to use it so thumbs up
and enjoy the vlog from the Adams house
thumbs up
so we're here without all the candy no
I'm not going to cheat I'm lazy I'm
stable mom playing portly when they come
back I get my candy from them okay
listen listen
what does he cause I'm gonna be though
he didn't have one he what he didn't
happen he's gonna be DJ Khaled no the
bodybuilder bodybuilder and everybody
knows it what about you max and what are
you gonna be Power Ranger which one red
one what about you Rima bad girl
what are you sure you want to show them
okay we have that bad girl for Rima and
we have red ranger for MRSA and we have
all the candy today hamza who do you
think have the best costume you Rima or
MRSA the best costume I read aboard hmm
I'm gonna be reminded nothing you were
that last year a different type though
no our had the best costume all 303 of a
kiddie no and what's our bad times are
the candies for the kids I am a kid it's
okay next year Rima how long is now
candy look
no the Venice scare the living crap I
did okay do me gang I am ending this
blog here I hope you guys enjoyed this
life you guys did make sure you guys
give it a giant thumbs up and go turkey
just two more days here in Malaysia then
after that is gonna be the secret
location I'm so so excited because I got
to go to Singapore show I got to do to
Jakarta sent me degree and now I'm doing
a show in Malaysia it was just supposed
to be a meet and greet
but the homies that hotel here in
renaissance-era allowing me to perform
you see you do me again before we we
still always tell you guys come to the
mall come to the hotel and it would be
crazy chaos and we would get mobbed
because we never let the hotel know we
never let them all know but this time in
Jakarta we let the owner of the mall
know with it the owner of this hotel
note to make sure they truly do me the
angle respect which they are now because
I'm gonna get to perform here and meet
you guys tomorrow so stay tuned I cannot
wait after that's gonna be a secret
location imma have a chill oh so I do be
gang I'll see you guys tomorrow do not
forget to subscribe because I upload
every single day thank you guys so much
boy let me support I'll see you guys
then take care
barely
