there's a story like right here yeah hey
guys what's up and do me hang I hope
you're having an amazing day because you
all should be happy and amazing happy
we're not in New York with UK being
apartment trouble she was screaming we
don't we might disappear
hi guys I'm gonna do a magic ready ready
this matrix for us abracadabra are you
guys are gonna thumbs up this video
fuck yes yes they're laughing at me she
was happy thumbs it up because it
happened and everyone else is laughing
hi guys right now we're in Manchester we
have a show and match as a sold-out show
but the only thing is is that hotels at
UK suck like I don't know if it's just
hotels we go to but the hotels in UK
suck but they're really really bad like
there's no elevators no elevators so we
have around 10 luggages to take down
which sucks really really bad like what
kind of kind of hotel has no Elliot Remo
say averages Avril bring elevators
elevator speaking of bridge Jackson
remulak fish Thanks you ready for the
Manchester show ya who's Manchester I
found out Reema thinks Manchester is a
person but because it says Manchester it
takes will Manchester is a girl she's by
the way I have a Barcelona I have a
Barcelona outfit oh is this okay for I
brought something outfit and convention
sir
to make sure no one you know gets angry
I'm wearing a personal I don't know I
just I like the I like to fit and
everything with this over I should have
wore like a Manchester United think so
Manchester got a lot of feedback sing
it's tiring right ready some what are
you doing bro
you know people new gig in love but you
just not New York City to be wearing
shades outside yeah
Vikas and slim right choice it they like
me freaking door not believe it like the
door hair photographers I'm like my
debit card and everything is inside but
like I got like the freakin door guys
the hotel was so trashed that there was
no toothpaste in the hotel so now we're
brushing our teeth on our way to the
show which is so it's sick
sad little hallway Michael but given
that toothpaste yeah two days and the
hotel didn't have no toothpaste at all
ya know what you don't even it puts
those watching news is your wedding out
on the shit some you disgusting bug
what oh man not again so like so much
security we have oh my god everyone
walks around with like walkie-talkies so
that's it from the homie Michael and I'm
gonna speak the or the orange one you
present yeah yeah what's going on what's
up roses Adam how's it going yeah
there's people are using you know
yeah hi guys so we're backstage with
Rebecca we pulled out a camera they're
like wait here you shout out to Rebecca
because like Mercedes that we'd have she
works with Mercedes and she hooked us up
with a break-in so thank you so much I'm
finally got Sam here in person and
Louise got the best friends
Bessie's BFFs you gonna see someone soon
you're gonna see someone soon
I have the microphone Dukey
screw you guys sweets everything you
need we must say no say no to strangers
giving you candy
Oh
my just age
I was it was fun that fun rosie best
part don't split guys on with the show
it was the crazy amazing show Mitch had
said you guys show so much love you guys
got me almost losing my voice
I cannot lose my voice now there's still
like nothing
i'ma see you guys in the next stop we're
heading right now I got the dope gift
from a car this is insane thank you so
much right thank you so much the old car
we had a little talk after the show
thank you so much Reverend serves you
stay strong stay happy stay positive and
you seriously made my day so thank you
so much okay do me a right now it's like
2:00 a.m. we're finally about to sleep
I'm with the squad right here it was a
successful show every day has been a
successful show we have five more shows
to go we have today's Lester when Lester
right now then after that we're gonna go
to where Bradford and after the Bradford
is what Birmingham Birmingham is London
London then Portsmouth so I cannot wait
I hope you guys are enjoying these tour
vlogs is gonna be crazier more let's
limb has to do it there because he ate
unhealthy before and he just ate a piece
of chocolate right now so he's doing -
there's probably what show it was yes he
is he's doing I'm gonna chew the show's
London and Bradford London to Bradford
he's gonna do a crazy crazy there so
we're gonna see how we go hi guys Fargo
have you seen Mary Sue hang on kid look
at me bro I'll see house here I come
here alright guys so I'm ready to go to
sleep right now it has been a crazy
crazy rough day literally I've been I
came in to be on social media because he
gets so so hectic so busy but thank you
guys so so much for coming out
I really hope you guys enjoy the show I
really really really feel bad from us
and I was facetiming him and he was
crying so much he's been looking around
all over the house because his mom and
dad
or not here I'm not usually I'm not
there so he's you guys mom and dad rimas
not there so he's always looking around
for Reema and his mom and is that so
he's milling around telling like where
their mom tells him that they're in
school they're in school and then he
keeps like even though he's two and a
half like he's he's getting like he's
getting that feeling like they're not
know they left me so it's kind of sad
it's heartbreaking seriously how I seen
him cry to be honest I got on FaceTime
right after like a FaceTime for a bit
because it was just I felt really really
bad so Muhsin I love you so much and I
cannot wait to see you this is like so
like I feel bad let's like we left the
child alone but we would have brought
him but we couldn't because he's two and
a half and is to sube he's not at the
AGI remit when she started her tour she
was three and the thing is she loves it
she loves doing it so I don't know if my
son will actually like doing something
like that I don't know maybe in the
future he'll be coming to towards
Buttrey much she kills that literally
she loves doing what she does she loves
meeting you guys she loves turning up
giving you guys high-fives and she loves
the gifts like the main part she comes
to the shows for the gifts so thank you
guys so so much for today yeah other
than that I just feel really bad for
mustin he's just on my mind so on said
update you guys about that I'm gonna see
you guys tomorrow do me a geek veto vlog
make sure you get a thumbs up and go
Turkey
take care and peace I like so baby
please be who you wanna be
I know your father will be proud of you
so don't let anybody tell you what
you're gonna be Oh baby you can have
anything you want for me
you
