it's the first person to love Mira sir
is it you know just for that we're gonna
blasting Xing we're gonna dance I'd a
person in India has been sitting there
and handmade
yo yo yo what's poppin I'm here with the
homies ed yo so I seen that you went to
club pronounced at Club Hill he wants a
club he'll with money kicks and mo vlog
we went there yesterday
yo thank God be better come it was
insane Oh scary much alarm set off way
I'm glad I'm sure you guys have put it
right here now but we out here where we
are in Luton I haven't been here for
years but we're going to a shop a closed
shop around here doing some shopping it
for be high here in luan so I'll see you
guys in the next shop guys a lot of you
guys here Louis hey what's up what's
poppin now I hear it was good what's up
hi guys we just got to fit bi here and
Louis I'm here with the homie Abdullah
I'm done are you gonna hook me up today
yeah make me look at you look slip today
yo yo the best somewhat coming soon all
right
sure that sounds good sounds good we out
here go in there what's up hi this is
the ladies section just go like I
thought you're gonna give me like woman
kick now I want to get something good
what's the occasion like I might be
married to you under these you like
something like that
do you like velvet velvet I like velvet
oh I just wanna look sick that one is
kind of big on me but now look at this
lick up with yo like how much options
the eternal would you prefer this see
there's so much I don't know which one
to choose
mmm okay hmm yeah like that was cool
guys we're here with his father Abdullah
bin hey babe dollars open Arabic we do
the opposite the opposite yeah yeah like
what means so Adam and and and I'm so
you can say yes the lavash Lahaie do it
nice to meet you so we're good okay
what'd you think about this one
fantastic it's very nice funny cause
it's fantastic for any care for certain
shows as well event you want to wear it
in we can take you make to my hair
imma try this one out let's see oh thing
about this one we can we can make me too
much so these are called salwar kameez
they're called Shivani or should one
human what's the difference between
Shivani and sour camis Sherlock amis is
mocha
oh it was more like tell like you just
you know kind of casually this is more
focus okay these weddings where there's
this is masha'allah fuel I like this a
lot this how much how much does this go
for something like this is about four
450 450 weather's good good guys I'm
here with Romina now and I'm della
they're cousins and I'm so so you said
you're half Indian half Pakistani same
thing with you
I'm Marathi you're Bengali those are all
the three countries that's what you guys
tell me now like is this and this is not
a normal hand rookie and lucky sometime
you'll have hand work with machine work
mixed together Wow which makes an outfit
look cheaper but if you see someone
handmade yeah a person in India has been
sitting there and handmade like
approximately they would be about 5000
diamonds on here Wow and have hand pull
every diamond onto this outfit and this
outfit is custom-made so if you ever
wanted to like you don't like they
embody on the hand you want a full
sleeve Wow three weeks I like this
because like it's like I got tattoos but
it's not really in my body you know I
think a new tried more of the other
salwar kameez so yeah that's all we're
gonna try next this is as you hi guys
I'm trying to scream e1 right now this
one looks dope I like this one this is
the everyday casual do range see love
guys wait here for B ha ha hi Aniyah how
do you six alright next time I come to
the UK I'm gonna bring Rima okay yes you
too Brian
yeah hey what's up guys what up what's
up what's up that's perfect yes
yo guys look at these ones like like
mermaids that looks so cool Sally's
sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
like is it too late and these ones are
not yelling so I like that's cool well
thank you so much hi guys so this one is
the one I chose also the other one but
this one is the one that I'm gonna walk
out with huge shout out to fabula thank
you so much for hooking it up I
appreciate you guys blew in if you guys
ever around come through to fatihah if
you're worldwide you can shop online or
you can shop online where for me how WWB
huh
online calm and it's free shipping over
on Japan's dope servicing Union
the Mercosur do me yeah I just got to
the airport I finally got myself our
cubbies I will be doing dares with it
dancing Bhangra so stay tuned I am
heading to Singapore for the first time
ever this is my first time going the
tour is about to start once I land all
the day after I land heading to the
plane - I'll see you guys in next shop
do me gig 18 hours later I was on a
flight for 13 hours I was on a journey
for like a few hours then after that I
got stuck in customs for two hours of
Singapore and I'm here with the whole
meet nap there God knows I don't thing
to pull me out here hi guys so if you
guys do not known after he is a youtuber
I've known him for how long enough like
a year almost a year almost a year now I
remember when he had like two three
thousand subscribers on YouTube now
mashallah is almost around that 200k yo
congratulations first of all my Salah
your dedication is it saying look at
this this is what I love seeing this is
what I love seeing man I love seeing the
passion on YouTube and it's kind of
similar to what I did years ago he's 19
right now by the way happy late birthday
everything with a few days ago but not
there he's gonna be coming with me this
whole tour and we are starting off here
in Singapore the question is are you
ready for tour life mmm how is it I was
a better Rocking you know man I don't be
nervous here they kill it you're getting
a pivot also the homing after he's gonna
be doing so many giveaways what are you
gonna be giving away so guys I'm gonna
be giving read ps4 iPhones like the new
iPhones the new iPhone here's a
PlayStation 4 I thought the new iPod UX
I'm gonna have to say is XS 3x X Y Z
plus 10 X max 10 iPhone XS 10 iPhone X s
gonna be giving tons of those away
pretty simple that is not what that is
dope seriously that's really nice of you
to do that to everyone who's gonna come
out to the tours he's gonna be giving
away a lot of giveaways so stay tuned
for that right now we're gonna go out
have a little chill out come back get
our sleep and tomorrow is show number
one but Singapore I cannot wait after
that it's gonna be Indonesian Jakarta
the information will be right here all
free shows everyone is welcome bring
your friends bring your family bring
your friends friend yeah Oh Phil do you
guys know these was turned out these
ones are for you come through come
through turn up like this view that we
have you can't really see much we're
gonna go on SAS Aussie up
do me gang we're going to a mall to get
a PlayStation 4 because the home adapter
is giving away PlayStation 4 tomorrow to
one of you guys yo guys I'm loving
Singapore literally everything is super
clean you're not allowed to litter
you're not allowed to date it's kind of
strict look at this oh and I know how to
say I love you Miami girl oh yeah well I
am from Singapore are you from
oh you think that means that we would
have shallots not that the cases like
this decide
guys like looks like a toilet
while finally learned how to say I love
you here if I keep saying it to foreign
I don't see anyone from Singapore here
everyone had a lot of like for any
people it is because like yeah we need
energy for jet like when the energetic
yeah bro I have seen points more it's
our first time here it's about a phone
call ready long know what we need to
place it before you don't stop
PlayStation anyone knows of all ps4 is
in Singapore
wow this more is another level look at
it what
this is sick guys we've just got to the
APIs or the homine after instead of
getting a PlayStation 4 there wasn't no
placing before he got an iPad to give
away in tomorrow's show so he chatted
synaptic for doing so you have a kind
heart to be doing this and I'm not yet
be ready if you guys want to win all my
doing but it's winey winey winey
my name is Jason how do you say I love
you too I mean well whining oh yeah I
mean oh yeah I mean oh yeah I mean oh my
god it's the first person to love Mira
sir is it you know just for that we're
gonna blasting Xing don't get it Dan say
hi guys we're in the Versace store about
the binding these kicks they look kind
of like Balenciaga us but they're not
doing see is Versace booty I don't even
know but they're like sick
look at this I didn't we're gonna go the
taxi drivers I'm company's record okay
everybody I'm gonna get these into sick
teles over wait that in the Beverly from
Tobias Titian not waiting I have proof
you prove not so proves nothing
begin again get a Balenciaga no no I
like the visage you once you're so
different
everyone got balloons it don't get me
wrong this sick well I'm saying if
you're gonna get on cuz I just basically
copy the Balenciaga that's what I'm
saying
yeah but it's like but that's beside
beside Simone they feel comfortable to
when I put on
everyone got bliss the other what do you
think save your money other massage nah
trust me those are good is it good
should I get it oh my
but trust me look at my ice and save
your money your Nazis and wives manager
he was insane right yeah below saved
money but by the villas the Uyghurs it's
the same thing nah but this I was
telling you the older brothers copied it
yeah but the money you know you know
about video that's gonna and I'm gonna
say nope is Versace Versace Medusa head
on me like I won't wear naughty
oh this is a gated community keys get
but the proper guys look got it on yo
they look fine I'm loving these bow guys
I never fell in love with sneakers until
these for sake a cable in see a guy
looking shoes came out I'm in love with
them seriously I never buy brand shoes I
mean Jordan Nike Adidas I do buy but I
never really buy like Versace Gucci
shoes and two now in Singapore I had to
do it it looks so good look at this -
this is the best hotel in Singapore
we're supposed to be staying in that
hotel but the hotel is fully booked
we're still gonna go there probably
tomorrow and do me again
we are back what's up we're about to go
to sleep tomorrow is the first day of
tour here in Singapore then after that
is Indonesia and Malaysia and secret
location after has Middle East here on
1108 guys are gonna iPad hi guys for
tomorrow Singapore a homing after he is
giving away an iPad to one of you guys
tomorrow so in each show he's gonna be
giving away something for you guys
which i think is really sweet even
though you really don't have to do but I
do me seriously I appreciate you so much
fun one of you guys is gonna have this
iPad tomorrow and in the other shows
he's gonna be giving away either ps4s or
iphone x s5 phone 13 so make sure you
guys stay tuned no but seriously neither
thank you so much guys make sure you
guys go follow and subscribe to the
homing after the link will be in the
description down below go subscribe him
he uploads every day also he's so
passionate
he's so dedicated yo seriously you're 19
years old now you just turn 19 I love
scene that was the same thing with me I
used to work hard edit and be dedicated
upload every single day so you doing
that it means a lot seeing you do that
some people they don't do no effort no
you know no pad
- they're just lazy but you I appreciate
you inspire me not in all your hard work
not oh you threw yourself seriously what
you do is you now so show him all the
love everybody knock out so hurry and
turn up tomorrow's gonna be turnin on it
so let's get it do me I do not forget to
give like a giant thumbs up and go
Turkey I'll see you guys tomorrow take
care like
