so let's switch back this is a different
challenge we do know this is funny but I
like this game this is fun hey guys
what's up and do me gang I hope y'all
having an amazing because I'm having
amazing itself I'm having an amazing day
do all should be having an amazing happy
day so today we're doing a different
kind of video I don't know if this is a
trend or not on YouTube I think it is
good I love people doing I've seen it
all people celebrity smash or pass or
like no no to tuber youtuber youtuber
smash or past Smitty today they're
talking about you know like smashing the
like button so make sure you guys smash
the like button just go for a million
likes it's never always aim high you
know what I'm saying so someone's
telling me to do this type of video
balls like a Smasher pass seems too
extreme and date or something so yeah I
don't know so I decided you know what um
we should do what is it called kiss or
this what stop
kiss or this I feel like I've seen
another youtuber do it so yeah it's kiss
or diss pretty much so like so either
I'm Irish this house goes I must show
you a youtuber girl alright yeah and
then you're gonna let me show you a
picture and shit and say your name yeah
and they're gonna tell me if you would
kiss her or dis her ask me and I
wouldn't want to dissing I had a long
day today me some working on our project
and I had no video and someone's telling
about this video I was like oh can I do
it to you and he was like nah man
Sophia will kill me
stopping you and whippin that way man
so I tweeted on Twitter today guys where
I was like yo tweet me some really
female youtubers easy oh sorry that's
all I told you how to between some
female youtubers because to be honest no
female youtubers bro I'm daddy cuz it's
okay
yeah whole different like I know a
couple of obviously big names a big
names and I'm saying but I still know us
makeup industry is different though but
let's get started so I'm gonna name some
they started off with oh man I really
don't I really what I do what I do is
what I agree to something that I don't
I do this money wrong let's start off
with Oh hurry a vine will hop who's that
uh-huh she said it sounds like an Arabic
name Evan WA head Ivan the head I've
been with AB says like every name right
is she a real person she looks like a
catfish um probably not me you kiss but
just like a kiss like not like kiss like
just kiss like that well huh let me see
sense
like kiss not like kiss like like like
like the notebook kind of kiss or no I
like like like it's uh because like oh
damn you pretty much call me I've been
with her this is bad man people are
gonna judge me so hard for this no judge
of judge imminent video tweet me in like
let me know we are judged by size funny
this shit is funny to me man
some your shoulders like so heavy I'm
shut yo ass up shoulders so he's like
she's oh gee on YouTube
her name is Val green glozell green Oh
God
yeah shows wears green lipstick uh-oh
I'll definitely kiss her you guys ever
do lipstick yeah cuz she has green
lipstick as well
Wow and to be honest that's all it takes
she's funny though she has a has a
really good personality I feel like you
know we'll have like a connection so
glozell yeah you're an OG another one
ready let me know who is the first so we
can approve but no no let me know this
one's another og on our tube we need our
proof Constance mrs. Miranda sags
Miranda Theo my little sister loves a
girl yeah um seriously not she misses
the shit out here and everything uh no
I'm sorry I felt like I feel like this
I don't know cuz that red lipstick was
like all around her lips eyes from here
maybe she was I'm like maybe shoot dis
yo ass too tight she probably would I
don't know it's okay like Gabi show her
what she has cool hair I don't know oh
yeah it's blue yeah favorite color bro
um blue my favorite color in the world
blues over really but just open here mi
ly sorry
she's diviner oh yeah of this she had
pink hair maybe kiss well thank you if
she had pink wow you
get on hair color now no I'm just saying
I just let's just switch back this is a
different challenge with you now this is
funny but I like this game this is fun
man this one it was highly requested a
lot a lot people see this yeah it's the
homey kind of the homies sister mo vlog
sister LAN arose oh man no more vlogs is
cool but I'm with his permission
kiss so yeah yeah yeah she's cute boy
like I'm gonna this is a bad idea
Danis Anjanette what do they go calm at
everyone else's video and they let them
know and like it just is a it's not
that's a good idea yeah should go that's
not a new video no I've gotta change
I don't it's nothing there's no I quit
the game no no I got a funny one
I quit the game about Zoe bird this I'm
sorry
where you go this I'm done with road
display board when I was on a lot bro
come on man I mean people tweet me a lot
of shape a lot of people different
people tweet me a lot of different names
bro and I wrote down some how much you
have left I have a couple left's I've
been a little punk bro shit alright guys
I just yeah so it just just gets anyone
I'm not a punk that's it's time to be
tough yes yeah awesome how about we both
got mad love for her okay Gina baby bear
yes whoa
Brody's guy said it in a heartbeat wrong
he's subject okay you said in a second
game Gina I love Gina yeah she's cool
man she's cool yeah she's she's really
really cool yeah but you said one of the
sweetest yeah she was ever does Gina how
about Sniper Wolf
she's like a game everything cuz I'm
sure
oh that looks like Sofia no that looks a
lot like Sofia bro don't say that yes
they do and this for that I'm gonna do
this because she looks too much like
Sofia Sofia feels like my sister and
yeah bro she like that like Sofia she
looks like Twitter closely how are you
bugging they look like twins a favorite
of mine because she is one of my
favorites because I was like you know
the winged greatest wingman of 2016 in
this one the worst the worst guys you
might remember I'd Annika I mean I mean
Veronica
maril twin sister half a twin Gimbels
kiss
Adonijah I'm so happy
as far as you know I'm in I was greatest
movie in 2016 I don't kill anybody says
bro dad to Veronica I miss you duh what
I was Cena for mister she's cool her and
Vanessa they're both really really cool
I don't know how people do these like
video videos with like their boyfriends
and girlfriends is like yeah I'm doing
it myself and I'm single and it's so
awkward
this is Roy you're not Joyce who marina
Joyce no that's not girl that like yeah
we're not kicking up kind of fun I
definitely got kidnapped but did he get
kidnapped it was like that we this sly I
mean she seems cool like happy yeah but
like being happy all the time positive
yeah but that's creepy to be half that's
over here do you like how are you hey
how's it going yeah but hi I mean it
kind of matches your personality like
hey if I'm having an amazing day you
should be having an amazing day how
about the one you tried twinning with
before Joanne's a scammer it's what it
was how you present again oh this I'm
sorry but bad day I would I would love
to chill during the skimmer
I mean you have leather Lacs to my life
right don't worry brother
all right this one was the most tweets
that every was payment showed me like if
I see one where the snails what a slap
someone
she's cooler was it you know she is home
you know what I don't know that was it
miss Matson a cabaret
Nazanin kobbari there kiss she's gonna
kiss ya no way yes I'd like she was like
except I think she's like a sister whoa
I'm sister to kiss real quick I did it
the last one I I didn't want this girls
the previous one was it to be honest
like no so no hey like I'm be honest her
name is I think name is Salima
slay moment Salima you never heard a
saloon with a youtuber no is there
selim on vacation yeah painting go
definitely kiss I will give it all man
I'll give this girl the biggest because
all right now whoa
who did that I just snapshot they've got
those funny can we done some we're done
yeah man I said yes we're done we're
done
finally dogs video I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did give it a thumbs
up and go turkey if you guys think we
missed any youtubers maybe we'll do a
part two I'll do a part two and he'll do
it for me so let me know in the comments
below I don't know I'll do maybe I'll do
a part two either either on YouTube
where I can do it on like a live stream
just for fun for entertainment so I'm
yeah i really hope no one like judges me
or like looks like bad cuz it's just
just like a fun video so i really hope
you guys enjoyed i shout out to all the
youtubers that he named thank you guys
so much for being a part of shout see on
the video thank you to slim for being
the worst host well I'm the worst host
that was a great help
so make sure you guys check it out go
subscribe to hang up now see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace
we wanna be I know your father will be
proud of where you're gonna be so don't
let anybody tell you what you're gonna
be Oh baby you can have anything you
want from me
