hey guys what's up and do me yank I hope
you're having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so important
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day we're out
here in the city 34th Street I do not
know why I'm wearing my Easy's cuz it's
raining really hard I didn't know sorry
I have a check the weather so I came out
me my brother we came up with like a
nice idea to give my dad an extreme
makeover not that he needs one because
he's already looking fresh just but we
wanted to give him one and I was here
for the fashion shuttle because I have
not uploaded for the fashion shuttle for
a while but me my brother we're gonna go
around look for something dope for him
and give it to him and enjoy the time in
his city then head back home you just
got to gap the reason I going to gap
because they have my dad sighs I don't
know what to get him do I get her like
something like a dope blazer like a I
want to give him like a dope mafia kind
of look like a boss like you know like
walking hey so me and my brother we
chose him out this blazer right here we
also got him these pants sheets why are
these jeans my dad loves it bag he
doesn't like kind of tight so we gave
him a little baggy right there and we
had to give him we got to give him an
inside shirt and I want to give him a
boss hat and you know what else we're
gonna choose shoes too hi guys we just
left gap and we weren't allowed to film
the crazy thing is there was a guy in
there who looks like like one of us like
you know like a hood and stuff like that
he was shopping yeah I know he was
shopping that he came out of nowhere he
pulled out walkie-talkie he's like yeah
I just told him not to stop to him and
then Cameron says he was like yeah you
guys got to stop filming I'm we looked
around we're like and then he ended up
talking to us and telling us that from
now on like around shopping spots
there's like undercover security we're
like they check for like thieves or
people that steal stuff like that and
it's so insane because I would have
never thought he was like working like
he was looking around shopping and stuff
and he kept he kept staring out his it
he kept staring at us then after I just
pulled out the walkie-talkie and came
over to us and I was like whoa hands up
in there but we were
got the blazer the inside of white shirt
the pants and now we just need the shoes
and the hat and we're gonna go look I'm
gonna get a hat inspired by Slim's dad
so hopefully they can be best friends
after that
you got a variety of hats here maybe get
him a black card all right I don't know
a beige I don't know a green one you
guys already know what sure I'm gonna
get look at this
are you this look you could play pinball
at Macy's
this one's not moving that what is that
working I swear to God I didn't lose
that one is that working and watch the
key thing is that's crucial I'm gonna
make your breath smell bad I love garlic
all right guys we got everything from my
dad the weather is so horrible really
really bad so we're just gonna head home
and see how it goes ready what this
amazing what the way this bad right
I hate it like this I can't vlog or
nothing like it puts me in a depressing
mood and I always want to give you guys
the best black footage every single day
and I can't wouldn't the weather's like
this it just puts me in a mood where
like I don't feel like doing anything
but I want to give you guys the best so
weather
please please some love please make it
sunny for the next week
oh why are you doing that are you
helping my arm
hey I said are you helping my mom your
mom asleep yeah do it my heart but your
mom's okay no problem learn what I'm
gonna do that's really cute
that's relationship goes that's
relationship go oh okay guys by the way
we finished the video is gonna be up on
the fashion channel on Thursday I would
I want to do something you want to say
something what you want to say you have
something here
make a wish you happy what do you want
to say
ie that Matty son you love you three
sons Karen oh that's me wait talking
about now I love my daddy
okay number one yeah then Brian you
should know you should be little bit yo
he's roasted you if I'll be like gonna
watch the vlog anyway
now you save a sweet you said you super
sweet what do I mean my dummy you say
that you say that there's gonna be a
fight bro yo do you man you met night
good night dope on tonight pull up the
hands come on okay everything is okay
what up cuz shut up close what I'm
cutting so I thought I'm just joking
what happening so I'm planning out doing
something really really dope you guys
got let me know what you guys think I'm
planning on doing a new intro video from
my vlog channel and the new intro video
is gonna go something like this give you
quick like five six seconds but I want
it like have you seen full house like we
show like every member of like every
character in that show I want to show
like I remember the Addams Family like
maybe like half a second of Mawson have
a second Rima have a second of Deena
have a second of like Jamel Hamza say
you have me my older brother my dad and
like just like something really really
dope what do you guys think let me know
like something that like I don't know
I'm still working on it I'm working on
doing it myself but I just I just wanted
the stop picking nose long white
did you just kiss my knee what I think
isn't my knee so I don't know stop
kissing my knee though he's money kids
get dues any or kiss my mom's V not me
okay cuz I'm still a baby absolute I'm
gonna kiss attack alright guys see you
guys okay no more kisses he's know what
kisses know my kids that stop okay what
the heck is going on
okay okay okay stop by all you guys gosh
Boston just bit Deena he was lying -
he's gonna kiss her
he just bitter what the heck okay thank
you so you guys let me know in the
comments below what do you guys think
about that like a dope like the whole
Adams family or like I don't know you
guys ever know so you guys let me know
in the comments below and I'll be
working on it so hey look at this this
is dope I've always wanted Rima
who is this summer shirt thank you Dad
he got it right
dude I got it yeah you can win a prize I
would take you to chef Lee's spot and
I'm gonna take you to UK and you're
gonna go to Orlando Miami Disneyworld no
fighting no fighting okay don't push him
back no fighting who's that happen
what Thank You CEO gives me thank you
Wow yeah kissing Justin Bieber oh my god
okay okay okay I got lots to light on my
face
yes what's the light in my face okay
that's it okay okay stop it okay Mohsen
stop biting people okay
I said stop bite no stop biting people
what are you wrong with you something
mom no you know you're not gonna fight
fight him or beat up anybody mustn't get
up you're gonna stop fighting okay you
guys to fight you okay okay stop
fighting what's wrong with you guys okay
no nothing okay okay okay no fighting oh
my God look at this oh my god guys a
girl is happening why my blanket is
trying to fight it comes stop fighting
oh my god this is siblings fighting Rima
and Moxon hey vs. Dina
Angemon where dad comes in Oh fights
break it up Oh everyone to apologize to
each other and give each other a hug
where's mustard go see sorry muffin
what's wrong with you by playing hard to
get okay okay
a lot of drama going on today with the
Addams Family is insane seriously man I
want you guys always hug each other and
always be 1 because the Addams Family is
one okay Neela go Venus is a drama queen
disco I got you another one okay do me
yank it it's time to wrap up this vlog I
hope you all enjoyed like if you did
make sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey thank you guys so so much for all
your continuous love and support you
guys always show every single day I have
some dope dope videos dope dope vlogs
coming through this week fashion videos
are back also I'm trying to bring back
the main channel videos back so stay on
the lookout for that my main channel
it's almost at 2 million subscribers
this channel is almost at 2.5 million
subscribers which is insane this is my
vlog channel just turn to like my main
channel and altogether I almost have 5
million subscribers that is literally
insane I wouldn't be here without you
guys to do me Inc so thank you guys so
so much stay tuned for the future videos
that's gonna come through and I'm so
excited I'll see you guys tomorrow don't
take care or pitch I love you
I tell you what you gonna be Oh baby you
can have anything you want
I
