so my addiction is
hey guys what's up and to me I hope you
all having an amazing day this video is
gonna be kind of short
it's literally me explaining what's my
addiction I was trying to upload the
video that I had but the Wi-Fi here
whenever I'm in the UK it literally
takes hours so this has something to do
with my addiction and the reason why I
say addiction is because I feel like
every person in the world has an
addiction whether it's good whether it's
bad
I feel like this addiction that I have
it's kind of good in a way but it's also
kind of really bad in a way so I'll be
uploading this video instead because
it's gonna be much shorter so it's
getting much easier to upload and once
I'm in Singapore hopefully I'm gonna
have really good life at because I'm
probably gonna be at the best hotel in
Singapore so I'm hoping the Wi-Fi is
good there and then I'll upload my other
videos there but yes I've never really
spoken to you guys about this as you
guys know I've been uploading daily
vlogs since like 2013 which is like five
to six years which is around almost 2000
videos the good thing about it is that
you know it's like a diary for me and I
love going back to videos and seeing
what I did there when I did that day and
just watch it I like memories and I also
love my new me getting you guys I love
it's Iraq don't you guys in every single
video I love making your days in every
single video I love giving positive
messages in every single video I love
being with my family you guys see my
family in my videos me going on tour my
videos literally everything I love
everything about it
so my addiction is I don't like I don't
really know the name of it but my
addiction is pretty much daily look like
vlogging every single day and knowing
that I can't miss a day like I literally
can't function if I can't get the video
up I would be so stressed so annoyed if
I can't get the video up but whenever
I'm traveling a lot of you guys know
especially on Twitter I always tweet you
guys and tell you guys whenever I'm
having trouble uploading but a lot of
times whenever I'm traveling that's when
I have trouble most uploading but at the
same time that's what I'm most excited
about uploading to so it gets me so
freaking angry whenever like I don't up
laughs whenever I go up like I need to I
edited the whole video I rendered it I
did everything just so I can't upload it
and at the same time I'm already filming
the like for the next day so it doesn't
even make sense
to miss a thing but it's come to this
point do me anywhere literally yesterday
when I was uploading my video all my
friends came to say Adam let's go we got
to go to dinner let's go and I literally
cancelled I was like oh I can't go to
dinner I got
I gotta upload my video and they were
like it's okay just come eat dinner and
you'll be back in like an hour or two
then you can upload your video and I say
no I'd be like no no just go to dinner
just go that's why I even tweeted I'm
dead-ass show up to someone's house if
they have fast Wi-Fi and I'll pay you
guys 500 pounds not even joking next
time I'm here if you guys have fast
Wi-Fi only if it's fast and when I mean
fast I mean like five minutes to upload
like my house Wi-Fi if it's literally
like a 5-10 minute upload I promise you
guys well lollie I'll give you guys five
hundred pounds and sometimes when I go
to places I'll literally bring my laptop
with me and I'll be editing in front of
the people of having meeting to it then
I'll be rendering it I'll be uploading
it then after I'll be doing the
thumbnail not talking a lot friends and
not talking to anyone in the meeting I
mean some people do look at me and be
like oh wow that's that's good
dedication but some people also look at
me like damn dude it's okay just miss a
day but I don't look at it that I'm like
no I cannot miss the day like I got the
video so what I'm trying to say is that
this is a really big addiction of mine
and I just know clocked it today also a
lot of people are telling me to take a
break take a break but I really don't
feel like I need to take a break break
so for losers I feel like everything is
about to be super late because I'm going
to Singapore for the first time
hopefully I can meet that most racist
youtuber a machine I'm gonna go to
Indonesia Malaysia and then after that
the secret location you crazy
taking a break that's like tell me a
wife like babe we need to take a break
right now I just don't want to see you
for a week or two so get them I'm just
joking but you guys know what I'm saying
that is pretty much my addiction is
daily vlogging and my biggest pet peeve
is not uploading maybe it's that maybe
it's not an addiction maybe he's just a
big pet peeve that I have you guys tell
me if it's an actual addiction or not
because I feel like anyone can have an
addiction even if it's like wearing hats
or anything weird my weird addiction is
daily vlogging
what's your weird addiction anyways do
me this is the video for today I had to
cut it a little short just so we can
upload in time thank you guys so much
for your love and support I truly
appreciate every single one you guys
seriously your motivation your
dedication is the one that keeps me
going thank you guys so much and I
promise you guys I will always keep you
guys proud just like how you guys always
make me proud I love you guys and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
see your porn gonna need your Malaysia
and CB location I'll see you guys soon
take care and peace I love you guys
hey man I love early
