they do that for the whole day they do
this for the whole day the whole day run
oh wow what the heck
yeah what's popular doom again hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day it do me getting it
is my first day here in London I'm about
to go meet up with the boy Harris Jay
finally for once I'm going to central
London I always stay like Outer London
like north or south I don't know East
why I don't know nothing about the mud
even though I come here so much I only
know the slang and I don't really know
much about the neighborhood's you guys
got to teach me more man well I know it
was like market but I'm not the head to
central London right now we're gonna
have a crazy good time being Harris
about the ketchup before I go to
Indonesia Jakarta and Kuala Lumpur I
must say this as fast as I can because I
need to go meet up with them do me again
do not forget to give the blogger
doesn't drop again subscribers I've
learnt a sick day wow man that was quick
I sound like Eminem how days everybody I
want to talk they got some say but on
the hi guys I just got to Westminister
this is where I'm gonna meet terrorists
feel like a local right now cuz I'm
sitting down in the bus stop I needed to
sit my foot started hurting man oh my
god it was weird doing London things I
doing it okay dude you want to be
friends maybe one day
maybe one day UK this is the first time
walking alone I feel so much freedom
feels so good on my iced coffee and my
little brunch right here West Minister
I'm doing a little bit of shopping I
might get this right here this looks so
cool it's All Saints is one of my
favorite brands right there I'm kind of
feeling this so I'll put this on instead
my hair is a big mess I literally put
nothing on this is what happens when you
don't have conditioner look no
conditioner but I'm heading to the Big
Bend right now to meet up with the homie
Harris and nas I've never really seen
the Big Bend properly for a while so I'm
gonna go and see it explore and have a
good time so I'll see you guys the next
shot guys look the time I want to see
the Big Ben it got construction all over
around and I cave it's enough what play
I can't what the heck is this I came
where's the Big Ben hi guys I've been
hired as a photographer
oh my god shoot outside you picture wait
let me show the view ready
yes yes how'd you get away from uh put
them on me now I'll burn me good night
yeah that's good nice to meet you from
from New York thank you yeah good day
guys I've been standing here for five
minutes and I've been taking everyone
pictures let me take a picture that view
uh I got you I got you I got you
it's so cute look at that you guys are
so cute ready like that tell me if you
like it all right way from Mexico nice
viva la meheeco what's up how's it going
without yes good you guys are goals keep
it up are not easy to build and say what
up what's up homie eyes doing bro course
I've got the London homie London squad
out here no that one's my dough just
pulls up to London like out of nowhere
bro you know just pulled up boys chillin
we just say yo I do like where for a few
days I'm trying to tell Harris right now
to come to the secret location what's
the secret location how would I go
that's your head man we're not going
there now as you know we're going nas
knows of course I know yeah we
definitely going we're going you gotta
come through though you gotta pull up
yeah yeah you should pull up through
these dope dope spot we're going to the
bucket and Palace right now just gonna
do a little exploring
mansik how focused they are focus man
focus I'm good keep working hard for
like that focus I've seen you guys focus
cuz I do the scene with the killer so he
was like that Kenan are you guys from
nice to meet you to my trio I'm gonna
come this soon my trio you to thank you
nice meeting you you're not scalable the
way I'm so happy you're doing your you
doing covers every Saturday night your
wallet on my life the whole my whole
family we literally got it on repeat so
head
oh maybe soldier I guess so I'm not sure
I never really do this for anyone not
only cuz you're my boy would I like that
but like there's one of my niece's who's
non camera I want you to give a shout
out for on the vlog but you guys don't
know her name now so her name is Diane
yeah like it's kind of weird
it's kind of weird we're still like she
shows mad love like Jo Jeeta yeah and I
love you think here you go I'm gonna
come meet you soon inshallah inshallah
if you're a bro yo guys look - right
they're about to go play Doug don't say
what you wanna say I won't make you
thank you accept donations later thank
you guys thank you looking like the maze
now huh bro every wannabe you can always
get C's like crazy jacket no it's good
perfect weather were you saying it's
much cold in New York City called for
the Frog to do it for the vine do it do
it forever I want to be like brother
nature right now and play with the Ducks
now say I won't say I won't whoa Harry
say awoke hey you won't you gotta go
play we're gonna get shot whenever no
we're not
I mean kid is doing it looking but isn't
you know these that's too strong though
these Ducks are strong oh you won't
always quick well see you can I can I
rest on my hand so I can feed it thank
you so much sure oh it's biting you oh
hi duckie what's up
Cho Cho chuckling guys look at this
thank you
look at that I gave it what's up my G
see we're friends now Oh your friends
down we cool now you don't say you know
guys we just got set a bucket impalas
these men would die like in a second
movie they're the gods for a queen no
die we talk to them
they do this for the whole day Wow what
the heck this is insane what Wow
the way they walk is so funny oh cool
they got swag Hey
wow that's that's that's dope
that's dope yeah what's up queen I want
to see the Queen let's not have a crush
on I have the baked Russian have you
seen how she looks but she was younger
like 22 22
she was hey she was what that's still in
her I still unhappy 92 but she's still
good yeah so good come on I'm here to
speak to your dad dude your Harris you
should do the same thing the same thing
Justin Bieber did when he pulled up yeah
and just sort of sing in there you know
you should do stuff like that to man
like you should just go out and just
like seeing to sing in public yo
seriously you're not scary this is gonna
sing in public
well you see in front of thousands of
people are you saying I know that like
when you went knowing the expecting you
to do and you're just think I'll be with
you I'll be with you I'll be if you ever
do it in a single okay honesty okay do
it a secret okay
you have the Queen's number I'm trying
to call her Iran no the Queen's know the
Queen's like trying to call the Queen
I thought everyone here had it yeah I
don't know excuse me do you have the
Queen's number you know from here wait
from America away me too oh shut up were
in America huh me to all my Gotham New
York City Zoo so what do you like better
in London or New York no combo
she means New York they say anyway on me
power to the driver man without and love
you man I love you Mike don't let go
don't come back come back come back look
at this beautiful view of the Tower
Bridge this looks dope man looks like
the Brooklyn Bridge
alright guys do me yang I'm ending this
vlog here as I promised you guys one
month ago I'm gonna be doing the fan
edits so make sure you guys sweet me
some fan at its I'm losing my voice a
little bit because of all the chaos that
I was doing today I'm bringing in
everyone to the secret location the one
that I told you about that I'm gonna
surprise slim with I think it's a dope
location to bring everyone because I
feel like we'll be a dope a dope vibe so
I can't wait for that but yeah as I was
saying the fan edits make sure you guys
tweet me as much fan edits that you guys
have I'm gonna be checking it out doing
it either today tomorrow or the day
after I'll keep you guys updated with
everything same thing with Malaysia
Indonesia and Singapore sorry yesterday
I made a mistake as an Indonesia and
Jakarta I meant Singapore lacier and
Indonesian I'll give you guys all the
information on it literally like a day
or two so stay tuned it might be even my
Instagram or my Twitter or something
like that first so stay tuned it's gonna
be first come first serve so I cannot
wait other than that I hope you guys
enjoyed this ratshit vlog dumi yang I'm
ending this vlog here if you guys enjoy
wog make sure you guys give it a giant
thumbs up and go Turkey thank you guys
so much for your love and support I met
like a lot of you guys today you guys
showed nothing but love thank you guys
except for one person who was just
really shady he kept telling me come to
the corner come to speak to and I was
just confused I'm like what do you want
then after that he started cursing out
nos saying nas's @p ho and I was just
confused cuz the dude that even know who
nas was personally then after that was
just like ignoring him I didn't want to
make a big scene I just feel like people
now they just want crazy reactions or
for me to like fight I don't know
they're trying to tap me up something
like that but I'm gonna do that because
these people they have nothing to lose
so do me a
I'll see you guys tomorrow thank you
guys once again key shout out to all my
rotted eyes do me I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care and peace I like
