this was before he joined the KKK the
Kim Kardashian clan George Bush doesn't
care about black people please call I
love this guy right here I put this hat
on and made me feel like Superman
hey guys what's up and do me yank I hope
you all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day do me yank
it is so early I just woke up it's like
9 to 10 a.m. I'm heading to London right
now and this flight is gonna suck
because I land like around 1 a.m. in the
UK and there's gonna be nothing to do so
the whole day I'm literally gonna be on
a flight I'm gonna make the most of it
so do me and let's start off this
journey I give it a giant thumbs up and
do not forget to subscribe because I
upload every single day my flight is
literally in like an hour and a half so
I'm heading to the airport right now so
do me hang I'll see you guys in the next
shop guys look I just got to the airport
I'm at the hallways right hey what's up
so what's up what's your name UK UK oh
you guys go to the UK you London yeah
yeah we're going to London does enjoy
New York yeah live in New York yeah what
do you think I'll live wait let's keep
laughing another quiet subscribe thank
you guys subscribe to Adam he's the best
thank you guys thank you guys so much I
appreciate you
dumi gang I'm finally through security I
might have to do it through those
shopping right now Fargo to London I
want to get me some shade I don't know
which ones are good so thinking maybe I
think this one
what kind of Brendan 5:20 this one is
from I always lose it so which one is a
good one the reasonable price discount
let me see I'm gonna keep looking I like
because I like this one a lot this has
been they also trying to decide which
shades I guess not the gun this one
which one is better
this one this was given way from China a
eyshadow to China was absolutely as I
woke up man
you shout out to the kids that I met you
guys seriously motivated me they woke me
up thank you guys so much what about
these shades these are product seriously
I'm trying to make a commitment to not
lose the sunglasses I have that's better
Pablo knew better you like the other one
better I'm looking at this no matter of
fact I don't really like this more cuz I
got those little things on it right
there I don't know hi guys I'm back to
the octagons the Fendi ones I think I
might choose this one and this one I can
give you
as great discount an Arab discount half
price
now I get this one I'll get something I
like these
I'm not gonna lose it I always lose it
I'm not a loser
why and uber I'll forget ya too much
silver no no he just asked me about
Donna yeah I have a bad habit of leaving
my stuff in uber it's only because I'm
always focused on the blog so my other
stuff like accessories are in the uber
is so pretty yeah oh thank you so much
man yes those yahoo chat it's a Kevin
man 75 dollars oh that's dope man thank
you so much hi guys I got it make it the
promise right now the commitment I will
not lose my friend eat change thank you
so much see ya
essentially thank you thank you trying
to see SEF see you soon thank you so
much I appreciate you hey do me gang I
got my iced coffee I'm about to go on my
flight I'm gonna land at 1:00 a.m. the
seven-hour flight I'm gonna be so bored
but it's all good I'll tell you guys
more info in the next shot I finally
just landed in London I just got to my
hotel look what time it is it is to 7 T
look how late it is everything is dark
outside let me show you guys the view
that I have it's not even a real view
it's so dead
literally so look nothing no one is here
nothing seriously I've never taken a
morning flight again to London because
you just waste your whole day matter of
fact you waste like two days you waste a
whole day doing nothing then you come to
London and the whole night it's nothing
but it's all good at the hood I'm coming
for a good cause I'm gonna try my best
to get everything done that I'm doing
for Yemen I really want to have it out
there and I'm getting ready for the tour
in a few days Singapore Malaysia
Indonesian after that it's gonna be the
secret location that meat and all of my
boys in New York City they're gonna meet
me out there since the vlog was kind of
short today I'm gonna give you guys a
little real talks we'll add on the first
real talks where Adam is gonna be what I
learned in life as you guys know I've
been doing YouTube since I was 18 years
old I am 25 years old now and I'm gonna
give you guys some lessons that I
learned in life and hopefully you can
teach you guys all so anyone who's
younger I don't want you guys doing
maybe the same mistakes that I did I
want you guys to always learn from me
because it's always good to learn from
other people then after
I believe Adam Wilson you have salad he
wants to roast a rapper who goes by the
name of Kanye West I don't know if
you've heard of him alright guys so this
is real talks with Adam I'm about to
tell you guys five things that I've
learned in my life I've main things I
encourage you guys to do the same
because it will help you in your life I
promise you guys that the first one is
people will always treat you the way you
treat others if you always have love and
respect for yourself if you respect
others your own friends your own family
if you show love to them and be nice and
humble I promise you guys 99% of the
time people will treat you the same
right back because there's always got to
be 1% who take advantage of people who
are always nice so always treat your
friends your friends friends your family
your families families with love and
respect I learned that since I was
younger my mom and dad taught me to do
that I always treat everyone with love
and respect and I always get it back and
if you don't get the love and respect
back and you'll know exactly how that
person is no bueno number two and what I
learned in my life if you don't believe
in yourself nobody will throughout my
whole youtube career I always see people
say negative stuff about themselves
saying no I will never make it oh my god
no no one likes me I can't do it no I
give up
cannot be like that you can't be like
that I know it's hard but you always got
to look at the bright side you always
got to be positive you have to always
believe that you are capable of doing
what you want to do and what you love
don't ever let anyone out there see you
saying oh my god I would never do it you
know just like being down also if you
act like that other people would treat
you the way you think about yourself so
if you think negative about yourself
people will also try to treat you
negative you're spreading that energy
and then that's gonna come back to you
so you always got to think positive and
always think that you will make it
because everyone out there you guys are
beautiful in your own way you're
talented in your own way and you can do
whatever you want and whatever you want
to achieve I promise you guys you guys
can number three this is kind of an
important one I always tell you guys I
always tell you guys subrin jameelah
which means patience is beautiful always
be patient like don't ever be impatient
because when you're impatient it like
gathers up all your energy that it makes
you explode and just be mad at yourself
and everything will just be a mess I
know it's hard to be patient but trust
me be patient it'll be worth it because
in order for anything to happen you have
to be patient that's why I always say
patience is beautiful because whenever
you wait you will get what you want
great things take time so that's why we
all need to learn how to give time
number four
the world will not change if you don't
change I always see a lot of people
complaining about this world complaining
about this complaining about that the
first thing you need to do if you ever
need to change yourself and want to
change something that are complaining
about is focus on yourself
change yourself and then after that you
can try and change the world let's talk
and more action last but not least
number five is always stay close to God
always pray to Allah pray because I
promise you guys Allah does hear
everything so always give yourself
prayers give everyone else around you
prayers might seem like is just talk but
I promise you guys it is powerful and
tell your family especially your mom and
your dad tell them to pray for you
because that's when the guys are mostly
accepted when it's your mom and your dad
and if you treat them well they're gonna
pray for you anyways regardless so
that's what I pretty much learned a bit
in life I'm 25 I learned a lot more I
also learned how there's no mistakes
there's only lessons in your life never
feel like anything's a mistake always
make it a lesson in your life so you can
overcome it and become even better I
just want to give you all this
motivational talk I want you guys to do
what you want what you guys do what you
love I want you guys to be happy to be
smiling I want your whole family to
always be happy for you guys so that is
my real talks with Adam thumbs up this
video and let me know in the comments
below what do you guys want me to talk
to you guys about next so whenever I
have a short vlog and whenever I'm
traveling I'll give you guys the real
talks with Adam but right now Adam
Watson yeah yeah Salah has about to do
his little talk about Kanye West and
Donald um so here it is
hello guys assalamu alaikum wa
rahmatullahi wa barakaatuh this is a
demotion yeah yeah Salah
yes I am here in London UK you guys are
very very amazing I am here to talk
about Kanye West and Donald Dunn first
of wash wanna say kami was I was already
hating on you from the moment you
married Kim kono - you got me mad
because I'm not gonna lie I once wanted
to marry her and I was trying to make
her my first wife not second not third
not fourth and when you got married uh I
didn't say nothing cos I didn't say
nothing because I know the Kardashian
curse was gonna come to you and now it
finally hit you because I was watching a
video the other day and I saw that you
can yay was you called Donald um your
hero you said the Hat the Hat that looks
like Harry the one that goes make
America great again you said that makes
you feel like Superman I put this hat on
and made me feel like Superman oh my
goodness Superman the Hat makes you feel
like Superman it doesn't even look that
cool this hat over here makes me feel
like Superman I am so confused because
years years ago Kanye West he was
against all the presidents who was
racist just like George Bush once Kanye
was even roasted and toasted George Bush
and live television
George Bush doesn't care about black
people please Karl but this was before
he joined the KKK the Kim Kardashian
clan because after he got with Kym Cano
- he has changed he changed a lot I
think he is now half white I never even
seen him show this much love to Obama
even though Obama didn't really do much
at least he wasn't the racist you're
kissing up to a racist butthole iconic
or - Ian yes I'm saying Kanye Kardashian
because she's the man of the
relationship she must be going crazy so
Kim can audition if you're watching this
call me call me on my cell phone late
night when you don't want one Kanye it's
just really really confusing even Drake
is not friends with Kanye Cano - anymore
the people who look up the Kanye can all
- are you just a stupid please do not be
like him a lot of people in this world
they tried to be like him
they say they want more Kanye's in the
world why is there only one Kanye West
why isn't there 20 Kanye West but no
there's only one
Kanye not 20 not 10 only one so please
stop for now I'm gonna start
because I don't want to go overboard
I'll keep my cool right now this is the
first time ever I did not throw too much
so please cut me some slack
I love you guys and I really hope this
world becomes a better place inshallah
love you guys
in Dumaguete I hope you guys enjoyed
that if you guys did make sure you guys
give it a giant thumbs up and go Turkey
the next two weeks it's about to be a
crazy roller coaster I can't wait I'm in
London for a few days and after that
Indonesian for a few days and after that
Malaysia for a few days and then after
that secret location so I can't wait for
you guys to come on this journey with me
I've been home for a while so it feels
good to be out and kind of away from the
cold
even though London is kind of cold I'm
gonna be in a little warmer place I'm
ending the vlog here do me guys I'll see
you guys tomorrow and Adam saw the flags
or I'll see you guys later on today on
Twitter or Instagram thank you guys so
much we love to support I'm sleeping
right now cuz I gotta wake up early
appreciate with love and support he's
shot I told my writer dies I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace
Amen I love
