how much is it ticket huh
seventy seventy pounds oh you hey guys
what's up and do me yeah I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so I'm having an amazing
day
you all should be having an amazing
positive happy day today I have a really
long day I am heading to Amsterdam
because I have a couple meetings there
because I have a Europe tour coming and
like the end of this month then after
that is gonna be the Australian and the
Indonesian Malaysian singaporean tour
and then it's the UK tour and then it's
the USA tour but today I have the head
to answer them but before I had to
Amsterdam I have to go to London first
and then meet up with Nas and everyone
else and then after that we're gonna go
to Amsterdam before I catch my flight
today I need to go get a haircut go do a
little shopping and then pack and then
leave my flight is in like a couple
hours so I'm gonna head out right now to
go do a little shopping get a haircut
with my bike so I'll see you guys in the
next shot I am an urban outfitters right
not doing some fast fast shopping I
seriously do not know what's again I'm
just gonna get like a couple shirts a
couple pants and I'm ready to go it do
me again they have the same book they
have the frickin same book oh my god
this is good this is it I'm keeping this
I'm getting this I'm reading on a plane
I'm reading this book on the plane this
isn't sick
see I'm getting your book I never read
books but zine I'm reading your book in
a plane and imma let you guys know how
it goes so this is what I'm getting
these two bandanas Zayn's both just
shirt right here
regular black shirt regular white shirt
regular fancy gray sweater an adult
white to puck long-sleeve shirt I'm done
and I'm ready to go pack and I'm ready
to head to the airport so before I go
pack for me to eat an idea something a
little healthy chicken Caesar salad with
some orange juice
I'm running a little late and after that
I'm out with my wife straight home
this sucks really bad I'm trying to take
my wife with me to Amsterdam but it
doesn't want to come oh my god babe
you're too big Ben I'm sorry you can't
come with me
hi guys I'm officially leaving right now
to the airport give me hope these are
the last moments the last moments that
I'm seeing him again I miss you again
I'm heading out I'm gonna miss you guys
so much take care I'm going first time
you went to London for three hours then
go on to Amsterdam then to Germany and
then I don't even know where I'm going
but I'm leaving school you mustn't when
I carry my night was the hug because we
was hugging I'm gonna miss you guys so
much take care of me safe okay all right
FaceTime me when you can all right
you're fine it's me fun doesn't care he
cares about the fly
mostly give me fun guys I'm edited
Airport so I'll see you guys homework I
can't I'm heavy all right now I live
with my just right you live with your
family
my family tradition is twerking my
family comes from you see it's working
right I'm ahead I gotta see you guys in
the next shop all right guys so I just
got to the airport if you guys notice I
have a little a little cream on my lip
because I got a cold sore almost every
single year and it's the most
annoying thing ever cold sores are the
most annoying thing ever because it's
just there in your lip and it's just so
nasty and so disgusting so please do not
stare at it so I'm heading to go get
some Cologne then I'm gonna go to London
then after that I'm gonna meet up with
Nas and slim means some are not taking
the same flight because he booked his
flight really late that he ended up
taking a different flight so I'm gonna
meet him in London and you guys need to
stop staring over here stop look in
there hey do me a
I've just got to London now this is so
sweet
he got me breakfast already such a nice
wife oh he got me breakfast he's so cute
we're gonna go get slim then after that
we're headed out there no customs are
crazy well suppose it did that you yeah
your customs are crazy like they hate
you they hate Americans now I feel like
ever since Trump became president is
just because just become a whole
different leg it's all good I don't have
my breakfast I'll see you guys the next
up guess what's living salad finally
showed up here sit what self was an
alien yes it's not his first time here
and he doesn't know what's in a no no no
slate it will feel different it feels
really weird he I don't know just it
feels weird we in the UK but we're
heading to Amsterdam in like an hour
waiting for the food to come we're
coloring here have a very Perry I love
Christmas pretty bad job good eye color
geez yeah have a very Merry Christmas
like that he's getting piri sauce
nationally won a pair so yes so we've
seen you guys in UK okay go to UK
getting some Nando's right how's
binghams like it alright guys so I have
to leave Nando's because there's a guy
who's about to give a ticket to Naz his
car right now so imma go over there
right now
and mess with him and i'ma speak in a
British accent and be like oh you met
Pam why are you giving my car ticket
mate mate that's my comic sorry
don't write a ticket make me I'm not you
nuts snow away cause it's a loading big
huh it's a loading bay I'm going out so
I go okay mate don't be mad farm okay
don't be mad fun okay don't don't wait
until me I can't be doing
anything
how much is the ticket huh
seventy seventy pounds are you mad firm
or you man
seventy pounds that's how much I'm
making a week I'm sober myself mate
would you do me a favor mate would you
know give me a ticket I need to go get
an ask for a little freaking stability
like manse doesn't wanna go he wants him
to ride to ticket he's like yeah just
give it as a 70 pound team he's saying
yeah let him get to get he's giving it
anyways oh man this is crazy
it's coming to ten minutes that okay in
it ten minutes pretty please pretty
please with a cherry on top
oh he's writing a ticket oh you know
what it's okay writing a ticket make in
it rough yeah yeah yeah I'll see you
mate hi guys I'm done eating my Nando's
I'm about to go to the car throw right
now hopefully we don't get a ticket he's
still there
I beg your please I beg you please
please don't I'm a ticket it's not I
have six kids for a minute huh they're
all buffeting
papa
let's talk about this huh huh my
boyfriend boyfriend No so now it's just
got a ticket but it's okay stroma fem he
has around it's pretty like ten tickets
over here how do you get the police is
about to give me a ticket
cuz I kept like going crazy I am but hi
Bo what's up with you might give me any
tickets laziness
hi guys we're at the airport right now
we're gonna head to answer them I forgot
to tell you guys that I read this whole
book I've read the holes around 300
pages I've read the whole book and it's
one of the most inspirational books ever
and I'm not even joking because Zane
this whole thing I swear my life I never
read books I read the whole thing here
like I'll give you guys a little summary
what's about so he mentions facts and
everything no no he mentions Alaba as
some in this like he read the Koran
three times he um he used to go to the
message every weekend his mom converted
to Islam because of his dad he mentioned
why he came up how he came up with like
all his lyrics some of them are crazy
some of them when he came up the lyrics
of the song before he came up with her
he was at a party just hanging out and
he said something to his producer and
this was like wait that'll be a good
song come down so it's really
inspirational and he was he was writing
about like a lot of people by his
inspiration so hopefully if I write a
book
he'll be in my book as an inspiration
because I look up to him and cuz he's
like not seriously like if it made him
read he definitely said to him yeah like
like how he handles situations how he
handles his problems is seriously so
inspirational and he's a humble home but
I'm a real fan for this regard for you
red vest I'm a real I'm a real same
thing this is it I'm wrapping up the
vlog here I hope you guys enjoyed it if
you did and you made it to the end this
vlog make sure you give her a thumbs up
and go Turkey
thank you guys so much for love and
support I'll see you guys tomorrow do me
take care / peace Allah
we wouldn't be I know your father will
be proud of who you're gonna be so don't
let anybody
Oh baby you can have anything you want
