do me a house my hand there what
hey guys what's up and do me gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day an amazing day that's
what he said I think it's what he said
right now I'm gonna take you guys out
with my bike and I'm gonna show you guys
the journey I finally got my GoPro and I
finally got the chest it's a little
chest thing is gonna be right here it's
Sunday so there's not much traffic but
it still gonna be a dope dope journey
I'm heading to Times Square right now it
should be fun so you're gonna see how it
goes you ready I'm so excited to you
guys
you're not coming with me give me the
coins why are you holding question no
yeah he holds coins and he eats them you
can't he's so strong
give me the coins you're not allowed to
touch coins okay give me kiss ah give me
kiss ah you'll lick to you
so I just made it to time square it took
me around eight minutes to come with my
baby right here in time squared she'll
this is a new thing over here it's like
a nerve I don't know what
it's like a huge you always have to
build things in time squares I like
about look but what tag this is a mirror
bottom you guys this is not happy city
shows up
do me a house my hand there what what it
is murder
I left my bike here like a good 30
seconds you got to be careful New York
City there's a lot of people who steal
bikes
someone stole my bike before when I was
like eight nine years old and I never
owned a bike until that till now guys
you know it's crazy all these spider-man
fever license oh I'm getting attack
that's two spider in the middle of
nowhere but all these people want to
attack you right now Elmo everyone I
ain't trying to get attacked
okay do me gang so I got a little
surprise for you guys I did this maybe a
couple years ago I got a hat with like a
dummies on it this time I'm gonna get a
hat that says do me gang a black plain
one for you guys so I'm gonna give it
away to you guys it has to be a
ride-or-die but do me so I got to do is
give this vlog and thumbs up and leave a
comment below and at the end of the
comment leave your Twitter so I can know
how to contact so leave a comment why
you should win thumbs up and your
Twitter so I'll bring you guys it we
gonna see how it goes
a doobie gang I finally done look at the
Hat right here this is a regular one of
my favorite Black Caps is just like this
but this one has a Duma gang on it I
never sell merch I am gonna start
selling merch and this might be
something similar to it but this is the
super duper like all my merch is gonna
be exclusive but this is get this is
super duper ooper exclusive and I want
to give it to one of you guys and I'm
gonna get one for me tomorrow so we can
have the same hat so I cannot wait to
read your comments and give it to you
guys what's up guys I'm at Hamza's house
right now I got a little package and
we're gonna open it up for you guys
right here you have any guesses what it
is hope it gets the right they get a
prize jacket okay he says jacket what's
your this
hard clothing by times alone hi mrs.
jacket
he says clothing which is the same thing
as jacket what are you gonna say a hard
belt a belt okay so let's open it up and
let's see what it is no one's right
oh you guys are wrong it is a book bag
I'm not told you guys I wanted to get a
book bag I ended up getting one fireline
it's like a I don't know I always eat a
book over cuz I carry mine I carry my
electric bike charger and sneakers and I
carry a book like most of the time now
so I got this one a ski mask so it gets
cold but I'm I use the electric bike and
let me see oh that's game Oh ski mask
that looks like spider-man so it's
pretty much yeah I got gloves because
when it gets cold while I'm riding the
electric bike I'm gonna be using some
gloves I think this has money coming huh
from there look right there look this is
cool I like it
that's pretty much what I got oh no
spider-man heels are the guy in Tomsk
where it takes pictures despite the
spider-man feel the funniest thing ever
is one Reema Jim at play heads up
because they don't know the big words so
they act it out so fun Oh ready hold on
hold a little bit you'll do buddy
what does that remar stomping stomping
what is it magic huh marching marching
no routine nope skip it skip it skip it
how was that was that whilst everyone
oh yes family she going right yeah
what's that
what's winking waking you well yeah you
can't wake do it again huh
no no that's oil she's annoying I'm
talking i wink wink huh
yes we don't wink yeah
why you just do close one eye one eye
huh you guys all done on a wing I don't
like what's up what's up is it take this
for you let's see you take it why did
you take it that good oh no the money
though the money in there was easy
this why don't you buy he's a worst
present to be in a vlog he either wants
to be in a vlog or doesn't want to be in
a vibe right now he wants to be in a
vlog say hi he wants to be queuing of
like he just wants to show his face in a
vlog so you guys can comment be like oh
my god wants and he's adorable
oh my god Mauston he's so cute oh my god
wasn't he this is why he's going to cuz
he knows give me that look like what the
heck was that about I have a question
who do you love more me yourself no I'm
asking you
who do you love more me or Muhsin I love
myself
was it lava heated up their children
meet me okay so the my you fight you
wanna shut my fight yellow shadow - come
on show them how you fight come on show
the my foot yeah that's what I'm talking
about yeah whoa he's mad
yeah boxer what's in a boxing show my
fight oh yeah yeah but yeah I'm teaching
him well again fine you're a boxer you
gonna be a boxer you go up Weston is
gonna be a champ he is gonna be a
champion okay I truly believe that mustn
might be like a boxer when he goes up I
mean I've seen any kid like throw this
much punches and box everything like he
might be a big-time boxer when he grows
up who knows who knows right what is
good do me yeah I am wearing the Dooley
yang hat right here so hope you guys
like then I hope you guys get a chance
to win I'm gonna be doing a lot more of
these but right now I'm gonna talk to
you guys about something that happened
today so there's this youtuber that I've
done a react video a while while back he
did this video dressed up isn't like and
as our clothing and like dropped like
fake bombs and stuff like that I reacted
to it it's it's this youtuber and he's
really I feel like the videos he does
are really like like racist it make it
makes them hate either Muslims and he
did another video what make them makes
him hate African Americans he made black
people look really really bad made it
seem like that all of them are against
Trump and that they're violent he just
does some really ignorant ignorant stuff
so a couple days ago when I was at the
trampolines but I was vlogging and some
little kids came along to miss it what's
up Adam are you moving to San Allen and
I'm like I don't know I'm still looking
for a house I might be moving out of
Manhattan to stand out and one of the
kids was like oh he said that youtuber
lives in Staten Island and what I said
I'm gonna be straight up this one I said
I was like oh I don't like him and I'm
not cuz but I mentioned that literally
for like two seconds out of like a 14
minute vlog so pretty much this guy saw
it I don't know if you watched my vlogs
every single day so then today I was
sleeping I wake up I put up the vlog and
then a couple hours later I take a
shower get dressed and I come on later I
go to my Twitter and I see that he
tweeted me and his tweet was something
like yo if you're talking about all this
knocking out stuff you should come
through and you know
do what you gotta do is meet up wanna
meet up so I'm here I'm not following
looking at the tree and I'm like go
this dude is probably tough man he he
said he wants to meet up and he wants to
he wants me to follow through with what
I said so I had my Mike you know up top
in place we can we can handle in the
ring have a little fun boxing match
won't be nothing bad nothing like that
and then he replies back with something
like answer your phone when you do not
even have my number you don't have money
I don't even know you do what you call
me you're not calling me you don't have
my number
so everyone seen those tweets and they
seen his tweets he answer your phone and
I was thinking two of them I go what is
he talking about is he phone must be
must be something wild like this dude
might be something like doing something
crazy but I didn't get those feedback so
I ignored it everything I was just
chilling and then after that my
management team they hit me up and they
called me they're like yo who is this
like who is this guy that just DM this
right now and I'm like what are you
talking about like they just DM does
he's talking about some fight and he
wants to doing a thumb wrestle I
seriously thought they were joking I
thought they were talking like I thought
they were just messing with me so then I
tell my management team to send me a
screenshot of what he said and what I
get is this like this dude seriously
told me that he wants to hype up the
fight tweet the location so fans can
show up and then we can go and have a
thumb wrestle match for like views and
stuff like that I was really really
confused and I just ended up ignoring it
and stuff like that the reason why I'm
saying right now because I don't know I
feel like when I tweet stuff is much
different than when I say it so I'm
saying it to you guys right now but do
me I'm so sorry for bringing you guys
between this weird BS like that just
happened I'm so sorry for that I
apologize for being you guys but thank
you guys so much for sticking there with
me I've seen you guys sticking it with
me and it truly means the world thank
you guys so so much and I did see you
guys tweeting me telling me that he just
wants attention and to ignore him so I
am just gonna ignore him and I am just
gonna continue on doing what I do
because tomorrow I'm traveling and I
won't be back until December 22nd so I'm
gonna be away for like a month and a
half I'm away for a month and a half so
I got I got other stuff to focus on I
got a whole world tour to focus on I got
a lot of stuff to focus on
I got vlogs every single day to focus on
with you guys and that was someone who
just wants attention let me just
continue on doing me and everyone else
can continue on doing with them from now
on
gonna ignore what anyone says and every
time she can continue on focusing on
myself me and I do me young thank you
guys so much I'm gonna end the vlog here
I appreciate you guys and once again
from the bottom of my heart
thank you so so much and I'm sorry I
have to put you guys through that with
me then that I will see you guys
tomorrow do me Aang take care and peace
I love you and good luck
I'll give this happy baby I know your
comedy so don't let anybody tell you
what you gonna be Oh baby you can have
anything
