mmm I wish you good luck thank you am I
gonna marry like my crush any love you
never marry your question I'm not gonna
make my question marry my cousin she's
typing she's typing she said oh my god
oh my god
here what's poppin to do me gang I hope
you all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day do me gang
the homie eat something he does not like
this interval I think it's funny I like
that honey is supposed to be positive
it's great it's fine positive it funny
is positive right I could a lot of
people say it's cheesy but he is sick it
from Rima I take it from Rima it was a
cornball little paint ball you're making
oh she's gonna bring some peeps on you
man yo homie slim me slim is here we are
in Brooklyn it's freezing it's getting
cold
we're about to go to B and H which is
the camera store I'm about to go get the
wireless mic
hi guys we just got to the camera store
I'm getting the mics right now I'm
trying to choose right here either the
Sony ones Sony was a really dope or I
like these ones I might get these ones
too before us to have these so many ones
right here but these ones will leave
much better and I could do better like
be further out so you're gonna be doing
these days with me yeah yeah yeah buddy
really good good good Mike yeah we need
a good night good night he's probably
Frank's brother I'll get me doing the
pranks together slip I'm adding him into
this the only thing is kind of late
right now so I might do the prank
officially tomorrow but for now I
finally got the microphone I might do
one of them but it doesn't involve the
mic but the fact that we got the mic we
can officially do it tomorrow
oh alright guys so I just got done
eating we just passed by through the
spot where it says the psychic reading
spot which I do not believe but I've
always been curious to go and check it
out and see what they say so am I going
and mess around and see what the heck
they say I don't know I never like seen
anybody I don't know anybody I went
there but I feel like it's all bullshit
what they say there's usually - it's
like are your palms the skin yeah like
the look at your I don't know I don't
know it's a hustle man I'm gonna be a
psychic in the corner bro makes yo that
give your funny video and he's giving
anyone like what you don't like that's a
really good idea okay somebody's like
hey I'll show you my palm yes it'd be
fine
right your life light shows good years
very long life ahead of you this is what
good years long life I didn't know that
like is it like so I don't you met well
sorry so anyway we looked at be very
healthy and strong
wow thank you so you can say that about
and you are a boy oh my god I know you
very well in this issue is saying bro
it's spot-on I'm sorry that's what I
thought of you a lot I promise them if
you going or any one of them go she'll
say the same thing I'm calm nature
didn't show like that it's just a
mistake all right guys I am back here in
Easton's crib I am finally using the
microphone I don't know if you guys
notice it you guys came and see it on me
but I'm actually using the microphone
and it goes up to 300 feet we're gonna
be doing some dope videos from far far
away tomorrow we're doing it today I
wanted to give you guys just a little
taste of the I let my followers control
my life for a day so I decided to put
the one saying text my ex or text my
crush I posted it on my Instagram and I
haven't even matter of fact I haven't
even checked which one is more so let's
see which one is more alright guys this
one says
my crush 67% text my ex 33% I kind of
knew I kinda know that was gonna happen
already because who would want me to
text my ex oh my god this is gonna be
just ah this is gonna be nerve-racking
I'm gonna say alright this is so hard oh
my god this is harder than what it is
I'm gonna start off by saying hey babe
I'm gonna say hey babe I okay so our
guys I finally got a reply and it says
wrong text question mark littell hi babe
I'm kind of confused because she's
assuming that it's a wrong text but
she's still calling me babe
maybe because I did save him well let's
see I'm gonna say I'm gonna say sorry
that was the wrong text but hi babe a
person why am I doing this man I'm
giving you guys like a little taste of
this is oh all right she replied she
said who are you calling babe you're
cheating on me again question what wait
what what does she mean again what what
do you mean I'm gonna say again question
mark question more a crush we were never
together how am I gonna having and cheat
on you
all right guys she's replying pretty
quick right now she said yes
with all the crushes you have oh my god
I guess that's not that's not really
cheating I'm not like I'm not taking I'm
still seeing with no ring how should I
say I'm gonna say Oh nah you're my
number one crush all right I won't put a
heart and send I don't even want to look
at my phone I just want to say like this
oh my god I just told her that she's my
number one crush like I don't know how
oh my god
sure but sure but she says so why
haven't we hung out yet make some time
for me omma her emojis are killing oh my
god I don't know what the heck it words
is going to damn this sucks because she
wants to hang out and I wouldn't mind
chilling where I don't know if she even
wants to be on a vlog or not I don't
mind asking her but the thing is I'm
actually leaving for tour for the
Singapore Indonesia Malaysia so I can't
even oh man this sucks man she's gonna
be mad alright I'm gonna just I'm gonna
be honest I'm gonna say I will when I'm
back I'm actually leaving tomorrow for a
week or so I never knew it's so hard to
text her crush like this and just you
know that
nervous butterflies feeling when you're
texting your crush that's what I'm gonna
write now all right she replied she said
I miss you Adam let's hang out when
you're back I told you I knew it I know
it oh my god oh my god oh my god how are
you just questioning what should I say
like that's what I said all right this
is her last message that I miss you Adam
let's hang out like three months from
now should be fine was it yeah I'll have
to check my schedule I'll have to check
my schedule what else it'll be like I'm
free three months from now
then once what now sounds good all right
I sense it sound like a freakin douche
bag oh my gosh oh my god she's typing
she's typing she's so oh my god oh my
god
oh well she gave me an emoji what do I
say to that and I would say just kidding
I can't I can't I feel bad she's gonna
be like what the hell you I'm nice yeah
yeah I'd better say you I just said my
friend I said my friend nobody say Salam
no no I just had my friend I don't be
like that's cool don't him I'll be like
I that's cool I'll hit you up
look what she said yeah don't be a
stranger don't quit you know what that
means
all right I'm not gonna say I'm not
gonna say that I said don't be strangers
get-ups me squishing wallet get Oh Oh
guys I'm done with this I'm ending it
here tomorrow is gonna be the official
video of I let my followers control my
life on Instagram for a day oh yes so do
me yeah I'm gonna end this video here
I'm staying here another night so I can
do the video for you guys early tomorrow
me and the boys so leave your comments
below of every dare that you guys want
to see any day you guys want to see
leave it in the comments below I'll be
reading them and I'll be looking out for
the best ones and I'll be true
literally today and I'll be giving you
guys shoutouts on my vlog tomorrow so if
you guys want to leave a comment below
of any dare of a choice you got to be
like this I got to be like - there's and
you have to choose from one you know not
just one there because I tweeted and
I've seen a lot of you guys just
tweeting me regular dares I want you
guys to give me two dares and then
Instagram has to choose which one so
we've got in the comments below if you
guys enjoy this video make sure guys
give it a giant thumbs up and go Turkey
do not forget to subscribe because I
upload every single day dummy game do me
I'll keep you guys updated with
everything I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace
