Oh Adam you shine into my eyes Oh Adam I
just
here what's poppin to do me yank this is
Adam Saleh I'm heading to Remus school
right now Rima does not know I'm about
to go pick her up from school so I'm so
so excited to go get her I'm gonna get
bit late so I'll see you guys the next
shot everyone thinks I'm rhemas dad but
I'm not literally like what kind of
diets like lays down in the grass and
waits for his daughter to come out man
I'm chilly nope
the bell rang she's coming out let's go
Reema Reema good you okay
did you have detention or what take your
bag oh my god I'm a real dad now just
rough hey what's up how you doing how's
everything good I know everyone is in
school right now I hope you all are
doing good I hope y'all doing your
homework stays school be good I I guys I
got princess Rima and now we're about to
get Prince bad boy Lawson what you do in
school today good morning what - what
the heck is that he forgot the book
clicker she's growing up and get all
their reading lights yeah after lunch it
was gym after gym
it was
hi guys let's see the difference between
her answer and Watson's answer about to
get him right now
What's Up boy what's up easy the cheese
buzz say how you doing it all good okay
what's up whispering where's mustard
mustard I missed you man what's up yeah
let's go thank you thank you so much the
first thing you say would you do in
school today what do you mean nothing
you didn't nothing at all I'll bring you
in did you do good in school today why
it took so long do me getting every
single day after a vlog is up I always
read your tweets I always read your
comments not just me even this girl here
I have she reads it more than me
literally more than me so I see in a
tweet right now and it says has anyone
ever written you a love song look you
can see it right has anyone ever in your
love song so let's let's watch it what
happen why do you get salty is just a
love song fine okay but just why you mad
what what what got you mad what the word
love for what I'm gonna look at it you
have to look at it Rima are you ignoring
me oh you said yes uh-huh
are you gonna watch it with me yes all
right let's watch it and let's see let's
see what it is that ready here's the
song that I wrote for you I don't know
if anybody has ever bring you a love
song nope no one has ever you read me a
love song can you sing it to me what's
up G you gonna sing a later you had
competition you know what alright that's
easy
okay let's see let's watch it
I don't with his big cold eyes makes my
butterfly so what I was sick
hey that was sick yo you chat out to
Maria Maria thank you so much that was
amazing I love this so much this was
amazing no one's ever sang the song to
me a rain a song Jimmy Ramin I miss you
never sang me a song you see me a song
okay to get my guitar gonna play with
your guitar okay she's gonna go get her
guitar and sing me a love song I guess I
don't know she's kind of salty because
someone else wrote me a love song sit
what's in here you have hot cheetos all
over your fingers and you're rubbing
your hands on my jacket
you want to sing me a song alright stop
rubbing the Cheetos imma stop rubbing
the Cheetos on me you ready Oh Rima got
the good tarde oh she's going hard okay
everybody okay listen
she's singing me a song yes Muzzin don't
don't make it that's too loud
all right so I guess Rima just
freestyled her song with moss and moss
and is being such a bad boy
what are you do it now what are you
doing but you have a song read for me
already what are you writing
Kazi off-camera what little people
animals okay hi guys - Rima brought me
into a room she's gonna sing me the song
it's really loud - ready guys posted oh
hey do me gag the moment of truth this
is the first time ever we must singing
me a love song she literally just wrote
me a love song an intro didn't mean like
an intro
oh you me give you I like to introduce
you okay girl okay girl chill like a
she's hiding she wants me to give her
this girl's legitly
okay I guess she wants an intro so let's
um well let's do it
hi guys please welcome one of the most
famous youtubers there's only 7 years
old
one of the most split people in the
world one of the most huh so one of the
biggest superstars in the world
introducing the Queen Remus
tell them what you gonna do today so I'm
gonna be singing a song about Adam oh my
god I got a guitar you almost hit me my
she sounds pretty good oh I can get
married
Oh
yeah guys give it up Arriba Arriba you
killed it one less she killed it you
sounds really good yeah like you sound
better than what I expected he's not
really good for you I'll give you a hug
you killed it won't let you kill Rima
you could do that on tour you could be
singing any one song so you'd be singing
a doobie gang songs you could bring a
guitar I could give you a real guitar
Rima don't bring yourself down still
don't bring yourself down you're
talented those really guys let me know
in the comments below what do you guys
think about Rima song she's gonna be
reading them let me know when it comes
below she and she was reading it
literally I'm gonna hang this up this is
literally all her lyrics I'm gonna put
this up this I'm gonna keep this can I
keep this yes she's literally reading it
like this look she put it here and just
thank you my favorite gonna go put this
on my wall it'll be the wall the Hall of
Fame wall muffin Remus Amy song what did
you do huh huh would leave you all you
do is be a bad boy eat freakin you you
just a boy that's what he is he's just a
boy look here y'all food I got you girl
what do you want I'm gonna put this
right here so whenever I look in the
mirror I can see her in my song right
there right there oh I Adam I love you
so much
Oh Adam I love you a bunch well Adam you
shine it to my's well Adam I said get
married but I lied Oh Adam be with me
forever and ever that's so cute do me
gang look who I'm with
I'm with the homie Ali aka drew boy Aki
Lucia what's up how you doing he
literally just like did a little mini
throw up on me I picked him up and he
threw up on me you nasty look drool all
over my hand you see this drool drool
here do me gang I'm heading out to go
play basketball with the boys and to
also go to the gym and I have a sick
workout as you
no I always work out for myself but I
also work out for you guys cuz I always
go on tour
why do you always touch my mouth and my
beard I'm not shaving it it's no-shave
November at them
make sure that's your first word okay
Adam Adam see Adam yeah
so close you're good you're doing good
almost there say ah
done
dude another cup of drool look up with
your eyes this way he does he always
tries to eat his feet I'm not eating
your feet I'm 9 yo feet
I'm not a young P this is what happens
when I brought chill with Ali look at my
shirt 1 2 3
oh my god he just drools all over me man
I've got to change my shirt to go work
out or do me yeah I'm gonna change up my
shirt I'll see you guys in the next shot
all right guys I never really blogged
this but I'm heading to the gym right
now to play some basketball workout I'm
with the boys with cost slim the key
fatty Joe I know if I'm gonna have a
crazy basketball game or what so imma
see how it goes always poppin it was all
me Joe what up man I know I've been
Brody chillin
slim is in the bill this let's say
without bro what cash was good
I hear girl bro hey don't vote son we
got fight he was goodie buddy how's
everything ready just do it
I'm always praying trade cool Kostas me
but he's from I'm busted ass this was
gonna play professional cricket he's
still like nasty middle cos always seems
Nick even slimmer always another team I
the only new key just pulled up ok ok
all the time all my time to neuro
two in a row we see that the Protestant
fees rug we somewhat that to want to
roll a real bow we played every one but
not them
we don't play them here we're talking
about it for the new life squad in the
San Diego squad you can play you guys
super alright guys I just got to the
homie e thumbs crib eat some shit
without because I was getting wrong at
this hour
yes it looks good he did wannabe
basketball are you good I'm gonna sweaty
grocers I am knocking out in this I am
NOT getting out in East um script
because tomorrow I am going to the city
to get a wireless mic because I'm doing
a video for you guys tomorrow
so I'm ending the vlog here a few guys
in droves vlog make sure guys give it a
giant thumbs up and go Turkey do not
forget to subscribe because I upload
every single day and do me Hank I'll see
you guys tomorrow
take care and so guys what's up see you
guys
barely
