I'm talking to you you have to stay here
do you want America to be great again
I'm gonna tell you really great no it's
not great yeah great good okay this guy
how do you go to make America very good
tell me what are you gonna do he's gonna
kick my now how do you do me a guy hope
you all have an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy day this week is prank
week it's the biggest prank week that
I'm ever doing yesterday I pranked 3
miles you guys can see that I want Rima
sign is still there today I'm pranking
my dad I was gonna prank mustn't say
about it you know what he's my partner
in crime so you ready he's my partner
god I love you fine
dabble in it no but seriously most are
you ready to pray my dad I don't even
know why I asked him if he's ready
because I'm the one who does the prank
he's the one that just stands there and
looks and just these cute like this what
is what is he doing so this is how I'm
gonna prank my dad today so as you guys
know Election Day is coming up and a new
president is about to be announced in
the United States of America and you
have to vote for president my dad has no
clue that's the good thing he has no
clue when like anyone is supposed to
vote so I told him I kind of mess with
him today and I told him I'm gonna go
vote today and when I come back I'm
gonna tell him that I voted for Donald
Trump I did something like this before
but this time it's the actual voting
that I'm gonna do it before I go vote I
have to dress up and you don't have to
look like I'm on you know I'm smart so
I'm gonna put this suit on and oh and
I'm ready to do it
okay I'm done and I'm ready I really
hate wearing suits because they are so
uncomfortable I don't know I hate it so
so much but um I got to look like I'm
going to vote and I also got to talk
like I'm brainwashed by Donald Trump so
let's see how it goes
I'm ready do this um yeah let's go say
hi to my dad and let's do this
thumbs up and do me again thumbs up guys
I'm my dad right now about I'm about to
go and vote for president right now I
don't know I'm gonna go I'm gonna come
back and I'm gonna let you know okay all
right what are you gonna go now I'm
gonna go now I'm gonna go vote now now
yeah wait New York in New York City so I
gotta go look nice I'm gonna go vote and
when you see how it goes okay thank you
to me I just got home my dad is
somewhere in his room I do not know what
he's doing I'm gonna sit down there and
wait till my dad comes and I must fill
him the news
you know I've voted today and to vote a
lil oh so not oh no right this is mr.
Stevens yeah this is this Adam South
well thank you so much a so I got
accepted for Republican Donald Trump
vote okay okay thank you
what do you good for you let me turn
yeah I'm good
okay can I see something Hey oh god I
got emotional people he welcomed the
himself he didn't even pay tax for
United government oh we have long before
poor man in United States either well
even pay one penny tax why you wanna
vote for him
see there's a probe well you gotta be
tied down no he's not gonna make America
great again that's why he said keep me
forever if he said do you believe or
what is any TV yeah foreign I would've
voted for him yeah why would Harry I
don't want to go failure I will order
for down a chump why because I I want to
go back to Yemen
really nigga are you gonna take her to
Yemen to why why are you doing it to
save me
oh my ought to go back to Yemen why she
keeps snitching on me
she keeps this on me how you know
yeah okay okay you're gonna talk okay
yes we turn pigs assume no you should
want them to he's gonna tell you to go
Finn oh I see that is run yeah
hey mr. Stevens yes Adam can you speak
to my dad he said he doesn't want to
vote for Donald Trump yeah hello good
after already feel governor would any
Brazilian you've done some data Trump he
didn't pay no tax if it unites stays
down you make America great again
come on he loves Muslim people because
they're ugly
you like the Muslim people we had
assumed we had forgiven it's like what
do you mean it was a people can be very
sorry but we are we add number one
people we add number one
then what you I hate mr. Stevens I so
yeah huh captain - we do
oh it should be but it's garbage no but
the Donald Trump is good he's good Oh
miss even thank you yes I told you um be
honest yeah I'ma be honest I want my
heart to go back to the onion yeah
you're gonna go to Yemen - who me yeah
no that's chop Xena man who's gonna go
to Yemen you know Donna chomp is gonna
make her good you know you going to go
to Yemen I'm gonna go your mate come on
you're going to go to you am I gonna go
to Yemen because because well I like
Donald Trump won don't make me mad
what don't make me mad okay you have to
go to Yemen well I'm not anybody I'm
gonna go yeah cuz I vote for dynatrap
take take the team on Yemen
well when I'm shopping as president he's
gonna take her to him I said literally
take everybody to him and who's gonna
take me hey people down is wrong she
does he loves me look I got an email and
say you love me look Donald Trump email
no this is gorgeous no good
meanwhile the sunset at the Bremen this
guy no good
he can't even control United States
where they can he didn't know what are
you doing
do you want to become president me yeah
no I don't want to be breathing you
don't want too much magic if you become
president what would you do what I do if
you become president what would you do I
make that poor people rich and you make
the rich people what if somebody gets
hundred million learn a mr. fifty but in
Tibet poor people I like that I like
that what else would you do I do
focus the country take it very sorry
think from the smaller than to a
president with a bridge so everybody is
same thing everyone's gonna be equal say
say hey I like that I like that's good I
want you to vote it down the tongue no I
want you to vote for it oh you know
i'mma leave that's it
am I gonna dick pills I'm gonna leave no
you have to for hate you make fun okay
I'm gonna leave you I wanna leave no you
have to stay here oh I'm Republican that
can kill ya please stay here do you want
America to be great again
I'm gonna call you really great no stop
great yeah really good okay this guy how
do you let go to make America great
again tell me what are you gonna do he's
gonna kick my on out
yeah well you ain't gonna go back to
human you going to go - I'm not going
I'm not going to Republic no let me go
no wait wait okay okay okay what alright
thank you here face
okay okay movin quit be nice I am nice
okay then literally didn't lack emotion
is a lack of Mexican missile good baby
we pray five times a day we are nice
people
wait wait a savage would you do nothing
yes American is better and we kinda can
our second character everything is good
many times we age and America we are
American citizen of America it's
something ignoble
okay do not show you something yeah on a
vote for you for president
what message do me gay say what's up
is it a new president of the United
States of America the first Muslim
president ma says how does message I'm
not gonna vote I'm not gonna vote for
Donna shop I don't think I haven't voted
for anyone either because I want said
Bernie Sanders so I feel like these
presidents listen you know okay I get to
go with the girly company would vote for
the people vote for him yeah hey I don't
know what's going on but there's some
shady stuff going on since george w bush
but we're now like some more shady stuff
is going on everybody would wear me like
500 love that's some crazy my dad Oh
idiots Illuminati's about to be after
guys Illuminati is about to be after my
dad vote no don't be saying obtain
everybody he's a millionaire you get
blood is a number for what I don't know
knows but I don't want to I feel like
the voting with Hillary down and down
shop I feel like you're voting for like
who's just gonna be less of like they're
both not good so you're voting for who's
less of not good I don't know if you
know what I mean but they're both like
bad so who's less bad I don't know
that's why I'm not voting vote I go back
him and he gonna make it
you think so mother thinks he's gonna
make out I don't think Xena I think
Hillary Clinton no cuz if Donald Trump I
think Donald Trump he's just a publicity
stunt he's just you know it's for
attention you get me so that's what I
think that's my opinion but me my dad
had to go great I'm sorry and I love you
so much thumbs up thumbs up if you want
my dad to become president thumbs up my
dad like this he's got any gonna be the
better right but it didn't who me yeah
hey I'm the vice president president and
vice president I thank you guys so much
watching it was so fun doing this I'll
see you guys tomorrow
say take care okay peace happy life
I love you too baby please be who you
wanna be I know your father will be
proud of where you're gonna be so don't
let anybody tell you what you gonna be
Oh baby you can have anything you want
for me
