baby was gonna almost Lisa you're not
hey guys what's up to do me yank I hope
you're all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day I am having
a bad hair day I know a lot of you guys
always say oh my god Adam your hair is
amazing but fun fact I hate my hair man
look seriously who wants to switch hairs
with me like who got soft hair I will
switch with you in a heartbeat but so
far I'm still growing it out to where I
want it to be even though it looks like
a big mess right now better better but a
doobie gang today I'm going out with my
family I do not know where yet but we're
gonna go out have some crazy fun turn it
up with the fam it's a family day today
so let's start off this vlog by giving
it a giant thumbs up and do me gang and
do not forget to subscribe because I
upload every single day I'm gonna go
change on go see my favor so do me I'll
see you guys in next shop I'm heading
out with the kids and the family my dad
is here so what's up yeah we're going to
a trampoline park the kids want to go to
a trampoline park this is the first time
ever the homie Muhsin is completely oh
this is so bad when you have so many
kids you're moss and he's mustard I'm
sorry I'm so sorry Ally that's why I'm
an Ally's his first time going to a
trampoline park he's asleep looking
could be so tired
asleep yet he's probably gonna wake up
once we get to the trampoline spot so
it's gonna be a fun fun day
you guys ready Bobby ready to jump into
Tripoli with us yeah yeah but you got to
jump with us yeah my dad's gonna jump
with us oldest and the youngest see how
it goes we're going up guys we're about
to go inside the trampoline park
this dude is still knocked out there
they go he's such a sleepyhead man just
want to pinch his Chi
ready ollie
my dad got the socks honors go hey these
socks are so cool because these are for
Breast Cancer Awareness Month
hey and they match my bandana and my dad
is his first time going in oh my god
this is crazy let's go huh yeah look at
my butt yeah you're going do it Liz
Lemon
jump ball jump you got it
I appreciate it
what the heck was that
it was at this moment that he knew he
fucked up
a leave ready
ready guys nothing ready to go come
through
all these locate like ratchet you like
that man you like it
here's yo mean Remo we just made this
place our house
that was well look at my hair Oh Boston
is not allowed to go into the ones that
me and Remo can't go because you got to
be seven and up it has to be in like the
little kid section like he has not been
doing that today he's been breaking all
the rules
the workers are scared of him they're
just staring at him looking like he's
waiting online right now to go on this
he gonna go he doesn't care look out I
got big thing going and I got small just
do it is I mean it's good he wants to
play with the big boys supposed to live
he's still gonna go dorrance it up you
got this boy yeah yeah okay yeah good
look okay yes you okay
you sure he's salty he's so salty
because hits me look at hits me you're
gay
look at me so mad I got so must end this
is what you got to go on look baby I
must be stuck you're not you're only
supposed to go once you went three times
it's not breaking the rules okay guys
Rima knows how to do this dance all of a
sudden shut up what is it
lady she want to go on tour you want to
go down slow oh my gosh oh yeah she's
taking where you taking me excuse me can
you help me out I just keep trying to
take me oh oh my god let's take one okay
yo these kids are mad Kumail is so
excited cuz they're gonna be tomorrow's
like well this black so they don't even
know nothing about let's go yo Molson
has been breaking too much room
seriously his butt is gonna be kicked
out my dad is just here taking care of
the kids always showing love to the kids
recording every fun moment dad fun Bubba
yeah
but what I've been better
a doobie gang I am back home I wanted to
do the investigation to find out my
house is haunted today but the kids they
all ended up sleeping even my dad is
sleeping was such a tiring day the
trampoline park
seriously drains you out but I have so
much fun so I'm gonna wrap up this vlog
here I posted on my Instagram today that
I'm gonna be doing something really big
for Yemen this picture right here so as
you guys know I give you guys a little
hint and I'm planning something really
big for Yemen real soon and I've seen a
lot of you guys saying oh is it November
1st are you going to Yemen no I'm not
going to Yemen I don't think it's even
safe to go there but I am doing
something really big for Yemen my home
country cuz I feel like my home country
Yemen needs it right now I'll be giving
you guys a lot more information on this
real soon I've always wanted to do
something like this real big Yemen you
will always be my heart you will always
be my blood and seeing everything that
Yemen is going through seriously breaks
my heart like you know that's that's my
home that's that's where I'm from and
seeing it like that shatters my heart so
I'll give you guys more info on that
soon thank you ask for much more love
and support you guys enjoyed this vlog
make sure you guys give it a giant
thumbs up and go Turkey do not forget to
subscribe because I upload every single
day do me Aang I'll see you guys real
soon in Singapore Malaysia and don't
need you it is gonna be a little going
with the homey nap there he's an
upcoming youtuber so he's about to go on
one heck of a ride every city for
Malaysia Indonesia and Singapore will be
free for you guys as I said anyone who
already paid for tickets my team will
contact you guys and I'll get to meet
every single one of you guys and we'll
get to have a little chill out so
Singapore is gonna be a free show
everyone's welcome
even a maseeh I really want to see you
man so you can catch these hands Oh
Malaysia Indonesia will be a
meet-and-greet and I'll give you guys
all the info on that real soon so stay
tuned everyone is welcome and it's all
free I cannot wait to meet every single
one you guys I cannot wait to turn up
with every single one you guys after I
believe December and in January I will
be going to Europe and the Middle East I
haven't been there for so long so I'm so
excited chapter two a debut album tour
who knows slim might be there what costs
might be there maybe Nikki Brima maybe
even Molson I don't know I want to give
you guys so much info do me guy I'll see
you guys tomorrow
thank you guys so much take care and
please
