as-salam-o-alaikum adieu me gang hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day it is Friday
the best day of the week I'm here with
the homie must and he's just literally
staring at me right now like what are
you looking at huh what you're looking
at they need to use that face as a meme
you know that right
come on there see how they do me I do
weekend what did you do in school today
you ate what else okay
you played what else look watch it be
the weird is it I'm impressed
you went to the bus what about learning
you didn't learn nothing you what oh you
laid that in the rug did you have you
guys haven't that's naptime
yeah you guys this what else did you do
did you learn like did you learn about
anything huh you learned I do not
understand what you say in lesson 10
would you learn 10 give me an October
yeah I don't even know what half things
do says I told
oh it's October doobie gang as you guys
know yesterday there was a note someone
put a note in front of my door that says
your place is haunted
I do not know who it is but I'm gonna
try to ask him Austin right now because
he's the biggest snitch of the family so
Mawson did Rima write a note and put it
in the in the door yes or no yes she did
I don't know if he said I don't know if
he's just saying yeah I don't know if
he's just seeing a baby and stuff like
that but we're gonna go ask scream oh
did you just jump from there you jump
really high
hi guys so this was the note that was
left yesterday it looks like a little
kid wrote it I don't know if it's Remo
someone else but Mawson is saying it is
her usually he's a snitch but I don't
know if he's just saying yeah the Rima
right this way mom come over here we're
going to court
I have some questions for you a week yes
you got it right now come over I have
some questions come muscle always tries
to sit next to me and then realises nxn
guys this is a serious question it's not
a joke
Muhsin goes to things I'm gonna ask her
the question okay you have to sit there
Remo's gonna sit next to me like you're
sat next to me the whole time
okay it's okay don't worry doesn't
matter if you're sit next to me it
doesn't matter you guys still next thing
okay
must've stopped one two three
he's so bad look so Rima what were you
doing yesterday oh what'd you do the day
before Oh have you heard of anything
about a note no because Muhsin is
telling me that you wrote this note
saying that our place is haunted it says
your place is haunted
Muhsin hora 'this see he's telling me
that really thank us yeah this is
becoming like a change room you sure do
notice no holy hill road it looks like
your hair I did okay that's that's a
good dog but so it's not you sit down
here Muslim sit down here
look him why did you tell me his Reema
who wrote this what I know I know I know
everything is not Reema okay I guess
he's just one of those brothers who just
blames his sister for everything
everything Reema Reema Reema
who do you love he changes that who else
do you know
so who would this know he just changed
it to slip oh my nothing a slump
or who Nikki US are you some because I
believe is some slim and icky they
stayed over my house just a few days ago
maybe they wrote it inside and what does
that mean then it goes who do this no
what are you gonna from Endor pretty
much on a speak Arabic bed yo this is so
funny seeing Rima have a combo of my dad
but my dad is not fazed at all because
my dad is fearless he doesn't fear
anyone but Allah so Baba is there a
ghost in this house or not yes
did you see that much did you hit as it
goes here uh-huh
what if it's a ghost in house yeah I
don't know but I'm kind of worried do me
gang thumbs up this vlog if you guys
want me and Rima to do an investigation
here we're gonna look around the house
and see if there's any ghosts and we're
gonna get to this and the like button
all right detective Adam and Rima we're
gonna be investigating everything
detective Adam and Rima dad thumbs up
let us know all right guys we're inside
my little office where I always open up
my pill box stuff for me Rima and Watson
all three of us also Mawson he's also a
detective he's part of the crew now to
be honest I need lime Austin's behavior
has been coming a little better and I'm
glad it is because he used to be really
really bad I mean he still has the
little bad side in him but he also has a
really really good side do you uh-huh
are you are you nice are you a humble
are you sweetheart yes yeah you want to
get married what do you want to get
married - no look muscle so far you
asking a little kid like adult question
so tomorrow me Marcin and Remo we're
gonna do our investigation our detective
nasai went to law school for like a year
year and a half so this is when it comes
in I'm gonna literally investigate slim
eat some and the keep and heard that man
not just friends also family well
they're my family too but still yeah
that's gone because frickin
yeah that's gonna be hours of a minute
they don't have to investigate through
my whole contact that's gonna be hours
of like investigative but it's all good
and we're gonna do it but today I came
up with this idea to do a little mini
prank on my dad it's a mini prank and
something to like make him probably
afraid and think there's a ghost here so
as you guys know I've got pranked before
when slim pretended that my TV was
broken so do me again if you guys do not
know the TV upstairs in the first floor
my dad is literally always stuck on that
TV so I'm gonna pretend that TV's broken
by going to this YouTube website and it
looks like your whole TV's broken then
we're gonna bring him up on but what the
heck how's the TV break it broke by
itself yeah we're gonna say a ghost in
it and Mullen what are you gonna say not
the phone not the phone nothing so we're
gonna try to make my dad believe that
he's probably getting haunted but the
thing is we don't even know if we're
getting haunted but it's crazy cuz my
dad it didn't faze him he's like hit he
just looked he's like but when we do the
TV thingy he's gonna believe it it
seemed like whoa right yeah but now when
we do the TV how do you think it do
feels what do you mean you don't know
and the door What did he say
he might I've got so we're gonna go
upstairs right now and that's let's get
a start of cool Club let's do it let's
do it come on guys all right the first
thing we're going to do is check these
upstairs you guys ready yes mornings
detectives were starting off with a mini
prank laughter that is gonna be real
detectives tomorrow
I the coast is clear he's not here the
coast I turn on TV you put on TV did I
put on YouTube on TV put YouTube on the
TV I do know how to put it but Rheem is
pretty good help me out mostly come on
is that you
that's why you were watching no you
can't watch the babies we're doing a
prank right now this is what you guys
watch Adam saw that old videos why you
like watching yourself young Oh Oh guys
I am loving this prank because Rieman
must endure actually helping me up
what's the video is probably called like
broken TV something like that it makes a
TV little type it can see this on the
screen this one click on this one
click on this one this one yes yes this
one
don't move okay don't move yes just like
that
guys the TV could spoken hell you guys
ready guys ready yeah even he doesn't
got you we got you good guys look what
Raymond Munson are watching man like
this is their rapidly
most this is for boys and girls yes it
is what's up adieu me yang I wanted to
talk about this but I didn't really want
to make this into a video it's like a
title for and a thumbnails I don't think
it's important enough I just find it
really funny so now all of a sudden
boost these boys they uploaded on this
channel saying the truth about Adam Sala
hand fouseytube alright so I wanna watch
some of the video with you guys just so
I could point out every single lies so
let's um let's go
miscommunication oh I guess it's a
miscommunication that he told the fan
with cancer that he's gonna pay for that
chemotherapy and also did it go fund me
and never gave them anything oh it's a
miscommunication that he left the tour
for himself so he can go see J Cole left
all his fans hanging oh it's a
miscommunication he threatened my team
saying that he's gonna saw us brought
his lawyers and accountants on us oh
that's the miscommunication he's gonna
keep slapping you silly and treating you
like a peasant boy that's a
miscommunication back that's a lie
meaning him never ever ever from the day
I met him we've never but heads never
ever he just said that to make us seem
like that he's but ahead with fousey and
also but ahead with me nope never but
ahead with me he butter has his food see
yes and never ever with me never
so drew I'm sorry but I don't like that
lie me and you never ever butt heads and
you know it and the fact that I'm
speaking about this is because your boss
made you do this video Barney back
usually I see you're backing someone up
so if you're backing that person you're
agreeing with the he does you're
agreeing that it's cool what you did to
me you're agreeing that it's cool when
you did it to the fan you're agreeing
that it's cool that oh my god this is
what happens man you keep it green he's
gonna keep treating you this way you're
not dr. Phil man you're not this is not
dr. Phil it's not about being a middle
man it's about being real that's the
main thing man and I'm not surprised he
lets you do this and film this and I bet
a breezy said y'all be Chad too much
sometimes
you guys gotta stop jumping to
conclusions it literally makes no sense
because it was so easy for them to talk
about to me when they knew I had
issues with him like that's pretty funny
man man oh it's crazy how food is so
good I finding people who are so
vulnerable that
would actually sell their soul for some
ps4 and some merch I'm not gonna lie but
that's that's just being fake to me
being that they're Lucy's besties how
can I trust them where they can easily
talk so much about it I only want
to have real people around me real
friends genuine friends and I wish
everyone nothing but the best here was
fun I just met up who my nephew Yusuf
right it was good it was so random
you're just surprised be honest do me
I'm ending the vlog here yes we're not
gonna you know I got to do the outro
music I don't have told him it every
time I see Mike stop thank you guys so
much for your love and support you guys
enjoyed this blog meet you guys give it
a giant thumbs up and go turkey do not
forget to subscribe because I upload
every single day I'll see you guys
tomorrow do me I take care peace
a man I love
