today is a big day guys it was rimas
first day in school and it wasn't just
something what it wasn't just a school
an ordinary school that she wants to
like a baby school it's this school that
she goes to its like she's getting big
it went horrible with her but I'm gonna
talk about it later but let me tell you
guys first 19 years ago I went to the
school and had my first day of class and
now today Rima has her first day of
class here who would have thought who
would have thought that we would go to
the same exact this is crazy
19 years ago I went to the school it was
so different I had nothing here at all
I had basketball court basketball courts
now has a soccer field before was a
really bad school now it's a really
really good school and Rima goes to it
and she's gonna tell you guys having wet
she is really really mad because she
misses all her friends at her other
school was just a baby school now she's
starting what grade you would Nariman
here and what you're not in fifth grade
be more greedy one
Remo a greedy one pre-k or kindergarten
she doesn't kindergarten and she's
acting like it's white act like a
two-year-old huh reven why is your book
bag bigger than yourself what the heck
they even have in there let me see
honey you have a folder that says Remo
Sally you have this thing is huge and
it's sweater
what the heck Rima that's all you got in
your book bag that's all you got how
they had a computer in there you should
be happy
are you going to the school I went to
the school nineteen years ago two
decades ago I was in the school and I
was the size of Rima and Irene was going
to this is like a legendary thing but
Rima tell them why didn't why do you not
like this school Rima you can make new
friends I'm sure they have fun in the
school because I have so much fun so if
I have fun you should have fun right how
did it go how is everyone there for you
though
who tell me all right guys I think I'm
gonna have to the girls I'll help you
all right guys this is gonna be a big
issue I'm gonna have to pick you up at
school every single day now really well
when I'm not here I'm gonna let my
little brother pick you up and take care
of you because this school I'm gonna
give you guys a fun fact remember when I
was going through all the racism and
like when I was younger in school it was
this school this is the school that i
went through crazy stuff this is the
school where someone pulled my mom's
head job off this is a school where
someone threw a rock at my mom but the
thing is it changed so much that it's
literally ranked one of the best schools
that used to be really bad when I was
there but don't worry I'm 100% sure this
school is really good now Rima she's
Reema herself she's she's the middle and
I blame her the teacher the meeting when
you heard yes you are that'd be good
look at you see you're getting angry
she's getting angry why are you getting
angry huh
because why Reema
smile you can smile for me
it's mom it's mom today is another big
day because we're throwing
rhemas party and Watson's birthday party
but right now I'm gonna be focusing on
taking Rima taking care of Emma I took
her home from school today but I need it
like I need to get like my brother's to
pick her up from school every single day
because I do not one thing I do not want
is Reema to go through what I went
through what me my brothers went through
in this school because it was the worst
ever in my life and I want anyone anyone
out there was growing up as a Muslim I
want all of you guys to you know not go
through what I went through I want to do
the craziest craziest thing me a lot of
you guys know about if it's a lot of
move you got a lot of new people of you
guys who don't know so you guys let me
know should I mention it like do a whole
video a whole story on it or should I
just leave it aside and just mesh it out
my shows but sometimes I only just read
 on my shows but Rima you're gonna
be a good girl right look look at me
anyone messes with you right that's what
you gonna do they're putting hand like
this like this
and then you go and then you call me
okay you can't you don't have what well
you better find some way to call me so
muslin is crying who wants to sit next
to my dad
muslin don't try that at home kids you
can get a big big ticket for that well
my dad is crazy in his way to a nice get
the bag Remo Remo look at me looking
very pretty your gum
Oh sir Muzzin what's up with you crybaby
driving after like 20 minutes Marcin is
finally not crying he wanted to sit in
the driving seat he wanted to drive
why do you have Drive but now he's quiet
because he's driving here this dude is 2
years old and wants to drive
he's literally crying his lungs out
because he wants to drive I've never
seen anyone like that this is like a
sick this is an addiction he's putting
on the seat but he's ready to drive plus
it might be a NASCAR driving racer when
he's ready he was in ok let's go so
we're having Marcin and remus birthday
party here in Czech the cheese hey
haven't birthday parties here because
we've had so many birthday parties here
and it's so ratchet I'd rather do my
ratchet birthday party but they want
chunky cheese because they love him so
much but it's all good my whole family's
come through right now and it should be
a nice fun day you guys having fun look
out smart as a Muslim he knows how to
play this game and when he wins the
tickets he gets it and he's so happy and
he gives it to Rio washes washes ready
Hey
he even knows how to start the game
watch this he knows how to start it yeah
what is this look at this
guys the family is slowly coming what's
up I know I said I've ever seen you for
so long there was a what I was saying I
that's an old joke he's saying one of
those two my easy first of all it's a
joke
second of all you can't roast me I don't
know you've been that vote yeah
never we're here in the basketball court
I always got to try to beat the high
score ready 45 ready to beat it
ready
fifty-two
baby come on baby big fun
my favorite part pizza
hi guys it's time to wrap up this vlog I
hope you all enjoy this vibe did make
sure give it a thumbs up and go turkey
from Austin and Remes birthday party and
finally celebrating a Rhema finally
started school thumbs up thank you guys
so so much for your love and support
every single day I'm leaving to Michigan
after tomorrow and then after that I'm
off to Orlando and then I'm back to New
York and then I'm heading to the bye is
gonna be a crazy couple of weeks so stay
tuned for that and I cannot wait to
bring you guys with me take care her
pace I'll see you guys tomorrow me a I
love you so baby please be we wanna be I
know your father will be prouder for you
I'll tell you what you gonna be Oh baby
you can have anything you want from me
