you know we had we fixed it hey guys
what's up you're doing I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing it you all should be having an
amazing happy day I'm heading back home
you chat after the hill set for letting
us stay one night here I mean slim we're
just chillin we came really late they
let us stay for a night something's
gonna go his way home I'm gonna go my
way home
the thing about me system we see each
other in a couple hours
but those couple hours hurts man it's a
long time man
a doom against I'm finally home my
sentry mother coming in a few minutes
I'm gonna Surprise them in a few minutes
but I gotta tell you guys something and
I know I said that I will like not get
into this gaming app or anything but I
finally made a Pokemon go and the only
reason why I made it because I'm my way
back from the hotel to here my uber
driver convinced me to get that so I
made it but then he showed me this
website which is a dope dog website
where you can literally skip to any
level you want and I got to skip to
level 30 so right now I just started and
I'm in level 30 look I'm on freaking
level 30 and I came with like so many
items it's like a GTA it's like a GTA
cheat code I just got it cuz it saved me
a lot a lot of time so if anyone who
wants to go on level 30 or level 50 1110
you can go to the link down below only
costs like a few bucks it's like getting
it from an app somewhere but only cost a
few bucks if you guys wanna get Pokemon
go cheat code it's right here I hope
slim doesn't watch this vlog so I can go
to him and be like look I'm at level 30
I'm about to go catch some Pokemon and
I'm also about to go catch Rima and
Mawson so I haven't even seen my dad yet
I'm waiting to see him and I'm kind of
worried because the video the this so
I'm gonna film the reaction because a
lot of you guys wanted to see his
reaction was I see him so I'm still
waiting and if you guys do not know my
mom is in hedge I haven't seen her for a
couple weeks and she's not gonna be here
till a couple weeks and the house is
literally so dead so dead without her so
I feel I'm not feel down my mom miss you
I miss you Rima never seen her since she
was four years old and now she's five
years old happy late birthday I'm sorry
I couldn't be here what was that baby
you're 2 years old I haven't seen her
since he was one oh my god Rima is 5
Watson is 2 and I haven't seen them I
haven't seen these brats for so long
I've been stuff so much I'm sorry what
did you miss me how much I miss me
oh you miss you miss your grandma -
which is my mom what did he tell my what
did he say get the huh
now what did she tell you she told she's
gonna come back one listen she said okay
she's gonna so my mom told her that
she's gonna go to hatch for two days and
come back cuz Remos crying when she left
then after that she didn't come back in
two days
does it make you sad when you miss her
it does
who is she your grandma or my mom which
one it's your mom and my mom what the
hell Muhsin he has let's do it hasn't
changed he's still hitting the camera
you're still hitting cameras you're
still being mean and you're still
fighting people why do you do that huh
why oh why oh man this dude is fake it
would stop okay give me a kiss ah ah
should be nice for once be nice nice Oh
what you guys do for your birthday
nothing why and the pop the book is
boring
I want I want to do it in Turkey geez
it's a carry ma hey you're five you're
big now you didn't need a birthday party
no you don't need a birthday party Reema
you don't need a birthday party - I'm
like a mouse and he's not sad you don't
need a birthday party so we're gonna see
what we're gonna get marcin and Rima for
their birthdays hopefully it's good oh
you're so cute hopefully it turns out
good and we'll see how it goes ah now
when they hear birthdays and gifts now
they wanna give me like kisses and stuff
he's not hitting me or nothing I would
side with you got a mouth
okay stop sucks yeah yeah
candy oh yes Kenny okay cool cuz they do
sometimes eats like random icons like it
Mustang is like a puppy what he's doing
Russell aren't you paying huh Cecily
no Mimi you can't see when I'm when
you're praying huh good job
okay good job three more two whenever my
said ARIMA listen to the that they go
straight to praying they're like usually
but now they're just doing like yoga or
something I don't know but I just met up
my older brother he is gonna be work I
think he's working in the mornings now
he's gonna be working in the mornings
out so you guys gonna see him a lot at
nighttime so you should be brave okay
you know you know what I'm good today no
you're not gonna do no do you know what
I'm gonna do today what are you gonna do
I'm gonna shave Yusuf's head no way it
has no clue but after a while there
might be something if you go to sleep it
was like Hagrid from freaking Harry
Potter but you guys will not believe
what happened in my room so I have so
much clothes in my room I have this
whole closet right here that does so
much clothes that I had it could fit
here and when it was here this whole
little pole will break like it literally
broke down and tear down this whole
cabinet so my sister was kind enough she
bought me a whole new cab cabinet to put
all my extra clothes in here so all my
extra clothes are in here and and here
and what sucks is that I just got this a
couple days ago and reven boss said I
already broke this I do not know how but
I think Mawson threw something at the
mirror and it broke it completely like
broke but it's all good my whole room is
like I have a cabinet to cabinet and I'm
just gotta fix this one right here the
thing is I do not want to fix much
because we are moving out
real real soon and we're just waiting on
all the approval and everything like
that which takes a couple months so I'm
just gonna you guys gonna have to bear
with me until like a couple months we go
to the new house and I'm gonna have like
a whole studio whole floor so
sailfin is gonna be so so sick so sick
and so dope and I cannot wait for that
but you gotta be patient and wait a
couple couple months by me in the missus
house I'm gonna miss this so so much
this house is legendary Mazda they're
gonna make memes off you like this
they're gonna make memes off you yeah
put it like that guys guess who I'm with
I'm with the one and the only woman I'm
like I can't give you the bone he wants
about phone because you want to throw
because the text that I gave him but so
good you don't miss me yeah did you
really yeah yeah yeah give me the horn
I'm not gonna give you the phone do you
miss mom yeah guys the most person who
misses my mom is my dad she has it
you're gonna flag up the camera of you
you want to talk to my mom yeah you just
spoke to him he's talking about brother
ionizer Yuri spoke sir you want to speak
to every minute my dad is a definition
of like oh yeah you wanna speak Tamil
son yeah love you this is is the feast
of love
my dad has more paint like they both
have a lot of pain in their bodies and
my dad has more paint so he couldn't
make it a Saudi so my mom ended up going
with her brother so it was really sad my
dad really wanted to go but he couldn't
make it he misses us so much how long
has it been since you seen her go you
miss her so much
yeah he's been in a bad mood cause he
missed her mom come back mom come back
what alright guys so today me well reel
in the prank and and Martin we're gonna
be pranking my nephew Yusef which is
their cousins so my oldest sister which
is Yusuf's mom she is dying for Yusef
to get a haircut so I called him earlier
I'm like hey let me cut your hair for
the fly you know it'll be good let me
just cut a few and he said no he told me
that he decided he does not want to cut
it until after winter time that he won't
he needs his hair to keep him warm till
after the wintertime so I'm gonna be
doing my oldest sister a favor and
cutting his hair
guys my nephew's have just came to say
was was guess everyone how you doing and
I'm mad at him because he did not want
me to shave his hair I actually wanted
to shave his hair
for the vlog and his mom wants him like
once it's a no but it took me one whole
year to grow this house so and you want
to just cut it are you crazy you want to
just cut it it took me one whole year
but you answer to cut it so I don't know
bomb thinking about it and like and the
winter's coming up anyway so so it's
gotta be good be good if I have this
hair and the winter's coming up it's
gonna be good well what do we do polar
bear now no but well you know how bear
as bears have hair so they stay warm so
you're a bear now I'm a bear but we're
gonna have a chill-out fun day today are
we gonna vlog and see what goes out you
guys ready
hi guys a couple hours later right now
I'm so with the kids babysitting them
I'm waiting for him to sleep but he does
not want to sleep and it's like 9 10
o'clock right now and he has class early
in the morning tomorrow so I don't know
he disgusted me so this what I'm gonna
do we're gonna pretend that I'm doing a
vlog challenge video where I'm gonna
give him an extreme makeover and like
fix his hair or Brady's hair but what he
does not know is I'm gonna pull out a
razor and just shave his whole head
Yussef I know you don't want this but
Adams family wants this and they want
your hair gone so what a hair is gonna
be gone
are you guys ready
Mawson you ready give a do me a kiss
good luck his good-luck kiss
good luck kiss okay what the heck you
guys must have the screen to Yusuf is
coming in a couple minutes he thinks
that I'm gonna be doing a challenge
video from our vlog channel and yeah he
thinks I'm gonna give like an extreme
makeover cute challenge though he
doesn't know is that this is gonna be
plugged in and I'm just gonna shave it
all off right away or I might use a
scissors I don't know what's gonna do it
all depends on when he's here and I got
a see I just got to see how it goes I'm
so nervous
wish me luck and let's let's do this
thumbs up let's do this
hey guys what's up and do me gagging I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day today I'm
gonna be giving Yousef an extreme
makeover I'm gonna fix up his what's up
what the heck is that the AMBER Alert
huh that was Reema's eyepatch he has
something where she'd go find her iPad
I didn't even know you could do that but
I don't know I didn't know they could do
that but yeah I'm gonna give you seven
I'm an extreme makeover I'm gonna change
up his whole style his whole like here
around here I'm just gonna fix it up
make it dope so hopefully it sounds like
great ready I'm ready
are you excited yeah make it I don't
know just making it look easy
what look I don't like this so let me do
my job let me do much at home I like a
mop like this bro roll you look like
this dude looks like mole for the three
stooges what the heck is gonna you know
what he here is long man this softer
feels like an emo rock star huh whip
your hair back over go who's gonna hook
up your hair
okay I'm gonna give you a little like a
man bun and I'm gonna change up your
shirt your pants but first let me give
the man bun real close okay all right do
you have a knot this is right
I look how huge his mid one is what the
heck that's crazy
I can't say all right now mama let me
fix the size real quick yeah exercise
fixed a beard maybe shave up on your
beer problems and Gemma no I really did
it I didn't get beard I did my damn I
married bro
he's denying the request of Barbara Adam
I know but I did it say yeah factory
there's man all right so um all right
how about this close your eyes I'm gonna
fix up your hair for a bit I want it to
be like a surprise call guys it won't be
an extreme makeover if you're freaking
like cavity Iser house it will close it
how long it was before
just keep it up I'm just gonna fix it
I'm a Brady a little bit in the back Oh
make it make it like one yeah I'm great
I just know whatever do is to vice is so
like most crazy I don't know like it's
like hello you behind on your hair no
you didn't shampoo and conditioner
shampoo conditioner yeah
as here let me pull this in a little bit
I'll hold up my butt fire yes yeah put
it down so before you hear now pull that
hard yeah yes good you know we have we
fix it Oh yo yo yo yo are you kidding
what the fuck out of them Adam what I
don't like a funny good solution God you
don't do the hair bro whatever though
you've been glue back in here uh-huh
I'm doing your mom a favor
she's my sister Harris gosh I know you
just got you have to let me shave man
no just make it this size usually you
have to let me see values if you have
two guys he has to let me sit down let
me shave have fun mmm it's a must know
gonna be shit man no yes what size did
you make it cut it this size oh my god
is it just the back that you moved no
that's not the sides wait wait wait wait
we're doing
what about it my side is this road or
just relax let me come a few oh yeah
are you crazy who's your uncle uncle
Adam right okay sit down shut or choke a
little boy you hate on me shit because
here what Adam this is bootleg
barbershop out of the airborne all right
wait wait wait come see you look see
this one this this check check that
thing is a size one one ish do it do
start here start here stay here
is it ready set oh my god what the heck
I need to cut it with scissors first all
right get ready it's a must Youssef
don't oh this is painful
oh this is painful you're enjoying here
the guy that you could stare out of here
don't worry Oh
hold you here you can stare there now I
like you better when you have short hair
anyways ready put up your hand smells so
good
enjoy your here Oh see they wait this
side is good I went inside I don't want
this size I don't want this size is it
that size Adam stop let me see it is it
is it sure yes say well no it is
oh my uh we good yeah yeah I needed to
fix it you know I'm saying I'm hooking
you up
who's he Barbara now Marva Adam
oh you got a lot of hair my salon you're
young
ah this is so much fun
now that's not funny huh it's not fun
guys Yusuf is the man you guys want to
check him out throw his shadows down
below you guys see it he does crazy ish
I'm gonna get feedback on him he needed
to let me shave it he didn't let me
shave it so you know what I'm gonna have
to shave it and get you back on it
you're not gonna do shit huh you can see
you and I order a booby the best fresh
haircuts the best fresh haircut oh Allah
oh yeah he was like say like say you
look like say yeah we're like no no
matter like no you sure yeah I want it
it's looking fresher than ever you're
the man bro I know what i'ma do i'ma
head out you go clean right I'm taking a
shower bro I need a shower
are you sure you fix my hair yes let's
end the vlog here hi guys I'm and the
vlog here makes you guys give a thumbs
up and go Turkey if you enjoyed it of me
gonna be crazy haircut if you think I
did an amazing job on his hair give this
vlog a thumbs up I didn't know you did
it
I did guys if I did a good job give it a
thumbs up I didn't amazing amazing job
sorry I had to do it but yeah your mom
my sister I did a few girl I did a few I
did a few so um yeah it's looking like a
brand-new kid now and he's a new me he's
a new use of new Mina I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care peace I love you
I know you're gonna be so don't let
anybody tell you what you gonna be Oh
baby you can have anything you want for
me
