hey guys what's up and do me yank I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day do me yank
I'm heading to play basketball right now
someone else is gonna take over the vlog
goes by the name of Adam Watson yeah
yeah Sallah he's gonna tell you guys his
thoughts about the Habib and McGregor
fight I believe he's always wanted to
make this video
he was about to upload it on the main
channel I'm like you know what let's
make the vlogs long let's make it crazy
so I have OCD I saw that he's coming
back for you guys to talk to you guys
about McGregor and happy I'm gonna go
play basketball at sunny outside so
let's start off this video by giving it
a giant thumbs up and do me again
seriously coming by to my heart I
appreciate every single one of you guys
who always give my videos alike a thumbs
up like I know it takes a few seconds of
your life so I appreciate so much them
yeah my video tonight thank and do not
forget to subscribe because I upload
every single day and now the person
who's taking over my vlog Channel well
not the whole vlog just a little bit I
don't
yeah that that was a good intro man
Michael buffer how about me G enjoy I'll
see you guys after out of my seniors I
love you do me yet assalamualaikum
warahmatullahi wabarakatuh this is Adam
Watson yeah yeah solid today I will tell
you guys my thoughts on the Habib and
the McGregor fight so Ally when I seen
kind of a McChicken
trying to fight Habibi talking all this
Hara Hara here this Cara here I was
looking and I was thinking in my head in
LA when LA Here I am
but you cannot you still had the guts to
keep talking so much shit to him you
were saying this oh my goodness I'm
gonna take you round one you are nothing
you have a glass jaw but deep down
inside you saw the Angel of Death we
call that medical mode just give you the
our brother just like how you were
trying to give alcohol to Habib well I
fell so deep I would take out something
water take your face and put the sums of
water in your mouth voila you need it
but this fight I loved the fact that
Habib was representing the Muslims all
over the world and knowing that he beats
Connor McTigue and he would be the face
of the UFC a Muslim man who says that
happened rule of inshallah who is not
scared of anyone but the law will be the
face of the UFC if he wins so in my head
I'm like oh my goodness javi will make a
statement if he beats him because Connor
and McDouble he was calling Habib's
friend that is carnal also disrespected
his father who disrespected a Muslim
man's father
well I you're asking to get beat up if
someone talks heard about my father
well I out fast for 30 days and I would
eat him alive for a spa and I'll make
sure it's tastier than a cheese sambusa
but to lie the person to blame is the
UFC and the guy what's his name Dana
White first of all you have a lady named
Dana well lie your father didn't love
you so it's okay it's okay Dana it's
okay Dana your exception because you're
rich you own the UFC Dana you made the
UFC like a WWE this is not John Cena the
rock this is real fighting and when all
the
we're saying you would love in it you
love it so much you always smile you
have the little creepy smile you stop
don't fight no no keep the other stuff
kind of talk talk talk about the bomb
you know talk about this mom you let
don't be scared talk about this mom you
mr. white you never wanted habib to be
the face of the UFC but even you knew it
was pretty much impossible for Connor to
win the fight I believe is a different
breed he is lethal mashallah mashallah
spondylus so with all the hair that kind
of day he broke the bus hurt multiple
innocent people disrespected my religion
so much I can go on and on and on until
2025 but then when Habib did something
he jumped over and thought some guy a
lesser because the guy was calling him a
Muslim bruh you then blame Habib and his
whole team you have C so stupid I am
about to see on your face well I crack
myself up
you made it like the WWE but Cabiria has
respect you caused everything to happen
Drake will lie well I am sad and the
reason why kind of lost was because
Drake Allah gave you punishment you had
your chance either go to the Muslim side
go to hobby but you obviously didn't he
went to the Canada McGregor side because
he's more popular you only like anything
that's popular well I only like anything
that's popular you're all about the
height I thought I loved you well I
thought I loved you you broke my heart
because they used to call me the Arab
Drake you had called me o ly you had
called me you know what I'm gonna bring
my habibti back I don't know if any of
you guys remember her but she is my
second wife Sarah Sarah I love her so
much we had issues before because she's
the love Drake so so much and I kept
telling her I'm your Drake but now we
are better we're in good terms because
she doesn't like what you did you know
what she is coming back on the video she
is gonna roast you and toast you I mean
this era it's your time to shine yella
trust him
hello how is everyone doing this is
Sarah Saleh has you guys know me I
haven't been another YouTube for so long
but I am back because well I I mean
Drake you gave me high blood pressure
you gave me anxiety I thought we had
really good connection like the fast
Wi-Fi I had a lot of beautiful girls to
you I had Lubner foo-foo Susu Lulu but
you know what I'm gonna give you doo doo
that's what you're gonna get dodo but no
you broke my god I'm gonna roast you and
toast you this is dedicated to you this
is you after their fight okay you and
your Kiki challenge how about this this
is called the Habibi challenge Habibi do
you love me
are we fasting I really really want you
to play right beside me cuz I want you
and I feel your O'Connor you're ahead on
me I lost my money well I hate Drake you
had your chance so come on out of sight
I'm out I have to go cook take over you
Drake you made a big big mistake you
should know humble always wins being
close to Allah always wins no matter
what religion are you you have to be
close to God some people need to realize
that they are not God God is God
alhamdulillah alhamdulillah you hate it
when I say it but alhamdulillah just
like what Habibi says also I want to
give a huge shout-out to my friend Bob
used to be atheist but now after the
fight he believes in God Bob my man I
told you this guy I told you why you
don't listen you should know this is the
good impact that Habib is doing what the
content we can I gonna do huh all the
kind of McChicken fans you guys need to
stop being so salty well take your chill
pill and read the Quran but actually
some of you are actually cool and you
guys know that Habib is the man he is
the king of the UFC but to like some of
you are just as stupid like Jake balls
I'm gonna show you guys what this cut I
had tweeted this is why I want to box
him so much for lying if you guys can
make this fight happen with Jake ball I
will wear this hope and this is my shot
that right here I have it on the whole
fight well I out but you like this kid
Jake both said heavy you're a piece of
shit you deserve nothing you have you're
a sore winner I'm more hated than you
and I'm telling you that you're a piece
of shit I hope we take this to heart if
you read this and I've never hated
anyone in my life it's not in my blood
first of all you're hating because he
beat the Irish out of McCracken and it's
self
how you don't talk about candle
McChicken about nothing he did so stupid
well I if I seen I will pick you up and
throw you to the mountains seriously I
can go on for days talking about this
I'm gonna stop here I do not want to
board you guys I just want to say thank
you guys so so much you guys are amazing
huge congratulations so happy to see you
guys I love you so much Adam sally has
left the building
your furniture I'm often way put a mere
gypped now I'm nothing from Yemen Yemen
Yemen yeah man yeah where you from Kabul
up gonna love Madison that's one of my
favorite food I love their food it's
good
I'll see you how you Somaly going okay
hi guys this too just helped us out fat
backyard
what happened we was having first world
problems China ride a bike and I'm here
shook gonna do it okay you got it you
got it Rima come on Rima come on I got
you throwing don't worry don't worry
don't worry
Oh
keep going you're free you're a big girl
now she grew up I really hope she's in
the fall man you're doing good that was
really good she does not give up muster
dope oh my god oh my god oh my god okay
that's good look at this dude what do
you want gonna have a race I can beat
you while walking okay all right let's
go
Oh more than one ah
Mawson one cameras oh hey guy
oh hey so you're the one you and my dad
were like the witnesses no no - no first
thing is me ARIMA okay view out to the
backyard I was like 11 o'clock and then
I will just walk in there not glass I'm
just like ran past animal is that it's
okay what who says a came back from hole
deep okay I just bought like something
they smell and they run away okay and
Home Depot said it comes from the family
of a raccoon a big bully
don't cry this is creepy bit so hello we
need to take that freaking animal backs
family you know my dad wants to sleep I
will come up when you're sleeping - come
on help me
my dad is so old-school man I'm glad I'm
a brother told him not to do that he was
trying to throw bottles at it that's
crazy
this dude thinks he's in a balandin yeah
man man debug you're not look at him
water he's making trees
Wow yo guys everyone is scared man
literally everyone is shook listen I was
walking I was walking on the fence
wowwwww guys we have two homie Ollie
maybe don't talk what is this dog or
pizza scratching his face yeah howleen
alley huh why you scratching your face
huh huh boy he was always doing her
homework do me gang I am in Aesop's crib
I'm spending the night here because I'm
going to the city well actually both of
us we're going to the city we gotta fix
our passports because we were going to
an amazing amazing place real soon to
keep you guys updated with that if you
guys enjoyed this vlog make sure you
guys give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
if you guys want more Muslim parents
react give this vlog a giant thumbs up
this dude is playing virtual reality
right now so yeah let me know what the
comments below
what kind of Muslim parents react do you
guys want next and I'll do it kind of
sucks because I just seen the post of
Habib he posted that he might retire
because they're trying to fire his
friend which kind of sucks man but can
be said if he get but could be sad if
his friend gets fired he's gonna retire
and I go to UFC which is pretty crazy
because they never mentioned anything
about the McGregor situation he kind of
he hurt innocent people they never you
know fired anyone poppers I know I know
that's just that's that's messed up man
that's really messed up boxing was like
bad I know like you know deciding you
know like you picking your favorites and
shit but you have sees the way it was
yeah UFC like Dana White like you just
been cited with McGregor like firing him
like yeah it's messed up man it's messed
up I iris little bit for not like you
know for you
saying that he'll quit UFC yeah that's
respectful for speaking out that's
respectful a lot of people who a lot of
people they're just like leave their
friend and be like okay cool like your
fires
yes business eyes do you have seen yeah
oh uh yeah he chatters okay I really
hope he gets you know settled I'm end of
like here I'll see you guys tomorrow do
me act take care and peace
