I know it's my fault I'm an idiot for
bringing my black camera in the ocean
everything but I'm blaming this turtle
hey guys what's up ado me hanging I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having a horrible horrible week so if
I'm having a horrible week you all
should be having an amazing amazing day
stay tuned and watch the whole video so
you guys can all know how the heck I
almost died today so if you guys do not
know I lost my black camera at the ocean
today I have a new camera that I'm
filming with it's a different camera so
I really hope you guys like it it's more
clear and dope sorry for the lighting I
literally just got this camera and it
looks dope I like it I had around 4 to 5
minutes of amazing vlog footage but I do
not have it anymore because my black
camera is in the ocean so I'm going to
give you guys a little summary of what
I've logged so you guys can just get an
image of what I've logged before the
issue of how I lost my black camera and
how I freaking almost died so I started
off the vlog at this amazing beach
called Siesta Beach it's ranked like one
of the top three or one of the top 5
best beaches in all of America so I
started off the vlog there and I started
by saying thank you guys for helping me
contact you know you know get American
Airlines you know to get quick cuz now
they're hitting me up and like literally
working their butts off trying to get my
luggage I still do not have my luggage
or anything like that I have this hat
for my carry-on bag I have no clothes no
nothing but hopefully I get my luggage
tomorrow and thank you guys for helping
me so much and getting American Airlines
on their butt to trying to get my
luggage so I started up the vlog at the
beach and then I started vlogging this
turtle buying this turtle I was either
gonna buy a turtle or an alligator and I
sacrificed the alligator and freakin
bought this turtle I thought we was
gonna be friends but this turtle he's
the main reason of everything today so I
took this turtle I went to the beach I
was blogging the beach I was doing
amazing shots I was showing I literally
was having an amazing vlog so far and
then like the stupid idiot I am I get I
do like really like dumb stuff I decided
I'm like you know what I'm gonna take
this turtle I'm gonna
put it into the beach and I'm gonna put
myself on it and vlog since this turtle
is huge and I wanted to do something
cool I wanted to catch some amazing
footage for you guys in the middle of
the ocean that's pretty much how I vlog
but I'm gonna let you all know how I
lost my frickin vlog camera and how I
almost lost my life and thank thank you
all enough for making me alive today
once again with throw this horrible week
that I've had so this is how I almost
died so I took this freaking turtle I
took this turtle when it was alive
before I beat it up I don't know if you
guys seen on Twitter I took this turtle
I had my black camera I was vlogging I
was this is exactly what I said
yo guys thumbs up for do me gang if you
guys get this footage giving it a huge
thumbs up that means I made it out of
line that means my camera made it out
alive and I'm gonna go in the middle of
the ocean right now and just get it and
get some amazing don't footage for you
guys because I don't know how to get
some dope footage cuz I feel like I've
been having horrible a ha give you guys
a humble blog today so I'm gonna give
you guys some dope dope footage today
let's do this a couple minutes later I
put this in like the beginning of the
beach I go on top of it I was slipping
I'm so vlogging outfit yo it's crazy man
I'm slipping vote this is crazy this is
crazy then I finally get on top and I
start vlogging and like swimming you
know a little bit away so while I'm
vlogging and swimming a little bit away
I'll get you know I'm comfortable you
know this turtle was really comfy I'll
start laying on it and just started
chillin and vlogging and I was just like
venting and talking talking just talking
so much to you guys and I was talking
you know talking deep in the heart and I
was talking about a lot of amazing
supposedly guys I wouldn't be here if it
wasn't for you guys I loved seeing you
guys I loved meeting you guys I just met
a lot of you guys and don't ever be
afraid to ask for to take a picture with
me because someone killing you so scared
to take a picture you guys are the ones
who you know who got me here to where I
am sitting you guys are the ones who
made me so of course I'm gonna take a
picture just don't ever be afraid and
that I was talking literally on this
turtle crazy thing is I was even on this
turtle I mentioned slim and I was like
slim loves turtles
you know his turtle speedy and I was
like y'all I love turtles too man
and I was like slim in some hats um had
my GoPro and I'm like semi Eddie's my
my camera I'm risking my life this is
exactly what I said I'm like yo I'm
risking my life slim if you guys do ba I
said I'm risking my life and my camera
cuz slim got my GoPro and I forgot to
get it from him before I you know before
I came to Orlando my I didn't mind using
my regular lot camera because you know I
thought you know I thought I didn't know
I didn't expect anything to happen my
should have expected something to happen
because you know turtle and slim slim
loves turtles and speedy turtle I'm
blaming slim and speedy and turtle for
killing my block camera that killed my
black camera
slim don't trust me I'm still gonna
roast y'all my family right now
well that roast is coming soon that
roast is coming through and just wait on
it just wait on it I'm still vlogging
and time for this turtle and chillin
like I was my hand was literally hurting
from lagging but I just enjoyed because
it was you know the weather was was
coming through it was the little breeze
I was basically chilling on the turtle
but the thing what I didn't know was the
little waves like little waves would
come and it would push me further out
like back back and I did not notice that
I didn't noticed that I was just like it
of children I also mentioned on the blog
walls bloggers on say guys nas is right
I would never want to get stuck in the
sea because you know look at this is
crazy man I feel like one of those
movies where he's stuck in the middle
and like a shark will come out of
nowhere I'd rather be stuck in the
desert and then I started messing around
like fooling around saying don't let go
of my camera don't let go
I'll be here jack you be my rolls don't
ever let go don't ever look and I come
back up and I'll speak in my black hair
mouths a hell W black camera I would
never let you go you're amazing I was
seriously saying all that to my blonde
camera and now that I think of it like a
seriously thing my black camera was
actually like a person I like it
probably hated me because while I was
talking about block cam I was like I
know I use you everyday I hold you
everyday and hundreds of millions of
people have seen you every single day
but don't worry I still love you
so after vlogging with the camera while
on this for a long long time I decided
to come down and like don't go back into
the water I'll still holding my black
camera so while I go down I'm thinking
I'm still like you know kind of in the
beginning like the water will be up to
here or at least here the most but when
I go down guys when I
this turtle I'll go oh it was literally
around 30 feet deep because the
lifeguard who came to get me he told me
you were in the area in the danger zone
where I was around 25 to 30 feet deep so
when I get down I'm sort of panicking
and swimming with one hand and the black
camera is out I didn't want to get it
wet out swimming with one hand because
when I got off of it
this turtle started going away from me
so I'm following the freaking turtle
well mama black can't without lying
myself scream and I'm like kept swimming
toward the turtle but the turtle kept
moving away and I was swimming really
slow because one of my hands was out my
black camera was out I didn't want to
like I didn't want I didn't wanna let go
my black camera and then I had like I
was forced to let go of my black camera
or else I would have literally probably
died I would probably cuz I got so tired
and I started panting I didn't know what
to do I'm like what do I saved my life
do I save this this turtle or do I say
the black camera but I was forced to let
it go I had to let it go and swim with
both hands straight to the turtle or
else I would have died like I needed to
hold this turtle to keep me up
everything was happening so fast and I
got so scared and it was it was so weird
because I was talking with my black
hammer and I was like yo don't let go
I'll never let go of you black hammer
and like the black camera I had to let
it go I'm sorry it was a scary scary
situation and I recommend everyone is
watching do not ever record anything
while being atop of something like this
make sure you guys are like on the
lookout because I was on the lookout and
I ended up being on a danger zone so
when I threw my black camera I run the
top of the turtle and go in top of the
turtle I'm a top of the turtle and I see
my block camera literally sinking down
and I'm like oh my god my freaking black
cameras down I get off the turtle again
I try to grab my black camera but I
couldn't because the thing was way too
deep and was way too scary there was
like the sign that said danger not
swimming
zone that literally like maybe panic I
started thinking like sharks were gonna
come I started like panting I thought a
freaking whale was gonna come and Amy
saw screaming so loud help help someone
help someone would help a lifeguard that
shoo shout-out to Siesta Beach a
lifeguard came in a matter of like
literally ten seconds he came so fast
through like this arch the yummy and
grabbed me and I was holding on to the
turtle and the orange thing he gave me
was swimming and not literally he went
all the way back to the shore my whole
family was waiting for me there like
literally like 10 of them just waiting
like this they were all looking at me
like literally ashamed like what the
hell Adam like are you dumb I get back
to the land and the sand and of like
that I further the first thing I do I
thank God I'm alive because I seriously
could have died being literally in that
situation if the lifeguard didn't see me
I wouldn't know what would happen and
these past couple days have been
probably one of the worst days of my
life and you guys are the only reason
that like brought me up and everything
and Allah is the main reason why I'm
still alive so thank you a lot for
literally keeping me alive my whole
family was mad at me like are you dumb
why would you bring you see if you why
don't you notice don't you think what's
wrong with you why did he keep risking
your life of a black camera and I was in
the thing is I wasn't risking my life I
just wasn't thinking I didn't know I
want to go like further out but my whole
family was so complaining I mean
bereavement was there like they
spongebob take it but not took it the
Bikini Bottom even don't even start like
I'm like him leave Sponge Bob freaking
took my camera like like we throw in the
hands if spongebob took my spongebob
it should shut out if you watching his
fun about poor Patrick Squidward
anybody from Bikini Bottom if you out
took my black camera we throw in the
freaking hands I know it's my fault I'm
an idiot for bringing my vlog camera in
the ocean everything but I'm blaming
this turtle
he's already dead but he literally
killed my black camera I almost died I
literally almost died it was the
scariest situation ever I'm sorry once
again I literally had the best black
footage for you guys the beach was
amazing it's sad to be in the psychic
situation because like I lost my freakin
luggage it has even cane I lost my
frickin camera I had to get a freaky new
camera but I hope you guys like this cam
if you guys like this camera give it a
thumbs up maybe I'll continue vlogging
with it because they didn't have the
same camera that I had with every with
every dark night comes sunshine and to
anyone out there who has horrible days
just know that I had a horrible day and
I lost my frickin vlog camera to a
turtle just just remember that if you
guys I have no heart we just remember my
black camera
I was freaking drowning and my black
camera died my luggage is gone I went
through the worst situation at the
airport just remember that and just
maybe that'll make you feel a little
better have had a great day these next
few days I'm not gonna be on social
media much if I do it's gonna be just
like here and there but I'm not getting
me on social media much I'm just gonna
upload vlogs around 11 a.m. 12 p.m.
around that time a little early because
I want to hang out my family I should
show my family I'm always on the phone
tweeting and stuff like that my family
gets so annoyed so I hope you guys
understand I hope you guys so much so
show so much love to vlogs even if I
don't tweet the vlog out I want you guys
so give it a thumbs up and go Turkey I
want you guys to leave a comment below
sweet comment I do read every single in
your comments thank you guys so so much
make sure you guys subscribe for daily
videos and hopefully I got my luggage
tomorrow because you guys got American
Airlines on a but they're literally
calling me right now that don't worry
I'm sorry is there anything you want to
do I'm like yeah yeah yeah being nice to
me now huh cuz it do me guy quick came
out you guys like yep thank you thank
you to me AK seriously you guys
literally are saving me through these
dark nights and bringing me the sunshine
thank you guys so so much so hopefully
it gets sorted out and I go to Disney
World tomorrow so that's the main reason
why we came to Orlando I brought my
family to go to to go to Disney World so
hopefully it works out other than that
I'll see you guys tomorrow
take care do me a
peeps I love you I love you so much
if you guys like the new camera give it
a thumbs up don't turkey subscribe I
know your father will be proud of who
you're gonna be so don't let anybody
tell you what you wanna be Oh baby you
can have anything you want from me
