there was a youtuber at the time who I
hated his name was Adam solid
what's up adieu me yang this is Adam
Saleh
I'm gonna take this nice and slow I'm
about to give you a taste of your own
medicine as you guys know from my tweets
on Twitter I do not want to associate
myself with fouseytube anymore first of
all I just want to say I admit I should
have never gave him the benefit of the
doubt I should have never been too nice
I should have never accepted him to go
on tour with me and I should have
listened to you guys a lot of you guys
will tell me so many of you guys we're
telling me not to as you guys know I
never make videos like this but fousey
has not been up to me not once not twice
not three times not mother four times
not five times not even six times not
seven times not eight
no not eight times but more than ten
times Vladdy you guys have been asking
me questions so many questions that is
so hard to answer but I do not feel bad
anymore all the questions you guys have
been asking me I wanted to answer them
so bad I can't answer on Twitter I can't
answer it with typing so I decided you
know what we're gonna go on the roller
coaster a nice one that goes upside down
you know loops I was gonna do this video
a long time ago matter of fact every
single one of your boys wanted me to do
this video because of how you are
disrespected me multiple time and
treating me like I'm a piece of shit
lied to me called me your brother even
said I love you oh my god you are not my
brother I do not want to associate
myself with you I do not want to be
around you and then you make these dumb
excuses and you were too much of a
coward to even speak to me so you let
your girl speak for you and she have to
talk to me nicely and I ended up coming
down and chilling out of love but no I'm
done with this shit
there was even one time where he almost
got me like little you put my life at
risk like I'm you're bulletproof you
need to lower your ego buddy the whole
world doesn't revolve around all of my
sales right now is that about to give
you a taste of your own medicine this is
part zero but I'm just gonna have fun
with it just like all the videos you did
on all the other youtubers if all those
things that you did to me if I did it to
you oh my god you would go insane
you'd probably step on me if I let you
mean make videos on me spit on me right
scum called you irrelevant oh you're mad
vitaliy did something in Brazil to
someone else not you you're mad you've
done countless of bullshit to me not
wasn't mad at first time I wasn't mad a
second time on the third time out I was
kind of mad and then I thought I you
just kept going and going and going
pussy I know you're watching this you're
not out of the country somewhere living
as a different person your home right
now saying that you're off social media
there on your phone stalking every move
that I made not saying shit speak up
come on speak up say something I don't
know if you're scared or if you know
that you're in the wrong so as I said I
might have fun with this I'm upload
three parts part one it's gonna be about
all the stuff you did to me cuz it's so
long and it's so juicy just how you like
it
part two is gonna be about what you did
to your boys because for some reason
they're scared of you like I don't
really understand why the heck they
scared of you maybe because you treat
them like a piece of garbage
and part three as you guys know I was
the only one that I was there for him
throughout everything did he really meet
Drake but that'll be a part three for
now this is just a video for you just to
let you know what I'm about to do and
it's about to be a crazy roller coaster
I just want to say thank you guys so
much for your love and support thank you
so much for understanding once again
this is a mistake on my end to be giving
him the benefit of the doubt trying to
help him out I remember in 2012 when you
disrespected me I stayed quiet I never
said nothing and now you did the same
but it's even more disrespectful so now
I'm speaking up anyways I'm gonna go
enjoy my day hard one will be uploaded
tomorrow with a vlog while I'm in
comic-con I could even get to vlog today
I can't we get to do nothing the way it
treats people not just me not just to me
the way he treats others is insane
seriously insane they're gettin diva
there's so much ish I gotta say and I
know I haven't given you guys any
answers and I promise you guys tomorrow
I will I'll see you guys tomorrow thank
you guys so much for love and support I
appreciate you guys thank you
