I'm sure you're not a dr see the smella
I swear Hamza I'm kind of worried yeah
what's in it so much like seaweed and I
look I want the right hand girl yo
shorty
hey guys what's up and doomy yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having a not so amazing day so if I'm
having it not so amazing there you guys
should still be having an amazing happy
day the reason why I'm not having an
amazing day is because I try to scrub
out all these tattoos all over my face
and my neck nothing came off no it
doesn't work I think I need some carbon
monoxide or carbon something oxygen I
don't know Rock side something to put
all over my face and these tattoos so I
can get off man I look like a complete
mess look at my freaking face so
hopefully after I dare to it should be
gone you guys just have to get used to
seeing me with these face tattoos the
kids are upstairs I believe they have
not seen the tattoos on my face so let's
go upstairs and get the reaction I
believe the homies say eff is also
upstairs I haven't seen him for so long
I'm gonna chill with the family for a
bit and after that it's time to get my
next victim for prank week so let's
start off this vibe by giving a giant
thumbs up do me hang always go hard
always goal a mounted thumbs up leave a
comment below because I always read your
beautiful comments I am gonna start
replying to comments so that was reply
to tweets and stuff like that but I
never reply to comments so from now on
I'll be replying to a few comments to it
leave your combo and I'm gonna go
obsessed
what
see I miss you so much say yeah I've
missed you so much
I'm Julie Missouri so sorry said hey
what's poppin G was giddy but oh you
lookin swag that you like the tattoos on
my face huh you like the tattoos and the
powder don't even like the tattoo no ha
way no pumpkin it's no pumpkin buzz it
guys look a few minutes later look what
this dude did he got his own tattoo you
got tats my G you got tattoos look at
that staff and Remo were like oh my god
tattoo six not Muslim he read got
attached to it came back to me you
everyone for that you were real one but
you're real one
alright guys I'm here in my thinking
chair we're about to go outside it's
gonna be really weird going like this in
public I feel like everyone's gonna be
afraid when they see me like this
cuz it just makes them look a bit more
tougher you can't lie whenever you see
someone face tattoos especially
teardrops like oh whoa like chill you
know what happen at school today what
did he do who taught you a stupid you
were the only one with the highest level
of the reading of reading I like that a
sick I like that as good as gold
let's go outside my victim is my older
brother
I'm sorry Abe I love you so much but
you're next what's poppin G alright guys
we're doing a little shopping before we
go to the restaurant and this is what
happens in shopping look what muscles
doing okay cool
what cine listening my name yeah we seen
it Simon Simon I see we time I I want
the right hand girl yo shorty shot it
you like go fuck she's low key skin this
is great he was the side of his dream
was like Kenny by him it is he just put
it rate like that what that is the
savage Rafi like a younger a younger
version my dad was pretty much me do
being anywhere now going to eat that was
that's pretty crazy at pretty fun yo
guys look at this car man
this is a rolls-royce man but looks like
look at that Wow here it is heroes ways
everyone's boiler me is a little rust on
it yeah I got Laura I'm gonna I'm gonna
open the door I know just take it and
hit the dip like I'm granting the photo
literally I'm speaking to the director
he's like yo Adam saw that what up man
you noticed me with the tattoos oh yeah
Wow
that's crazy I didn't know like you were
in Long Island
yeah no I'm everywhere thank you so much
a little pump giving ability I don't say
it yeah Oh
the real pumpkin is here guys we would
though the house in the Builder was so
close that misty bro was good yeah I
like it sure if I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy yo never you never take off that
shirt okay that's a shirt you will never
have to take off this boy's got deeper
your mommy got through prove it do me
gang I am with the homie Hamza my
partner in crime was poppin man well my
real partner crime is slim but right now
it is Hamza
yo um ah so this is what we're doing
we're pulling a crazy prank on my older
brother Ibrahim aka
a kickstart so I just gotta bottle the
water this is all I need
the Train does it by the water was
palpable yeah we need a knife to make a
hole know it that was it that was yes
yeah oh yeah oh thank God I was kind of
worried if I didn't have a knife or
nothing like that but thank God my
sister which is his mom and they were
her job so they have that little pokey
thingy with a hook I don't know that
booster I don't know what they want to
call it we're gonna make a little hole
not gonna pretend I'm taking a pee-pee
taking a week taking a loo using the
loop on his car like little I'm gonna
pretend I'm peeing on this car
his car's life okay literally BMW loves
our car let it stew
we right in front of my brother's car
right here the car we came here for the
food is amazing
Oh
okay do me hang I finally got me like
this this is what they put in their head
jobs go through however wise head job II
I need to stop putting this like in
couches on beds wherever y'all go man
this is this is dangerous man it's
really dangerous so be careful what you
put these stuff at because sometimes
people like me when you sit down
anywhere you could just hurt your butt
or something you know and it won't be
good I'm gonna poke the hole right here
I've never really done this pink ah ah
yes trying to make the hole a bit bigger
so it could be so the we can come out a
bit more let me show you guys how it
looks first like a penis on your liver
you see then a door out to the
headlights the headlights I don't waste
all the water dog peeing on brother's
car
Morgan le Hugh it's the longest
oh yeah but in the moment what do you
know I just gave you a car wash what are
you doing I'm taking a piss fuck what if
a judge will judge me just give it a
restaurant just choke ah come on bro
Frankie doing making me dirty my Easy's
right now come on
I just gave it $80 corax
I polished out I shined in everything
you actually reacted in a way that did
not expect man yo but you reacted in a
good way laughter you're gonna like
stomp on me and be like yo what the heck
though you actually like you didn't mind
no why yeah you know why I didn't like
do nothing cuz I'm like seriously a
breeze like a neat freak like what I
mean neat freak he's a neat freak man
I'm getting it started for prank week so
stay tuned to do me again subscribe if
you guys want to stay updated every
single day at do me gang I'm heading
back home right now who's been a crazy
crazy day I hope you guys enjoying this
time with me you guys I can't believe
this is actually happening
this'll be better if you get smooth
metaphor I mean hey Mike Matheny I can
see I mean why are you driving my dad is
walking there yeah my dad is walking
home know that's how you know my dad is
such an Arab dad my dude really left
gave hands are the car keys and let me
what are you sure you not a drive a
smelly
I swear Hamza I'm kind of worried but
I'm trying to see my kids man you good
yeah oh my god put on your seat belt was
easy po po huh no that is coming back he
knows he knows this is crazy I remember
what have those born they're like I mean
what happens it was born and now he's
driving like if you crash aids car that
won't be a prank no that'll make the
vlog it crash it you got insurance on my
house it's doing pretty good mashallah
pretty alright for a 14 old people in
the car staring like that
I did I did Adam do me gang I am back
home now once again I'm gonna try to
remove this thing off my face I did what
you guys told me on Twitter get nail
polish remover to get baby oil oil
vinegar I don't know what the hell you
guys tell me to get but I believe I got
nail polish remover I'm gonna try to
remove it so hopefully tomorrow's vlog
it'll be gone I'm gonna chill my family
today and just have a nice to chill out
hangout on my sisters my nephew's my
niece's and just have a good time a
doobie a so I hope you all also have an
amazing time with your family with your
loved ones always tell them that you
guys love them always show them you know
your passion for them for your family
always show them your love because
family comes first I love you guys I'll
see you guys tomorrow you guys enjoyed
this vlog in its little mini print make
sure you guys give us like a giant
thumbs up and go turkey do me yeah I'll
see you guys tomorrow
take care and peace
amen
