what's up for do beginning so today I
decided to do a little reaction video to
a video that I watched a couple days ago
which is pretty crazy and hopefully you
guys didn't see it but I'm gonna show
you guys I want you guys to react it
with me cuz I know it's more it's more
fun that way Tom's Hannah this is a
pretty great rhythm
the video is man pretends to be Muslim
so that's okay
it's possibly really Muslim they never
learn like things you know you know
someone be like oh you know get out like
this is my stuff yeah you know you know
you know I love you but you just doing
stuff but I'm not stealing stealing
that's what he wanted to say is that
he's stealing the way that he's asking
and then he's having the Muslim get in
but look he's here is it me or not a
diamond ring so he's Muslim it doesn't
mean we only have Muslims we could help
ya Muslims in and they look the tone
that he's using is like you see that so
at the same time meaning I can't really
sing then they say that he shouldn't he
shouldn't be pretending to be a religion
we don't know the whole story
we can't know what's going on behind us
I feel bad I feel really bad for a guy
about same time I feel like the other
guy would speak to him and I've handled
it a little me understand the guys take
a little bit like some people that use
it's Tom's names do wrong so perhaps is
just sick of people you know speaking to
be Muslim and Dom you know if you guys
have seen distinct same thing happen
with de volc√°n laughs GOG oh yeah I've
seen a woman oh yeah whole time yeah
somebody's asking for money right
there Shakespeare say she wasn't but
like maybe you say she wasn't yeah they
got at the mosque right yeah if you do
or not that's just even you know if you
want to get money that's their choice
you just she had on the side she's only
a corner yeah I mean but then the old
Kaman attacks when yo I miss it it's not
that's not attack you yeah okay okay no
talking as I go it's their choice even
if it's insta-mom or not it's your
situation up or not you know so leave it
to that person and move between them and
God for those junta so even people just
try to mean so many things than to take
like our story to me it's God's role to
do certain things judge do all these
things God you know oh my god
because it's all right it's on what a
few president they come by I don't know
what happened but we can to say I'm it
truck was right for once
you guys a film back from the guy Walter
you know he was doing you gave me a key
pass through say sorry he's sorry
no I saw I'm not running it since I'm an
old no but I said put a shot Asuna
Hillary okay guys stop asking for money
from us that's all he's doing
hands ask for money yeah and he got a
say go he's a Muslim I don't know
sometimes I feel bad he should have
handled a little more I'm a new film
actors you know is you gotta be
forgiving that for you at same time but
you should if you once he should go
there as a Christian be like you know
give away your muscle will still give to
anyone
the guy said that oh man you know Alex
and big problem that even though I
remove some stuff some more people that
don't teach it as Tolerance
yeah yeah as Muslim just tolerate right
now but like yeah unis we love you they
love you man in Islam it teaches you to
always be respectful and and go though
so session with us we love any other
religion for anyone around the world
we're always welcoming and always you
know hoping to everyone but yeah well
actually wanted to share that video but
you guys will show you guys that it was
kind of funny but crazy video so just
let me know Donald Trump I end the vlog
here they give shout out to the homers
wires give me a crazy crazy week his
birthday
it'll be quite easy on me crazy she's a
crazy girl she crazy
she my baby oh she's my baby what she
crazy yo she crazy
she crazy yo she crazy huh hi guys give
this video a thumbs up and go Turkey
I'll see you guys tomorrow about to play
some 2k ya know cuz they got some are
take care
like semi right away this would choose a
say
