hey guys what's up you're dooming Hank I
hope y'all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day sore I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day do me gang I
am in the city right now in Manhattan we
have a couple of meetings oh what's
poppin my older brothers right there in
the back he's about to come in right now
and I'm about to give him a little mini
interview about yesterday because I want
to get to the end of this I want to know
who they wanted me parade
when he would be really going to get
killed well you were sorry gonna get
killed he said one of your son he's
gonna get killed like shot up and killed
and that is really scary because I'm his
son a business son and one of my other
little brothers so it's one of us yo yo
yo what's poppin I am here she with my
older my older brother Abe Abe say what
up man who you was good aid aka brahim
so what did you see today's vlog or nah
I just posted it so you probably haven't
seen it but told you you ring another
confession that day I already know I
read it so yeah can you tell them a
little summary what it is I saw anyone
doesn't know pretty much my dad a few
years ago he never told us anything but
he sold the store he left the store that
he's working in because someone warned
him that someone was trying to kill
literally killed which is my dad's kids
which is one of us one of us so we're
trying to get to the end of this and I
told you guys I wanna interview mom my
older brother just see what it I think
it's him I think they wanted him I think
it's you all right so we took my little
brother out mace aku said we take him
out of the picture because he's quiet
he's quiet he's a good boy you know he's
a good boy he doesn't bother no waves
but we don't bother like yes so am I go
first you wanna go first saying why you
think it's me I want to say I think it's
you know I think is you you know why why
because the boxing match will on
worldstar will star hiphop the street
fight in the street fighting couple
years ago okay yeah you remember these
some kids want to fight you yes if
because of the boxing match yeah and
those kids didn't want you to beat you
and put you down yes your area cuz when
I had I don't know if you guys seen that
I can't really post it on YouTube as
this street fight a crazy street fair
that I had and went on worldstar when I
was like 16 17 I liked it literally went
everywhere and that was a time when the
store when we're at the store and while
we working at the store everyone seen
especially you know world smells like a
hood you know everyone knows in the hood
you know so they're like well Adam is
one enough for everyone wants it to
fight me viral everyone wants it to like
put me down so that's what you think
they I don't think that's a reason
anything people were just given result
okay they give respect in the same time
but at the same time they they want to
be true people want to see you lose
people want to see us Lou
but oh so that's not a reason to kill
someone's you know - that's not a reason
to take someone's life what what do you
think I think is you why because I think
is you because you first of all you work
there the most yeah I know I worked at
another thing Holloway another thing is
a book listen another thing is you
fought with a lot of people in there
like I never fought with no one - that
you fought with a lot of people in there
okay I'll forward them because they were
shoplifters they want to steal they
can't that's why I know they want to
keep on stealing and and another thing
is you were pretty much like the boss
there you know like you were the one
that prick controlled everything so
that's why I was just at two days a week
so I feel like you I don't know I think
I think most def you have I see them
every day
they're not gonna do nothing to me okay
yeah but still that's big no that's
that's not that's not that's an Abe no
I'm telling you I know you Mulder but
they they wanted you know they're there
my dad doesn't know who specific I think
is definitely a like I think he's he
can't reach me I do but it's a good
thing that just my dad did leave the
story thing we left
yeah yeah about that Yeah right we're
chillin but damn that's that's crazy who
would have known like we never knew like
my dad I thought my dad loved cuz like
cuz he just wanted to leave he just
wants to retire but it was actually like
it was random when he left all of us
were curious but he just told us like
literally eight years later about this
and I'm telling you guys right now so
just who's the person I don't know
that's it yeah who is the person oh you
were there the most yep all that was
just crazy over there
yeah over there there's your weeks to
witness murders when I say murders like
we still witness murders people shooting
that like you're cops
everyone a lot of had it yeah damn but I
still think I still think I'm thing is
you know it came if it's nice I would be
so surprised but it's not me I think
it's definitely you about hamdullah raw
live all good and it's kind of sucks
that someone actually wants to take you
know someone's life with it's not it's
not right and it's not good to think
like that but whoever it was that they
wants it I'm dead like we're all good
we're living a safe life right now
always making sure we're much older much
more mature and
making sure everything is goochy goochy
so am i yeah yeah I have one thing to
tell you what look you kept on telling
me shave my beard shaved my beard what's
up with this summer what's up with don't
know she ain't November
it doesn't match you though is not even
November yet yeah but I'm saving up for
no ship number one
it doesn't match you what does match
about your hair shave your hair that a
friend your beat is different now i'm
not definite um I don't know I'm a girl
without baby so like a size maybe size 6
or size 5 I don't know I don't know eat
my Barbie now yeah if you go to the same
barber hi guys we in the streets of
Manhattan man I miss gonna had so much
because we still I know we still live
here in the city but we have a couple
meetings handle amen Stacy
love you bro of course you stay out of
trouble man and a little brother he's
rarely on blogs and is getting married
soon so soon is given block soon he's
gonna be the luck weddings coming up is
definitely a new blog I could flag on
the way you guys are finally gonna see
mother
you want to get in yes say hi hi guys
doing what's up like what you guys from
where yeah called Pennsylvania are nice
why'd you guys want to get into blood I
don't know is that a is in what's
Philadelphia no corner II know you guys
like New York gonna love it do we look
like brothers or not yeah no no I think
you look like you're related there's
like cousins ones but we don't look
alike Matt we're brothers but who's
older yes guys whenever anyone sees me
with this big camera everyone is like
curious I'm like can we get in the vlog
you shout out to those girls we just
gave three subscribers hey let's do it
trying to gain four more subscribers
would you like to subscribe to my
channel man that's alright I appreciate
you have a good they are
she said note that but yes to do me I'm
going to my meeting after that you guys
will see some more of the vlog from
yesterday and I'll see you guys in the
next shot what happened to Buster Ivan
Ivan huh Muzzin muscle rather hello
I love our dreamer hits his head he
cries is like the end of the world but
he has Reema it's okay love what do you
do - let me edit you how's it gonna talk
to Rhema now oh my god
the amount of times that do this and go
to my thinking chair talk to him go yell
Thank You chair top you you stay there
okay Wow you tell me your story what
happened she pulled your hair white hair
you have no hair good
why why does she do that do you love
Reema you love Baba Baba
yeah that's cuz Baba is a bad boy like
you eight was better he's a bad boy like
you my G all right guys I feel like I'm
the judge because it's always chaos in
this house oh man there's give me more
cast now oh ha there's gonna be a lot
more chaos right what's up I don't be
honest did you pull muscles here no be
honest yes or no yes okay I'll give it
okay cool I like that you honest yes but
why did you do that
oh you like this okay but look whenever
whenever you want to always be in the
right if he hits you you just come and
tell me come tell Baba come to us and
delay he's a baby cries all the time and
then gonna have to hear his voice for
the next hour do you want to hear his
voice for the next hour uh-huh
doing him go for the next hour so be a
big girl I like that you're honest I'm
on your side you're my princess and yeah
just should be smart okay
he's your brother in your eyes sister
you guys love each other and yeah this
is my letters my mail now it's your turn
to go tell my son sorry and give him hug
okay you have to go go go don't say like
that
