I'm right here
hey guys what's up it do me yang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
a happy smiley positive day while you're
smiling it is day 5 day 6 I don't know
of vlogging while being disabled but
hamdullah it's like 70 80 percent
recovered so after maybe like there's
whom I like should be completely fine to
go well not completely fine but
completely fine for me to go I know
doctor said 10 days but scooter doctor
one thing I want to do today is
something with Muhsin I did this to Rima
about maybe two three years ago and I
want to do it again with Wilson maybe do
you remember what I did at the Drake
thing - and I put marker all over your
face and I gave you a beard how is that
was a fun now imma do it at Mawson but I
don't have markers on me so I need to
get markers I do not have black markers
so Mawson go out and give me markers
okay thank you my son make sure you get
the black ones okay the black ones
Muslim the black ones okay
thank you so much to the homie Muhsin
for going outside and bringing markers
funny thing is he brought markers for
himself he doesn't know that it's gonna
go on himself so you ready are you ready
are you ready Monson say yes say yes I
shouldn't be giving most at first some
also got a moustache first now we're
gonna fix up his little goatee ready for
the goatee yes you said yes
cotys coming
fresh go to you
well mother sleeping you sleep this is
gonna sleep this is not a massage for
you to sleep began a beard mother after
he sees us in the Mary's gonna wake up
and be like what the heck is that you're
ready to see yourself
baby drink baby look at that fresh
sovereign oh my god is just a beard
Rosen is just a beard you're older now
you're mighty massive you're my age now
you're not we're twins his shuttle movie
this is awake it's no we're good we're
twins look cheese we're twinsies I took
it off her butt looks like he just
shaved he's so sleepy I froze over
everything I'm gonna put him to sleep
this is how you put a baby to sleep baby
mas happy he was
massive baby happy newbie Mavi moss and
her baby has a beard baby looks 20 -
what's up we are what the homie no it's
not I got it I got a I got a question
for you as demands but there's something
here you can barely see it let me know
in the comments below what happened over
here if you guys know I'm gonna show
some of it right what happened over here
so can you see this
I'm gonna show it wrong right here ah
you can really see some of it if anyone
gets to right maybe relive it and say
yeah throwback yes is about to get some
dessert I wanted the best dessert spots
here in the industry thank you so much
this is one of the best iced coffees in
New York City to lay these right how
much they taste like money
they've got big ones coming through here
I got a bagel butter chocolate doughnut
the bagel cream cheese chocolate
chocolate doughnut cream please you know
so we are out here chillin in the city
we just had our coffee cakes chocolate
cake stuff like that we just had a
little meeting with ourselves a little
vlog meeting video YouTube meeting with
ourselves just talking about what we're
gonna do in the future and it is gonna
be crazy what you guys have seen the
past six months with the Scandinavia
tour the everything we've done like it's
literally nothing compared to what we're
about to do in the next couple months a
lot so hopefully it goes well on I
cannot wait to like announce everything
for you guys cuz you to exert see
YouTube right now is like YouTube is the
new future yeah YouTube is big addition
oh boy
I'll use this one whatever it is I'll
use cable I'd open up my TV YouTube was
like the Nexo and you can do whatever
you want like I need to without anyone
telling you what to do with say you're
not controlled so on YouTube please
write it so we're gonna be filming a lot
more new stuff for you guys a lot more
new content coming for you guys she'll
be filming tomorrow so hopefully turns
out great
even while we're fasting in the film and
it's crazy and all Milan's come to an
end but Eid is coming through have you
guys gotten your great outfits enough
what do you wanna wear a suit so Nikki's
ready to see what you want
I know when I go shopping Saturday I
don't wear a shirt with like Oh ripped
up and
that's my fashion bro yeah hey guys I
don't know we're gonna wear that I have
a white t-shirt
all cut up and I so mean to keep
our planning on growing our beards I
like it looks amazing small but going
this much it's gonna grow to be big
Russian
comb it's gonna grow no more let's do it
like an O shape here
I've been I know she talked about like
an old shader hold on a sec what do you
guys think do we do it let me know what
to comments below I'll do it
leave in a comment keep beard and grow
and see or trim beard let me know in the
comments below but I want to try
something new because I'm young right
now so like you wanna try madam
what is that a few would've beard you
like it
lick your face the Goofy's huh
you mean enjoy another beer ah yes
did that Moss a new word we'll see you
in the next episode of Adam Safi flags
show him what I taught you
Oh Oh you know punch it again right okay
hands up hands up okay chill okay okay
chill don't hit me it's kind of a bad
thing teaching him to fight because he
says hitting me what's a good thing cuz
he protects himself
I can move backward you don't hit me you
hit whoever you know trying to fight go
like this hands up
yes just like that keep going ready Wow
come on swing oh you said yes again
let's go Marcin yes yes you got this go
oh not like that not like that okay do
me yank it's time to wrap up this vlog I
hope you all enjoyed this vlog if you
did make sure you give it a thumbs up
and go Turkey
thank you guys so so much for all your
love and support every single day it
truly means the world I am working so
hard and like giving you guys the best
content every single day on the vlogs on
my main channel on literally everything
and filming many many more for you guys
a lot of surprises coming soon I have a
couple of surprises for these cities for
now that I will be announcing after
Ramadan they are Dubai I like same
debate - by the way - by the way I was a
listener because Dube that's I say I'm
like Arab like iris ow nobody seemed to
buy happy book over here honey have you
fanny org what does it look from Austin
while I was vlogging but man he's
sleeping yeah but your first happy beats
awake you know saying Dubai is first one
company sorry hey welcome home Dubai is
the first one then it's Toronto it's not
in the right order but like I'm just
saying it Dubai Toronto Michigan
Montreal and a secret city that I won't
be announcing I'll just pop up there so
be ready that seeking city should be
really dope and I'm so so excited also I
want to start something real new which
is something that is do with fashion
because you guys if you guys don't know
I love my fashion lovin so I want to
start something you know like fashion
because I love fashion what do you think
about that you love fashion sooo yeah
thank you so much but what about Matt do
you like my fashion yes is it good look
at uh nice oh yeah I have a choice
either a fashion or finish a no but I'm
thinking fashion cuz my leg is injured
and I don't want to like I'm gonna lay
off sports for a little bit so I wanna
do something faster I want to do while
I'm young I don't want to be old are you
calm down do me I'm calmed up I can do
it tell me what
I didn't want you nothin you don't know
what Wow okay pani well how do you Annie
its point of my ankle he's a bum - I'm
not gonna do nothing like no sports
sports I'm laying off I'm doing like I
want to do like I want that second whew
I'm talking to you - come on oh no okay
okay okay
I feel like it you don't like it when
I've broken as I was saying a dooming
egg I hope you're all ready because I'm
planning on launching my fashion channel
because I want to show you guys what's
in my closet what's in my sneak election
just a lot of fashion cool dope stuff so
I want to do while I'm young before I
get older because I want to oh I don't
know I have 1 over 2 million turn on the
TV that keeps cutting me off but
continue talking I hope you already do
because it's about to get real hey
you're home yo I want to do a lot of
crazy I want to show you guys like the
fat shaming with babies like Munson the
fashion with old people like my daddy
he's really young he's 25 or 26 56 56
yeah you just you just took away ten
years you just took away ten years
well yeah guys I want to saw something
like that while I'm young before like I
get older like 23 see you guys tomorrow
do me hope you guys ready for all the
announcements coming soon
I'll see you guys tomorrow take care and
love you guys guys take care I'll see
you guys tomorrow
peace oh he's a feather I promise you
that those tears let me wipe them away I
know you'll be okay that's what you used
to say thumbs up and subscribe
