yeah I was probably everyday a breathing
problem well you know dogs take our
marijuana huh no dos tres hey guys
what's up you do me yank I hope you're
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so if I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day they do me yeah as I
told you guys my little brother is
getting married real soon and I will let
you guys know the date soon is probably
gonna be around November which is pretty
much next month it's probably gonna be
no shave Adam cuz I'm doing No Shave
November so I'm gonna be bearded up in
the wedding but there has been a lot
going on whenever there's a wedding of
my family members there's always so much
going on so I'll always keep you guys
updated with that so we're do me hang
let's start out this line by giving it a
giant thumbs up and go turkey do not
forget to subscribe because I'll upload
every single day it's the weekend so the
kids are upstairs being loud like always
I woke up early yeah let's start up the
day let's have some fun let's do it boom
was popping geez guys he loves you guys
so much you keeps telling you guys
what's up first
you love them that much what you've been
up to huh right being a bad boy who's
being a bad boy who's being a bad boy
bad girl
oh my god what the heck is happening
stop boasting is such a brat with him he
protects the sister but he's the only
one I could fire that is not right
mother calm guys I got a sweet some
Austin right now I'm gonna give him a
little talk I'm gonna give you a talk to
my thinking chair okay guys it's so
sunny out here the weather is so weird
in New York first it's cold and it's so
hot I guys one set of shade cuz it's
really sunny and my eyes don't open in a
son but Mawson do you love Rima so what
why do you why do you hit her and run
away huh sit down here sit down here
give me your toy no give me a cell first
okay give me your little look look I
mean look at me look at me you're not
supposed to hit look at look at me when
you talk that's good look at me don't
look at your toy like I mean you're not
supposed to hit Remo okay okay don't hit
your sister look at me
okay you're gonna go to read my give her
a hug and say sorry yeah yes alright
until you do that then I'll give you the
toy okay yeah let me see you got slow
he's going he doesn't even care like
would you say muffin what do you say
though thank you sorry what do you say I
feel like you just he just did this just
for the toy I don't know you wanna get
down why be in a bad boy huh yes you are
this new man always trapped through such
a shorty or your shorty shorty you're
shorting it do me gang I did tell you
guys to tweet me some crazy dares and
you guys tweeted me the craziest Aires
I've ever seen I literally wrote down
like 30 of them and I don't want to rush
the video where I'm doing the dares
where I'll let you guys control my life
for a day on Instagram cuz I still need
my wireless mics
I need my zooming cameras and there's a
lot of dares that you guys have told me
that are freaking hilarious and I'm
ready to do ratchet Adam is ready to do
it keep tweeting me there's because I'm
literally writing down the best of the
best to do it really soon probably next
week I want to make the video actually
really dope but I do mean yay let me
give you guys a backstory of what my dad
is about to talk about so pretty much
almost every single Yemeni in New York
City they own stores and when they own
stores sometimes it can be in a good
neighborhood sometimes it can be in a
bad neighborhood sometimes it can be now
or right neighborhood but the one my dad
was working at and owned was probably
the worst ever neighborhood ever it was
in the Bronx specifically South Bronx
and pretty much someone threatened him
to leave the store ASAP or else one of
us is gonna be gone I don't even want to
tell you guys a lot of bail my dad to
tell you guys my dad just came out and
told us about this and me my whole
family are super shocked were like what
the heck ice to go there and weekend's
to where Abe he dropped out of school so
he used to work there a lot I'm gonna go
to my dad right now he's gonna talk to
you guys everything is okay but it's
just insane no
that someone wanted us gone I'm gonna go
to my dad right now so I'll see you guys
in next shop do me gang what is poppin
I'm here with my merch if you guys want
to cop some season to merch make sure
you guys get a dummy store.com right now
I am with the one the only
baba salah in the building hi do mother
hi no good no no no okay so today I want
to tell them about the story where you
used to work in the Bronx not only needs
to work in the progress because we never
knew yeah and remember how dangerous was
very very bad how dangerous was it like
one through ten all right so my dad used
to work in the Bronx in New York for a
while now Yemenis are Yemenis owned
stores especially in New York like
everywhere and a lot of them are
dangerous and it can and deadly and my
dad is gonna tell you guys right now the
reason why he stopped working there and
sold the store a customer like a real
thug customer went to my dad and why I
told you when he would be really going
to get you kids well you were sorry
gonna get killed
Liberatore he said one of your son is
gonna get killed like shot up and killed
and that is really scary because I'm his
son a business son and one of my other
little brothers so it's one of us he
tied me the truth yeah wait he said oh
oh so a nice guy told me yeah yeah well
I see everybody carry good if you like
it many idiots on it that is done what
the heck the little kid that area was
really like real a dangerous ass area
so pretty much someone went to you and
they said you'll be careful someone
someone wants to go he sits out the hood
go go home wow that is scary how long
ago was this when you left you left
after a time maybe three week Wow so
three weeks later you just you know yeah
because that's dangerous he obviously my
dad there's only no one to get hurt and
that area I remember like I was like I
was like 17 you know my bad days I was
really bad so I don't know if they wants
it has to have me gone or to have eight
gone or my little brother who didn't
want who do they want to take I don't
know you tell me it was it me who was
the eight know what the heck that is
just wow that is just creepy that and
then you had that I believe in go use
the sonic yeah take a buddy wanna know
what the heck that is just this is why
like it's every Yemeni out there don't
make your goal you know like working in
a store make your goal you know
education school
do something that you would love to do
cuz stores I feel like it's just really
old school my dad and I happen to like
he doesn't work no more he's chilling
relaxing at home having his time you
know with the kids and I got him you
know I got you back I always got you
like my mom thank you for always having
my back and it's just yeah it's just him
so it's like it's just really scary how
someone told me yeah someone told him
you better leave this or someone is
trying to like come and heal up yeah
yeah Wow yeah I can go home see ya my
dad made a loss from him because he sold
the store for half price that is what
Tim and my dad retired how long would
they retire yeah yeah like--on eight to
ten years ago and that's what my dad
retired and just stopped work in the
stores because it's just is it it's not
the place for especially when someone is
a bit older like my dad it's not the
place to be they even if you're younger
it's probably even worse when you're
younger you don't want to bust him we're
talking about life come - all right why
is he so bad hi guys so that is the
story of my dad how he completely
stopped working I feel like it's a
blessing and hand in LA I feel like is a
big big blessing so and it's really
scary because my dad never ever told me
this story until just recently because
everyone was wondering like why did my
dad just retire out of nowhere why did
my dad just stops to sell the story and
not working it on my until he told me
like literally a few weeks ago yeah a
few weeks ago he told me someone wanted
one of his kids which is one of us gone
and I never knew that I never knew that
Wow
and it's a good thing you didn't tell us
because if you were told to at the time
and we're kind of little younger would
have been going crazy like what the heck
who's trying to do it and I would've
been acting stupid wouldn't went
completely wrong but hamdullah
everything happens for a reason right
now we're here in our house in your own
room and we're chilling with crazy
Muslim who needs super nanny honor do me
gang that is the story how someone tried
to thread my that was actually someone
helped my dad but other people were
threatening him to take one of his sons
away which is really really freaking
scary when my dad told my whole family
everyone was just freaking out but the
good thing is my dad never told anyone
at the time because he's right everyone
would have freaked out if you would have
told anyone at the time but having
little as I told you guys everything
happens for a reason and do me hang I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog I wanted
to give you guys something instead of
nothing because my little brother is
getting married and it's a big big thing
in my family because after him the next
person to get married is my nephew Hamza
yeah the one who takes off his shirt
he's gonna be getting married then I'm
joking but a doobie yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this life if you did make sure
you give it a thumbs up and go turkey
smash that like button adieu me yang do
not forget to subscribe because I'll
upload every single day dummy I'll see
you guys tomorrow take care and peace
