what's up Badou me gang so I am home and
I'm back again with another respond
video so as you guys know last week I
did a video replying to this kid from
Singapore who literally disrespected the
Quran and after I made that video there
were so many hate videos on me so many
people cursing me out like literally
cursing my life out so I'm gonna respond
to one of them right now and his name is
I do not know his name
introverted smiles so he seems like a
positive guy I don't know seems like a
nice guy too but let's watch the video
we have the Brussels attacks we have so
many more terrorist attacks and then we
have the 50 people dead at the nightclub
and my previous video was just you know
I didn't have much information I didn't
know the guy was Muslim but now that I
found out I'm just outraged by this and
you know some of my subscribers were
telling me that Adam saw they made a
video reacting to some Asian guy who
were feeding him with the Koran who was
actually just pointing out some verses
from the Quran and Adam Saleh was like
that's the wrong translation and he's
just saying oh that's not what it really
means
Islam respects women yeah you know he's
the kind of asshole that just walks
around in a tank top and just like you
know he doesn't even have the full beard
you know he probably wants his sister's
to wait a job and I'm sorry you're
fucking bitch and then flick you off
I'll plug that right in your fucking
face hold up hold up hold up like what
did I do to this got it who's there Remo
what are you doing going at her job and
go out no I don't want to go out I'm the
world to know Rima I got this I'm gonna
roast him okay make sure you vote him
good I got you baby boom makes you wear
a hijab
alright make sure you do yep let me
continue watching this video but a
little bit emotional because you try to
get someone banned Adam solid you try to
get someone banned on YouTube and you
know I know the type of people that
follow you and
gonna fight those people that follow you
it's all the fucking truth about Islam
we just saw her we're tired of it and no
no no this has nothing to do with Isis
in the Quran and tells you that
homosexuality is forbidden and in the
hadith you have no choice
a homosexual is either burned alive or
thrown off a rooftop and guess what
on Twitter at the friend named Ahmed
that's exposing all of these Arab
Muslims that feel happy about the
Orlando shooting it's so unbelievable
they feel happy about it they're
celebrating you know they're saying gays
are not in our nature I am NOT happy
there's probably some people who are
happy but you're pointing out Muslims
saying Muslims are happy there's a lot
of people in any religion who would be
happy about this even on the news if you
want to get personal even on the news it
came up that a priest who was happy
about these people's death in the
Orlando attack and he said it's good
news so don't try to point out Muslims
and saying you know we're bad does
anyone in every religion can be happy
about anything in gays not in their
nature so it's good that a lot disposed
of them saying disgusting things like
that and that's the reality man we're
dealing with a reality if you want to
import these people into our country
that's where you're gonna have to
fucking deal with two-faced
motherfuckers that want the Sharia that
don't respect your loss so it's time for
you Americans to start to start taking a
stance and fucking white people stop
feeling guilty because I'm getting I'm
getting to my limit here I'm getting to
my limit where I'm just tired of it I'm
trying to this political correctness
because it's killing our country and
it's time for us to take a state of this
people time to be warriors time to call
out the bullshit time to stand up we're
tired of all the attacks were tired of
all the discrimination from our end
that's what we're tired of I don't
really care about what you want in this
country anymore of Muslims I really
don't go back to your country if that's
how you want to live get the fuck out of
here
seriously guys I cannot take videos like
this serious like what seriously
everything he said was just like what
the heck
so first of all he is saying that I kid
Amos he just pointed out verses from the
Koran whoa that's it he just points it
out no he translated the Koran into
stuff that was wrong and that I had to I
felt like I had to stand up and speak
about it and he is being really
sarcastic saying Oh Islam respects women
yes Aslam respects women Muslims as
Muslims we respect woman did you know
that Muhammad peace be upon him he
fought he fought in war for for a woman
he fought for women and the crazy thing
is all this guy's videos are all like
against Islam like I was watching it's
like it's like it's like seriously a
joke this one's called I bought bacon
while the Muslim saw me and I went to
the grocery store that Bob premium cut
bacon bacon beer you know I just I don't
know what came over me I just bought
this package of bacon for three dollars
and guess what happened a Muslim I used
to know entered the grocery store right
and I'll talk to him anymore
and he was like in the front asking a
customer service associated about fruits
or something like that and I was already
in the checkout line waiting to be
checked out and so I was like man hurry
up hurry up hopefully this guy trips me
up quick and as soon as the cashier
comes to check me out this muscle runs
up behind me and this is another video I
haven't done the video in a while and
I'm in my closet right now because I got
a message I forgot to answer four days
ago about dude this guy is in a closet
filming a video he's in a closet filming
if they want you to read the Quran just
read the Quran please them say Salaam
while they come do everything you know
what I'm saying look at it as a culture
that you want to get out of pretty soon
this dude is so disrespectful he's
disrespecting that guy who saw him with
bacon and most of all he's disrespecting
me I shot my little brother his video
and you know my little brother said he
said
and that guy's a joke don't even waste
your time on him if anything you can
roast it my little brother said I can
roast you because you're a joke
my older brother said I can roast this
guy because he's a complete jokes I'm
like you know what
little bro you're right I can't take
this guy serious so I don't roasted just
like how you went up to my face I'm
gonna go up to his face and I have some
fun so I'm a roast you kid I hope you're
ready with the tank top I mean on my
fact I'm put on a sweater for you love
it let's do this
yo check it seems like yo tricked by the
media getting all your info from
Wikipedia whatever you hear in the news
you believe what that nasty freaking
hair about to buy you a weave you look
like you work in the hooking lounge go
make me some great mint now why you
always like to fill your room you need
to get education and go back to school
go back to my country that I was born
here you're trying to talk smart
thinking you Shakespeare America's made
by immigrants just like you but you're
insignificant illiterate irritate trying
to act act man innocent you saying this
time is all about hate but its line
means peace and I'll say it to your face
it's line means peace and I'll say it to
your face man it's Ramadan
I thought they locked up the shaitaan
you need a relax and stay calm and learn
your facts about Islam I bet you're
voting for Donald Trump man yo face
looks like my dump why you actin like
you white cuz if Trump becomes president
you're also taking that one-way flight I
respect your opinion but you need a stop
trip and don't eat a full beard to be
Muslim Muslims always respect women
don't just one out of 1.6 billion never
try to get him banned I just wanted an
apology you try to make a serious video
but it turned out to be comedy man you
look like a brown broccoli you look like
a daisy dragon Moses but one day Allah
will guide you and I can say that I
tried to but you're a joke huh I'm done
go Babu
it is the end of the video I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go turkey make
sure give it a big big thumbs up because
there will be a lot of you know people
will hate on Islam to try to out be the
dislikes by what you guys how beat with
the thumbs up by clicking thumbs up if
you found it entertaining and enjoyed it
leave a little comment below I'm just
having fun to be honest these people
were making videos cursing me out I feel
like they're still see a joke and it's
so so funny I decided to give them some
knowledge but also roast them and toast
them I'm serious no jokes I thank you
guys do me a four-element support I'll
see you guys tomorrow thank you guys for
sticking by my side and that guy
whatever his name is you just took this
l baby take that L don't mess with me or
do me any or Islam no I'm saying have a
nice day sir take care and peace I'll
owe you
you
