assalamualaikum waalaikumsalam whoo I
don't know why I'm acting like Rick Ross
as-salam-o-alaikum a palabra catcher do
me gang I hope you're having an amazing
day because I'm having an amazing day so
what I'm having an amazing day you all
should be having an amazing happy
positive day filled with happiness
today is day five of Ramadan and the
time is super flying really fast and
it's just I don't know times flat I
don't want a lot to end
it's been really really fun and like I
can already see like I'm gonna ending so
quick and like all of us like oh my god
time is flying all the tweeting that as
usual me my older brother on another
adventure today we don't know what it is
but we out to go shoe shop dust mite out
with Romy Hamza and we're gonna go to
Times Square have a little chill up and
after that we come back home to eat
how's your fasting going on
well yeah well that's all and they're in
a revolution you know I did we're eating
marketing page yeah look I mean eyes
look at me neither
tell me that you don't eat with them o
Allah don't eat with them you just look
the other way
what would you do like honest honest
question what would you do if you're
sleeping and I'll just shave your whole
beard off I just want to know what you
gotta get your handheld course in the
street and they're both you got
something right I dare you guys this is
sneak right there let it go you just
broke your faster - snake
did you get a baby scare football some
be scared
so you guys I got that move on breath
right now so if anyone beats me and I'm
talk to you guys I'm gonna lick away and
talk I'll be like yeah I'm a freakin
fake girl
for real
you do it with the rat-faced you know
how many people show you that name do
you want them to respect your name
let's do it
you guys both sit and watch TV
rat keep putting the rats head in his
mouth oh my god what did that free
only when I'm fasting they're giving out
free coke
like thunder
reflection
Dominican Republic
I can't believe I'm doing this guy's but
tomorrow 211 is the game slim you know I
have my curry slim couldn't find a
Loranger
right here so I don't know if I should
get in there you know what I'll just get
into LeBron Jersey so it'll be cool
having a courier
what's up a duma gang so I just got home
there's about 30 minutes left for a
flash so I decided to do something a
little different today
I'm gonna react to a video because a lot
of people having DMing means showing me
this video where like this racist guy
saying something about I don't know it's
something I haven't watched it yet let's
see this video okay so the video is
called refuting Islam with their own but
an censored this bread from Muhammad's
God Gimenez skellige from the Holy Land
Lord of the end those first of his name
hi Sadie humble meccans
stone to the fires and rape women India
sorting toenails flying monkey sauce
well I mean you every say all right
first of all what the heck like this
dude is on he storm disease he's high
what the heck is he doing this is so
ignorant looking at it right now this
wood has 40,000 subscribers he has a
pretty decent amount of subscribers it
looks like he's a youtuber but he's
disrespecting one of the biggest
religions in the world
there's even 7,000 thumbs-up $7,000 on
this video in the first 30 seconds he's
disrespected 1.6 billion people in the
world but it's all games ignorant
people's continue on and watch what he
has to say
islam teaches good morals sexism but
those wives from whom you fear arrogance
first advise them then if they persist
or shake them in bed and try me
hola what is this freaking ratchet boy
with a weave saying like he just
translated the the most BS trip of the
quran he just translated the quran in
his way he said if you think your wife
is arrogant beat and raped them in islam
anyone who rapes anyone would get stoned
to death that is not allowed understand
raping anyone is not allowed in islam
angry on profits we have mainly love who
to be thy lives to whom thou has paid
their towers and no slave show thy right
hand possesses out of the press
all right so this weird kid who's on
something right now basically what he's
doing he's taking out stuff from the
Quran and he's making it seem like he's
making it seem really bad by translating
it into his own it's like doing this
it's like someone having a story about
me and he takes out one line where it
said Adam killed this person and then
imagine showing that person one line
Adam kill that person but you didn't
read the whole like the whole line the
Prophet Muhammad SAW Allah he he's -
freestlye he's to help slaves he's to
equal slaves so I don't know what to do
the same we're all slaves but that line
he said which is in the Quran saying
having slaves is fine I'm gonna show you
guys in the Quran the real way he
doesn't even deserve to hold the Quran
or her on TV even that close to him I
want to show you guys the line which is
this is in the same surah of that line
so it connects with it he just said he's
just taking it out trying to make it
into a negative because that's what you
know people do and says worship Allah
and join none with him and do good to
parents kinfolk orphans the mossad keen
the neighbor who is near of kin the
neighbor who was a stranger the
companion by her side the wayfarer and
those slaves whom your right hand passes
you listen agent like it says do good do
good and it has slaves in their asthma
sacking the needy and many many more so
your point is not proven to me gang
there is some parts in this video where
is absolutely insane like he said some
quite I do not want to put it I do not
want to show that you look because it's
so ignorant I do not want you guys to
hear it so I'm gonna skip some of it a
saying and I'm whatever he's saying
that's not I'll back it up for you guys
I know that it is a fact that women are
lower than me
I never liked women wearing a smelly
and they have a bagina skirt oh my god
first is this man mad cuz he looks like
a woman you things like you know that
Islam is like what it's not it's not
it's not it's not probably we would be
respect women Muslims respect women like
you with nice beautiful hair mind soft
beautiful home we respect you kidding
altar side NS laughs we were suspect
woman heaven lies under our mother's
feet and our mothers as well woman women
go through so much they go through so
much and we would never ever disrespect
woman in any kind of ways unbelievers
garments of fire shall be cut and there
shall be poured over the house boiling
water when I when ever is in their vows
has this bump is lucky is the month of
ramadhan right now remember it basically
says if you're an unbeliever which is
you you're going to hell that's what it
says if you're an unbeliever you're
going to tell me translated and made it
seem like it's a whole violent like whoa
so crazy it's not it really isn't in
this lab you get so many chances you get
forgiven so many times Allah is the most
forgiving you know what I'm gonna call
my little big brother on you I'm gonna
call my little brother on hey y'all this
Thanks come see the Slammys from
believers the garments of fire and shall
be cut he translated to put put
unbelievers in boiling water and iron
huh so that's basically but after higher
seventy 1517 put with seventy chapter 17
risen 14 thank you bro chapter 17 verse
15 it says whoever goes right then he
goes right only for the benefit of his
ownself and whoever goes astray then he
goes astray to his own loss no one laden
with burdens can bear another's burden
and this is the main one for us and we
never punished until we have sent a
message to give warning and we never
punished until we have sent a messenger
to give warning which means all the
unbelievers will get a message of you
know they'll get a warning of what's
wrong and what's right they give them
warning
just automatically just like put them to
hell like that they get a warning and
you know let's say someone is doing
wrong they'll get a warning from Allah
like I say you'll get sick I don't know
you're gonna want something what
happened and then you realize oh wow
just gave me a warning for me to get
close to him so that's what it means I'm
done watching this video I'm seriously
done I proved my point to him I mean sir
I proved my point it's all good Allah
you never know this kid might change but
one thing I will do I will report that
video and I suggest you guys will watch
right now report that video even if
anyone disrespects any other religion
Christianity Judaism Hinduism anything
anyway that's just really disrespectful
so I suggest you guys and was watching
report that video I Adam Saleh and
requesting an apology video from this
dude to all Muslims around the world I
am requesting apology video from that
kid it alott make this kid a better
person and may Allah show him the right
path and I don't know us Muslims will
react in a positive way to him so
hopefully you never know he might change
and be a good guy but as of now it is
not looking pretty good
I'm gonna end the vlog here I hope you
guys enjoyed if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up and go Turkey
thank you guys so so much for your love
and support do me nganga truly means the
world and me and slim
might be having a basketball game either
tomorrow or the day after tomorrow
because we're trying to rent out a
little basketball court since we're like
late at night because we can't do it
during the day since we're fasting so
we'll keep you guys all updated with
that thank you guys so much you guys
enjoy these types of videos like
reacting to like stuff like this let me
know like in the comments below any
video you'll me to rap to during I'm a
lot and I'll react to it so we'll see
how it goes I'll see you guys tomorrow
Mike thank you so much I love you peace
I like
