oh no yo yo what's poppin to do me yet
hope you all having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day cool
whoa my phone just fell do me again I
hope you're all having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing happy day it do me
going I'm feeling so good today it is my
mom's birthday huge shout out to mama
solid happy birthday to you I know
you're watching this because you watch
my vlogs every single day I just want to
say mama thank you so much I love you
you raised me so well you taught me so
much you had my back through thick and
then I appreciate you for everything for
making me for dealing with me when I was
a kid I really hope I'm an amazing son
to you I love you so much I wish I could
show you in a vlog so I do me yank and
see you but all of them already telling
you happy birthday and they show so much
love and support to you to many more
years to come and shout love because
mama you got to see my kids come on
you've seen everyone else's kid my
family but my kids so inshallah soon I
love you so much and happy birthday I'm
gonna do the end today's vlog is mainly
about my dad so as you guys know I did
the ignoring for 24 hours challenge
video on Mawson I did it on Rima this
time yes to do me yang this time I'm
doing it on baba Salah you went outside
to go get some lime and a bulimic feed
whether it is there he is here he's
coming in to bring me I'm gonna fly with
him for a bit and after that the
ignoring will start give this vlog a
giant thumbs up do not forget to
subscribe to stay updated with my daily
videos I'll see you guys the next show
chicken or or lemon chicken oh I thought
it's like I'm out of chicken eggs do you
know that it's some cuz my dad always
has a habit of forgetting people's
birthdays whose birthday is today today
yeah you know whose birthday I guess um
know your wife the mom asada
Oh
water stick I've got with you would be
her chicken in
what's up Prima how you doing you look
like you didn't like to see chickens no
why I see why you're scared to see the
chickens you're tired why from school
she was asleep oh it's poppin' g was
good here with the homie aid like he
loves I'm trying to pretend to be asleep
was good look at is he really being
asleep Lee he's been pretended look at
his big eyes I don't know but I refused
to believe that Marcin is actually
sleeping he's so good at pretending to
be asleep
especially when wakes up for school I
don't know man like he's such a good
actor like maybe he is really sleeping
you know what Rima knows him so well so
she knows everything literally
everything even when he was younger like
his baby language Rima always know
everyone coming is he really sleeping or
no oh is he joking hmm yes hi guys he's
actually sleeping medicine okay do me
gang it is time I just ordered food my
food is about the common I believe my
dad is in the kitchen he's always in the
kitchen but that's where I'm gonna start
off to ignore him as you guys know my
dad is Yemeni Arab Muslim that and I'm a
son for a son to ignore your dad it's
pretty damn scary man I dare you guys to
do it you don't get the whooping man
hopefully I don't get the whooping I
might ignore him in a way when I'm just
like eating my food and chilling I'm
gonna feel so bad but it's all good in
the hypothesis I'm getting you broski
let's do it I'm gonna go upstairs I'll
see ya the next shot
a couple already
but really I do
fucking hate to Khurana
hey let me do it the bouquet okay yes I
do
Linda yeah I'll put it up
do I even have to tie up in my room
how many cooks have a big nothing I know
my own body
guys like my dad just went outside to
drink his coffee man I am so I'll tell
his car I'm so scared I feel so bad he
literally made me coffee who speaking
all in Arabic he said are you crazy what
the hell did he turn crazy guys another
reason why I feel so bad for ignoring my
dad because he made me this bangin
coffee he's known to make the best
coffee ever as you guys know coffee
comes from Yemen and it's amazing there
my dad is known to make the best with
Tony look I'm sorry about the frig no
I'm sorry don't be sorry thanks for the
coffee nobody ok kids as you guys know
I'm ignoring my dad he's upstairs right
now for now I'm gonna be a teacher yeah
I'm just gonna make time pass body so
I'm ready to go upstairs and be grown my
dad because I'm low-key scared okay
what's 10 + 10 21 what's temple son 20
men who knows their ABCs all right guys
mr. Saleh is giving you back I was just
trying to kill some time because I got
to go back up to my day a real karate I
look like a karate teacher yeah and real
live why cuz of this yeah yeah I was
black belt and Yemen you know what that
is
other Dennis taught you that she's
talking to you
why are you ignoring him close Lulu is
Tori pro-iranian to you alone it's our
cousin
yah-yah-yah maybe my cousin yeah what
you bucket man you crazy now
I'll never marry my cousins never like
what do you want
so my kids could come on mama know about
cousin the kids might come out here I
don't know it do me I feel so bad but
I'm so sorry he keeps here I should have
really ignored him the whole time
something to get married my cousin boy
he is tripping out a what do you think
said you gonna help me out right my
brother you better say no with me
brother huh what you saying oh yeah what
yeah what Steve grab the Gucci slipper I
was like no I'm done Ross it's my bootie
slippers it do me gang I couldn't even
last like 30 minutes ignoring my dad he
started talking to me about marriage
she started talking about a lot of crazy
stuff and I was like what the heck and
once he pulled that slipper that's when
I stopped ignoring him because that Loki
got scared but it's all good at the hood
I hope you guys enjoyed this video do me
gang so as you guys know I played this
game 2k 19's the basketball game NBA 2k
19 I made my player and I want you guys
to tell me if this player looks like me
or not because Slim is saying it does
look like me one of my other friends is
saying it doesn't look like me so I want
you guys to let me know the comments
below does he look like me right yes
or right no this is my player right here
I think it looks like I think it looks a
lot like me other than the hair but you
guys have you know the comments below
other than that I'm ending this vlog
here do me yeah I will be doing a video
called I let my fans control me on
Instagram something like that I'm doing
it really soon me and slim this week and
expect the main channel video the
weekend after that a big banger do me
yang so be ready to guys enjoy this
video make sure you guys give it a giant
thumbs up and go Turkey thank you guys
so much for loving support I'll see you
guys tomorrow take care and peace
