hello which way they came
here what's poppin and doom again I hope
you all having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy I'm going
upstairs once again cuz there's always
drama in my family especially with the
kids must've in rewind what I noticed
about Mawson is that he is so protective
over Rima now what what what are you
coming do you love muslin huh I feel
like three mothers afraid to show her
love to mauston like my son was hugging
it yesterday saying I love you and you
protect her even today when I want to go
pick them up from school Boston is
always protect and Reba let me go out
let me go what are you doing hey what
the heck is going on hey yeah well look
at that boy yo what's up G are you doing
get down get down
are you a bad boy what hey everybody's
gonna split time doing guys maybe London
we won big
I never knew that till today what crazy
that she's seven years old and she has
pretty good remembering Mawson do you
love reading law
how much do you love her a lot
oh look at him are you always protecting
her why you love her because he always
that's it I think that's why made me
must is protected he is like only I can
fight her no other boy this kid is like
half of Remus eyes and he's still
protecting her like a big boy you're my
baby listen do me gag I am heading to
Brooklyn to go play some basketball and
get a crazy workout and bought to meet
up with slim in Brooklyn right now I'm
see I'm Brooklyn in the next shot the do
me gang so I just got to Brooklyn a
I just met up with the homies let me
slip into building a lab see how your
Mac human livers shopping for Sophia
giving us some fruit so this is actually
what this thing I never wants to do this
shit I don't ask for this is the first
time I'm ever doing this but really no
shit cute I think that's really really
cute about the go play basketball have a
workout and I've seen him literally I
was walking on my husband buying oranges
not so good though it's a live crab boat
what's that hair crap what is that my
friend what's that
is he gonna bite me pop him off fingers
then can I pull off finger yes is it
gonna bite me or not yeah I'm so scared
you see me touching a sushi - sushi
ours is live at oh it's alive he came to
get the fish
he's live and his ex heels
what the heck yeah so slim was trying to
get cherries for Sophia yeah and then
trying to get grapes I brought a grape
that's not a cherry oh my no I'm done
with this dude but it's it I'm done with
this dog no guys look they got live
frogs and a turtle yo your turn bitch
another pet turtle
are you seven that totally died yo
recipes de Bresse the piece mute yo they
got legit this is a turtle right there
is it a live turtle
what the head is still oh yeah those two
I think there's legs but they cannot
touch it or not can you give me a frog
huh can I get one frog huh only use it
can you give me one the few Eternals I
don't know
do you eat the Turtles okay can I get a
frog brother can I get one oh this is
legit you know they like the tide
they're laid aside
so they were hot that's crazy little bit
please look at this from another mother
oh man how you doing no good okay
Oh what's your name huh what's in it I'm
in love you both you hug let me a hug I
can't get a hug brother you get a hug
adieu beginning I am back here's a
little highlight of our basketball game
it always gets heated this was recorded
on my friends phone
I saved the basketball from out of
bounds my teammate ended up making it
and me slim we won the game you guys can
see how heated I was I promise you guys
next time I need to record the full game
but just stop my friend had on his phone
and he saw the game getting crazy heated
I was getting crossovers my dude was
falling there it is right here
so yeah so do me yeah I hope you guys
enjoy that you guys enjoyed this vlog
make sure you guys always give it a
giant thumbs up let's try to aim for
20,000 thumbs up and doom again I have a
lot of main channel videos that are
about to be out prank master Adam is
about to be back out in a public telling
you guys stay tuned I never hype up main
channel videos like that but this one
I'm hyping up cuz it's gonna be one of
my favorite ones me and mas and we're
doing it together so state two in the
next shot you guys are about to see
something crazy like a special guest is
about to come I'm so excited for you
guys to see it so yeah go Emma enjoy it
it's in the next shot do me game this is
seriously like my new spot I don't know
why I really like it cuz it's like a
couch Johnny this is my new talking spot
so do me every single day I'm on my
Twitter I'm on my Instagram I read the
comments on YouTube today I was reading
all my mentions reading all my comments
and all I seen was people commenting
saying Adam solid you're in Shane
Dawson's new video not mine
wait holla is it the Jay Paul video cuz
I do watch Shane Dawson I've been
watching him for like years since before
I started YouTube and I look up to him a
lot cuz he's a bit older than me and his
personality sir she's one of the best
personalities ever so nice he's so
humble matter of fact he's too nice and
too humble so I really hope he goes hard
on Jay Paul I haven't watched the whole
video watched a few of it and I haven't
gotten to the part where I'm in someone
tweeted me saying it's 8 minutes and 42
seconds so yeah let's watch it and see
I'm laughing because Shane Dawson was
like I'm too nice and it looks like he's
got enough cuz a lot of people were
getting mad because they felt like that
Shane Dawson is giving Jake paw a
platform but I don't think he is because
I think he's going actually hard boy do
me again
that wasn't me in the video I'm Adam
Saleh you know Adam style ain't always
fresh like got from Subway I don't even
know what I said but you know what I
mean that was it
me in the video that was actually Adam
Austin yeah yeah solid so I'm not gonna
talk for him like I'm not gonna respond
for him I'm just
adem√°s and yeah I like um talk to you
guys gonna talk about the video he's
gonna talk about him being and Shane
Dawson's video and about Jake Paul so he
I'll see you guys after Adam Austin yeah
I'll he's here he hasn't been in the
videos for so long but it'd do me Hankey
is back after a long long time a new me
game please welcome the one the only
Adam Watson yeah yeah let's go it's
coming through hello hello which way is
the camer oh this is the game and I hope
Salam alaikum warahmatullahi wabarakatu
this is Adam or Samia hey Sonic I am
very very happy to be back first of all
I just want to say Shane Dawson shukran
thank you for doing this and Jake balls
I mean he has no balls because he
doesn't want to fight Adam solid but
Shane Dawson you have big bow thank you
very very much
I saw your video from the Muslim
community thank you well I wanna see I'm
gonna give you the biggest hug till you
can't breathe Shane Dawson well I I was
thinking the same thing that Jake balls
is associating bath or whatever you
sociopathic bath oh my goodness I can't
pronounce the letter P they teach you in
Yemen be English alphabet soon once they
get to the letter B not to be as in
baseball he hasn't pray you know no one
of the Middle East knows have to say
that letter so let me teach you guys so
all the people who don't know how to
pronounce the letter B this is what you
do wanna practice on that letter rip
some papers yes
you guys must be thinking add them up
zinnia solid you're crazy why are you
ripping papers this is the reason why
you pretty much say the letter B you
know you gotta blow some some breath so
make sure you brush your teeth
before doing this make sure you're not
fasting or just make sure no one is in
front of you
pee pee you got to make sure blow that
pee pee la pee yes tell us this is my
technique for the letter B but wallah
mr. Dawson I just want to say thank you
so so much you made me very very proud
because when I made that video I think
it was like last year
really hurt me man it was being very
very stereotypical which is stupid if a
Muslim guy comes up to you you don't
tell him you're gonna blow something up
imagine if Jake Bulls did this to an
african-american guy and told them hey
you look like you're about to drink some
kool-aid like no no no it's not funny
what if Jake balls would have done it to
a Chinese guy and said hey you look like
you're about to eat the dog how a la
corte LaBella us muslims are good people
and we are successful people just like
all my cousins if I ever need a dick
dude I can go to my cousin if I ever
need to do my taxes with an account
attendant I can go to my cousin if I
ever need to go to an engineer I can go
to my cousin if I want to get married to
a beautiful wife I can go to my cousin
you know we are very very peaceful
people we appreciate you Shane Dawson we
love you so so much you brought back at
the mercy nearly assault so thank you
very much and tell Jake balls the fight
Adams Allah and stop being a punk well
ye I'll fight him with this on was my
thought if he is that scared I would
fight him with this on Carlos I can't
even move my legs it's like I'm fighting
with no legs I'll give him one left hook
and well I will go all the way to the
mountains write the novel Duffy I
promised they'd be back and add them
solid blogs you guys want me to come
back make sure you guys give this black
a giant thumbs up thank you very much
thank you so much I love you guys do me
gang I'm ending this vlog I hope you all
enjoy this vibe if you did make sure
guys give it a giant thumbs up and go
Turkey thank you guys so much for I love
it support not forget to subscribe
because I upload every single day doom
again literally like every day it's
every day but no it's not huh me love
you guys I see you guys someone take a
picture
