hey guys what's up you're dooming I hope
you're having an amazing it because I'm
having sorry guys a bug I don't know why
my eye on my nose I'm so disgusting it
is messed up my intro but I hope you are
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so I'm having an amazing
day so if I'm having an amazing day we
are heading to go we don't know yet
either the sky jumping from the building
because I'm trying to some crazy black
footage crazy like you know stuff for
you guys or shooting guns so what do you
think he's up for the sky jump is
basically jump off a building and like
you have like your equipment on you jump
off the whole building or but it's a lot
of you got a scared me steel and they're
the only ones that are like down to do
it but the rest of you will want to
shoot guns the shooting gun thing is
still really really nice cuz you shoot
machine guns shoot dope guns so we'll
see how it goes
first today an amazing day Matthew Sousa
got OCD man cleaning the car that is
just around the cars you know they
charge a fee where they have to clean so
let me drive let me go
I've been driving so much for the vlog
so I'm not gonna draw for you guys I'm
going right the weather is hot like it
is so hot today's the most hottest we've
ever been here in Vegas of the whole
week you Jews raining summertime now
super sunny so ball we just got here to
the shooting gun range I don't know I
don't know much about guns my dad knows
a lot
because back in Yemen it's literally
like so many gun I'm gonna tell you guys
a gun store I've had said I was going to
store right now one time my dad in Yemen
he let me shoot a gun my dad hear me let
me shoot a gun a k47 right away I was
around 7 I shot it like when I shot off
blue back all the way I swear to God
like but 12 so if September 10 I'm going
to Dearborn and September 12 Toronto
then I have the gun I literally like
housing the mouse and almost fell about
my screen okay look mother look just
like that and almost I'll say up there
shooting cause in Yemen you can shoot my
dad we see who this old all his guff
this is here we buy guns look at this
you know only real men can do it so I
think you should stay outside sit down
right there
I'm not going wow this is safe that is
sick
are these legal and Vegas in them
everything is legal so I could buy this
gun right now okay I need to be resident
what even resident lay I need to live
here so I need to live here in a house
and I live in New York so New York they
will forget one of these in New York
little arrestee fillet i recipe for like
50 is that that looks sick right this is
sick if I won't ever get a gun I would
get probably like that is dope
show that you can have this is crazy
oh this is heavy and then it goes like
fast no these are semi-auto sniper Oh
Lucas you always have to realize
Safety's first okay when anybody ever
has you rifle I've done figure out the
trick that's right I probably got one of
these
she's a knife what are those kick car
see this one so didn't hk45 go out of
the it's got a what's called a decocker
so if you ever carry in the situation
de-escalates you push it down and it
won't allow the hammer to hit one of the
best guns out there that's Korean
Germany it's just that's crazy return
Germany sleeve EDC does occur safety
first this crazy so this is a real gun
this would kill someone
well the whole point of burn is a gun is
actually to protect yourself it's not as
I tend to kill anybody last thing you
ever want to do you write you up if you
can walk away in the system which one is
the craziest gun like out of all 14 you
will push down on that lever and you can
actually
this is real you know oh my god not just
put her on a con it's not that little
behead that is it Raceway sinus first
McCormick recorder make some noise
stomach rate on the floor mat I wonder
close at all times
we got on the other side of the spoilers
give me a red light you guys got stay
behind red lights I like all you have to
shoot
one two three four six two Yahoo's go
puzzle of redline disease increases the
video that you part
alright guys I'd like to go to god I'm
gonna go buy everything
and finally here again this grazie that
shot that we had it was a 50 count it
was so hard that was way to God like I'm
moving towards the air like it took the
breath everybody my shoulder I will show
you guys my shoulder question at that
big one oh my god we're nuts from the
busy calendar that's from the 50 Cal oh
it's crazy now though so Cruz deputy
before Hey
that was Soho
so crazy and so fun they actually gave
us a gift which is this bullet and when
you bring it to the airport you're not
allowed to like put it two carry-on bags
you got to put it into check bags or
also again big big trouble
you know I'm thinking it was look how
much sugar I have a crazy Prague idea
but imagine putting this like one of Naz
is back or any one sums bag woke us
tonight where they're leaving in a
carry-on they get a deep deep trouble I
wouldn't do it I'll think about putting
this one here carry-on bags so you guys
travel put anybody masses bag I'll put
in here carry along you know why so
scared he thinks if he goes back to it
in England he thinks like people gonna
think he's taking military training and
he's trying to set up on the view he's
so paranoid
there's no paranoid we we get questions
is every time we come in because it's
America if it's our names and then goes
back in
it's nothing tell me you're just going
200 show them the flag will show them
the flag you're good guys thumbs up I
should put in this carry-on bag 30,000
thumbs up I'll do it okay you're dooming
it's time to wrap up this vlog I hope
you all enjoy this like who did make
sure you give it a thumbs up and go
Turkey I am so full right now I ate so
much at the buffet at Caesar's Palace
and they had literally like Lobster like
a lot of new stuff lobster oysters crabs
what else what guys was a cold and it
was really weird food but my camera
ended up dying I wanted to vlog like all
the weird food I was eating but I might
try it soon and flag before you guys
than that I will see you guys tomorrow
dummy and I'll bring you guys on another
crazy adventure with me so hopefully it
was that great I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care or pitch I like
I'm here for you always a fan
fools let me wipe em away okay that's
what you say
