dumi yeah I'm gonna go upstairs because
the kids are sold out and I always hear
some drama upstairs cells go see what's
up man every single day this let's see
what's up
I said what's going on here doing good
what's up Bob I don't know yeah that's
all she's doing good this is my dad's
headshake meaning literally and
knuckle-touch
all the time even to Slim's everyone not
good touch not good touch if you ever
meet my dad he'll give you a nudge there
a you know Dan shake yeah you know it
yeah what's up am i doing good we made
otogi sister the babies you would you
love him or her love Ramon
Oh
yes when you guys are here no fighting
no messing around stop being kids that
you guys are be mature okay yeah be
mature oh this is not mature papa do
they do this every day every day oh my
god this is like little baby drama every
day no it's not it's my hat no it's not
it's mine is it is it your hammer safes
don't see what light if you're lying
hook is it yours or no let me know in
the comments below who's telling the
truth
Rafi and Rima okay look is that your hat
give me reason why and then I give me a
reason why look what do you want okay
okay guys okay lady I just chose just
that I'll give you I'll give you guys
Dora I'll give you
30 knots you have nothing do me a hat I
got you guys miss you guys get it at
dummy store calm it's funny I'll say
I've got his own number and everything
so we're calling him right now literally
I really want to know I'm just so
curious like Toki's guys cut what's up
doing good I see but uh no I'm not
asking uh whose hat is this is absolute
oh this is that oh I just spoke about
this thing she told me that say I was
sleeping and that is actually saves hats
roughing shrimp it's a pizza shirt so
don't say well oh man well it's not your
hair well it means I swear to god don't
play with that word you know I'm saying
yeah yeah
do me gang today is the day after a long
year movie documentary that I'm in the
trailer is finally out today and I'm
gonna get to watch it with you guys
together but I do want to say some stuff
before we watch it together because
there's like a lot going through my mind
so yes the film is complete this was an
amazing journey seriously it's one of
the best experiences that I've ever had
in my life I feel honored to be a part
of it and find the Americans to take
them to Egypt so while we were filming
this movie I don't know what it's called
movie documentary film it's Varitek we
went to so many places we went to places
in America that I've never even heard of
you guys must have seen in the vlogs in
2017 there was a place called Vidalia
it's in Georgia it's literally like an
onion farm when me and Nas were in
Vidalia Georgia me nos were low-key
scared like we were feeling kind of
uncomfortable because we were like the
ones that stood out there we're going to
a place where there is literally no
Muslims at all so me and oz what kind of
worried in a way like oh my god what if
they react in a negative way they see us
and be like what the heck we doing here
especially nas nas was really worried
since he's from the UK and it was like
his first time coming to a place in
America where like there isn't any
Muslims because in the UK there's like
Muslims everywhere but there are some
places in America where there's
literally no Muslims at all we even went
to a trump rally like I never knew in a
million years I'd be going to a trump
rally to see Trump it was an experience
that I will never ever forget and then
to see all those people actually go to
Egypt and witness what they experienced
it was just amazing oh man I also want
to say thank you so much to everybody
who's been so patient who's been with me
on his journey who's seen the vlogs way
before when I was filming this whole
movie thank you guys thank you so so
much
but guys in this film it's their story
the film is not about me it's about that
Americans and I'm really really proud to
be a part of it and I'm so so happy to
have been a part of it with my friend
thought up huge shot at za'tari and a
huge shout out to kindness films thank
you guys so much for making me be a part
of it it has been a pleasure but yes
this movie is not about me even though
there is a little prank at the end that
you might want to wait for also another
thing that I want to say to you guys is
that
this isn't just a film it's actually a
campaign and that is also what I'm
really excited about it's called the
pledge to listen right here you see it
pledge to listen and we all can be a
part of it and to anyone who doesn't
know what pledge to listen means it just
means that we're all gonna try to listen
to each other with respect the trip
showed us the power of listening with
respect so I Adam Saleh pledged to
listen to you will you listen to me all
right guys so I'm on the official
website of this film is called free trip
to Egypt calm and I feel oh my god I'm
literally on this is crazy I'm on the
main yo look at this this is insane oh
my god I get small and then big hey
small and then this is sick young as you
can see it says watch the trailer and
also says discover pledge to listen so
first we're gonna listen to my homie my
brother from another mother
Tariq explaining what pledge to listen
is because I want you guys to take the
pledge with me so do me hangin to
everyone else was watching I want you
all to pledge to listen you guys can
tweet me saying why you pledge to listen
you guys can make a video saying why you
pledge to listen because to be honest
Tariq is right what we learned about
this film was the power of listening
with respect you have to listen to
people if you saw are you in and talking
over people you ain't going nowhere
okay do me yeah now it's time to watch
the trailer together let's do it baby
I'm so so excited to be watching it with
you guys you guys have been so patient
but the trailer is finally out now and
we all need to be a bit more patient
because the movie comes out in theaters
early 2019 so stay tuned alright guys
here it is free trip to Egypt trailer Oh
kindness films let's go hey what would
you do if someone offered you a free
trip to Egypt I love house and unit
square I think we got seeing the
Americans talk right now like in this
trailer I didn't know that they even
said that like this is my first time
seeing it because every time you see
people speaking sometimes would be like
them alone so no one would hear them at
all other than like the camera people
and probably Tariq so seeing that as I
like he actually thought it would be
beheaded if he goes to Egypt or held
hostage or something like that it's
pretty insane she just said after 9/11
she became racist and she can't stand
herself hey do me gang that is just half
the trailer if you guys want to watch
the full trailer makes you guys click
the link in the description below you
guys will be able to watch the full
trailer once you guys are done tweet me
leave a comment below show all your love
and support because this film is about
to change the world that is just the
trailer which is just like a little
teaser for you guys you know I'm saying
and I brought you guys I'm just join you
with me every single day with daily
vlogs and now beginning of 2019 you guys
will be able to watch the full film and
see every little detail like it was just
just wow I didn't want to say anything
anymore I'd rather let the film come out
and you guys watch it and it will
explain for itself so stay tuned see you
guys real soon I love you all so much
till tomorrow do me a do not forget to
leave a thumbs up on this video and
leave a thumbs up on the trailer video
go turkey go Erin tengo lima that's all
I got to say I'll see you guys tomorrow
love you do man like like see it's my
free trip to Egypt coming soon here at
theater near you I don't sound coming
soon here coming soon near theater near
you
