this is what I always do whenever I get
brand-new sneakers sorry you have to see
this but gonna kiss it and I'm gonna
lick it
hey guys what's up it do me dang I hope
y'all having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
a super positive day today I am so so
exhausted from last night's crazy Arab
wedding party I don't know Hannah
whatever it was my room is a total mess
I do not even want to show you guys my
room I'm heading to Hamas's house
because I have a package over there to
open I don't know if I'm gonna open it
in this vlog or if I'm gonna open it in
tomorrow's vlog so I'm gonna take you
guys with me
remember when I said we were going house
shopping me my whole family we're gonna
be looking like new houses and stuff
here in the New York City area stuff
like that so the thing is this is what
it is all right I want to stay in New
York I do not want to leave New York I
do not want to leave the five boroughs
but my mom was like no the houses here
are so so like they're so expensive and
they're like small but she said if you
go out of state like what Florida like
California or Michigan I don't know and
they're like there's just so cheap but
the houses are so huge like mansions and
some of you guys are expecting me to get
like a mansion in New York City I
mentioned inner city is like a billion
dollars but regular houses here in new
york are like millions millions millions
of dollars and i'm gonna show you guys
an example okay so this is a house in
new york city says ten almost eleven
million dollars as five bedrooms and
five bathrooms this is a house in
Dearborn Michigan with the same amount
rooms five bedrooms but just only two
bathrooms
we're good with two bathrooms aren't we
did we all can freaking use the bathroom
together but it costs two hundred and
nineteen thousand the New York one cost
10 million Florida it's nine bedrooms
nine four three hundred forty nine
thousand seven for this much amount and
then when you go to go to California
California has six bedrooms
and for six hundred and nineteen
thousand so my mom was telling me Adam
you're the boss
you need to make the decision and do
what you want when you want to do you
want to get an average house here in New
York like an average house like bigger
than we have right now but not like a
mansion type or do you want to get like
a mansion type house somewhere out of
the state and to be honest I want to
just go in a place where I can give the
best content give the best vlog give the
best videos do the craziest funnest
things and also have that when I have a
family that I want to have like nice
like space a nice room a nice floor for
like you know like you know I'm saying
my own future life you know how does it
but like I don't know what to do so I'm
asking you guys what do you think I
should or should I stay in New York City
and just get an average normal house or
should I leave New York City and get a
huge house for me I don't mind I don't
care about a huge house or nothing I
don't mind being in the house leave an
apartment go into a house so I do not
know what to choose let me know in the
comments below and we'll see it's a
reasonable house in New York or a huge
house out of New York you tell me in the
comments below thank you thank you thank
you so I just got here to Hamza and hide
his house and the crazy thing is Hamza
is not here he's at his cousin's house
so he left me all the Lord with Jenna
had why do you want that to leave me
yeah Hamza is that true yeah how are you
not like my purpose because he wants it
are you just are you just saying that so
I can love you more beyond it be honest
he went there because his cousin was a
better cry because it does not look no
wedding so I'm just left over but I got
the package here and package is I don't
know it's not that big it's not that
small but it's something I don't know if
I should open it
it says adidas on it don't know why but
let's see what it is I don't know what
it is but if you chat out to the homie
Moby for sending this much much love I'm
gonna open it up and I'm gonna see
what it is I don't know I'm joking and
our wait what is this a heavy said yeah
it's heavy it believable let's go go out
and eat and take a walk and we'll think
about it and we'll come back and see if
we're gonna open or not
let's go pride shoes it's kind of chilly
today I don't want his chili and it's
almost made hey I hate it when it's a
rainy day I was like yo get out the way
and I'm just hurt well yeah let me look
at it first these are nice I'm not even
gonna show you guys I you know what I
like why you what Japan
this is leave we don't know how to hurt
run away you guys won't eat pizza I'm
hungry I'm sorry like mom
thank you so much would it be the black
see what I'm super high guys do it shut
up shut up don't be shy
ha
we are going to go get something to eat
the only one I heard that I'm at the
home was her name
write down corn now I'm at the homie gar
now he never liked ride a hoverboard so
I'm gonna let him try for the first time
he thinks it's easy but it's not it's
really really hard to put ready he's
ready to do this
he's ready to kick gonna go and I are
you gonna pack turn one leg up here go
to the edge right away
Oh
me
we kill yourself one name not uh get
yourself God if you let me read up on
influence and I see what these are I'm a
question I'm a crazy profession look I
can show some trigger
I will see him do it what zero him yeah
see how are we I don't wanna make you
feel bad because he's seven they are
they have to go alright guys so I just
posted a snapchat saying I'm gonna do a
back flip for them Jamar said he's gonna
go first
I'll teach you
no I'm joking baba do a back flip pour
my snapchat homies so
Oh
ah I was about to do another one with
that luckily I thought like I thought
before I done anything and I didn't do
it cuz the garbage is right there also
anything like a couple and robust just
just doing a little snapchat you guys
solve it
I'm gonna give you a dare are you gonna
do it you get you punked out last time
rema did it well if you want me to give
you there I will give you that but you
do it we do it every single person out
there it's gonna give you a thumbs up on
this video and they're gonna leave a
beautiful comment for you so this there
is I dared a goal to top of that table
right there go on top of it let's start
belly dancing you have 60 seconds to do
it and I'll be hiding here that's pretty
hard for a 700 so I give him props we
does it
I see my video on everything I do it's a
shelter on why wasn't it I told you and
so nutshell told me Antonio here came
come on our show and I like your bike
well the day I just got it okay it'll be
fun how are you doing good
say I love ya say love mm-hmm
no no no peekaboo you always do that say
love this little forever play peek-a-boo
okay uh Wow
I always got land practice because the
day he says I love you will be the most
Memorial Day you have a memorable day
ever I don't know I can say immemorial
but we're horrible oh you sound so
illiterate but memorable day he make us
so okay so since Rima and everyone wants
me to open that box and the peel box I
am gonna open it for you guys and we're
gonna see what's in there you're trying
to open it before without me looking
packages are so hard so ver ok so
there's a shirt good times for bad
people another shirt here this is all
day all night another one fat kid mafia
no way Rima no hey do you know what this
is what it's not just ordinary shoes
Rima no way these are these are Yeezys
oh my gosh no freakin way
these that why would you smell it when
you make sure this is not a prank
I'm gonna make sure if it's written this
is legit legit real that's crazy well
these are gonna be added to my sneaker
collection I'm gonna try them on because
people always say it's always
comfortable and I want to see if it's
like really is comfortable once she was
on no the other shoe Wow they feel
really really comfortable I don't know
why people go crazy for them they feel
so good now I got something to wear for
the Rotterdam and Amsterdam event I am
having an event and Rotterdam and
Amsterdam I believe May 1st and May 2nd
May 3rd I don't even know what they have
you promoted it and it's already sold
out it's already sold out literally like
this is crazy but you know what I'm
still do I'm gonna still tell you guys
the address and the information down
below even if it sold out come through
show a lot of love show a lot of support
and I will still try my best to meet
every single one of you guys this is
what I always do whenever I get brand
new sneakers sorry you have to see this
but you're gonna kiss it and I'm gonna
lick it
I mean it's brand away yeah I didn't
really I just kissed the ending the vlog
here so I'll see you guys tomorrow do me
angry man do me peace Dickie I do me
yeah yeah if you did make sure you give
it a thumbs up and go and got Turkey
that's good much better I'll see you
guys tomorrow we go take care peace you
always a fan
first let me write them away this would
choose
