hey guys what's up ado me gang I hope
you are having an amazing day because
we're having an amazing day so if we're
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day you look sad
you say why cuz I'm going out be happy
what's wrong with you
I can't hear you
don't go out there you don't want me to
go to wedding I have to go to weddings
do me yank
today is a really big day as you guys
know I hate going to wedding but today
I'm going to adult wedding we have some
special guests today that I haven't seen
for so long and that you haven't seen
for a while and dumaguete you guys
haven't seen this Adams family member
for so long he is right here standing in
front of me the one the only you're in
first grade now do you just look forward
to being older you want to get all their
life it's not one say if I missed you so
much guys I'm getting ready right now
why I really miss you already
I can't wear a suit yeah I'm going to a
wedding I'm gonna get married a long co
life I'm gonna go see my wife yeah from
what all I could handle this my way
what do you want that I do this I know
she was just in the music video just a
girl in music video deep junkie oh it's
baby just God that doesn't mean I'm
married Sarah doesn't mean
what the heck now what you sick leave
see what are you saying
guys look who we also have here the one
the only Ramos I look like twins with
the glasses now yeah telling me that she
lied and the eye tests to get glasses
yeah two little girls should have told
us that ok she's kidding
ok hi guys I'm heading out right now
kids what how many times do I have to
tell you I'm going to wedding I'm going
to see my wife from Australia from the
all you can handle music video look at
drool boy like look how much he drools
I'm ready to go my hair's a mess I hate
wearing suits this thing is just oh man
what I'm getting made
I already told you I'm getting married
to to Y plane right now
when you come back I'm gonna come back
today with my - I like ass tonight yeah
what time why you excited seer what
you're not excited tonight llegaron 1011
I'm joking she's serious she's about the
wait outside like a specific time why a
school they specially ballet solely
twinsies you guys don't like being twins
or what guys look who we have here my
dad what's above I'm going to get
married
yeah I'm gonna go find two wives and I'm
on your merit yeah you never see my wife
yeah I got two I'm gonna bring both of
them I would come here tonight ready
what about three not even two one I want
one I'm joking
oh yeah go to our friends sister's
wedding I'm heading out right now
what outfit
we go
turn in it shits where the Gotti shit
but this show think Munhall opening my
heart will not be inside
family now your cousin huh look at his
face he's like how do you feel dear why
do you sweat you stickin
is that a good scared our basket good
scare them with a huge congratulations
and Hyneman riot
away
hola
this mysteriously goes oh my god that's
so cute
this is God this is so cute
so touches
now I just want to say this venue like
wedding beacon beautiful man look at the
lights everything just looks gorgeous
man look at this to Sullivan ah watch
the results how many you found a future
wife remember when I said I was gonna
get married for some years it might be
like a hug yeah yeah laughs all right
this is crazy look at this heyyo huge
shout out to eat something for inviting
us you're thank you so much jeezum once
again congrats his sister and its
brother-in-law and hand and ride Oh yo
happy healthy marriage you guys are
seriously amazing I've known them before
Banali you know the letter that's
seriously amazing cool people Istanbul
thank you feel like you know make me
rock too soon and thank you for finding
our features count our chickens before
they hatch do me gang I am back home I
had a really long day because I got back
from Chicago went to a wedding it was so
dope huge shout-out to everyone I met
there huge shout out to ride and it had
once again who shout out to Esau him his
whole family for inviting me and the
boys over I love you guys so much guys
every day I've always on Instagram
lurking looking around your fan accounts
looking around for dope accounts but
sometimes you run into like complete
butt heads on Instagram
so today the butt head of the day goes
to a lady named looms 93 yo so this is
what she posted so she posted a picture
of herself inside of messages and she
said quotation mark miss you need to
cover your head no thanks
I do what I want first of all like yo
who is this girl second of all you have
a freaking scarf around your neck and
you're inside and messages uninvited no
one asks you to come and if you do at
least have some respect regardless of
your religion always have respect for
other religions no matter if you're
going to a church a temple anywhere it's
just so lame and so petty of looms you
know then just don't go to a message
that you would abut
today coming from Adam Saleh seriously I
always lurk on Instagram and I see butt
heads like these like I'm not even
shocked imma start giving away butt-head
award looms you're the first one and you
definitely not part of 93 because we
don't claim you Osborn x2 93 and I don't
claim you girl respect the message girl
look ooh anyways know me I am ending
this vlog here I just want to say thank
you guys so much for your love and
support for you guys enjoyed the vlog
make sure you guys give it a giant
thumbs up and go Turkey do not forget to
subscribe because I upload every single
day I'll see you guys tomorrow do me a
take care and peace
