first of all I just want to say Chicago
you guys are amazing huge shout out to
my rotted eyes here in Chicago literally
I see all your tweets on your DMS tell
me Adam are you're doing a
meet-and-greet or doing a show here in
Chicago I'm literally here for like 31
hours but there's a lot of you a lot of
you guys in Chicago even when I was
outside I met so many of you guys thank
you guys so much for you love and
support I need to start doing more like
I guess meeting greets in America you
know I'm gonna do that one day in
Chicago or my hometown New York City
with the kids or my family I think we
pretty dope so yeah thank you guys so
much I promise you guys next time I'll
do something like that second of all
what's poppin to do me yang I hope y'all
having an amazing day because I'm having
an amazing day so I'm having an amazing
day you all should be having an amazing
happy day do me Aang I am NOT I repeat I
am not having an amazing day so let me
tell you guys I'm not even joking well
up my freakin head got electrocuted and
the whole hotel was about to be set on
fire as you guys can see I'm not in the
same hotel I just got off the phone with
slim I told him the whole story and he's
like buggin out so I'm gonna give you
guys a little summary because literally
my whole life flashed was so so scared
but yes to do me I was at the other
hotel I asked him for an iron cuz I
wanted to iron my clothes no cuz I'm
Iron Man so they brought up an iron to
me I plugged it in like I put in a plug
and I try to iron my clothes and it
wasn't working but try to put in another
plug and it still wasn't working and
then I ended up going to another plug
and the other side of the room guys will
la swear to god I put the plug inside I
didn't know her from the tip of the plug
where I was putting it into my head
electrocuted the crap out of me for like
a good 3 seconds and then fires started
coming out and having that I didn't
really get hurt I just got a little baby
burn but the only thing is like it
shocked me in a kind of light was kind
of really scary like I was shocked for
like a good three seconds and I had to
take the iron from this hand they try to
take out the plug but I'm they let it
one off and it stopped like I was so
scared
and doomy gang look at this man like
it's completely gone
I had to snap it off and if you come
here you see it right there this is
where it all happened literally it could
have trapped me up and I could have
never been out because look I came in I
would have to jump out the window
I'm so scared to even put my freaking
laptop charger inside a plug right there
like you can't really see it but like a
little baby bear to think that hurt the
most when it electrocuted because I had
no control and yeah anyway so do me and
other than that I'm gonna be having an
amazing day because I'm about to do a
reacting to fan edits
video one of the main reasons why I love
you guys because you guys always have
some dope edits dope video the whole
family always shows me like it even
affects my family like even my
my own sisters like oh my god they said
it's so cute it's so cute oh my god do
me gangs don't kill Cersei that's how my
sister sounds do me gay they're so cute
I love you so much but yet fruit thank
you guys for all the edits that you guys
do all the fan fictions you guys all the
creative stuff you guys so creative and
talented I'm sorry man I'm sorry if I
miss one or mr. there's so many like
i'ma try my best to make a series out of
this I guess once a month reacting to
fan at it so this is part one should I
go on Twitter or Instagram first I wanna
stream hi guys I'm recording my screen
you guys can pretty much see everything
right now look there's so many of you
guys like we're not typing just my name
if I'm looking up my name like how wow
my cello this is you guys do me hang
rocks do me solid dope Adam ratcheted do
me smile out of violet do me then it's
me
then this meter how do I become like
last minute dope
I'm the real Adam solid but seriously
your supports like Seattle this just
makes me feel so grateful so thank you
guys wow this is all over Instagram
daddy
Adam Sawa Nick Adams curls Adams world
let's choose one hmm
alright so I chose that a do me gang I
saw this when we got a thousand 299
followers through grateful to actually
be her 1300 follower I'm heard 1303 or
hate because it can also be happy a
let's go let's go to one video let's see
this watch
moon let's watch this one it's too short
to play
that pretty much explains me to all the
haters my haters awesome because I
wouldn't be where I am if it wasn't also
for my haters so I still am but that's
exactly how I feel do be gay that was
amazing because I don't really care
yo sometimes always wondering how do you
guys come up with your fan account name
this one is called Adams Sula it's a
pretty good fan accommodated because
it's like literally my name it just has
it you are let's go to one of one of the
videos let's see hmm
let's see this one season one will
remember it was so different like I was
so younger I was like I was like
nineteen twenty now like 22 years old up
season two Moxon's I was like 23 24 wow
this time flies mosquitoes girl oh my
god season three Holly up-and-coming
oh my god this is so touching
oh whoa
this is crazy man now we're at season
three
while I'm 25 years old I feel like Rima
season 1 I was like 19 to like 21 22
months it was like 22 23 to like 24 and
now it's Ali and I told you got season 4
might be my child like I want a baby I
want a kid I want to see a mini Adam but
so we gotta be patient we got a patient
may also need to get my license first
like I can't get married without getting
my license I think maybe that's the
reason why I haven't gotten my license
because I'm always thinking if I get my
license then that's like another step
ahead in life and you need to probably
get married now I don't know what I'm
scared has I've told you guys though I
don't know I don't know all right this
is coughs cold Adam silent xoxo stalking
the account let's go in a little bit
what this is the body will say rider
died do me hear a shout-out to you
Charlotte
I love you hey little fellow that I
needed involved with this girl I have it
I'll knock you back next time I'll even
let you start the school but I'm coming
to your crib real soon I promise you I'm
getting you back I don't forget things
hanging that kind of follows I'm just
joking now let me head
hello I like looking at unique things
like something different like like this
100 okay let's go back and go bye
so this is like snaps of me and other
people snaps and I like it because like
it's not my snap so I see it from their
perspective of me so let's see
I don't think anyone else seen this
before but I have a shirt that pretty
much has a bikini don't judge me I was
using it for their this account was
called Adams ex solid wood accent I
believe her name is Fatima this looks
like it's about to make me cry I don't
know oh my god little you're so say some
of your habits to do me getting get me
so emotional a soul pump you guys always
have a theme to it and I feel like this
is gonna like make me I'm gonna try not
to cry and try not to cry alright let's
watch it this much oh my god
he does such a party yeah
oh my oh my god what Cossacks tickets
you guys see my text hope your leg feels
better with cuffs but that's latter
moment oh my god no that was that was so
sweet this account is called Filipino
and do me he's my everything and do me
from Philippines yo I need to go to
Philippine yo let me know in the
comments below where you guys from and
where you guys want me to head to next
I'm going to Malaysia Indonesia and
Singapore real soon end of October so
stay tuned
but let me know in the comments below
where do you guys want me to visit
there's so many places that I haven't
been there and I want to go if I just
don't know which one is a good place yes
so let me know in comments below do me
in or an Instagram on Twitter I'll keep
that in my notes but Filipino and do me
I'm gonna follow you just like your
support that you show I'm looking
through your page well I'll see I love
this I love how they have even like Ali
edits Rima at its most and edits that's
so dope seriously I find that's so cute
because my family even they see this
like you guys have an effect on my
family they even got pictures of happens
that when he was younger this is another
page called Adam Sol a tumblr and they
have imagines on their account imagine
was it your new boyfriend question mark
by so it says Adam and slim whoa these
are long combos do you think she'll be
surprised she'll be ecstatic slim will
definitely not use ecstatic that's too
much of a big word friend do you think
she's home well there's only one way to
find out
slim points to your house where Adam and
Eve sulphur atom looks at the house and
back towards slim looking slightly
nervous wait wait wait I'm not gonna
consider you close my phone and I'm
gonna say do me getting that was up you
guys want me and slim to reenact a few
of those fan it's time to do that I've
never really done that my whole youtube
like literally ever since I'm sorry I've
never like reenacted fanfiction but I
think it'll be really dope fan fictions
of you guys that you guys came up with
you guys are so creative and I want to
keep reading it I rather than do it for
real and make it a dope video so thumbs
up if you guys want that in part 2 thank
you guys so much for loving support if
you guys enjoyed this video make sure
you guys give it a thumbs up and go
turkey do be a part 2 coming October
22nd thumbs up and stay tuned I will be
reacting to a lot more fan accounts
until next time Chicago
why
