Rema bees extra-extra mad at me he's
pretty much like we're breaking up
hey guys what stop to do me gang I hope
you all have an amazing it because I'm
having an amazing powerful day so if I'm
having an amazing powerful day you guys
should be having an amazing powerful day
it is about what in afternoon right now
I had to put up the blood but this is
what I always do every morning early
afternoon when I go to the gym I box I
do a lot of training I barely like so I
want to focus on like training and like
boxing working out but I had an idea I
don't know should I like I don't know
shot put in like bits of me like working
out is that okay what you guys should I
even start a new channel and like making
it long videos to show you guys like
since I can't let's just it's like they
took my boxing license away and I can't
fight in the street or I can't when I'm
I can't fight outside should I just like
teach you and show you guys like some
tips and like so crazy boxing videos are
like working out and to say it's not
gonna be boring working out videos they
just showing myself like yeah just
interesting crazy boxing videos because
I love doing it and this take a whole
different world for me so you guys let
me know
but anyways I'll give you guys a little
preview how about this I'll show you
guys how to make your hands faster I'm
gonna show you guys a little tip secret
I won't tell nobody a little bit in my
series you know I'm sure you guys how to
make your hands even faster get some
weights about 510 misses there's this 5
pounds get some weights and then do
little shadow boxing with the first just
you know it's like
do about two three sets with this for
three minutes as hard as you can you got
to go hard if you don't go hard go home
so make sure you go hard after you
shadow box in the air with this you use
it on a punching bag use it on punch
back with weights I know people don't do
this but I do that trust me this is what
I do and my hands get quick and Swift
with this after that round on the
punching bag you drop them you don't use
waste this time use gloves but they
don't have Bisons right now because the
doors like stuff like that so I'm using
my bare hands basically when you use the
weights especially on the bag you feel
like you have type of like four hands on
top of you so when you let go over a box
on your own
it feels like you have zero hands so
you're just going like the speed of
light I'm going to use the punch bag I'm
gonna show you guys how fast I got and
this is no like fast-forward or nothing
you're gonna hear me go so this is give
me no fat and the reason why I go is to
let my arrow I don't just go for no
reason
that is pretty much how you get your
speed up a little quicker
you left me yesterday to go hang out
with Jay man and you didn't want to hang
out with me only do you know what to
hang out B so I'm going to show you
right now what means Deena dis okay let
me pause it Liam posted your man where
you coming from
I didn't know you're here my house all
right let me tell you something this one
I did with Deena since you guys wanted
to leave me and stuff like that look we
had fun
yeah baby toy I got a car I got a crown
because she's a princess and yeah that's
pretty much what I got
okay Reba don't do that face they're
gonna make me use out of it trust me
don't do that lace Beulah they're
getting it forever snapshot at this view
I'm that too bad I'm dead Wow guess
who's here whoa look who came branagh
perfect
Tina VT beam on weapon yeah give it
why would you sit why would you sit no
ever
Rema be extra extra mad at me is pretty
much like we're gonna get back together
Reba I got you I'm yours if you'll help
me got it all
Rema me you stop being jealous get up
come give milk I'm gonna give you a
crumb give me a hug
we're gonna go out meeting today okay
why are you mad tell me why but I always
give you cars too and I always give you
stuff yeah you have to be all right with
me give it the UNICEF - Dina never gets
toys she never gets toys
some days I'm gonna give you toys some
days I may give her toys right look I
told yesterday
stop doing that face because they're
gonna keep snapshotting it and using it
as memes Reema
do you want to be live life as a meme
huh do you want to live life as a mean
Dina I want you both to give each other
a hug let's go ya know give each other
hug let's go
you guys got five seconds four whoa
who's feisty now okay I'm just saying to
add Umi gang today I'm gonna be doing
the impossible I'm gonna be taking out
Mawson Rima Dina and Jay man I'm taking
out for kids for my youngest nieces and
nephews and I never ever do this I never
ever do this because for imagine going
out with three bunch of has already
crazy going out Dina and Martin just
took two of them is crazy but I'm gonna
go out for them I'm gonna attempt to do
it hopefully turns out great
I'm never allowed to do it by
babysitting them so we're gonna go out
we're gonna go turn up and just chill
for a bit
I feel bad Moss and he wants to go out
so bad but it's gonna be really hard
eh we push it what you push it who you
pushing bro we're all gonna go out and I
have the black cameras look look before
you go out I need you all to promise to
me that you guys gonna be yeah you
promise me
see I promise I'll be here why you seem
like that
Dina see I promise I'll behave well what
kind of hey he's the baddest boy I swear
he's the craziest boy Muhsin look you
gotta behave we're going out the crazy
thing is I could have walked to the park
but I couldn't because they're so crazy
I had to take him over there
it's little like a three minute drive so
bye-bye
let's go be okay thank you
thank you so much let's go oh I'm sorry
sorry let's go go go oh my god these
kids are crazy
oh man I hope if you guys want to take
over jackets take it off and put it here
like this
this is that spot okay yes good you guys
are good
everyone's alright good oh my god this
kid is created Mustang look so that Oh
chill out what's wrong with you you need
to chew it's good he'll go anywhere I
can't believe I'm doing this I got four
kids outside usually you have to have
like four or five parents especially
with these kids they're crazy I can't
believe I'm doing it I'm doing okay you
guys got to tell me you guys ready yes
yeah be careful whoa whoa I made you mad
as the next messy right there look at
this Deena Deena nothing oh come on is
there Deena's here the hardest thing
about this is looking like you have to
know where Japan is you have to know
where demons you have to know worried -
after my mustn is it's like good
eyesight oh my god this is crazy
give me give me give me give me deeper
Imam a dega Jeff Moss again
Moses Allah give me give me a hand you
got this baby ball let's go this is here
to help ya give me an baby boy what I
love what spark it's like a pyramid I've
liked it before like public last year
but it's like a pyramid you have
pyramids here and you can go in a slider
you go in the pyramid it go in the slide
who can jump over this machine or not
master numbers mustn't daredevil he
would do it I know mustn't do I remove
the Remo go first good job boss there we
go gonna go let's TV smarter let's go go
there's ago I give me on here one two
three whoa
then I go one two three Wow
let's go I'm gonna take one sign on a
roller coaster
ready oh this thing to do fit most
annoying it's too short for this you got
this
Oh
have to trace blood
we can take it to the
I'll have the two workouts today I have
no clue where Jamal is he's pretty much
lost right now I don't know Japan it's
right there please like let's do please
peekaboo favor higher you sure
I'll go extra I'll go extra hi Toby I
you told me honey you want to go hi
Mohsen is it their double he's a dude
than what he's a dead dog watches what
you sure yes I have to push each and
every single one of them equally man
it's crazy having four kids I got four
kids to be honest out of mind like when
I grow old I want to have 13 kids six
boys seven girls two twins and one
triplet so hopefully all works out
so move them along come down good job
hi Sookie thank you
okay mas I'm kicking the ball mustn't
throw me the ball huh
so world cup oh wow that's sick me see
whoa this is a FIFA World Cup ball
that's amazing say Thank You Muhsin oh
thank you man he says thank you like
watches thank you Oh
hold onto me Ready Steady get set
cheeseburger it's like Ready Set hot
dogs
Ready Set okay ready oh my butt hurts
it's not funny this is inside the
pyramid let's go sir whoa what's that is
so lucky he could just walk through here
like it's normal I have to bend my head
it's the only time I feel tall monster
screaming harima I'm screaming at his
sister even he's gonna go beat her up oh
wow centers that little boy who tries to
put the big kids oh yeah it was little
punk boy Moe's gonna stick to the slide
well stick to the slide boy Oh be
careful Dean go for Boston don't play
with the big kids
Reema you can't be gonna fall from there
there's literally so much stuff going on
I can't take this
man babysitting these kids are just
crazy you know what you guys take care
so take yourself
what do you guys I'm giving away for
kids for free you don't have to even
thumbs up yeah hey you don't have to
comment we got what no we did everyone's
hungry here we have a pie pizza we have
the cheesy bread we got brownie here and
the sauces are all in there so we're
ready to do it you guys already everyone
is here eating pizza
you guys are join your pizza yes who's
the best uncle yeah what's his name
who's your uncle what's up with do me
gang so a lot of you guys have been
asking about
Remes surgery that she's gonna have
inner ear nose and tonsils they
rescheduled it they postponed her
appointment I do not know why but it's
gonna be probably from a week or two
weeks from now but thank you guys so
much for your prayers and I'll keep you
guys all updated which it does Garrett
surgery and I'm so scared for it cuz
she's only four she literally doesn't
know what's going on but chela
everything will go will go great stay
positive and stay strong and everything
will go cool but thank you guys so much
for literally like caring so much it
truly means the world thank you guys so
so much and look my beard is growing my
beard is growing look alright guys it's
time to wrap up this vlog I hope you all
enjoy this life who did you made it to
end this vlog make sure you give it a
thumbs up and go turkey a goomy egg
thank you guys for all your crazy amount
of support every single day you guys
have been given literally 2030 km I said
this last number you guys are thinking
with 2030 thousand thumbs up on the
vlogs like this lately so it's been just
overwhelming and it's like a blessing
thank you guys so much knowing that like
about 200 to 300 thousand of you watch
my vlogs
today is like it motivates me to this
one to like work even harder maybe you
guys smile even more like praying every
day's even more so thank you guys so
much for tuning in every single day and
like being on this journey with me every
single day and being a part of my life
so thank you guys so so much for that
tomorrow I'm going house shopping and
it's gonna be something big because
we're looking for a house that we're
gonna be out of this whole house is
gonna be the location the setting of the
Adam song vlog so hopefully it go goes I
don't know well the great we'll keep you
guys updated with that tomorrow
stay tuned take care of the MEAC and
pitch always anyway this would choose
