the truth
hey guys what's up Adobe gang I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing I'm allergic to them so I am
heading to 34th Street I literally just
got off the / my accident I put over
pull which means someone goes on like
the ride with you and it was so awkward
like this person was next to me from
Austin Texas and it was just like really
really awkward they literally put you in
a car with a stranger and you're in
there just like okay this so weird share
what's up in the middle of the street
right now but I'm doing a periscope so
say hello what's up
it's little slow hi cars in the middle
hello how you doing hi what's up well
you probably have nothing I'm visiting
here very nice interview but the
Lebanese I can't do a periscope right
now as someone keeps calling me so it's
roughly my periscope and I'm trying to
put on Do Not Disturb
I don't know it's not working I'm a home
connection and everything is done you
guys crashed my periscope try to do
another one in a few so let's see I'll
go so I got done with another periscope
we decided we're gonna go eat Lebanese
food because the ruger it's a Moroccan
food spot that is so far away it's
probably like a good 30 40 minutes so
we're gonna go to 11
she's also awkward you know it is here
now it's the different Lebanese
please use a second door and left place
it's beautiful
make it over Lebanese the boule the
boule
yeah whoa try this you love that I
promise it Sally
I know but but try it sees different
example its regular salad try a whole
pie like this the oldest go get this
right hand right hand I got this dress
is that what it's like grass
it's good yeah semi so you guys we just
murdered this hummus fancy walk we got
it here mixed grill Lebanese what a
beautiful view of NYC fire safer than
that
whoo it just got done eating Lebanese
food and it was so good but the thing is
they give us a small proportion the food
in there it was like $150 for that small
little mixed bill and homeless and
tabouleh which is crazy this is so sick
they having a Starbucks you charge your
phone is charging right now we move it
out it's not charging you put it back in
and it's charges that's so sick what is
up I am in Hamza's house right now Jame
it was good what's up and I'm here I'm
having a huge huge argument with Hamza
because he's not a kid he's half he's
shirtless and I had to argue with him
because I told him I gave him the boxing
gloves for a reason to work out I gave
him the box he loves to work out and
he's not listening to me he didn't
listen the past month he did he didn't
put it to use for today I'm gonna show
him shirtless so you guys can motivate
him you guys can write comments to
motivate him so he can read these
comments to motivate so let's see how it
goes come on how does it go they're
gonna motivate you trust me don't be
scared a doobie gang is gonna do it a
doobie gang is the one that's gonna
trust me this is hamza before this is
the times i probably like maybe a couple
months ago this and you guys are about
two hands right now which is not good
these little kids i got put into work
out i got to put them to to business you
don't say how does it come on be proud
of what you have be proud
he probably would have beam in Sona beam
in come closer here 11 yeah man knowing
I'm in you go you still not fight you
just needed what you don't want you to
something yeah
do you soon yeah but I can't go to mom
bear you up pinch your nipples come
let's go good what
once you want to faster than that what -
what's up imagine for me would punch
like a punch
look yeah go back and forth back and
forth
come on motivation motivate him I want
you guys to motivate line up your hands
at home keep on bus
what do you eat it huh
what yeah what I have a bird yeah
how big was a burger you seriously need
to go vegan how much that needs to go he
needs to do with DG causes over 22 named
vegan nutrition stuff you gonna do it
huh Robert oh look you got you had a
month or two months if I don't if I see
you like that then you need to be
motivated right here you get a shape be
healthy all about health to be healthy
so I got a package today and I do not
know what it is I don't know I'm
thinking it might be something that I am
thinking I'm so so excited I don't know
what it is yet I'm gonna open it up and
I'm gonna see what it is I'm gonna take
it my house for us because it came to my
sister's house no no why
cancel my sis house and I'm gonna open
it later on today in this vlog and I'm
so so excited hopefully
I'm lying open Amma wait Tom I said open
it out time's up
I don't know uppercut you say but stop I
just oh come on what's up this is how
big it is it looks too big to be
something that I'm thinking what it is
I'm thinking it's a million dollar
plaque but I don't know if it is because
this looks huge if it is I'll be crazy
and it says fragile I don't know what is
it
and it is here have you
thank you so much fragile actress
loading the floor hello it's all the
input hey thank you so much right now
Paul okay yep
I didn't buy nothing I didn't buy it's
nothing someone YouTube gave me this
YouTube gave me it's not a toy anyone
gonna play ready huh
no YouTube gave it to me yeah how much
good job follow it first keep pushing
okay
holy crap I don't know what's in there
it's not a YouTube game my mouse is that
mostly stopped its Pratt this thing is
fragile fragile so I don't know if
YouTube gave me this because I also
ordered something else for the new
videos I'm doing the main channel so I
don't know if it's what YouTube gaming
or that one
I really hope it's the one that you gave
me because I don't wanna I want to
surprise keep the video surprise what
what are you doing huh are you kicking
me what's wrong I'm at a kick kid do
some that a kick yeah will you kick in
both this thing was a workout was a
workout game I'm about to open this up
so hopefully there's a great I really
hope it's what I think it is
so actually four of these in here the
moment of truth guys ah oh my god this
is sick that way it's in here that's
this thing is seriously so guys ready
villa there is villa
set
okay
oh my god this is sick this is so sick
boss how are you good Muhsin who is that
oh this is so sick
we will help you if you cannot miss it
this is so sick
this is the most like amazing most like
honourable think of every guy in my life
Wow
they had my picture here how do you see
it see the picture it says
congratulations for surpassing 1 million
subscribers this thing is so heavy this
is so dope most of things he's gonna
sleep in it this is so dope oh my gosh
this is so we go goodbye use my real say
we did it do you guys like it so dope
this soda is literally bigger than most
check out the what there's no cost in
there there's no chuckling there right
because I don't know there's no
chocolate why are you guys sniffing it
smells good yeah this is absolutely
crazy like I do not feel like I never
felt like accomplished I mean I did feel
accomplished when I reached 1 million
subscribers and like when you get this
surgery I feel so accomplished and
achieved and it feels so good it feels
like I want like an award like in some
old shows so I just want to say a huge
huge thank you to you guys do me a like
thank you guys so much you guys has been
showing support from day one every
single day
has been shown like more support every
single day and i truly appreciate every
single one of you this is why i don't
always give back and when i reach a
million subscribers on this channel
which is inshallah soon i'll be doing
another huge giveaway and i'll beginning
another one of these insha'Allah so this
one is from our main channel and then
hopefully I get another one from our
vlog channel thank you to every single
one of you who literally go Turkey to my
Rotterdam do mieze to my quiet
goomy's tomorrow do me some social love
social support since day one since
yesterday it truly means the world thank
you so much for subscribe and thank you
so much for taking the time out to get
in your hand and like president um ZUP -
leaving a nice positive comment - being
a part of my life thank you guys so much
like you guys do not know how much you
ask me something I'll do this all for
you guys I try my best to make you a
smile every single day no matter like
how I try to do it I try to make you
guys forget the stress that you've got
you guys have had throughout the day
with a 10-15 minute life to make you
guys smile to brighten up your day so I
really hope it's worth it and like it
makes me happy seeing you guys from on
so thank you guys so much from the
bottom on and most of all thank you to
Allah like thank you a lot for putting
me this position and knowing how like
passionate and how hard and dedicated
and work coming how much work I put into
this I literally sweat my butt off work
my butt off to like to have fun from I
started YouTube for fun and like I'm
still doing and I'm still having so much
fun so I'm blessed to be in this
position and I shouldn't say I'm the
left everything thank you guys so much
thank you to my family being so
supportive or I feel like I'm given like
an award speech but yeah thank you to my
family for being so supportive it truly
means the world and another award coming
soon another milestone coming short
thank you do me gang til next time
I love you guys so much make sure you
guys give it a thumbs up if you were if
you want and feel part of the dooming
egg give this a thumbs up I only see
every single you guys giving us a thumbs
up please thank you guys so so much
truly means the world and other than
that I just really hope you guys stay
smile and stay happy and don't let
anyone bring you down don't let anyone
make you feel like you're worthless
trust me your your your important in
this world and someone will be there to
love you forever and ever
like I need you shut up Agnes thank you
guys so much sense even bottom are truly
preach you guys when I'm off thankful I
am I'm always so thankful every single
day so how do you know I'm speechless
thank you yes you gonna make love with
this and I'll see you guys tomorrow
Doniak take care for you I'm always a
fan I'm sure that those tears let me
right away this would choose astray
