because it was listed real what was the
bad hey guys what's up in the gang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day you all should
be having an amazing day right now going
to an appointment with my mom because I
got a translate I'm a translator you
guys did not know I've been a translator
ever since I was like seven eight years
old
and when I translate from my mom is
always like really embarrassing because
sometimes my mom goes crazy on them and
then they want me to translate tell and
tell them Oh mom said I'm like not you
say you're very beautiful which they're
very you know very kind and sweet
I don't know what this place is that I'm
gonna go to it and I'll see you guys
after and I'll let you guys know how I
went okay wish me luck I'll see you up I
am back from the appointment I'm here
right now with Hamza and hidin imma let
you guys know how much is servicing what
crazy my mom mom is wild
she doesn't care like she don't care I
think I heard mothers they just don't
care they they yell at the doctors and
then she expects me to translate what
she said but I'm not like I never say
like well really says but hamdullah I'm
done after a whole hour and a half of
waiting in the in the doctors room I'm
going for a ride on Hylas bike to
tighten this bike she actually got this
bike for free well she won this bike for
being one of the smartest students in
school and graduation Tyler for getting
this bike very good I'd be doing good at
school times that I don't know about you
okay how you need a haircut subo
I know you do got a macdonald side
Handler and you got a one D sign
hairline like how you yeah follow like
are you okay at least I got a hairline
when I'm ball thank you yes I do
alright guys remember to always put on
your helmets don't be like these kids
even your eivin bike and that's deep
ouch but we get hungry out here
I'm like mom who's hungry out here
right
I do not know what highlights drinking
an iced caramel latte in this weather is
free when we go for the shows to
Scandinavian tour to Oslo Sweden and
Denmark Copenhagen
I heard is gonna be extra extra cold
because in that side of the world is
going really cold so make sure you guys
stay warm you're gonna thank me that you
wore that helmet you want full and then
gonna be like hey okay gonna be training
Hamzah gonna give him he needs a
transformation like a body
transformation so this is gonna be well
this is rock Pat as right here rock-hard
abs sure whenever I'm awake I trust you
to be working out somewhat okay take out
some air the reason why people go I can
only do that sis it's kind of like you
gotta take out some breath whenever
you're punching you can't hold your
breath when you're picking go let me
suck then you get tired fast so that's
why when you hear like boxers go cuz
they're letting go no I'm saying you got
one two boom uppercut so you won - go -
alright then by the time this hand is
coming back the uppercut should be
coming up hit me so I just met up with
the homies son oh gosh see what that go
freezing out here
but we're here we're back to this with
what I know it's just literally but your
hope is gonna be kind of cold you know
there's gonna be cold the beforehand we
were like we were kind of like you know
writing down what we're gonna do in
their new Europe towards can be really
really crazy really crazy so I'm so
excited for you guys
hey coming through at home
so you guys definitely March was a March
11 12 13 14 the four cities so it's a
little Scandinavian tour see if you guys
have a guy take us to meet you get your
tickets in the links down below the
first four links for the forest City for
the gothenburg sweden oslo and
copenhagen make sure i get it all going
beter not gonna be there literally we
gonna turn up so okay good I didn't take
a shower for a week I am leaving
give me five gasps boys you missed you
got boy let me see to you come with us
cat-boy this heat let's see open it do
me gag I have breaking news my mom she
just shaved Mawson's whole head I mean
it's not bald but it's like it's like
this size but she shaved the whole thing
his hair was so soft it was so nice that
I'm so so mad I'm so angry like at least
it Vienna cut his hair like take him set
a barbershop so you can have a nice
shape up at him like this but his head
right now it's completely messed up and
he will not be in vlogs forever I'm just
joking but once I fix him up you guys
will seem in the vlogs again you guys
might seem in a picture tomorrow if I
fix up his shape up I'm gonna fix up his
hair and I'll show them but I'm so so
sad it took him so long to grow that
hair mom you're you're crazy if you
watching us watching mom you're crazy
stop doing that stop doing i'ma fight
you
also another breaking news guys I will
be doing and asked Adam Saleh sometime
this week
and ask Adam so I've done a scream I
asked a man asked so many people but
I've never done an ask Adam for so so
long so use the hashtag hashtag ask Adam
style on Twitter or in the comments
below
just give me some questions and I'll be
answering them give me some interesting
cool funny I don't know it's just not
not the same old questions just like
interesting questions and I'll be
answering them in the upcoming with the
upcoming week so I'll see you guys at
the ask Adam if you guys want to be on
there because I missed you - I'm very
good he was sleeping yeah she's starting
to like me more she always watches the
vlogs and she loves like she loves me in
the vlogs but she doesn't love me in
person
oh no no Remo Jamel like me luck do you
love me yes see she started to love me
now this is my head that's nothing bad
yeah this bad my good man you gonna call
him out on me he's gonna beat me up why
she was gonna is it that ugly oh my god
fine fine mmm is that hideous is that
ugly it is Dina you're a mess take it
off for you take it off Dina's not that
bad
damn I must be ugly
my name is Rima I love you I be scared
is nothing it's nothing this is what I
mean by Deena always watching the videos
every day she watched me everything I've
never Dina's invited I do me she watches
too every single day and she's chewing
gum all right guys I'm gonna be wrapping
up this vlog here if you enjoy that
makes you give it a thumbs up and go to
say go Turkey don't Turkey thumbs up for
Dina saying I forgot to tell you guys
I'm gonna be doing a main Channel video
real soon
this one's kind of dangerous because I
don't want to say much of its kind of
dangers hopefully I pull it off I'll
keep you guys updated with it tomorrow
I'll see you guys tomorrow
say nobody said good nobody smoked cuz
you can die like that remember the video
and I said mom call me the cigarettes so
yeah see you guys tomorrow do me again
I'll keep you guys updated
take care who's the other Adam I don't
know she said she just woke up but yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow do me I take
care and peace I love you
I like ya so don't sit you know yeah
stop saying you know yes she didn't say
I have you there always a feather I'm
strapped those teeth let me write them
away this would choose
