alright guys I'm kind of nervous to say
it in front of my dad but I'm finally
gonna say today today is the day today
is the day of doing game
what is poppin I hope you all are having
an amazing day because I'm having an
amazing day so what I'm having an
amazing day you all should be having an
amazing happy day do me gang today is
the day I am making my big announcement
and I need y'all to listen up not even
my family knows this big announcement so
I'm kind of nervous in a way but at the
same time I'm kind of excited but before
I make the big announcement doing it I
want to announce the Middle East tour
and the Europe tour dates
you guys ready because I want you guys
to mark it on your calendars December
1st al Qaeda Cairo Egypt I'm doing my
first ever show in Cairo Egypt I came
last time you guys shut down the mall
literally like two to three thousand
people there I could even go inside and
I told you guys I'll be back so Cairo
I'm doing my first ever show there chop
the two tour December 6 is due by
December 8th is Muscat or man
December 10th is behind December 12 is
Kuwait shout out to Kuwait
December 14th is Doha December 16 is
India Mumbai India the first time
they're awesome
January 11th is patties fun Joel come
over to Paris I'm coming to you guys and
I'm looking for love cuz I heard it's
like the city of romance you know I'm
saying January 13th d√ºsseldorf Germany
January 15th answer damn having been
there for so long so I'm so excited to
be back January 16th Rotterdam really
scared to even perform there because
last time I did like the biggest mistake
of my life and I fell on a fan onstage
so I'm gonna have flashbacks when I'm
there
January 18th Oslo January 20th
Copenhagen glass always shows so much
love these are the dates make sure you
guys market on calendars tickets to come
out November so make sure you got stay
tuned for the chapter 2 so Julie let's
go do me getting my dad is downstairs
right now I told him to wait for me
because I want him to be in the video
with me while I say that announcement I
just want to see his reaction I want to
see how my dad reacts and I also want to
see how you guys are gonna react so do
me again I thought further ado this is
the big announcement in the next shop
love you guys look so nervous yeah yeah
hey do me gang it is finally time for me
to tell you guys the big announcement
that you all have been waiting for I am
here with my dad my
that does not know what the announcement
is Ali doesn't know what the
announcement is Watson doesn't know what
it is no one knows what it is not even
you guys Bob what do you have any
guesses what I'm what's mine off set no
you don't know what this no no no Holly
do you know what's my announcement hey
kid Watson do you know my announcement
huh yeah what is it what is it all right
guys I'm kind of nervous to say it in
front of my dad but I'm finally gonna
say do me gang the announcement is I'm
having a baby
what 701 but the thing is we do not know
who the baby mama is this is the picture
of the baby
well better having a baby - man you feel
like okay you don't want to have my kid
your arm you don't have that yeah okay
that's I'm saying so I'm having a baby
do me do me gay I'm joking I'm joking
but do not say anything leave in the
comments below pretend that I have a
baby tell me Congrats Adam you got a
baby you don't even know who's your baby
mama comment below right now so everyone
who comes through they see it and you
guys can do a little mini prank on it
I'm sorry I'm not seriously this is my
big announcement
I've been finally told that I can say it
I gave you guys a lot of clues my dad
doesn't even know that now it's me this
is the real enough you ready yeah ready
all right they announced me is my movie
is coming out the one that I was in when
I went to Egypt when I went to the Trump
rally the movie documentary it is coming
out and the only thing I can say which
is the main thing is September 25th the
trailer of the movie documentary is
gonna be out there all Collette let it
feed thank you so much oh thank you so
much thank you guys the movie
documentary is finally gonna be out
September 25th I can only show you guys
the cover of the movie documentary and I
feel so blessed because I'm like the
main person on to cover and that movie
is seriously gonna change the world so
do me as you guys know it's been like a
year a year and a half since we filmed
this movie it was an insane experience
you guys will get to see the trailer
September 25th and the movie will be out
in theaters at the beginning of 2019
thank you my gene waiting for this day
for so so long because seriously this
movie has so much potential to change
the world I can't say too much
information on about our September 25th
I will tell you guys all the information
I was only told that I can announce it
to you guys by September 25th you guys
will get to see the trailer you guys
will get to have a lot of information
and one of you guys will be able to win
a free trip to Egypt so I can't wait ba
ba I can't wait to watch the movie with
me I want you to come to the premiere Oh
what do you want to come yeah you can
count
seriously this movie is not an acting
movie it's a serious movie and it's
gonna touch all your hearts and
seriously I'm telling you guys this
right now this movie is so inspirational
and I can't wait until it's out for you
all to watch it mark that on your
calendars September 25th the trailer is
gonna be out a lot more information
coming soon I love you guys so much
Bubba thank you for me thank you thank
you for being there little complaint
seriously man like a drug alley you
gonna watch the movie huh are you gonna
watch the trailer I filmed it before you
were born before you was born that's
what I was filming it and now it's
finally gonna be out thank you guys so
much for your love and support and do me
a shadow tell my rotted eyes you guys
are all gonna love this now I better
show you how parents your whole family
everyone is gonna love it cuz there's
two cultures in one world I'm heading
out right now so do me again thank you
guys for riding with me through this
journey I want every single one you guys
to give this like a giant thumbs up you
guys are gonna be continuing on this
journey with me till it's out and
there's a lot more to come but 725
stay tuned which is a day before my
mama's birthday so again this Yahoo goes
hi guys
yeah you guys know like it's like that
would you look at that
so granny thank you guys man thank you
guys
no this is amazing
for showing us I don't know was taken
credit slim Olek us one of them is one
that found out about this I don't know
they're both they're like no he's sick I
don't know who's taking credit I
remember it was actually a fan the fan
get Shantanu that's like the beginning
I'm now ending this vlog I really hope
you guys enjoyed this vibe you guys then
make sure you guys give it a giant
thumbs up and go Turkey do not forget
September 25th the trailer is going to
be out and all the information for
everything is going to be out September
25th I'm just so excited that I got to
tell you guys that now Smit because when
you're super excited it's so hard to be
quiet you know I'm saying and you guys
always try to get it out of me man I
really hope you guys are as excited as I
am I'm super excited and I promise you
guys every single day I will stay
working hard and will always keep you
guys smiling seriously I've been
grinding since I was 18 years old and
every single year there's always a big
thing that goes on in my life last year
was the album this year is the movie and
the tour thank you guys so much for your
love and support make sure you guys
subscribe because I'll upload every
single day do me gang I'll see you guys
tomorrow and I'll see you guys on
Twitter Instagram Facebook MySpace
snapchat YouTube comments love you guys
take care
peace
