come borrow like $20 I'll only have a
dollar so like
hey guys what's up and do me yank I hope
you are having an amazing day because
I'm having an amazing day so if I'm
having an amazing day you all should be
having an amazing happy day
do me gang we just pulled the craziest
prank on Mawson I don't even know if
it's a prank on Mawson or prank on us
but we did the invisible prank on him
and it went pretty crazy if you guys go
to the link down below you guys can
watch it go give it a giant thumbs up go
Turkey on it I'm uploading much more
main channel videos to come so stay
tuned you guys got 1 million views and
around five to six days on the other
invisible prank I did so thank you guys
so much for all of the support that you
guys showed a lot of you guys are
looking forward to main channel video so
I'm definitely gonna bring it back my
vlogs are just my vlogs that I do for
fun every single day you do meet guys we
got the homie Yousef first watch want to
say happy birthday happy Labor Day his
birth it was September 9th we've been
waiting for this day for so so long he's
finally 21 years old 21 years old you
know what I mean 21 punches - my nephew
and your stomach yeah and it's you know
you'd want me to do my heartis much yo
like trust me if you don't don't do your
heart is this I'm not now just got to do
21 sure
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 one for good luck
ha two pinches to lose two inches a
choke so you won't smoke a kick so you
won't be sick his phone hurt my leg I
did you say is your phone good yeah got
it watch out this oh yeah happy birthday
I love you bro seriously happy birthday
run also use if I know you wanted to try
something out what was it you wanted to
try always it to my man after I saw the
video that hurts bro dessert so I'm
gonna Punk you Gucci power will try to
where is it the laborers stimulator yeah
hi guys as I told you guys every male
should try this and feel the pain of a
woman giving birth now I'm letting my
nephew try this and I'm officially gonna
give this whole thing to the homie slim
so Sophia can just make him suffer so
Yusef you got to know the feeling man to
keep movin feeling
that was the worst feeling ever so what
yeah buddy stomach yeah putting some
both their money something yeah but I
was on fire bro relax relax don't you
feel a little bit I feel like like
electric shocks report still oh you did
like 30 seconds imagine me I did three
to four minutes man like you little man
three to four minutes I swear to God is
on video my G it's all good in the hood
of Douma gang today is gonna be a crazy
fight night it's gonna be Canelo vs. GGG
triple G even if you guys are not boxing
fans you guys should know about this
fight because this is a big big fight so
we're gonna see what happens today what
do you think is gonna win okay not Evo
gdg triple G yeah so but yoga but Canelo
Kellogg's good nose beef I know he says
they're both really really good so among
it gets me like the box and mood like
you know so I'm gonna go out with the
boys me Yousef Nikki slim what cuss but
the thing is I'm doing kind of a
challenge while I'm outside with the
boys and the challenges I have to eat
you know whatever I can't eat with just
one dollar what you need to make chicken
broth I don't know no it's a good idea
if you got a big chicken but that's
that's what I can have for 24 hours
there's another nine cents anyways
well I'm not sensing but yeah I've seen
a few people doing a challenge like you
know the one pound challenge is the one
dollar challenge for 24 hours like you
have to eat with just that dollar just
that pound so a do me gang the next 24
hours I'm not like I haven't eaten
nothing today all I did was drink water
but that doesn't really count because it
was just like three water like tap water
am I allowed to drink tap water I think
I'm
yeah you go to the pork and drink well
yeah sure I go to the park and you're
gonna but I have one dollar for the next
24 hours on food hey you gonna survive
can you give me five more dollars but
I'm a dollar boy you wanted this child
for a week bro yeah we're gonna see how
it goes gonna be kind of tough but we're
gonna see how it goes I'm gonna be
starving watching the fight and
throughout the day or this one dollar is
gonna this is gonna be my survivor for
today I wish you luck bro on this change
and God and the law so AMA that those
are you know yeah let's see how it goes
guys I'm outside right now the homie
Nicki was coming maybe I can ask him for
some like food does that count hi my
friends came by from you how about that
oh man come on heart yeah what's poppin
G yeah do you have food on you yeah
everything your food I'm hungry man I'm
doing this challenge I only have a
dollar to like survive for the next 25
minutes the food I'll give you buy could
you bite a bite
he thinks the key was like like like a
person who just speaks out of it
what did whether our guys we just got to
Queens Bayside Queens we're going to
this place called Martha's I am starving
literally guys things have $1 know and
almost do nothing man oh yo literally
I'm trying to get extra like you know
ain't nobody give me money man oh good I
don't know go to your neck and all your
hands your money
what do you no one's gonna give what I
don't know like I don't know how this
challenge goes but like I'm gonna try my
best like I'm gonna just use the dollar
but I'm also try to ask so ask people
wash dishes or like preventive and I
don't think so I don't know I don't know
we're gonna see how it goes going inside
to eat I'm just gonna order something
small probably like dessert always gonna
order dessert and I heard this place is
amazing but I'm gonna try my best to
only make it worth $1 I don't know I
don't know wish me luck guys
let's go oh you guys the chairman sup
guys we just got to this dessert spot
here in Bayside Queens both Martha's as
you guys know I only have a ballad song
I'm gonna do this
I'm gonna bring none of our cards my
dollar right here hopefully good
gasp people can borrow like $20 only
have a dollar so what's your name trust
me yo you shot at us he's gonna give you
20 yo I got a 20
hi guys I just finished not too so I got
really lucky I don't know how the hell
we were 20 bucks for having no idea of
my wife she handed money I got lucky I
got lucky I know I don't know I gotta be
rich thanks out what you think maybe
she's rich this is giving out winning
maybe she's rich she's got that guap you
know nobody I should ask you crazy man
like like if I had no money I would like
get one outfit that looks like makes me
look rich and I'll go to a rich spot and
I just like lost my wallet can you pay
$1,000 for me you know how did you say
it can
$80 you know like thinking though that
be smooth that's like hustling in Austin
no 24 I'm positive now you're literally
my food you just tell them banana like
ten dollars if it was poppy man what up
without without my guys don't say hi
Jackson abroad shout to the boy
no your brother's cool for that man
what's in it
I'll see you guys hi guys we're here at
this pharmacy and freakin to keep wants
to buy you yo can do your cars but I'm
not gonna sell my dollar seriously I
know man you guys doing good
I don't don't go challenging canceiied
yeah what's up what up man how you doing
doing good
what do you think is gonna win in a
fight Mira que si Jose Wow ah geez man
bucks yeah but you see the hands come on
oh oh okay okay we gotta hold yo I think
you could be me and can sign together I
are you saying I'm just sick or just
saying that fun of me or you really do i
want to logan paul to it what do you
want to fight Logan or ksi yeah yeah you
want all the camera here you can bring
your other hand this money well first of
all why do you what you guys doing
outside alone on another oh okay there's
good you hold it it's kind of heavy hold
it be careful it's uh plugs
everyone thought subscribe to K aside
dyslexia videos are you in the low gang
he's in the low game I'm in role mom dad
I see you guys I take care of man I'll
see you guys peace yo guys I just met
the homie Jane why here yo yo it was
popular what does happen out here bro as
you know I'm uh I've been going through
a lot of labor
oh yeah yeah what you love - no I'm just
loving cuz like I this my friends behind
the karcsi
come see what's odd that waiting like to
the wait is like two hours in a car
accident the cops mom Bob Channel watch
this can never forget people G but a big
fight or smoke a big accident is like a
little scratch in the bag are they good
they're good they're good they're good
all right
that's one license plate though yeah yo
the facebuster little I got something if
I got a gift you word yeah I got a gift
food yo yeah I got you presents a plane
hello
timed out for like it's something really
don't like I can't take gifts like that
bro trust me no it's just like you know
like you know help me someone way to
some shit guys finally got it it's
Bahama back oh man you know I don't like
gifts like that no no that's not Rolex
it's a Labor stimulator here's a
brand-new one that's what I hear
and this one right actually I think it's
a gift for so you give it Sophia ya need
to do to you to do a new oh my god so
have fun yes what I did yeah bro your
gift to me is pain at him it's truth is
like you know like yo get to try it for
real like oh really that much I'm scared
little bro Charlotte when you have kids
food you know how to take it you do it
brother
you know what I just thought like his
reaction will be hilarious that you're
actually like oh my - why you gonna do
this - watch your reaction I'm gonna be
so embarrassed politically so good you
got no trust me back this boy learn from
this take out the gucci watch skirt take
out the good to us it's a plan you know
I can't say it's like that this is
wrapped up we're about to watch the
fight right now I can hello GGG let's do
it let's see a doobie gang I'm back home
what a crazy fight Canelo and g-g-gee
were going at it literally got me in the
mood start boxing before I'll talk about
the math because I know a lot of you
guys like who won Canelo or GGG I just
wanted to say that $1 in 24 hour
challenge was probably the easiest
challenge I seriously thought it would
be much harder all I ate was like
dessert and drink like tap water all day
I didn't even use my dollar I think
there should be a new challenge called
using one dollar for a week not any more
tough for you know say I've seen a trend
going on saying using one dollar for 24
hours I don't know maybe I just I just
got lucky and now to the fight Canelo
vs. GGG it was an amazing fight respect
to both fighters a lot of people are
saying Gee Gee Gee deserve to win a lot
of people are saying Canelo deserved
that win I don't know when I seen the
fight end I personally thought it should
have been a draw like it was so hard to
tell like I know Gigi got amazing hits
but also Canelo had clean amazing hits
and like
dodging skills were just insane like he
looked so much cleaner but GGG was a
freaking beast you know hitting him
crazy they both were just going at it I
think they should have just had like
round 13 or they should have just made
it a drop but I understand why Canelo
won he looked cleaner I would have still
on this third of dgg one because he also
looked really clean but I don't know I
think you should have been a draw and
they should have a third fight or they
should have just made right now on the
spot round 13 that's what I think but I
love both the fighters both of them are
really amazing and so fun to watch I'm
ending this vlog and Umi gang thank you
guys so much for your love and support
that you guys show every single day I'll
see you guys tomorrow I know I keep
mentioning that I'm gonna stay in and
now submit really soon so I'm gonna give
you guys a little hint and you guys can
think whatever whatever you guys want
and it's gonna be a fun hit to see if
you guys you know maybe like no it's
kind of like you guys gotta you know
find out clues you don't say I said I
live at home in a trailer in a trailer
your Hummer is that part in a mile when
Eminem was singing that song that's it
that's that's just it has nothing to do
with Eminem even though he is the best
rapper alive that's the hint whatever
you guys want to think that's what you
guys think but it will be announced
really soon and I will confirm it what
you guys really the least wanna do me
anything got so much that I tell my
other guys I love you guys so much you
guys are amazing you guys are beautiful
yellow sturdy like my babies you know
I'm saying especially especially you
right there there's just you like a fine
girl oh your boy oh you still lookin
cool you lookin cool be lookin cool
thank you guys know me I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace
