wait hey guys what's up a do me gang I
hope you're having an amazing day
because I'm having an amazing day so if
I'm having an amazing day
you all should be having an amazing day
so right now I gotta get ready to pack
we are leaving tomorrow morning so
tomorrow you guys just he well we
I haven't even packed I'm so bad with
like packing always do last minute
packing then after that I'm gonna reveal
my hair to my family to see what they
think about it and a good thing I'm
gonna be out right after this so they
won't have to like I won't have to see
like much complaint too much like
craziness and Yelling's for my mom so
let's see what today brings us see how
go and I'll see you at the next shot a I
am here with Marcin big 5m5 you guys
ready you guys ready ready all about to
see my Barney right now and I'm so
nervous
okay it's all good
most of us care he's just touched in
Italy look he's just like weirded out
he's like remocon
Rima was scared earlier she was scared
before do you like it now like how much
do you like it a lot a little bit be
honest yeah
my good luck niggas gonna make your hair
like that yeah why I'm gonna make a pink
real ones pink here that was up if you
guys Rema are yummy do
that word that P R and K word on Rhema
to make her have so I'll be a good PRA
egg K on her yeah
how does it feel Rima that's cool I
don't like a banana yeah
we Rose the Remo do that's funny yeah
that's not funny no it's not dude think
that's funny huh
to a gap boy let's see your gap we have
a sorry gap for so long
look at that gap got such a big gap I'm
leaving you guys I'm leaving I'm going
away no I said me time I'm going away
for about a week or nine days ten days
to a secret location no to seek a
location then go to a different country
I'm serious Rima just turned off the
camera she literally just pressed off
like what are you doing I'm leaving Rima
why are you sad why are you sad
because you always miss me because what
yeah I'm going to a different country
yeah why not
me and mummy mustn't are going you're
staying here
yeah me my son daddy and I go and you're
gonna stay here
love you Rima fuck I'll see you soon
okay I'll see you soon okay I love you
my son give me five give them big kiss
again
I have a surprise for you I know what is
it what is it your blond your hair oh
yeah mmm
oh my god you don't like it I like you
like it
1 through 10 what do you think what is
up a genius
someone's calling us hey yo are you yo
slim hello yo inside hotel i'ma come
down right all right all right
I leave all right guys so right now I'm
in this hotel we're gonna be staying
here for a couple of hours until we go
to a secret location and if you have a
flight is tomorrow morning at around
like a a.m. so we need to renew we're
not gonna like stay up or wake up so
when you get it - it's a hotel so the
people downstairs can wake us up then we
can go I'm so excited for this so gonna
be chilling around in the city right now
I'm gonna go pick up Slammys downstairs
and let's see what we don't do tomorrow
easy I'm so excited already
oh let's go get Sun right now the keys
no I don't yes I do just met up with the
homie slim back yeah we do it now homie
what cos is upstairs taking a shower on
me
it's um go get some slippers because
might not might get hot at the place
we're gonna be at or we might just need
slippers because we need it for the
bathroom so I don't know to that point
I want to tell you guys a weird story
that happens now I need to tell you the
story - it's so weird - I don't want to
mention like any names enough like that
but i'ma say alright so I was in the I
was at the bank right thank you
I was at the bank okay I'll have to make
taking out money I was gonna give it to
my mom and dad it's alright and then
after that I'm a lady comes out she
takes a picture of me takes picture with
the Remo - Andrea most Reema's dad was
there - so he was there yeah
so she 60 pictures oh my god nice I know
you from snapchat she didn't say YouTube
were like I said I know you from
snapchat which is weird over here and
the all of a sudden she was like come on
all of a sudden she was like oh oh do
you know that guy Mike I was like
Michael oh my god she's like my god he's
from the corner store that I still think
Oh Jeff you he's your cousin right I'm
like he's my pal
so Mike right he goes
I don't know Mike is that you told me
he's your cousin
and I'm like I don't know Mike it's like
oh man I thought you see cousin meet him
kind of had a thing and the only reason
like I had a thing with him because I
thought he was your cousin I was I swear
to God oh well I was a bush the world
even worse the thing about it was my
older brother heard it maltimus folks
are he was like look like a lot of
people lie and like they make believe
that like I'm their cousin to try to
like I don't know get get with someone
else I like that and then he told the
girl he was like if I would even get
with someone I think just because he
thinks that yeah that's my cousin and it
is so weird she was time you say oh you
seriously you lied to me and I'm like
look pretty sure his name is not Mike
I'm pretty damn sure his name is
probably like Muhammad Ali yeah yeah
Salah Mohammad in something like that
his name is everything I'm like and I'm
sorry but he's not my cousin because I
would know where my cousin man please do
not like believe anyone so a lot of
people like Liars federal rumors and
make-believe like I'm there cuz I'm
their family just to get something they
want was I kind of fell back because the
girl was really like heartbroken she's
like wow he lied to me we had a thing
and the only reason why I had a thing
because I thought like he was your
cousin I'm like poverty I don't know I'm
never gonna see him at work I really I
really hope the girls I watching this
work for Mike side huh damn he likes me
you get two girls it's not unless I say
that that's lost no matter who's the
fear like that
no no I don't like that no I just don't
like that I don't like when people like
lie but I didn't like the worst that a
girl actually believed then just got
with him just cuz I'm not gonna see
enough living here we go alright now two
guys in slippered that's the leadership
of the day though really we're about I
swear to god my brother's like what the
hell is going on Dan oh yeah we're going
to get some slippers and I gots no
speaker that we can be using throughout
the trip I'm using right now just a
blast music noises even cool nozzle pop
you'd be a little New York people over
this shit
what do you want those are
all right so know where they sell
slippers because it is cold here
so finally found in motels this liberal
is always simple slippers yeah
don't worry from Sheldon Charlie another
hey they're from Australia shadow tells
show you where not a melanoma can you
take Boyd bloody mate I knew that
Australian I know some dancing shoes I'm
here looking at the ladies ladies you
tell me would you guys where these guys
were these huge
this is like the holy leg like would you
guys wear these let me know in the
comments below disappoint my god there's
one even bigger than look this is so
long oh my god
this is literally like the size of my
whole life this is quick this is so
weird
I don't know I found a weird if someone
I understand maybe like here looks like
here or here but this is way too like I
don't know if you guys like that maybe
maybe some of you guys can ride it I
don't know let me know if you do have
someone putting on shoes you see how it
was simple you don't change it
alright guys now we're getting new
cameras maybe a GoPro for the activities
we're gonna do there my good sure how do
I like film it does it come with a stand
with it or no no you have to buy to
justify the same whatever um would this
stand go on that stand yes go on
and this could go in water and
everything but you connect to your phone
and I said hey the foot is I think right
yeah and that has a memory card in it I
need to get me that to get know what
kind of memory card is yeah okay I'm
gonna try to and how many I I think we
can get it I don't know thing alright
guys so we just got back to the hotel
I'm here with the home rule cos we gotta
say what happens out what's good you
ready I'm ready
as we gonna be out in a few hours we're
going to the secret location we want to
tell them what it is I can't tell them
right yeah it's gonna be secret but
we're gonna wrap up this vlog here I'm
gonna teach I wrapped a log I was gonna
be like this say I guys it's time to
wrap up this black
alright guys hi guys
alright guys it's time to wrap up this
block say DJ Khaled DJ Khaled no no
but it's time so happens I will see you
guys tomorrow and I seek a location take
care it makes you give it thumbs up and
go turkey say go turkey turkey no turkey
you know saying see you guys tomorrow to
see collocation I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care peace all right I like saying
such a awesome you always a fat food let
me right away
this would choose to say
