make a lane right here run it so hit the
back of the bottle listen let's go it
the Rio Rio when I pay watch me now
maybe good you're supposed to put three
in the rope
you want to try it
yeah what's poppin to do me yank I hope
you're having an amazing day because I'm
having an amazing day so if I'm having
an amazing that you all should be having
an amazing happy day adieu me gang I'm
here in the city I am in Soho about to
meet up with my best friends let me slip
the weather is foggy I feel like the UK
weather is just traveling with me and
the fogginess and everything is out here
like no Sun but I'm out to meet up with
the homies slim you should be coming in
a few so I'll see you guys in the next
shot I think I see him I see him he's
right there yeah what's poppin G what's
poppin
let me slam into buildings cars coming
my G hey so what we doing say that if
you know what's going on I have no idea
I think it's like another side of
episode well I heard we're going
somewhere like that sexy eyes so pretty
much yeah I drew him yup he's ago yeah
who saw us how we got a pull-up system
event at 6:00 p.m. if someone's come
through we in there and Adam is in there
yeah we owe everybody it's like a poof
it's the worst daughter actually got to
pick up his poop as nasty girl slim look
how big these dogs are no huh bigger
dogs usually were children smaller dog
yo I'm not passing through their whole
life scared what love it oh good
oh my god love to my guys grab this
festival Nara each piece is oh you gotta
crack this glass look at this with the
baseball trot my bet I got one ball to
do this you only have one try Adam
let's go yo so mean slim we always run
into some random random places and of yo
I'm trying to win the dirtbike a tow
truck live it up don't throw street art
shit making lame right hands money so I
hid in the back at the bottom let's call
it three in a row when I pay watch me
now me good supposed to put three in the
rope you want to try it home
okay I got 20 right here if I make two
more I'm gonna get that dirt by three
which Marty count the one that you made
to make these clothes you get whatever
you want
remember don't want to do so much Adams
you guys this girl you like this Adam
we got the spam yo this is scary man got
to spin
you look so
oh my god make this oh it happens if you
hit yet
come on hard I just got scared bro for
like $100 ah
what's poppin geez shoutout to Egypt
Mayer was so let's do it
yep scam by New York into a Miss missus
game towards no no no I was trying to
get a dirt bike for like either my
nephew or something just to win
something I don't know I got sucked I
blame myself I blame myself I should
have never like agreed to do it like I
got scammed big-time but he was trying
to help me out I don't know I just don't
trust that and I never did yeah you know
those guys are definitely broken
literally I'm taking out a hundred again
but I'm not using another that yeah
I got so me slim we've come to a
conclusion this whole festival there
it's pretty much just like every single
competition you try to do is kind of
like a scam and it's like like people
that I just I know trying to make money
well in a way yeah that's cool but like
damn I fell for it he was also just by
the way he's talking I know I know
they were even trying to skim slim
because they were like all slim slim
throws better man slim throws no no you
know I am better
come on but still imagine you would've
got sucked in there trying to get slim
they're like Oh his friend is better at
it and you're like so you don't got cash
that's the button this digital smart at
like manipulating you to play the game
oh man it's more Adam it's made for
tourists though like how I got scared I
was trying to get a dirt bike man it's
so bad and he was like xbox you said a
whisper and like you know I'm dumb I
should never listen to that I'm dumb
this is your welcome back in New York
oh come on man I got hustled in New York
what's up right now we're a homie and
right here this is the event they were
talking about second painting about
paintings worth like you know 60,000
like mainstream artists buy these
paintings which is kind of crazy
there was a up with a painting though
this is the first one here right here
I'm sorry
love what you do right the supreme
gucchi Wow
have some questions man
I want to know how many did this that's
his name Keo Sarat deed I like numbers
for me the burden you got some Sun nice
to meet you a few questions
thank you
Wow
but here in Spanish when we pray in the
biggest here for that process to be able
to have to hide in
saladin felony salad no kicks holiday
man guys so all the art and paintings
are from like him some of them are fun
like his father his dad made this one
right here
this is more vids right here this is
looking to keep eating Chipotle salad
also
you know I might have to buy no shooting
oh it's sitting on Oh can't say their
age wars do me gang I am back home to my
crib prank week is coming real soon I'm
pulling a crazy prank on Riemann Mawson
the same prank that I did on Jamaat I'm
a main channel that's what I'd be doing
on Riemann Mawson because I just found
out that they did not even watch that
video all they've been watching is my
vlog I don't even know if they know that
I have a main channel so it's kind of
good in a way because I can get them
with the invisible prank so it might be
uploaded tomorrow or the day after so
I'll keep you guys updated with that and
do me and I'll still be uploading here
every single day of Jummah yang thank
you guys so much for your love and
support
if you guys enjoy wog miss you guys give
it a giant thumbs up and go Turkey even
though I got skin today for $100 in New
York City it's all good the hype people
get scammed everywhere especially in New
York City so be careful when you go to
New York especially if you're a tourist
man they're gonna hustle the crap out of
you so DUII yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow take care and peace I like I
like big enough what's coming so stay
tuned
amen
