this pain is like extremely like oh yeah
what's poppin a doobie gank I hope you
all having an amazing day because we're
having an amazing day so if we're having
an amazing day you all should be having
an amazing happy
do me gang today I'm giving birth get it
all birth means that's what it means
well technically I'm not taking out a
baby because I'm a guy not a doctor I'm
not a female you want to be dentists oh
that's so sweet man thought you wanted
to be like astronaut or something oh I
think I wanted to be like a youtuber you
said you are choo choo you ready you are
youtuber but I do me again I'm not
really giving birth but I'm gonna feel
the pain of a female when they give
birth I have no clue why I'm doing this
even if I don't do daily vlogs I would
have still been doing this because
that's how I am I'm just really weird
like that but since I do vlogs I will
vlog it
we got Mawson number one right now I'm
going my dad to pick up the labor
stimulator I'd even know what's a called
but it's something that bunnies stomach
and you feel like the pain when a child
comes out so I'm not really excited huh
you can't do every major baby seven no I
think well you're not really you can't
do it
I'm with the king of a dumi gang not me
bobis alright so what's up I'm feeling
great
but I'm not gonna be feeling so great
cuz we just got to Bed Bath & Beyond
that's where I'm picking up the
stimulator you shout out to my dad for
always driving me creamier sleepin Rema
Rema Rema sleepin wake up Prima wake up
stretch let's go we are ado me gang I
finally got the package where it's gonna
make me feel the pain as if a child it's
coming out of me one person that I would
love to see try this is slim because I
know his reaction will be so so funny so
I'm probably gonna give it to him after
this do me gang I'm finally home I'm
here with Ali I'm about to do this crazy
challenge Reema right now is about to
give me the bag where it has the
stimulator where I have to put it in my
stomach I'm gonna feel like I'm giving
birth to this kid right here
Mawson got band-aids mica Rima got
band-aids soon and the funny thing is
now Mawson is trying to hurt himself by
purpose because he wants a reason to put
on his band-aids that has the
superheroes on him look Plus and you
have no movement you have no boo-boo my
G you know who that goes around to get
fake injuries to put on a freakin
superhero band-aid only Moss and man
don't be like that okay do me gang it is
time to feel the pain of a woman giving
birth to be honest I don't really think
is gonna be that painful I just feel
like it's gonna be like you're in the
bathroom doing a hard number two I
tweeted that and a lot of you guys are
saying I'm gonna regret it and I'm gonna
feel some crazy pain but I don't know I
think I can take the pain I don't think
it's gonna be that hard
let's see my dad isn't gonna help me out
he's the one that's gonna keep pressing
the pain to go higher and higher and
higher you can press the tombs gonna
start up slow then after that it's gonna
get crazy but do you know what this is
all right this is pretty much it goes in
my stomach and I'm gonna feel like I'm
giving birth like a lady you feel the
pain yeah you want to try it open it up
but the batteries in here
chargers oh my god
we finally hooked it up here took us a
while but imma get it kind of nervous
now but I'm not I'm not that nervous but
I'm a little nervous I just need to try
it out and see how it feels like I've
always been curious to see how it feels
to have a baby so I'm out today it's
gonna happen ready Bo you're gonna be
holding this I don't trust the kids hold
it
yo you guys are gonna make this like
extra level okay so I'm gonna put out my
stomach I believe
let's say thank you welcome
all right let's go put that one aside
all right guys before we start this
video make sure you guys give this black
a giant thumbs up let's try and get
50,000 thumbs up for going through this
crazy pain
let me feel like I'm given burger about
turn it on set start oh my god oh my god
start okay one time this Oh what time
okay wait okay it's like a little bits
not much yet nothing like it always
feels no Bob believe this is what Labor
goes through a starts off just like a
little bit that's how we had you and you
you too all right
press up again about oh okay okay chill
chill okay guys it's getting a little
more all right guys so far it's on to
let that put it up twice
do one more okay Chuck all right feeling
it it feels like it feels like the
baby's in my stomach and it's like I
don't know is it all right okay guys I'm
gonna be me one I want 13 babies after
this okay
I don't care I'm not gonna take it up up
I want to feel that pain Bubba put it up
twice one two
oh okay okay guys this is not a game
this is not a game this is not a game
it's not again yo is this how I can
about period up four times four times
yeah four for you I'm starting to loosen
it look I feel like I'm at the same
think of the job yo what the hell is
this what the hell is this the girl
woman go through this I have two pair of
again
this is like extremely like I'm sweaty
obviously oh this is no no what is this
anymore Wyatt I don't want my wife to
have no babies I'm not having all my
babies ever oh oh oh
every man should feel the feeling of a
woman giving birth guys I regret saying
that I feel like me taking a freaking
this is another level of pain man this
is this is not your boxing pink this is
not even working out pain this is the
message level pink oh well I'm dizzy I'm
gonna let my brother use it try this
brother try this I'll begin the slip try
this I'm willing to keep try this this
is the worst pain I've ever felt like
doing the door oh my god I'm finito man
I'm done I don't everyone to do this man
throw that thing out man I don't that
boy in the beginning who was like
whatever leg was starting off with stuff
like that and then after that that pain
just goes more and more yeah I just feel
like the baby's head was coming out my
freakin body like yo oh yo this is yo yo
huge respect huge shout-out to all the
women out there who freaking give birth
like seriously you guys are the real
ones you guys at a real MVP
for going through that my mom my
sister's all the females out there a
huge shout out to you guys I give it to
you guys respect I regret what I said if
I regret anything that I've ever said in
my whole life it's this man but still to
be honest I'd rather go through this
pain than a pain of a heartbreak because
a heartbreak is forever and this this is
just you know I guess temporary but I'm
telling you it's yo it's another level
man that thing Oh as you guys know
Weston wants to the money but I never
gave him cash so right now I'm about to
give him this right here Tom Wilson here
is your money you all come it's $20 you
asked for two and this is $20 what are
you gonna do with it you know buy a toy
but I always give you toys anyways yes I
do
what do you know how many times I gave
you toys what is this I given you toys
so many times can I see that 20 it's
mine now you're not gonna rip it anymore
yeah but do I buy you toys I do buy you
tell you I say no what are you gonna get
with it my g-man Brima can I say
something I just want to say that you
were amazing you're seriously one of the
most sweetest nieces that I've ever had
and what I love about you is that you
don't get jealous even when I give him
money
but you don't always care about you
always give you anything you want and
you don't have to ask me for money
because you guys are still kids you know
what all right anyway girl guys we must
- it is shaking on the top all right you
see yo if I break it right now I'll be a
G problems I'm scared to break it myself
I'm not reading I'm not mama solving
anyways I do me again I really hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog if you did make
sure you guys give it a giant thumbs up
and go Turkey I'm never doing this again
until I'm married
don't be married don't be like Reema
Watson do you want me to get married
yeah Thank You agent to me gang not
forget to subscribe because I'll upload
every single day I'll see you guys
tomorrow
take care
early
