let's get liquidating now I'm gonna get
nanos because we're pulling up basically
to the marina now I just get a takeaway
Nardo's take your home and dilute it
hello everyone and welcome back to my
channel today's video I'm not exactly
sure where it came up with this idea
there's probably people that have done
this video in the past however I've
never seen it and I don't know what I
was thinking about doing this video in
today's video I liquidize my food for 24
hours it was definitely an experience I
feel like you're going to go through
every emotion with me throughout this
video it was a little bit disgusting
also quite funny and fun at the same
time and just overall just I don't know
I don't know why I did it at least I can
now say that I've experienced liquidize
in my food so have you guys do enjoy
this video as weird as it is if you do
don't forget to hit a big thumbs up and
subscribe down below and you can also go
and watch other videos kind of like this
kind of more blocky style over on my
vlogging channel which I'll leave down
below in on the screen right now but
without further adieu I don't want to
drag it out so I hope you guys enjoy
this experience good morning everyone
it's so I have it just woken up as you
can tell very bare face and I'm going to
have my breakfast well actually starting
up this video is actually pretty easy
because I am at one of those people who
snack throughout the day a lot so I
don't necessarily have three Mills
before I actually even have breakfast I
have a protein shake which is basically
liquid ice anyway so this part this they
were pretty easy is when I start
blending my eggs and bacon and sausage
it's gonna be all someone is popular
that is why it's going to be absolutely
disgusting but for now with sign up the
video pretty easy and I'm quite excited
because I really want my protein shake
so and make my protein shake I would
have this oh go to the gym that I've
come back for breakfast honestly I'm
just kind of in the routine of just
having this anyway because it's the best
thing ever so we don't just not gonna
not have it for the video so I have that
and then I add a scoop of this this here
is either gonna be my best friend today
on my worst enemy
hahaha let's get necrotizing this parts
pretty easy you know I love a good
protein shake this tastes so good I'm
just reading when I'm hungry next
right so it's a little bit later in the
day it's lunchtime I have applied some
makeup min myself at Harvey so which is
great it's been very productive although
I'm ready for my lunch and I'm gonna
make myself some bacon in it oh nice one
love that it smells so good like when
you see normally I'll be so excited to
eat this right now but I will not be
eating it I will be drinking it Hey this
is the weirdest video I think I've ever
done sweeper and also it's gonna be
gross like is it actually gonna taste
like bacon eggs I don't know
imagine if this did actually taste good
as a liquid I mean it could I've never
seen anybody try it right singing goes
the bacon and it goes the egg and then
I'm going to add myself some barbecue
sauce why am i doing this to myself this
is gonna be so great okay wow this is
what I would normally have a breakfast
in a blender so let's blend it's not
ready blending I'm not quite sure to do
I guess I just got to keep going until
it goes into some sorta liquid it's
amazing yeah I forget it's not gonna
blend so I guess I'm gonna this is so
this is actually grew oh my goodness I'm
gonna put my drink in with my bacon and
egg and barbecue sauce this is a
revolting
but at least Bella likes it hey Bella
you'll have my bacon eggs it's so good I
don't even like water down coke Berra
mine watered down bacon eggs and
barbecue sauce it tastes like fucking a
cycle University say so bacon eggs but
watered down with oil sphere isn't it
it's the oh yeah but can you try it
please right no please it's so bad
please do it please do it so bad
that's babies Drive gonna eat today it's
the barbecue watered down water that's
what it is discuss the temperature mom I
don't I can't drink anymore oh no I'm
actually getting starving I'm sorry
that's all I can drink for my PT
hopefully have some energy later you
might know mom why there's good point
Rex I think it's just cuz I feel
physically sick let's just say drinking
it isn't as nice as eating it give you
an update a bit later on in the day
basically KC and I started filming over
his channel you don't actually have
enough time to carry on filming cases
video so we're just gonna have to do
that and
throws like why don't we just quickly go
grab some lunch and I was like yeah
let's go to Nando's whatever and I said
to KC like archery to Nando's if we go
cuz I was proper Craven one and I was
here like I can't say no no because now
tell Katie that I'm gonna dream do not
fucking I case goes to me so what video
would you film in today and I was like
oh my god I forgot I'm supposed to be
diluting all my food for today now I'm
gonna have to go get nano scuzz we're
pulling up basically to the marina now
and just get a takeaway Nando's take it
home and dilute it part of me is like so
excited that we get in an Anders and
then part of me is like why are you
excited probably no we're gonna taste
like a Nando's that's why I'm gonna
always get I'm just gonna basically get
my normal meal which is ghetto chicken
butter fried maybe waxman no I'm gonna
get corn on the cob that's why I
normally get oh I'm doing it to myself
aren't I really I'm really sitting
myself up here
I figured that out really a fancy
desserts and supposed to go running I
would get heavily me instead I'm just
hungry because I didn't exactly eat my
breakfast we got our food and it smells
so good so update everyone Casey just
well about an hour ago Casey dropped me
to my personal training session
basically straight from when we went out
I didn't really realize the time my PT
was at 3 o'clock cuz I'm not gonna make
it so I had to get change into my gym
stuff like literally in the car my nose
is now cold so I'm gonna have to reheat
it and now I'm gonna go put it in the
blender I feel like I don't know somehow
scrape off the corn this is already
gross anyway never had before
then I got holy music it's obviously car
then yeah I got my toy box I guess I'm
going to call off that just hammer and
ice but it's hands up today I'm liquid
izing everything that I eat not the best
doing things I did all it's working
though
this is gonna be so grim is it normal to
have sweet corn in a blender I know it
definitely isn't with chicken but is
this like a normal thing so no people
have like veteran stuff I mean I know I
just have a break each X right so here
we go first up this I can't literally do
this on one hand we're gonna tip the
sweet corn in oh gosh I gotta get this
everywhere and let's shuck some of this
halloumi in it as well are we putting
yeah it looks like whit I don't even
know we're gonna fit in there though and
then we got the chicken I'm seriously
concerned like I don't think this is
gonna blend so I'm gonna have to add
water again so here we go let's just add
like a tiny bit so guys I don't know
with that Valon there is a water in
there now let's give it a go you know
I've never seen I might be wrong there
like that someone has done this before
I've never seen anyone do you know what
you should do I just have a bit of time
you should go commandos in canner can I
have my food I feel like it's going to
explode put bones in there of you that
you love Homer I'm not even gonna film
this it makes me feel I don't quite know
if that even is liquidized enough though
is it I'm gonna have to try drinking
this what the hell this looks so grim if
I don't eat it I'm gonna be starving
myself and trust me I'm hungry so I'm
gonna do just try make it a little bit
better is microwave it so it's actually
hot like a normal dinner okay so I
brought my lunch slash dinner into my
office space I've just do my nan we've
doujin some white
stuff and now I'm hamachi ready to try
it you can still see there's a massive
blob of chicken but it literally won't
the lend really nervous I'm actually
scared I'm just sitting here we're
adding about to try this so here we go
mom it's actually not that bad
I'm actually being serious like she
thinks I'm saying they should say why
don't you try it please I'm Jacob I need
uh hungry I need to eat I'm gonna
actually sit here and eat this the worst
is that I've added water do it it's got
sweet con in here but how much actually
like drunk
hang on you see this black line here it
was way past that and look how much I've
actually dragged away Nando's I felt
good but you know what it's actually a
lot more filling which is weird because
you would thinking oh you eat it and
it'd be a lot more filling but I think
cuz the consistency is so like I don't
know bit here in like I don't know I
just well it feels like fatty and it's a
horrible texture I just think that
that's what's making me feel more full
up well maybe it's just that I would
like it I'm like yeah I don't enjoy it
as much as normal I don't really know
I'd actually grab a spoon and then I was
thinking I could like spoon it out but
honestly I'm so full at this point that
I physically can't have any more
Able's and actually I'm actually quite
surprised it looks grim no one else to
try it but it actually wasn't that bad
so if you ever
that ever ever won a liquidation and
knows some that bad so an update your
Intel Iowa knows oh dude you just got
the shower
I mean I've literally just got the
shower so I am going to make myself a
late-night snack because I am one of
those people who absolutely love eating
a and I and it always has to be
something sweet my favorite snack ever
is strawberries and cream so I'm
actually quite looking forward to this
one cause I feel like it might just be a
milkshake oh my goodness it looks like a
strawberry and a vanilla shake in one
okay seriously wasn't expecting it to be
that thick I thought it was gonna be I
just come down to draw my dad's already
in bed but I don't really know that I
have to even though it's been liquid
eyes I'm gonna how can you see this like
even though it's been liquid eyes it's
so thick that I'm still gonna have to
spoon out we still text always a great
place it it's always a cream is the best
thing I've heard all day
yeah well that's not gonna be too bad
okay you probably getting yogurt straw
be no but it's like it still tastes up
the strawberry and the cream is
separated like it's pretty weird and I
blended it for a long time to try some
that's all right
no please try sir so one of my god any
of that chicken lovers it is no it's
good isn't it oh no reason great yeah so
I'm gonna happen here and finish this
because it actually does taste so good
but I'm gonna in the book here I mean
overall this experience was just a
little bit weird it was kind of
disgusting too I wouldn't really
recommend blending any food because
there is literally no point whatsoever
other than the textures away all those
strawberries and cream is actually quite
good anyways I really hope you guys did
enjoy this video I know is it about the
word side but I thought I would give it
a go and I think I've done a pretty I've
actually eaten everything today I just
need to finish this but I will finish
this to my own time definitely so thank
you so much for watching and I'll see
you guys bright very very soon mwah bye
