hey everyone and welcome back to my
channel now for today's video you're
probably thinking suffering were the
hell are you now let me tell you I'm
drawing the very special guest today you
can probably tell by the background if
you seem to watch him a lot
I'm joined and just so you guys remember
my name it's it's on my t-shirt right
here yeah no I'm not really excited I'm
almost like go like I'm like the old
youtuber now and you're the new fresh
youtuber and I'm trying to be cool again
if you haven't seen to to someone like
them kind of like where have you been
because it's been around like ever
basically we're both gonna say to each
other two troops one lie and we have to
get the lie this is from my channel then
we're also doing a video over on Ali's
channel which is you will have to find
out okay you'll have to find out so I'm
gonna make it down below maybe guys do
enjoy it's not alike if you do and
subscribe down below if you guys haven't
already and you have to do this with me
let's get in to the video let's get in
to the video Paper Scissors yes is it
bad to go first I have a fear of the
deep sea I have a fear of spiders I have
a fear of sharks I've seen a lot of the
videos not more fun over here
no one burn like you're definitely not
scared of the city because like you just
recently went on holiday and stars
you're fine with this I feel like you're
scared of spiders I feel like I might
have seen a video of you and your
brother I've really scared of a spider
one right your truth is that you asked
get a spider and you're scared of sharks
oh no I don't know you might be scared
at the ocean but decide good lie is that
you're scared of sharks I'm scared of
sharks yeah and I do have a big fear of
the deep sea like on holiday yeah on
holiday we always like went to spots
where as like really really clear water
and I'm
fine but if we were in the middle of the
ocean and it's like really dark I just I
honestly freaked out like I have a bit
of a panic attack right you ready yeah
throughout high school I had the biggest
crush on my head like literally like the
biggest crush you just wanted to go to
the head teachers officer yeah I once
had a crush on one of my own family
members right what what does that cut
what cousins is that what does this okay
and then when I was 14 I actually had a
huge crush on my friend's dad so did my
other mate right and we both landed him
so much I was printing off like pictures
of him like as a joke if he really
fancied him and it was actually my other
best mates dad
so it wasn't her dad he was I've seen my
other best mates dad oh well yeah kind
of what it's got the same topic went
really in-depth of that last one I think
you tried to overcompensate with it
mm-hmm so I think that's the force one I
think you had a crush on your head
teacher and a crush on a family member
am i right no I'm just sniffing I didn't
realise he's like my cousin's cousin
cousin cousin was like your cousin right
when I was younger I had a business of
selling eggs okay so what age was this
when I was younger when you were young
when I was oh no that's that's that's
the thing mm-hmm when I was younger I
had a business of fixing Xboxes and when
I was younger I had a business selling
lemonade I reckon maybe the lemonade's
true you know a lot of people have the
lemonade stands outside the house you're
laughing you stop fighting me off and
then do you know what I was gonna say
each box has to be like wrong but then
if you're like a kid the president spots
a lot you have to know a lot about them
yeah eirick in the Sun and the eggs is
the lie
oh I had a business selling eggs my mom
was a hairdresser so whenever her
clients came over I would sell six eggs
per pound and that was actually like I
started a real egg business and they
table kontiki yeah so we had chickens
and then stop buying more chickens I
started then at one point I had like 12
X boxes I just buy Murphy bed fix em and
then sell them for like double money
yeah the lemonade one I threw that in
because I knew that was just such a
combo I tricked you
I did think I must have you ever sold
lemonade I don't know I do know that
song yeah if you know it let me know
down in the comments right round right -
so actually my biggest talent is
stand-up comedy and I've won two
stand-up competitions right I've won the
X back to the floor singing and it was
like it was X Factor but it boy it was
on TV but it was more of like a local X
Factor but Simon Cowell's mom judged it
and like there was some hard on accruing
a big budget right I basically I've
weighed myself in the past year I know
the thing about the X Factor is true I
know that once - I know it ones key I'm
gonna say the other truthful one is the
stand-up comedy
well you are please explain so when I
love so much I actually physically like
why I thought those colleagues you do
sketches I mean I would love to be
naturally funny like I'm really not no
no I really not
yes my round three yes we're on the
topic of desserts my favorite dessert is
carrot cake my favorite dessert is
cheesecake my favorite dessert is
chocolate brownies your favorite dessert
is chocolate brownies and your favorite
dessert is cheesecake and your lye is
the character about like chocolate cake
and stuff idea and I thought yeah you
definitely definitely I hate variegated
carrot okay I'm exactly the same I could
love chocolate cake
hey carrot cake since you're new to me
I've lost two different cameras once I
left a case worth over a thousand pounds
worth of equipment at a train station
and went on holiday and I forgot to take
the suitcase it kind of all the
equipment in it I thought oh no dream
once I'm had to get pulled out by like a
pass I like walking by filling a drain
no my leg got caught down a drain well I
know how close this is what I mean when
I sound good I reckon a hundred percent
you have lost two different cameras
because they're having a such an easy
thing to do yeah especially if you vlog
everyday subscribe yeah and I think
you're the kind of hilarious person to
get your foot stuck down a drain for
those ones down the drain it's not
alright
no I know I think I think I actually
just wanted this to be the drain well
that's why I said help seriously loss
but you need you need some help yeah no
wait I I do
like it's kind of work so everyone I
hope you all enjoyed the video as I said
only one so I never win challenges so
hopefully I'll win the ones over on on
each channel I'm gonna link that down
below for you guys to go and check out
how to like and subscribe down below if
you guys haven't already thank you for
being on my show very much thank you
thank you thank you and it's about to
get messy down on Ali's channel so we're
gonna head over there and hopefully I'll
see you guys very
very soon mwah
