yeah you know Minnesota are you doing
also know about you when they preach
that we should be lying they don't you
who are you doing
I won't do it again right going down
easy from now to my channel are you all
having a good day so fast is Mike with
his absolute nut cases who I'm sure
you've been my lizard okay no I don't
imagine when von der you would have said
from behind the videos before and you
like requests to see them so much as
well as I put your judgment without this
event my and my bad habit just as long
mean green line divided so thank you
quite a little ground Thank You boys
thanks merely quite popular on this
channel and I've got a lot more but
Janet challenges so I do want to see the
others might be crippling down the line
before day video we're gonna be seeing
oh oh - non-fictional are you wasting
y'all on the bed parents okay well I'd
really like for this video
the questions are not where you're going
to be expecting again then I might find
out how every day even where are you
what
yeah and one more come on oh one more
time yeah I respond what nails to me
yesterday not yeah like no no no no
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you do to make it a big thumbs
up let's try and get this 50,000 like I
probably can definitely do it
also do be quiet down below if you guys
have it already and also let's get in
this video so I can only have fun for
therefore mum watch above our three two
one rap winner
that's not quite a load of copy chicken
down your big loser
no way I wanna catch in there you've had
that 100 times
I can't think about that one - it is a
sum winner there in the buzzes what's
tradition your wife sleeping on your
phone when a girl's gotta know when you
know demonstrate when you're something
oh I tell me what sensei no I don't
think I like how many did I wake you up
no no it's wicked on your side how is
that it's very demonstration you know
how they don't mean it was that obvious
I might describe that kind of it when
you mean we're gonna go yeah that is how
I do it I go in there undulate retching
oh sweet with it from my diary morning
honey
but that's not know how she want them
what we hope she wakes up that's not
where she goes to sleep with you guys
how I listen when I tell me to at
nighttime after they're gone no don't
eat before she's asleep
no your honor another join how cute is
going to sleeping no question we've got
it wrong
win or lose you can have that one a mine
an inny or an outy
look at that book she said when I hola
no he wanted a novella skinny you have
to pick up guys isn't it yes we are you
could have an easy bib and all the one
you want to pick you something a little
bit about I can hear yelling always
thank you okay moving on to be third
question Truffaut I should fit - we are
we're pretty nice Larry well that's a
safe option uh no it's not yes surely as
for my god you're not three now my
decision one-to-one if I want to apply
okay Photoshop is free for any saw what
Saul but I dress
come on quick quick quick quick fire
questions quickfire answers what I'm
gonna sighs okay yes okay okay quiet
down hard shell of it okay good I don't
think about that I probably would have
chose up but no why is that one so nice
but I saw no what you because hopefully
I can find that I like it right up I
probably would yeah with lots of others
go ahead and get your perfect eh
we are victoria secret no Meghan I must
/ - mom what is it and run it
no move it back over to dad come on -
just around my room thank you oh my god
there we are
thank you what do I use every single day
grime the apples got me Jessa down Levi
goes into it we are against as much
you actually have everything in a bowl
get myself a nice new laptop now I think
I'm getting loads of potage if it were a
lot of the rest of my life
are you still running up let me great
the trainers are really sensitive also
my proper self review the GI that I ran
when I will suffice Tim yeah before I
keep it justice or not going to go for
other yes it's me mark Kleiman
you people but yeah my gosh only have I
ever gone skinny-dipping
yeah yeah no yeah both sixth sense of
this bet he'll blow it so you better
start in the baffles oh yeah yeah oh
yeah absolutely
people with someone else
never wonder so anyway let's move on I'm
on anybody that lives in our household
two guys go up again fryer actually I
think right you should have finished
that no uh know what its gonna be is
gonna be c8 thanks very much yet no I'm
probably won't be a shed no okay are you
always your against James yeah can you
and White's weekend but now is Jim
resonate in every day if you don't think
it up
no that's what she's a bleep either okay
why won't win that's not the answer is
that yeah I'll just probably you're
probably go so me but I was definitely
being you I said what is to reopen is
who I've got again and pieces who you
believe I was god no I don't know if I
think that you think that you would beat
me what is my most hated health sure
we're done washing up
I mean we're gonna make it dense that
others will yell and I saw a lot of
footage one o'clock what Todd you new
room no it is washing out pretty cool
job other people's dishes like I need to
not be waitress because my most on my
arm dishes
I believe only way off anything you
can't get I'll be dishwasher downstairs
yeah I wash up my dinner that's making
for some bug on my odds of people that
I've ever worked in which my favorite
dinner by the way these are great they
have to clean up after other people
years ago you started a label no I was
noticing in the dishwasher anyway mom go
to I actually really wanted that clean
and sorry if I was a better parent okay
and not you just you just no more
rubbish than my who was my favorite
teacher in primary school when I got a
Miss Smith um no no accident no yes you
would the next question is I mean have a
lot many left now so the next question
is what's the first thing I do when I
wake up in the morning so yeah open your
eyes
yes are you sure it because I'm gonna
wake up pretty fine no you you can open
your eyes media she's not open or less
and you guys like oh come on you can dad
how did you get my glass pot I do I
don't remember comment and then I look
at my main channel comments we've got
three more questions okay so the next
question is and now you can have any
superpower what would be really on the
count of three both say of my superpower
ready 3 2 1 go below I write down
invisible I'll shut up
yeah I don't find anything I don't know
how to come off it what you wanna really
do single rock record I fight advanced
me I can be made over again David in
China you got in between the denying of
areas you can pursue comparable I wish I
actually tried our sliders because I
would assign what is don't say into a
big sentence
my biggest cut up in a guy clothing wise
when I yes probably
trend line well man bags my bags I did
spying man bag
where'd you get an ID on you and oh yeah
oh yeah
it's a terms of reference I don't like
them and I couldn't see myself a story
is worth mother but it doesn't mind if I
weigh link like pick one yeah same
little thing
basically I really want my double print
video got a pretty I'm going to go yes
alright no you happen usually I don't
even listen to my heart
how would you not as I continue with him
okay we're going to be a last question
and the last goal of my work right I
can't actually throw onto for this but
like if you like if you get it right
like you can bake the over your
composure get right okay what's the top
three qualities that draw me to somebody
raps where's mama no no thank you
northern realization like come on Josie
yeah clean this yeah I'm fine
yeah what's that that is the end of the
video
mum actually won this challenge like a
child are we going boys here is done a
good challenge or changes well there is
one more element I know we've got
another combat - I'm coming up and it's
going to be my favorite one where should
I make you guys a lot of that it's my
mama does it's Jupiter yeah you could be
defense - yes keep your eyes down for
that bothers you guys do enjoyed this
one let me know down in the comments if
you guys have an inny or an outy
it is over eating's right boys it is my
company is talking with anybody else
using it
let me know yeah
this bloke was wrong no jokes anyway
just aside I hope you guys enjoy 50
about the life subscribe down below
here's the winner jiu-jitsu loser I'm
sorry with me guys very very very soon
Wow
bye
