hi everyone and welcome back to my
channel now I am so happy to be sitting
here filming this video right now
because honestly I've been waiting for
this day for the longest time and just
waiting why do you think this moment
whatever happens here is we have all hit
1 million subscribers and I'm saying we
because it wouldn't be possible without
each and every one of you guys so that's
basically want to be following this
video today I get over a million
subscribers on this channel and it is so
surreal if you just doesn't even feel
real for me like I can't really get my
head round it and if you do follow my
daily channel you would have
seen in my reaction when it actually hit
1 million subscribers and I just burst
out into tears for policy it's so
amazing so if you guys haven't seen that
love I'm gonna link it down below for
the day that I did actually hit 1
million but also we're actually like
30,000 subscribers passed a million now
but it was two years ago today that I
actually started this channel which also
grows on mine that I kind of feel like
it's weird I kind of like I've been
doing YouTube forever at the same time
of it feels like I only just started
yesterday so to hit a million and to say
if I hit a million at 16 years old and
they does me I'm 17 now but I did hit it
at 16 like wow can't get my head right
there anyways without rambling on thank
you so much each and every one of you
guys for subscribing to this channel
honestly it does mean the world to me
and so that's why I want to do this
giveaway today I could have done like a
billion different things when I hit 1
million and Tibet as a kind of did like
I celebrated I got pranked
I got surprises by all of my friends and
my family and it was amazing I actually
wanted to do a video give him back to
you guys because as I said it won't be
possible without you all so I'm gonna be
doing a giveaway for you all this can be
three different winners because I want
to give back doing many of you guys as I
possibly courage and policy I think the
prizes are so so so amazing so I'm gonna
go through the prizes and then basically
tell you how you can win at the end of
the video and it's so so simple so now
I'm not you're gonna show you what you
can win and then I'm gonna tell you how
you want it and it's so simple if you're
watching me right now you you've really
much enter but stay on to the end of the
video so you can actually see how to win
but
the very first prize that I'm gonna be
giving away is drumroll please okay this
is so exciting so I've got a apple bag
here so these first prize I'm gonna be
givin away is actually an iPad Mini 2 so
I think this is the newest iPad it is
Space Gray I don't even know what color
icon it yeah it's in space great so I
thought it's like a good color for you
know however boy/girl mum dad whoever
you if you win it if you want to give it
to somebody it's just kind of like I'm
gonna hit myself in the face it's a
perfect color for anybody who doesn't
want an iPad and you love iPads and I
love just Apple products in general so
I'm super excited for anybody that
actually gets the chance to win this so
that's the first thing that I'm going to
be giving away so the second giveaway
which I'm so excited for if you're a
makeup lover like myself you are going
to love this giveaway now a moment sure
you can even buy this in stores anymore
but this is the naked urban decay bolt
now I absolutely love urban decay it's
on my favorite makeup brand and also I
literally just love all of their naked
palettes so so beautiful I have my hands
on a couple of them I actually don't
have like everything inside this box so
I'm very jealous to anybody that does
win this so this is what it looks like
inside it's really heavy it's gonna be
quite hard to show you but this is the
box you've got three different naked
palettes and then you've got the mini
naked flush palettes oh my gosh then
you've got three lip liners and then
you've also got three different like
liquid lipsticks as well these like
little mini like flush palettes they are
so cute this one's called native and you
kind of like open it up and it's a
bronzer you get a blush and you also get
a highlight as well so pretty much
you're getting like a full face or urban
decay makeup and the whole box is just
so beautiful overall so yes very I'm
back I'm just as excited to whoever wins
this one as the one in the fight in fact
that all of these prizes are amazing I
can't wait for people to win them so
yeah that is the second prize that I'm
going to be giving away the birds give
away the first thing that's two
different things so the first thing is
these GHD platinum tropics sky hair
straighteners now for straight nose I
always always always use ghd's because I
absolutely love them I have this pair
myself it's their newest peril I believe
they are absolutely gorgeous so this is
the ght case that I'm going to show you
actually what the head straighteners do
look like and even though they do look
amazing they actually are amazing as
well like my husband like this but like
all day I didn't actually have curly
hair so there are amazing straighteners
this is what hmm this is what they look
like they're white and then these are
kind of like feathers and just like
multicolored I think they're just all
come back multicolored like feathers if
some sort of like design but overall
it's just really cool and just a really
really really nice pair of straighteners
by I'm very excited again that you guys
Mattel I'm pretty excited
except told you like a thousand times
okay that is not just that for the third
giveaway there's also more things to go
for third giveaway so I picked up some
of my favorite makeup pieces from one of
my favorite maker websites which is
beauty base it's an online website and
basically everything is like this box
actually do you have myself because they
are my favorite makeup items and I
really want to share it with you guys so
that's why I'm going to be giving it
away so I'm gonna go for it kind of
quickly what I chose you guys so the
first thing being is the Anastasio
Beverly Hills glow kit this is absolute
but this is such a stunning palette
honestly like you get the best highlight
from it so and also it's really popular
as well so that's one of the first
things to go obviously with the hair
straighteners and then also inside the
clock now if you have an open thing
inside I'm gonna insert a picture I'll
show you guys somehow I also have this
brush there it's by morphe and it's just
over it I think it's like a 16 piece
brush that we pretty much get every
single brush that you can possibly think
of its own and then also one of my most
used i shadow palettes i do wear a lot
so how many of you guys ask me about it
this is the modern renascence palette
again at my Anastacio Beverly Hills and
I feel like this is also such a popular
palette as well that has so many
different pretty eyeshadow colors inside
so I'm also going to be giving that away
and then also you cannot go wrong with
official Beautyblender these things are
amazing is there every single day
finally for the third giveaway is
there's la splash diamond lipgloss the
reason I chose this is because as well
as it being such a pretty color if I
like it will kind of suit anybody so
it's like the pinky kind of like yeah
it's like a really like and a pink you
just glass that anybody can get away
with and the packaging is so beautiful I
love like the de Monte on the top and
it's just overall this is such a good
lip gloss so cannot wait again for you
guys to win this prize as well it's so
annoying because I just wish that I
could just give something to each and
every one of you like I wish I had more
things I could give away but I feel like
these prizes are really awesome and I
would definitely love to receive
anything I'm giving away as I said
everything I showed you is like all of
my favorite products so I hope you guys
do whoever wins them I really hope you
do love love love your prizes so there
are all the prizes now I'm actually
gonna get onto how you guys can win so
as I said it's literally just a massive
thank you to you guys so all you need to
do is so simple wisp you subscribe to
this channel which I'm sure you probably
are if you're watching this video right
now if you know you definitely should be
be subscribed to this channel be
subscribed to my second channel which is
at soccer Barker vlogs and then finally
just let me know down in the comments
what price you want to win and how I can
contact you so that might be social
media that might be an email address
whatever it may be
let me know down in the comments there's
no Chi 2 things you need to do so I hope
you guys do subscribe to both my
channels good luck to each and every one
of you
oh and the winner will be announced on
the 20th of august so you've got a
couple of weeks and the winners got to
be announced over on my second channel
so be there on my second channel August
the 20th good luck to you all and
hopefully very soon bye
