hey beautiful bunch of people welcome
back to my channel now for today's video
I'm actually so flippin excited because
I've always wanted ways but I've been
wanting to do this video for such a long
time now on my channel and today is a
day so I'm going to be testing wig
Beauty gadgets so I've got loads and
loads in front of me and trust me
they're weird
and I'm going to be testing me I got
them all from eBay and they were under
$10 now I save dollars because majority
of them I didn't get from the UK and I
had to buy them in dollars I'm actually
pretty excited because looking at them
they are very very weird if it work is
going to be amazing so I'm pretty
excited if you guys enjoy this video is
empty smash a like and also subscribe
down low if you guys haven't already try
and get this videos to 50,000 likes I
believe we can do it so specialized so
go and let's get into the video one well
this one basically I've got two things
that are kind of similar and these are
so disgusting well I don't even want to
put this on my face but this is one of
the things that I've got this is
claiming to be a face chin lift up mask
belt band cheeks lemon up mists
anti-aging wrinkle time it's also
claiming that is red to be great your
skin make your skin look healthy and you
to look more beautiful I've got a very
similar one this one covers the entire
face which pretty excited to wear this
not and the second thing I've got this
is just a chin Lister upper they are
claiming that you can do your house
chores all day long for an hour however
long you want to do it for where these
take it off beautiful chin lifts new
woman so let's give it again
period this is the in new offer this kid
version because these kids right now
loving life I mean it is the most
comfortable thing ever
I feel like I've got to go blind by the
end of this that infinity poked my eye
out
and also my toe this is just purely
embarrassing why this on the internet
but I'm going to get off my house chores
like this
there came over about an hour before us
40 minutes before this point is a bit to
be kidding me
oh how I feel like the idea of happening
my nose got bigger what oh no I think
I'm going to write this about a - ten
out of ten is painful you look
ridiculous and as a little white beach
is a physical bigger
what have you gotten intensive come on
we could totally turn this thing around
I'd rather face obsession for those
bringing up being the poles
yeah that's gobies hang in here and burn
someone's your Lackey so disappointed
still got a double chin if I other your
triple at this point don't like this
unmarked and let's face it we all want
to double chin so this actually was it
would have been amazing so I'm going to
do about three out of ten face direct
massage roller lift up v-line chin net
wrinkle remover massager now this is
claiming to do quite a lot this is what
arrived at my house and the packaging
doesn't really do it for me but I'm
hoping the product inside is what will
really do it for me so this is pretty
much what it looks like it's just like a
piece of plastic there's paint and then
it has like four different like spinning
ball boards on the end
now probably supposed to do is open it
up and then put it on the side of your
chin and just I guess you have to do the
water yourself which is from you know
that much over like a nice relaxing kind
of job but do you know what it's all
right I mean does everybody's doing
anything I think if I could be inclined
to have a massage in here you've got a
friend over or something you could you
could do it to each other maybe the nice
and left oh this actually feels good
like I mean it won't go as far as it's
doing anything but it actually fills all
right I gotcha both half-decent
I'm probably going to give this like a 5
this one Odyssey mostly now this goal
because this is people I can tell job
but it's activated charcoal
now I'm not like a farmer in charcoal or
Mikey
so hopping like I think it will work
because my toothpaste accompanied by a
cure in charcoal in that case nowadays
this might keep beforehand oh my
goodness only getting everywhere and
normally get so much like anywhere oh
this stuff from my horrible ah oh no no
no I'm not one edge or means that I
actually don't really attraction don't
hate it's a bit like so it's a usually
edible so I mean I can't exactly see
what might keep complete in the black
right now but whatever goes editing a
video comparing it I can actually have a
little more complete search bar actually
looks like all right some such things
again so there's mess itself is like and
knows other tricks so much math and use
it opening it you saw her like awful
that was overall at least if this does
work I think I'm going to give it about
a 7 out of 10 but is the mess is a no-go
nourish lips remove dead skin prevent
dry moisturizing features moisturizes
the skin removes red skin for dry
undernourished
lips this is claiming to do a lot as
well so these are cheek do not this
definitely wins on the pathogen for me
so far because look of lip and cute it
looks like nice like pink sealed you
know easy easy transport I think I write
on the back something like Chinese
Japanese but it does save me for 15
minutes so I'm just gonna open this baby
and I put it on my lips oh it's like oh
it's like slimy and sucked over me
wait what this is no worries expecting
it's like jelly so here is
right now I'm going to put it on for 15
minutes and then we're going to come
back and we're gonna compare as it is
phone just broken on me you're going to
watch when someone half and half 50
working I'd like to get back together uh
I mean I don't really feel like they
change much I mean if it had I guess
it's probably just the lighting or
something I think I'm probably going to
give this like before actually it comes
from out of three to be honest
now this or bottom of me my most
expensive out of all the products i
actually bought and this is a little
more plump in that lash mascara it is
what it's going to be insane other one
is going to work but this one is if you
want the action looks like so I have to
remove my mascara on my why I am a
Jewish community so the concepts of
mascara and battery which I'm so happy
about attitude doesn't come with either
some haven't you buy only yes do you
want it here and whispers all the scar
goes on oh okay well of course we can't
be quite many so here it goes
I've got mascara actually on my wand and
you kind of just twist like either
whether you want to spit different very
fast it's always been faster but so I'm
doing it right now and honestly is
better than I thought it would be
however is a lot of effort to go to but
I mean it has definitely made my lashes
like doing something so if I had no
mascara and just the only thing I had
that I would use it but I mean it's just
such effort to go through honestly and
it's more specific than a mascara so
everyone if that is the end of the video
I hope you all enjoy and in this battle
for these to work some of them have
shocked me a little bit and there were
actually really fun to test out and I
really enjoyed making this video so if
you guys enjoyed then you know is that
if you what to do smash' like and
subscribe down below and also if you
want to be a part two then you also know
what to do
$50 like I believe we can do this and
yeah
that's pretty much was it for me
hopefully I'll see you guys on my
channel very very soon
Wow bye oh really confuse you still love
me you know what idiot she stole our she
still loves me like I'm Ricky what
aren't you pretty sad that a guy
