hey beautiful bunch of people welcome
back to my channel now a for today's
video I'm actually going to be testing a
new look makeup I'm so excited for this
ok wait look I've never actually had the
chance to try new lip makeup before so
this like video is an excuse to buy it
so I'm so excited I'm gonna give you
guys my complete honest opinions on this
makeup I how about you don't like a
couple of videos similar to this with
other brands before and you guys seem to
like freaking love them so I'm gonna
leave those down below if you guys to
check out if you want to after this
video but yeah it's been so highly
requested so if you all enjoy then
please match a big thumbs up and also
subscribe it down below if you guys
haven't already also go subscribe to my
daily buggin channel as well because I'm
gonna leave that down below and a vlog
every single day because that's what a
daily vlogger is
do you know have you ever had it when
like sometimes like I go to flick my
hair as a joke and like I have my hair
in a bun it's like it's so annoying but
I have a have a pony so I can actually
full my hair now but yeah anyways I'm so
just like rambling off topic I hope you
guys enjoy and let's get in to the video
great so I'm gonna start off with a
primer this is a illuminating primer so
I think this is gonna be like perfect
for my skin because I love primers ok I
just dropped it I love primers that I
like very moisturizing I've said this so
many times I don't really have like
particularly dry dry skin but I just I
like my skin feeling moisturize you know
so it comes in like this squeezy little
tube which is really nice because it's
easy to get it out so I've got like the
white cream on my hand and oh it is very
moisturizing actually it's like a serum
is what it feels like on my skin so so
far so good as far as the primer goes I
mean you can't really judge it I'm just
like wiping this one over my face I
can't really judge it much until you
know all of my makeups on my face but
it's definitely very moisturizing right
so moving
to foundation so this see no shine and
mattifying foundation overall with the
packaging I really like it it's very
standard it's very simple there isn't
really much to it but I definitely
prefer like you know more like simple
packaging rather than just too
over-the-top and just like tacky overall
so yeah I picked up this foundation I'm
loving the packaging so I actually have
obviously I like a sneak a look at this
now I actually the one thing I love
about this which a lot of people will
definitely dislike it's this actually
stick foundation so there's not like a
pump to apply it but I don't know why
but I really have a thing about stick
foundations I actually love them because
it's so much easier to apply the product
to your skin you just literally wipe it
on and it's just so easy so oh god it's
like spilling everywhere so the first
thing you have to say about this is I'm
definitely loving the fact that it's a
stick foundation I have no idea if this
is my shade or not because the dip
really good chance inside new look to
actually try it out so this is in the
shade natural beige I'm really hoping it
works
I've actually got like a tan on my body
so I'm really hoping it matches to my
neck color rather than my actual face
color so that's what I'm hopefully
hopefully that's how it's gonna match so
I'm just gonna wipe this on now as you
can see it's just so easy to apply on
your face like the product just comes
out so much better with a stick I just I
just love it I love applying foundation
like this okay
right it's all on my face now I've saved
the color one suspended it will actually
look really good so I'm gonna be
applying this with my damp Beauty
Blender and just you know dumping it
around so far it's oh my goodness it's
blending really nicely actually I'm
really liking this I'm all sure this is
also down to the primer because the
primer was very moisturizing so I think
that definitely has something partly to
do with this but it's blending so nicely
and I think I think I fit it to light
lighter shade now is only because my
neck is very dark but we were we will
make do what we've got also do you know
what that one mistake I think I've made
is I think I've actually applied too
much to my
because I think with this foundation a
little definitely goes a long way and
it's blending look how it blends that's
actually amazing I'm just I'm so annoyed
at myself and I'll get in a darker shade
it looks so dark inside the packaging so
if I was you guys definitely go for a
darker shade than what it looks in the
packaging or if you have time just try
it out in the shop again say hey it's
the foundation that honestly blended on
my skin so quickly and I don't really
want to like keep comparing brands but
if I compare this to the H&M foundation
that I tried last week I definitely
prefer the new look one on their thing
they're around the same price it's about
like mid drugstore kind of price I would
say I think it was $7.99 I might be
wrong I'm gonna leave like the prices
somewhere on the screen but yeah I
definitely prefer this foundation
because they're blended on my skin so
nicely it was so easy to apply it was so
quick my skin it was so moisturized like
a little goes a long way and it
definitely doesn't feel cakey as well
like I would definitely use that
foundation again and I said I've got the
H&M one last week so this one is pretty
good okay so moving on it's you can see
that I'm gonna be using this cover and
protect concealer crayon now I'm insane
for me personally crayons have a never
worked for me because I just find it so
hard to blend so I mean this could like
shock me I really don't think I want to
have like I don't know I have a good
positive force on this but just crayons
have never really worked out for me but
just gonna kind of like you know just
not even just you know just keep
straight away in my honest opinion as if
I've never I've never used this before
firstly I wish I got a lighter shade but
they were completely out of stock this
was the only one left and they did
actually also have liquid concealers for
they had actually they're actually out
of stock as well so this is literally
the only concealer I could find in the
store but this is gonna have to do I
think it's definitely easy to apply
those so we're gonna give it a go I'm
gonna apply some underneath my eye oh
actually it's quite a good shade I guess
it is a little bit lighter than my
foundation so that's good
really like in the shade of it so far
and it definitely is very easy to apply
however the only thing is that I'm
worried about as if it's actually easy
to blend however I kind of really
doubted myself because this is a lot
easier to apply than I was expecting it
to be normally they're really hard but
that's gone on my face really really
nicely so I'm gonna put a little bit on
my chin it's really hard to see how much
I'm putting on though like I think I'm
put like way too much under my eye but
hey hi so I'm gonna put a little bit
going up my nose and then I'm gonna put
a little bit on my forehead as well when
I say a little bit I basically mean
quite a lot I've got quite a lot on my
face but it's all good okay so I'm gonna
go in with my Beauty Blender and try and
blend oh my god hey this is actually
blending a lot better than I was
expecting it to I really doubted myself
on this this honestly this I genuinely
think is one of the best concealer
crayons I've used because normally
everytime I use a concealer crayon or
every time I've tried to use a concealer
crayon it's just so hard to blend I
don't know what it is I think just cause
isn't they're quite thick and heavy so
that's why they're really hard to blend
and it I mean it definitely is making my
makeup look a little bit more cakey but
it's blending a lot nicer than I thought
it was so I'm disappointed in myself
saffron come on I'm so doubted myself
with this concealer but actually it's
blending a lot better than I was
expecting it to right so this is the
concealer blended on my skin honestly
it's definitely brightened my skin up
it's definitely a brightening like
concealer it's really done the job and
I'm actually really I'm really surprised
honestly I'm actually really liking that
I believe it was 399 I'm actually glad
that the lip we can see this will run
out because now that's actually giving
me hope with crayon concealers I
actually genuinely really like that now
I'm actually going to go on with a
contour palette and this is the contour
powder shading kit and I believe it has
a contour a bronze and a high
shade I really like the fact that it has
a mirror as well it's so much nicer the
fact that it has a mirror I literally
hate palettes that don't because if
you're like ever running late for
anything up on the train you just want
to like sit yourself out and you don't
have a mirror it's like so frustrating I
think I'm gonna mix the darkish Brown
and then the more of the light lightish
Bay she kind of Brown together to get
that like perfect kind of bronze on my
face okay I'm gonna go in with the
contour brush I didn't actually really
wanna get new look makeup brushes I
might do that as a separate video but I
wanted to use brushes that I knew kind
of like what does that make sense
so then I just basically be focusing on
the makeup so that's why but I'm gonna
be mixing at these colors together and
I'm just going to be applying it where I
would normally contour my face which
would be my cheekbones the only thing
with powders is it's so hard to get in
the right place so that literally just
looks like a big blob of like brown on
my cheek but when it's blended like
it'll be fine but it's pretty much
impossible to get a dead straight line
when it's a powder so I'm trying my
hardest guys I've also applied some on
my jaw line and then I'm gonna apply a
little bit on my forehead as well again
I walk the London after this is a lot
darker than I was expecting it to be
this is gonna take a lot like you said
to be blending really quickly on my skin
but I think I definitely should have
just used the lighter shade because look
how flipping and dark that is a beloved
kind of had a color issue in this video
by the times blended guys is gonna be
all good this is the console blended
into my skin as much as I really could
blend into my skin if they did so easily
I feel like so far I literally have
nothing bad to say about new lip makeup
apart from the fat in the brighton store
where I actually went to find the makeup
pretty much all of it was sold out so
maybe like if you know your shapes and
stuff maybe like rabbit online or
whatever now I know I didn't actually
just contour my face but honestly I'm
not even joking I went it's a new look
and I was looking at the highlighter I
always look at the highlighters first
because it's like my favorite thing ever
and I saw like all the plushies and the
bronzers and the shimmers and oh wow so
I never ever ever use like a bronzing
shimmer but honestly because I fell in
love with the packaging and just the way
this load I honestly just like couldn't
resist so I'm gonna be applying some of
this like bronze shimmer on my face as
well just because is so flippin pretty
the bronzers the blushes are the
highlighters are literally insane like
I'm obsessed and I haven't even tried
them yet I just I really hope they're
gonna be as pigmented as they look okay
it comes out really flippin dark and
it's so shimmery part of me wishes that
I didn't applied see what I really tried
to not apply that much but I I've got
way too much on okay I feel like this is
going to take a lot of blending though
so the blusher is actually so so pretty
it's so shimmery I'm really hoping it's
as pigmented as it looks I actually got
the one in the shade pale blush I was so
undecided for such a long time because
all the blushes are literally so so
stunning and we want to make I love a
little bit of shimmer so my first
impressions is really really nice
however it's not really given much blush
it's really just giving a shimmer like
honestly just looks like a pinky toned
highlighter so this isn't as amazing as
I thought it would be because I thought
it maybe I should have got like a darker
shade pink but really this could be
highlighter I feel like now when I put
highlighter on my face I'm literally
just gonna look like a hot shimmery mess
right so this is the highlighter that I
picked up this is in the shade pink pow
so I guess it has I don't know it looks
more like whitish you're more alive but
I guess it's gonna have some sort of
like pinky toned to it so let's take a
look this highlighter so pigmented so
pretty I actually love this guys look at
that that is what you call a good
highlighter my cheek is like glowing let
my cheekbones stand out so much when I
have highlighter on it I literally I
cannot go a day without because I feel
so bad when I don't want highlighter
so with everything that I've used on my
face so far I'm actually really
pleasantly surprised with how well was
turned out and how easily everything's
blended the only thing that I'm a little
bit disappointed in is the blusher
because I was so excited about and
honestly it just looked like a
highlighter it was literally just pure
shimmer there was no like pinky tone to
really in it I'm now I'm gonna go in
with eyes I don't actually fill in my
eyebrows really because I actually I
mentioned this in last week's video but
I've actually got my eyebrows micro
blade it's like semi tattooed so I don't
really have I need to brush them into
place but I don't actually really need
to fill them in right now I'm gonna move
on it to eyes shadow now there were I
think there was like six different
options with the eye shadow palette so
there was like a quite a big range for
like eyeshadow colors and like the
options which is really really good this
palette oh my goodness I can't open it
but I am totally obsessed now the only
issue with this palette is it doesn't
actually have a name for the shadows so
I'm just gonna go in with this one here
whatever the hell it's called it's gonna
make a brownie pinky ashtray and I guess
I'm just gonna apply this all over my
lid I'm really not like an eyeshadow
master so I'm really not gonna go like
above and beyond with this eye look I'm
no just gonna blend this in all over my
eyelid just those like a really simple
look you know this color is actually so
pretty it's so so natural and just I
don't know there okay I'm just gonna
honestly this is like the most basic
look ever if I'm late you're just gonna
go in with like this pink kind of like
shimmer here which is really really
pretty and I'm just gonna apply some on
the lower of my eyelid and then also in
the corner of my eyes as well the only
thing I would say is there is a lot and
a lot of full bag with this eyeshadow
that literally it's just like crumbling
my face is getting that gives getting
more emotion on it as this makeup
routine goes on I'm honestly gonna be
glowing Goodis suppose into this
antimony is for the first time ever I
don't know there's gonna be a good thing
no I didn't
cup and eyeliner and I did actually pick
up four C's but I did pick up a mascara
and this mascara is the full / extreme
Volume Mascara and there was actually
quite a big variety when it came to
mascaras and it was about like four or
five options and it was I think it was
like four or five options so there was
like a big variety like considering its
mascara so this is kind of the one that
I really really liked and I'm just gonna
apply this to illusions so far I'm
really liking this mascara because it's
definitely given them a lot of length
without making it look really comfy and
they're really nice and spread out so
I'm definitely all about this mascara
okay so this is the mascara overall I'm
actually really feeling it especially
because usually I always wear falsies
and there were no forces that I even
wanted to try on my face because I want
to see the false eyelashes just really
there weren't good my honest opinion I
really didn't like them they were just
they were like smaller than my natural
lashes so it's just like now I just
largest pass without them but for the
mascara they've definitely given them a
lot of length and they definitely spread
my eyelashes out as well they're not too
clumpy especially because I felt like I
always have a problem when it comes to
mascara I end up always making my masks
are really comfy so they've definitely
like spread them out and giving them a
lot of length so I'm really feeling them
I'm now going to go onto our last step
which is actually in lipstick now I've
got two different options because I was
so undecided on what lipstick to go for
because there was two different styles
now there is the super matte liquid
lipsticks and then there is also the
this is the amount velvet lip stick
crayon and I actually love lipstick
crowns as well and I literally I'm
obsessed with this color so I'm going to
give you two different looks so this is
what the crown looks like pretty much
just like a crayon but let's actually
give this a go
so this is the lipstick crayon that I've
actually got on my lips right now is the
longer powerfully than I was expecting
it to be but it was so easy to apply it
because it's like really really creamy I
think I'm actually just gonna apply the
pink over the top I think I can kind of
like ombre this and I think it could
look really cool so I'm now gonna go in
with the super matte liquid lipstick
okay I'm gonna give this lipstick
oh the packaging of this is like so
exciting it looks so much more expensive
than it actually is which is like always
a good thing you know so I'm gonna like
put this in the middle my lips and kind
of Umbria I've lost them on my turn this
is a lot more pink than I was expecting
but it's so nice I just don't know how
I'm gonna ombre this I've actually
living for this color now now with that
lipstick it actually dried matte really
really quickly now I'm gonna give the
good old kiss test does he even actually
works okay
the only thing is look it's supposed to
I mean I've left it for about 40 seconds
maybe and it feels kind of dry but
obviously I don't know maybe I should
have waited a little bit longer but look
it's still like but it's still left and
lip print on my hand so it is like the
best matte liquid lipstick I've ever
tried cuz I know if you guys have
actually tried the Kylie liquid matte
lipsticks they are unbelievable like you
kissed your hand after 5 seconds and no
a product would like print onto your
hand so this is like the best macaron
lipstick I've ever tried but the formula
is really really nice and again easy to
apply and it is actually really pretty
shade overall and I know what you think
they kind of you know blend do quite
nicely as well so this is the end result
so hope you all enjoyed this video
my overall opinions on new lip makeup I
actually really really wrote it
everything's so easy to apply a couple
of the things I tried were Marie the
colors that they actually looked in the
packaging so I mean that's the only
downfall of the makeup the fact that
yeah the colors were really well they
look like so Deb
you're gonna try a new lip makeup I
would say you know actually tried the
colors in the store before you go home
and try it on because the shades are a
little bit different when you actually
try them on your skin compared to what
they look like in the packaging overall
I really did like using this makeup if
there's any more brands that you guys
want to see me test out then please let
me know down below because I've always
looking through comments I'm gonna be
replying to your comments in this video
so smash a like subscribe down below as
well if you guys haven't already but yes
that is it for me that's what I'm
rambling on and hopefully I will see you
guys very very soon ma bye
