thank you you ready yeah let's do it
let's do it we need to stop doing same
voice see my channel this is literally
take it looks like fight Shakespeare we
are in so long
so requested ever so pigmented today I'm
going to Anastasia and I passed my test
I had to don't know how many months ago
on a while ago yeah far while ago now
well not that long for some people but
feels like a while some things we need
to go and do food always hungry if it
was my choice I think everybody would
take three guesses where I want to go
with this trip Donald Anna and I was
saying like this is our favorite Justin
Bieber album advice so good I don't even
care of you and I just be but this is so
good always such a good out while of
there
don't do it to me
Oh me to do that it's so bad oh oh my
green little co-sleeping up the carton
isobaric oh my god oh my god is also a
crane fly on my window that's not great
either Wow okay right one thing that I
really want to know it's a question a
lot right one thing that annoys us about
each other just the timing can be a
little bit off sometimes when you know
like we're gonna meet at 4:00 we had a
meeting at 6:00 yeah what you know what
I mean but the thing I don't like I
actually don't like deliberately you're
very you're ready Olivia to the
yeah like I don't know would it easy
Tommy I'll quite an hour and somehow I
managed to tailor to like I just don't
even know how it happened that's the
only thing that I get annoyed I'm not
surely there must be something else so I
really volunteer you Lenny seriously
yeah I think one thing that annoys me
about you you know what annoys me about
you is one item you are too nice to
people's face and it's focused straight
ting some will be nasty to her and
she'll just let then I'll show you live
and it's so frustrating I know that I am
like that though
and I just can't help it like I know
that sometimes I can just be too nice so
we talking about someone you're like
they've said this about me they said
that about me I know then you go and be
friends with them and I literally like
what oh this is quite tasty one as we
pull up to McDonald which is like
we're gonna answer that probably the
juiciest question of them all which is
definitely asked a lot and it is the
myth half our only friends the YouTube
and to get to money true we're pulling
into Madonna let's hang out if I could
visit you so many pigeons and I'm scared
I'm gonna run them over
do you know what you want because I
don't know I was thinking about that
like normally we have time to think
about you know I won here we are rocking
up I'm really hungry can I get a Big Mac
with a coke please cool we just ordered
our food and I am hungry
that looks insane different yes oh it's
a double double both isn't that like a
bigger actually wish I got that now okay
so the next question is what annoys you
about your fans honestly there isn't
actually anything that annoys me about
and can we first of all say Anna and I
both I'm most speaking for the both of
us we both hate calling you guys fans
the only time I probably call Francis if
I don't know I was putting fans in a
title because a lot of people don't know
that in America and stuff they would
never I'm saying this have viewers you
see boring YouTube yeah but we always
yeah always always always that
technically what you are you're a viewer
you're not exactly a fan even if you say
you are
I know it's game for you guys to say it
just made me not ask I don't know I just
find it weird to say I don't know
yeah absolutely sound my big head in
Lusaka
see what's going on and I know I'm
better sleeping on my own cause if you
like the way you look that no baby you
should go love yourself oh I actually
would say anything annoys me about our
fans because they're a fan of us or if
they're a few of us then they obviously
enjoy watching our content which is like
obviously the nicest thing ever
the thing that annoys me most about fans
which I hate on them when I'm out for
dinner right
I don't yeah I'm going on with my family
and I'm eating my food
yeah and somebody come and ask me for a
photo that's the only time it annoys me
because I'm sat down and I'm trying to
eat and it's happened quite a few times
when I'm living at my mum Atticus and
we're just trying to have a family
dinner after any other time it's just
when I'm eating food I hope people do
that as well but then I've also had
people that are so sweet and they're
like oh I wanted to come over but I so
he was eating so I waited were laughter
personally I know that I would never
gone to somebody when they was eating
food well I do you have a different one
I mean I actually agree with you on that
but the one thing that annoys me is when
people just assume things like all the
time like if I don't see Ana for two
days we fell now or now yeah we foulon
any relationship anymore for now yeah
it's just so annoying I guess it comes
with like I don't know when I watch
someone I become obvious like I
generally come obsessive them like I
wish Vampire Diaries and I would I get
the whole obsessive thing but it's so
frustrating which is assumed start
people think I'm not friends of people
think I'm not friends of Roxie because I
haven't seen her in a week but everybody
lives so far from each other yeah
everyone is so far from each other and
everyone has different lives that's the
thing about the one big happy family
Wow non PD cyber are you sure yes oh my
goodness I've really wanted to answer
this okay so while we're still sat still
this question has been everywhere Annie
are you not so PG off of camera are you
just PT for the camera etc etc the
reason I really wanted to answer this is
because personally I do think we are
really really really similar to what we
like on camera now obviously it is only
what like 20 minutes of our day and we
edit it how we want to edit here and I'm
not gonna lie
we are definitely not as PG as we are on
camera I love like hands down yeah like
I never film when I go out drinking but
the reason why is because I wolf okay
say this for an example if I ran my mom
and dad or my grandparents or any of my
family members I would never swear
because it's rude and it's the way that
I've been brought up and I do swear but
only if like I don't know I'm in a fine
situation my friend or we're joking
around or whatever but it's that same
sort of thing just because you're not
surrenders I mean you're being fake it
just means that you're deciding to not
put that out there out of manners and
being polite do you know what I mean I
will hands down a mere I swear a lot
yeah a lot I do have a fairly bad mouth
and I do have I find a lot of dirty
things funny enough not quite like a
dark sort of humor yeah not that I would
sit there in my mukbang nobody astray
like I wouldn't sit and say that I'm
actually gonna get do you monetize
Wow oh my god
so the next question is the fact that me
and staff are only friends reviews and a
friend it's a true no joking honestly
the people who think that I don't
understand where people get their
assumptions from and what have we ever
done to portray that our friendship fate
or that wearing it for the money or that
we're friends for the views I don't
understand we haven't even made a video
together for months
no but he's actually been months it's
actually almost upsetting that people
think yeah I come and say it yours and
we don't even film like you're not even
lock sometimes we're degenerate just
spending time with each other if the
years you've actually saw the real sight
our friendship when they do see but like
not know when we're at like doing we
were like are crazy music having laugh
and fit and they so the actual real us
nobody would think it I know this is
hard because we're not just gonna have a
camera on well I know exactly but I
don't think people realize how close we
are and also how supportive I think
we're so supportive of each other which
is actually one of my favorite things
about our friendship it's analogical
we'd pick each other up and how much we
help each other out which is obviously a
shame that you guys can't see that yet
because we're not just going yeah it's
just hard to show this everything of a
friendship and everybody wants to know
everything but suppose you just can't
I'm not just saying this suffering is
literally like my best friend like you I
doubt you don't know what I'd do without
you know same like the other day if you
saw my video where I done like the
asking assumption kind of thing you
would see there's this guy that I like
whatever and I'm like until Anna meets
him and decides whether she likes him or
not like literally you have to like my
boyfriend otherwise I know they know
every way we would design that because
for the team
been on a couple of dates like we were
which is so weeks both of us at the same
time which i think is really strange but
like vice-versa like if someone doesn't
like my diner fine about yours and it
just won't work crazy and actually on
that topic Anna everyone keeps asking if
Anna and I are in a relationship and
when I say everyone I would say is our
most asked question like are you
secretly by are you secretly gay I don't
understand what an awesome
I so far I don't I mean I know we're
pretty close but they but we have
realized we're not a relationship no
we're not dating
no we're not dating although would date
you Anna I would do I love you I love
you I would date you anyways we are
heading home now we are gonna go so hope
you guys sit in during this video give
an enter as we're actually driving home
don't get a big thumbs up and subscribe
down below and if you have any more
questions or if you ever want us to do
another Drive at me let me know if you
ever will meet to another Drive with me
let me know everything else I know in a
anyways you can't actually go and check
out another I believe are down below
secretly she actually really wants to be
two o'clock we are going to be able but
buying over an honest rhino and other
pressures and stuff so I leave it down
below don't forget to go and check her
out anyways thank you for watching and
we'll see you guys very very very soon
what do you think my vlog channel more
cuz the game and got a bit so um and
then my main everything's bleeding up on
that now so we could just you know
Instagram might be good because we're
getting close to 450 do you even nearly
got 50 likes yes no it's on 60 now
really something so if you do that and
then in my video
yeah only if you return where this was
gonna be dead okay get us find set go I
wonder how many people actually believe
that Gowen sighs I think I do
