hi Stephy hi Freddie
I'm about tonight and I really need
somebody to my makeup I got fracture and
was my way time and welcome back to my
channel now for this video I have my
little cousin here who it's so adorable
Friday and holding Freddie for four
years old and what we'll be doing today
that does make my makeup I am so excited
for this because Freddie has been
telling everybody this like technique
where she puts lipstick on the eyebrows
so like I'm really excited violet
are you excited yeah it should be really
really good fun it so I put all of my
makeup laid out here and Freddie's going
to be doing it for me today so Freddie
what sort of look are you going to go
for today and your finish burn you're
taking Reggie some of this also on the
foundation
oh I like it and you think in like a by
shadow color like what your main color
you thinking like pinky but gold with
below or color you thinking a little
green green oh wow I don't even know if
I've got many green but I'm straw
somehow we can find some greens for this
makeup okay I'm excited so I hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you do that
watch they need to do that make sure you
can get out too far yes give it a thumbs
up but also you know I also need to do I
need to subscribe down below there you
go so much as I can subscribe down below
I hope you guys enjoy it and let's get
into this makeup this Freddie told me
she's going to use this primer to start
with Regina how to use it like this is
what I use on my face every single day
and it sprays a so perfect like this I
love you okay cool so shy for these on
so might scrape my hair back my ears are
on go for it so what was waiting to shut
my eyes which want me to do tell us when
did you switch on for you this way I
came a day oh thank you right so you're
gonna pop it is all sided to leave it
leave it
oh good day what you thinking neck no I
think I'll do this only that one okay do
you know what it says this is
the Connect foundation to everybody on
the screen you're using Oh what you're
going to do just put it on my face and
rub it in with your hands or a brush you
put on your hand sir
okay cool or you go to the little brush
oh wow
oh pretty that's so nice
you don't meet using my technique so you
basically just put the brush all over my
face so if you have to stick and I'll
put that on my face there you go whoa
how does anybody's makeup before no no
you told me you have some people's
makeup before we could it be nothing
Freddie I'm going to put get your black
yeah to my blush are you - no what about
this in yeah okay so what brush you're
gonna show put on the camera what
brushes and rub it in words let's brush
this rash okay look what small brush
again oh I like here I cannot wait to
see the end result I'm just gonna run
this is that Francaise and I've done
this I ain't gonna do her eyes my eyes
Oh drain you go for green now what is it
well I don't have green in my palette
but look at all of these cool drawings
any of these colors
alright orange okay right here's your
here's the Paladin this friend that
first set was actually wear eye shadow
where yeah oh okay so there's a lot of
like people--men on my eyes right now it
is really nice
I've never done my eye shadow that quick
in my life okay we get it like orange
another color or another brush I need
you this purple one that purple one
there oh and where you applying this on
the top of my eyelid or at the bottom or
just everywhere both nice right we think
your neck then select my lipstick ready
okay so what kinda sticky thinking
rattle OH
purple
another guitar on a real hot purple
Safran is really good
from that powerful why did why we chose
not powerful because it napkin it makes
the eyes
Wow okay good at the lipstick for me to
open my mouth believe it like that okay
I think it's really good I reckon I
think it's good I think it's good
good night Wow sapphire I'm a scholar I
use my my eyes even more pretty okay now
to return again what mascara you've got
this one this one and that is the
Maybelline cat's eye mascara can you say
that maybe a cat eye mister there you go
you tell me let me just shut my eyes
ricky them open so shut burn them shut
them okay I think you needed a blusher
oh there you go do what this one yeah
yes I get it she lands you know where
you put blusher priority so I think you
have some zombies makeup before I knew
food be enough my maker
oh okay are you put loaded John and
loads on my cheek yeah you don't really
blue see that message flashing oh thank
you maybe some bones are yes yes you
know where you put prongs oh my okay
what about this panic did I need prompts
like the look of these ones Bradley to
go underneath depression hahahaha
underneath look like that okay so what
washing you're going to choose this
brush okay so show them a quite small
brush I'm a eunuch right you know in
vacuo so fire I can imagine this looks
so pretty do nice like circular motions
as well then upon to darkness I
everything down there is it for now
we're going on with highlighter
yes so this is what you kind of put on
your face laughs and this is to make me
look ooh sparkly yeah my glittery oh
pretty other side for my forehead yeah
it's a pendulum on the brush
there you go once for head I like it
what about that I don't this on my nose
and on my chin I'm gonna put some there
as well thank you oh I forgot the
eyebrow I need this brush and lip
palette so Freddie what was it might be
doing your makeup before crazy because I
said stay cool or my fall am righty oh
my goodness I'm all kind of missing you
pink pink oh wow a bit pretty though
yeah yes yeah thanks so much my day oh I
don't know you make sure they get a
mirror yes please I would love to have a
look in the mirror I'm excited do you
think I'm gonna like it yeah yeah are
you ready I am ready wow I look really
pretty Liza's do you think I store my
makeup like this every day
yeah yeah yeah what they hear or think
it looks like I mean I think it looks
good so guys that is the end of a video
I hope you all enjoyed now before you
actually go crazy does actually modeling
over her Instagram page don't you and if
you wanted to go check it out yeah do
you don't really call your pictures yeah
what they're going to do is I gotta
follow you finally oh my it again go
follow her on Instagram I'm gonna be
reached down below for you guys to go
and check out but yeah hope you guys
enjoyed and hopefully I'll see very soon
with another video mwah say bye bye
