and today we're going to be testing
Starbucks secret menu obviously I use
the work of Starbucks only it's a pro
all season Starbucks profession yes
you've made the drinks you've never had
the chance to try them right right I
don't buzzing for this and I do just
want to clarify I never have coffee so
I'm gonna be off the walls after this by
the end of this video we're gonna be
like hyper as hell okay I thought we'd
already wearing the right clothing no I
don't feel Starbucks if I be true
especially use the working star pods you
cannot be doing with this camo I think
we should change up a little bit
wait look don't you feel so much better
so much I'm ready for this video already
also I need you to fill that behind the
scenes I'm over on my vlog channels to
go flick up down there or down below
always think down below and we also
filmed a video over an NES channel so go
check that out as well but as well for
ado let's get into this it was the first
drink what is this this is the Rosie's
friend to you I actually love roses
everyone oh my that's what is it
struggle on right just go ahead
strawberry sauce and stuff inside so I'm
going to try this we need two straws
right today Lou I think a little cream
actually I'm waiting to say goodbye do
for sake of the video that is one of the
best streets I think I've genuinely ever
tried so he's out gonna get like an
instant right in step 10 out of 10 that
is a strawberry chocolate roses yes
like that but it legit does yeah it is
so good water rating I'm going for a 8.5
okay try this it's so good thank you
I raise that for this one it's the
cookie dough I'm excited to try this one
yes I love cookie dough you ready
yes three two that's good isn't it
extremely tasty that's really strong why
he's getting that I don't need to get
another sip on this see I'm right about
higher than the roses one
all right higher up but it is really
good because it's really strong which I
really like about it yes we are coming
in for the big one the big one you will
be buzzing our eyes will actually be off
the walls you know I think we should
finish the drink even though I'm
probably gonna hate it but we did this
down I'm kind of not you all fight let's
just do it anyway but this is this is
liquid cocaine
it's just espresso shots and white mocha
syrup which might not go serve as the
most as though has a much sugar in of
all the syrups yeah no milk literally
nothing else so I'm gonna be optimal
here is the big one it was actually the
smallest one out of every single cup
that we've got but here is liquid
cocaine no no we're gonna try in the
trunk like we even tell them what is
this ready three two one no oh look at
this actually vial stop doing it towards
you cuz it bends washer oh that's so
strong oh it's so strong even though I
got these and burning I feel like
there's no burning right that he's so
much strong I feel like I'm gonna go
crazy
I really like a you really like yeah no
I already did you like this dress you
like me yes how else we're dead guys
this is this no my hands so you were
gonna be off the walls can you can you
copy someone I'm gonna give that and his
actually got tears in his eyes right now
oh this one looks good this is clearly
Oreo you doing about that that is so
good that is really good that she does
nice like oh yes it does wait does it
yes wait wait just the aftertaste I
don't think it does then you have to
taste
I don't know is he tastes like the audio
crumples in it but I do actually just
think it tastes broody similar to the
cookie dough one yeah I think I prefer
the cookie dough one change that was
good
yeah 7.5 go for an 8 winning at the
moment we've got the roses the cookie
dough is definitely better than the Oreo
however they are really similar but by
very tasty drywall
I've been affected right the next week
angelarts a little bit different
obviously it's a hot drink so had to be
in a different
so this looks like a weak hot chocolate
but apparently it's a Nutella drink
going on here that's as far as I mean
you really shouldn't be drinking anymore
this doesn't no caffeine in it yes many
Ramin that's just like a vial was Green
why is it cool not telling you it's got
no notes better inside if they probably
peed in a hot chocolate
they might rubber man in the you can't
read on the drink and then literally
like a so someone's got hot water but
mother knit yeah pretty much the better
if you choose them between this and a
hot chocolate definitely go for a hot
chocolate because this is horrible and
it has nothing to do have Nutella so why
is it good neither my favorite
understand there's also on the Starbucks
secret menu there's also a drink called
pink drink it's blue and I'm like how
and why we give this a 2 so idiot we are
on our last drink this one I think was
the first when we originally chose we
wanted to do this is s'mores yes I love
s'mores but I don't think it's gonna
taste marshmallow a at all looks really
when you compare it to all the other
drinks that you've tried it looks like
really strong chocolate so I think as
I'm a chocoholic I should love this one
all right ready
very good sorry ready I'm not too sure
grim I'm not too sure why I do not enjoy
that personally oh I like that do you
really yeah it's a picture although it
doesn't taste like s'mores I thought is
that pumpkin tsunami pumpkin
we off today I think so anyway I don't
need this s cause I'm gonna give this a
six I'm giving that a three three
yeah oh you betcha why don't you I like
it like hmm when you pair it to the
other one
this is like basically this just like a
weird taste
don't go in it just it doesn't basically
was the video I thought the stop box pro
now in again yes yes Miami Starbucks
while I was he was and you downgrade
didn't that's not true
so obviously the Starbucks secret menu
you can't make all of them in anything
because they have different syrups in
America yeah we tried pretty much
everyone I mean overall I actually
enjoyed doing this challenge it was
actually really cool to find out like
thanks at a loss if you think we should
do this again in America yes there's not
in the comments I will choice to drink
yes
you know your favorite Starbucks drink
that you've ever tried down in the
comments and for though you're not only
going to cut any this video that's gonna
be linked down below as well they give
this video a big thumbs up if you
enjoyed and if you love coffee and you
hate coffee also give it a thumbs up and
you don't stop give it a thumbs up and
if you're alive I hope you very soon
mwah bye that was weird
these are all the ones they actually
serve in the UK because the UK have a
lot less than what England has a lot
less all the UK's have a lot less of a
lot less than the u.s. do drinks so the
kisser in England and there's drinks in
England and then we went to England and
we have star but don't you speak yeah no
no you speak wait Sally speaking you
what are you doing
yeah look isn't worried that you're
gonna get it rolling on she's gonna bug
you
