hey guys welcome back to my Channel
today I'm joined with Josh what's up
thank you guys just count yourself in
you please leave that in you guys should
she actually comes with of it I call
somebody with a lot of different people
and that one's actually just catchment
this is your shop joins me a little bit
also
I'm going to stop doing that I don't
know what it is a good kind of a pair
myself on a 3-2 a1 accent this is not
yet one you know you make me feel like a
16 year old girl and I love it
we are at be doing Dino song challenge
so I thought this business I buy this
like this is going to be such a
difficult challenge but I'm kind of
excited so we can start off by actually
taping each other panel what is already
a challenger itself okay he doesn't I
have no bum which frozen really strange
like so close there's any imagine not
having thumbs and Josh and I have I
think five five five four five four five
so I can take my fingers with by ah so
we are five challenges that we're going
to complete today the quickest person to
do it basically get the point so the
former office challenge the loser will
actually get by the winner a tweet off
their phones did that make sense but for
like I thought that made 700 so how's my
boy doing I hope you guys enjoy if you
do please man a big thumbs up not I can
actually use my thumbs right now are
five sure oh yeah
are you guys enjoy right hey Josh about
shine let's go
I don't know I've never been to a
hospital come that way what right where
I just they're getting a job you need to
come in
challenge number one we have to blow up
a balloon yeah tie it and then pop it no
one go alright I guess well I am with
the ball flies you have no idea how well
that 144 audience and distract yourself
just keep the key strategy lost my
balloon you're gonna have to go good I
feel like I'm holding on the line yes
boy I need any time when the boss
skillet experiences been 23 years old
and uh friends and experience of being
16 I feel like I've really taken that I
got to yeah and I need my son to like I
can shoot paint away party Wow
oh my god I tried it I can't lose weight
no excuse me
not my winner how you feel oh do you
hear would you are one nail agreeable is
your thumb how did you do it because you
go like I know now look come on poking
it through did you get that my next
challenge right off you any take on
challenger of the place for it challenge
opportunist we have to peel the banana
take the entire skin off and then have a
bite of the banana ok ready ready
through soon what did it go oh maybe oh
my God we're so close yes no bright
moment I think you got it already born
ready
so what how do you feel I feel like I
just want my thumb's better than a bee
right
now I'm pretty good really I don't know
anyway I want to go see I'd wanna go I
let a god challenge number three
challenge number three we have to get
over these checkered shirt okay
we need to pull them up put them on and
drop the buttons I thought it's going to
be the most difficult using whether
we're just looking down on me right now
we click with your my wrong considering
I'm winning but I'm gonna let you have
this one I know even smaller
I'm already floor and now I'm setting
the draft I feel even smaller that is
ridiculous challenge it's a step inside
ready three two one let's go okay Donald
well Mike in charge it's like I said let
me children wait so I kept it away I
what I what I John I've lost a button
I'm actually popped a button and both
are my life I can safely say oh okay did
you fall oh my god
only happens when I do I already give up
these bad people I'd rather lose I see
you're using a song no nothing no no way
I can do it
look at you go Jack see that get a color
Salama
look at that here's a little in the
corner Safran good not yet design I
literally just button up to the chest I
kind of give up like I have every go on
so I'm not if you want I think I can get
at all I think I think it's a phase one
one of our time well after all right -
bang boom what is gone - what we have
two more so you could try make the leap
I probably gonna win this probably know
you're probably not but you could I'm
going to learn word Oh the penultimate
round guys important times is to wonder
saffron if I win this - all and it takes
us into a final it's saffron wings us
you can have a boring video let's see
what happens oh yeah right here we go we
have to apply lipstick - unless you've
both got red - nicely matter shirt ready
number and you're happy yeah I know hat
well okay but no water what what I did
wrong did you get it so we walk along
now
well that I my name is good you know and
I joined it hard - you know I wouldn't
give you that point you don't really
deserve a life I don't know what I look
like I know that I can only do anything
yourself okay sure I think you are gonna
be wearing this on a daily could we wrap
could we know because I thought ah madam
- I've got a certain image tarball
really unique right now hello guys if
you think this kind of space is Josh and
he should wear on a daily because
clothes things so this is challenge
number five
Nina axle it does CBI if I do say so
myself
are you ready does answer this Anthony
this is the final round winner take one
another dominant oh do have to shoot on
also little bit us on you have to talk
about this is to complete a look you
both got enemies fantastic one
okay right cuz I've got this knowing do
nicely
don't make I think joseline oh yeah I
guess I can't keep up with the prices
well wait how G how do you try to change
are you to the W did a weed way I don't
how much do I make it a bit harder
I find Taiwanese are not have you done
what a ready yeah oh my God look at
today I know many what are they safe
with it so I goodbye to everything Robin
that's how that sums up my damn you look
it's not it's the way you tie your shoes
and either way I do it when you pull it
yeah sure is very good Fred it doesn't
come off that usually gone on well done
thank you today's lesson I got beaten up
city didn't taking it on so that was
guys I hope you all enjoyed this video I
am in fact going out of this challenge
I mean it was a close one we were quite
close okay I did take bully I'm just
looking at myself in the viewfinder and
trying to figure out what I'm actually
doing am I gonna harm making paper
yesterday we did not you should love
everyday learning me you are not there
listening be sure I won she won one soon
anyway that was the video I hope you
guys all enjoyed by the big Tom's office
Levi's good but before we actually end
this video I need that now a tweet
obstructed phone and that was the fourth
bit so kind over I have now officially
20 offers if I won you can see once I've
finished we also found a video over on
Georgia channels you can go check that
out and actually it was already cool on
funny video so make sure you go
often today I actually present like
usually but not you said that you're not
likely to be friends yay so go subscribe
just go check out that video it's going
to be top line of the description down
below but I think I've enjoyed the video
and yeah I'll see you all very very soon
and what you can have peanut guys you
can read up the sweetness all it's not a
bad I mean the guys my something has to
do bringing out a plus size swimwear and
looking for model to keep the creat me
other numbers are saying you oh are you
guys enjoyed and I feel very sorry
