okay hey guys welcome back to my channel
that was not clear at all
welcome back nauseous thinking why even
funny
I don't have a feet right not too long
right OH - Jake right either like well
understand but like we just you know we
know you can't love so you just love
yeah hey guys welcome back to my channel
so I hope you guys are having a lovely
day and Stroke evening or when I top of
the day evening you guys are watching
this video and you actually have a very
special guest so let's just you know
always lemon with the Roxy oh yeah oh
yeah honey for the third time today
we've actually got a really awesome
video a very relatable video I would say
and this is your struggles in the winter
I'm so if you gonna do that where do we
go in the way you avoid you know it was
the thing like a lot of boys relate to
this yeah well to be honest like it's
definitely not just girls yeah boys you
can probably relate to some of these as
well and also let us know boys if you
have any girlfriends that struggle with
a lot of things and you can tell hashtag
awkward before we get into this video I
do also just want to say we filmed a
video about Roxy channel which was this
was the Christmas price if you guys want
to prank anyone make sure you head over
that yes so go to it now I'm gonna make
that down below but I'll go over I do I
hope
I enjoy these relatable struggles and
let's get into this video I know I'm so
excited for tonight what we wear in Oh
oh okay yeah all right I'll see you
later then bye great my shoe my legs
Wow
finally a good makeup day eyeliner a
thing windy Oh breathing
it's no one knows the end of the video
just repeat what you said but who cares
let me have you guys enjoy and - but
yeah I hope you guys related to this
video if you did let me know down below
which ones you guys 182 and if there's
any other gods struggle with that you
guys have then also let me know down
below and let me know if you want to
simply like one of those series yeah
like that that could be really cool I
don't like a series of this like
different seasons like every you know
couple arms or whatever so let me know
down below yeah that's it from us I hope
you guys are doing and we will see very
soon
mwah bye
you
