hello everyone welcome back to my
channel now a lot of you guys will know
that actually autumn is one of my
favorite seasons I just love everything
about that just coming up to the winter
I just really really really enjoy the
not only the weather changed for just
everything about it you know like the
cozy nights in are like hot chocolates
and obviously most importantly the
autumn clothing like I love love love
wearing a big oversized jumper or like a
big coats and like beanies and I just
love when the leaves start changing
basically just everything about it so
yeah it's one of my favorite seasons as
you all know right now and I know when
it comes to autumn winter time you do
kind of have to get a new wardrobe
obviously you can't quite wear the
clothes she's wearing in summer so if a
lot of you guys are like studying or
your students you're finding it hard you
to shop on a budget then I do actually
have your back I do have a 30% discount
code but misguided that I will leave on
the screen so you guys can go and use
that or whatever and I'll leave it down
below as well so thank you so much
misguided for actually partnering with
me for this video I can't wait and I
picked out all of my top picks that you
will see me wearing throughout autumn
and throughout winter I hope you guys do
enjoy it smash your big thumbs up if you
guys do and subscribe down below and
without further ado let's get into the
video so I'm gonna start off with
jackets and coats to the very first one
this big eyes so it's oh so snuggly is
this a big shaggy wall kind of like
style coat there so in at the moment a
lot of people wearing these or more like
crazy colors however we know that I do
love a black coat and love this a lot I
also really like the fat because a lot
of these style of coats have like Hudson
stuff and I don't really like them with
the hood but this one has like a collar
so I actually personally weigh the
furthest and yeah I would mean I would
wear this throughout the day to keep
warm and I also like you know you could
dress it up and wear it at night time as
well so yeah overall absolute love this
and it's so snuggly and I can't wait to
wear it but they're not so cold a days
you have to have a bomber jacket in your
wardrobe this cardigan bomber with the
orange inside is such like a classic
warm up but it's like a staple piece in
your wardrobe and I know that again I
actually think I had the same bomber
last year from misguided as well and I
wore it quite a bit
I also had it in Burgundy which is
really cool I got so many questions
about it and so overall misguided do
great bombers this and next Co is
literally one to glam up your Graham
it's just so glamorous but also and
stylish and also so cool like it's one
of those you could wear with like a
tight mini dress like for the evening or
you can even like rock it out with a
pair of like DMS and it would still look
so cold this can definitely go either
way and I absolutely love it I also
everybody know you can see it on the
camera but the color is so pretty
because it's kind of like a silvery gray
color yeah it's so pretty I love it
loads of people wearing these teddy bear
coats as they're really in fashion
really in season at the moment however
from being honest I've never really been
a huge fan however I've um I've actually
gone all out and it got a full length
one because actually I thought the full
length one it did look quite cool I
think it could look quite cool on and
also it just looks so cozy and so warmer
so I was like yeah I might actually give
this a go my very last coat that I've
actually chosen for this haul is this
classic white kind of like blazer
relooking coat I'm more exactly sure
what this style is called but basically
I absolutely love wearing white jackets
or just anything white during the autumn
winter time because I feel like
everybody's a bit like you know kind of
feeling a bit dull wearing darker colors
which is really nice but then if you
just like wear something white it's kind
of more like a statement piece why and I
don't actually do that well because I'm
a bit clumsy and I tend to I get things
very very quickly but if I go to an
event or something can I want to let
elegan and a bit classy that I probably
would wear white to kind of stand out
and also it kind of like brightens up
your day
sticking with the white theme I picked
up this jumper which is really cute it
is kind of basic from the front I love
the back so much because obviously it
has like this cross detailing which is
really pretty and it's kind of like a
left open which is really nice so it's
probably not going to keep you the
warmest let's be honest but at least
you've got one of your nice coats to
keep you warm you could put over the top
a less face
even though it is like autumn winter you
still want to look stylish at the same
time and then to go with it I got these
jeans that really is probably aren't
gonna keep you that one either but I
absolutely love them I love how they are
literally ripped to pieces because I
think they look so cool it looks like
you made no effort I love all of the
aside fraying part I think it's gonna
look so cute especially that jumper as
well so I'm so excited to wear these and
I hope they look good these faux leather
skirts are like so in fashion at the
moment however this one's like that
little extra mile which is what I love I
think it's really cool how it looks like
a collars kind of been bent over almost
like on Moschino tube this is kind of
like their style and I think it looks
really cool so I got this skirt I love
it as well because it is the stretchy
esteem it's just it feels like any other
miniskirt however when you look at
something like this because it looks at
like wet leather you don't think it
would be very stretchy or like
flattering or very comfy but actually
it's a complete opposite so I got that
skirt and then to go with it I got this
jumper which is again white well kind of
like creamy white so as you can see only
has one sleeve which is like I don't
know I feel like if you follow my
Instagram and stuff you kind of know I'm
really into that at the moment I love
things off the shoulder I love kind of
showing that collarbone and I think it
looks really cute and yeah I just love
like once think things that would I
don't know but yeah it looks really cute
tucked into that skirt this jumper is a
little bit dirty because the manga mole
I wore yesterday and I got so I
literally flooded on my Instagram and
stuff so many comments and questions oh
and where is this jumper from so here
you go everyone
it's from misguided it's actually from
one of my favorite things on their
entire site is so cool so it's this
cream cropped jumper whatever it's
really cool because it's got like a
v-neck but it almost looks kind of like
ecology like I just love the mustard and
the black and then it also has like the
stripes and stuff on the arms as well
which is really cool I rather see sir I
wanted supplies for my black cargo pants
but also I did get from misguided
so I'll pop up like a picture or
something of what I wore yesterday I
just got so many comments about it yeah
I thought I looked really cool so I
wanted to show you that so you don't
have something in your wardrobe State
Prynne
literally what are you doing you must be
crazy
because this is my absolute it always
has been my favorite print I just think
it looks so cool especially now we're
coming up to autumn winter again that's
all I got this place to which is really
cute
obviously it's full snake print and it's
really cute as well it's kind of hard to
show you now but I guess you'll see it
on your wraps around it's really cute
again I would wear this I probably wear
this out for like an even thing and then
underneath I've got this snake because
we're going all out on the snake brain
I've got this snake print bralette that
again I would wear on it on its own like
with a pair of shorts or jeans or
whatever but he does also look really
cool underneath the play suit so I got
this brawler as well oh my goodness I
absolutely love these love-love-love
like I'm so excited to wear them as you
can probably tell they are ankle boots
however they've kind of got that like
croc print I just think they look so
cool and I don't even know what I'm
gonna be wearing these with but I know
that they're gonna look great and I
can't wait I absolutely love the fact as
well that it has this like kind of quite
high heel because the short person like
me definitely means that in their life
but it's quite chunky at the same time
as well so I'm not gonna be wobbling
anywhere
so basically this shoe is great I feel
like you might have just been made for
me and very last the thing of the haul
is this rib - jumper dress obviously
this is just black but the reason I
wanted to get this is because you can't
really go wrong they always look gray so
so so easy to throw on it's just one of
those things in your wardrobe it's just
so easy you know you chuck on a jumper
dress you go out the door
boom so there you go there is my very
big misguided autumn kind of winter hole
I feel like I'm very shocked out now no
sure how long it's gonna last
I don't think I'll be shopping for a
little while now thank you so much for
watching don't forget hit a big thumbs
up you guys enjoyed thank you so much
misguided but actually partnering with
me on this video and as I said I will
leave the
can't code this up on screen and down
below and as well as their site and
stuff if you haven't checked them out
thank you so much for watching and I
hope to see you guys bright I hope to
see you guys a very very very soon
laughs bye
