hey guys welcome back to my channel
today I have another very scary video I
am so scared right now today I've got
another episode of I'm a youtuber gave
me
I bought with my younger brother jet oh
and today I am petrified never been so
scared of something in my entire life
jet how do you feel about this not very
good here it goes
so jet and I we are going to be
blindfolded there are holes at the top
of these tents and my dad and dad's
friend is gonna be pouring I don't even
know what they're gonna be pouring on
top of us is gonna be five different
creepy crawlies or I don't know whatever
these wee disgusting horrible things I'm
gonna be scared of on top of us are
gonna be put in our heads we're gonna be
blindfolded
I can't oh just so scared after they
have poured five a different breed scary
things on top of us we have to try and
get the five different stars the first
person to get all five stars is going to
be the winner of this episode so jet are
you ready to do this I'm ready let's I
don't wanna say let's do this because
I'm so freakin scared right now they've
got like skin tight clothes on
underneath this to keep myself and now
going your plug I've got body suit
sorry shorts and I'm like aha I'm not
even got baggy shawl first up fish guts
Dorrie
that's somebody's diary oh oh do that
sort of that's diary oh he's already
freaking me out
I don't like how it's gonna be sick
right next one
it's only feathers weighted pretty good
I'll make it away oh my god
like uh AJ is really itchy and under
sunny cheese's what are they they're not
moving so spine number three
nine really red and white maggots oh my
god Nintendo number three screeches oh
my god this go my boys nobody saying
anything
no actually condone is so bad please
please come in so number four any large
bloodworms
oh I don't want to do this anymore
I don't want to do this anymore I'm so
scared please don't throw anything else
for me
number five disgusting cockroaches I
don't want to do it don't be a creeper
good
you sure I'm sure
like snails oh my god I can opening it
homie waiver no my whole legs I can't
even keep him of what he still yes or no
something happen there's nothing to
worry about
just be your number six large mealworms
I mean they're coming oh my god
police arrest was in my talk in my body
oh my god okay I don't know I don't
wanna know you're not scared to even see
a fish eh oh I'm so scared
hey would we do one one is Oh nobody got
one star on a very good star I'm going
to put a two so why they're wig ones
woody winged ones oh I'm so scared
because that attitude is creeping down
my bar give three how are you seeing me
okay I'll tell you what it is way
scarier with the blindfold I'm gonna go
below star Oh 595 ugly yeah oh my god
get off me get off me
come on the line kid you got none you
got to I got the angle fine mom please
get off me I'm so scared I've never in
my life into that oh my god Jesus back
oh my fuck me humble
maybe so my hair yeah
right guys there it was there was my
second episode of I'm a youtuber get me
out of here I swear if it wasn't for my
parents I want to shower I'm a youtuber
get me out of here after the first item
I got thrown enough I think that'll be a
blindfold and not knowing what was
falling on top of you was horrible
wasn't it no and he stings right now or
fish guts we're for the first thing Mars
that was smells so bad and I'm sorry if
I overreacted in even over here it's
anybody sat there anybody would be
exactly how we were was know how awful
was that maybe worse he however on my
home literally the worst thing I've ever
done in my entire life I'm never doing
that again no matter what so I hope you
guys enjoyed please smash a big thumbs
up we're gonna see if we get 50,000
likes I know that's pretty insane but
Jed can't get the big thumbs up button I
believe we can do this because I done
that so we can get 50,000 like so such a
big thumbs up we also feel behind the
scenes over on my date evoking channels
to go click on whatever side it is to go
check that out I hope you guys enjoyed
and yes I'm gonna jump in the shower
battery fresh shower and I'll see you
guys very soon bugs if I show off my
thigh I I'm going out you in the fall
