why I say so awesome now now no no yeah
you must have oh wait no hey today I'm
joined with a both of my siblings Casey
and Jett kids never been on a video
before Cyrus he's fitting not in mine
hey guys the very first vlog we're not
like actual main channel me there are
needless family but today I'm doing for
both of my brothers we're doing a very
requested video a very requested
challenge we're doing who knows me
better brother an ocean anyway we have
got some whipped cream and some classic
play that's a good oh yeah favorite base
okay stop it is enough oh I'm gonna
answer the boys ten different questions
if they get it wrong to know that means
yeah you know that means no guys will
your buzzards Casey were you going for
dad waiting for the guys the hey hey
that's not just that thing I know that'd
be me question number one what is the
most common thing that I eat for
breakfast
wait fix minis no coca falls no weet-bix
yes yes hahaha
I could have made that sighs why oh you
should have seen what I did to Charlie
iodide now he's eating it and now he's
eating it what is my favorite pizza
topping these I was definitely first and
you didn't even know your wife I'm gonna
do you know you call my cell phone i
buzz first my body won't see me Jim I
just know well I don't know to be quick
on the buzzer okay I actually won I got
it okay well she's not yes really fine
at home
yeah fine no what's wrong I've just pile
up on a visa than G's visa that also
game is tomorrow and cheese watch this
yeah Romano
okay so why not why knows what month did
I meet a Jackie aprile no hey Yuri yes
Hey I mean oh you mean if I Renee oh
just slap me can you mug somehow we have
gone through two bottles of cream we
actually done five questions and my
camera died and we were stuck at three
so now guys we're actually officially
doing 12 question mom with a ten on
government Gacy no wait a minute
chocolate whipped cream that actually
looks like poo oh my god a little poop
emoji emoji what was my favorite TV
program as a kid I call it no I mean
like a young young plus I ain't never
y-yeah nothing
oh my goodness is so young what is my
natural hair color
I saw 83 to brown Oh your has no frowns
on my nights where I gotta is door Brown
don't probably to roll has done my I
don't know I actually did over there is
my problem
steady brown it's not I should've done
next time how about wasn't gonna hit
game what are you guys doing I
participate from here just eating like
you're really nice classy so secondly is
getting my tell me to put it I don't
know exactly
okay the next question name for
different people I have seen in concert
Justin Bieber yeah Rihanna yeah Ariana
Grande
yeah one direction yeah ah no it's only
for huh is only for you needed to do oh
that's cool yeah oh that's why you said
no example I would give it a five but oh
my god you know you put it in my hair no
that's unfair thank you
wait look at me dick yeah it's got it
were so did I seen looks like a hot
y'all good
don't you dare and I swear to God
and you yeah it's a bit okay I got we
immediate it's really good there's a bit
of blood joking on its apples lips yeah
I've definitely got its there all over
my isn't it well nice
yeah it's really nice name my favorite
youtuber Oh yummy small broken out word
that's not me I got I need to marry
all right crazy no something you want to
evolve and why don't know why ever get
to do it - can you see father I think if
you think every single one of my oh that
is too far ah final question I fall out
this video it's been very extreme my
final question is what is the one
country I've always entered a visit
hello United States of America
you said what country would I always
like to anything you see again what la
is the country anyway right your favor
from me back wanting you dead name
relapse I what happens next I don't know
maybe one country I'm not all that know
um oh my no no well and I like porn and
oh I like gonna do the home question
okay see does one final guess yeah ma I
wanna identify for you bet loads of
money it would stir pan oh when the hell
are you sure yeah I've always said that
oh my god and they will know it's Japan
okay oh my god they want to but they
will waste going well I would have got a
horrible I do want to hit no actually no
no it's um hi Oh No
Oh night let's wipe to the honours check
in to get you oh my god what am i a my
god I have to say Casey one that okay
she's very simply
oh yeah like we needed a challenge to
know who the better sibling walks by so
that was the end of our very very very
messy challenge I was not expecting to
be part of this funded game I was facing
to learn yeah that was so good I was
that thing to kind of bring on my
brothers but instead we all got messy so
I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did please smash a big
thumbs up if we get to
you beat down thousands okay if we get
the 50,000 which is insane
Jeff will be in another video jet I've
never got that at all you do it
how were you like Sony to get then
having to the power how many nine
hundred thousand okay well that's not
gonna happen but such a big dance after
trying a hundred thousand then Jeff will
be back on my channel Casey also has a
channel with something like that down
below for you guys to go to Cal to
actually go to Cal better channel no
it's not you can go to go get social
media KC social media down below my
social media I am loving Twitter I've
had some loving all social media so go
follow me go at me go tweet me and yeah
that's it from us I hope you guys
enjoyed and I'll see you guys very soon
Wow Oh Jett say bye Oh
