welcome back to my channel I got a mix
winner today I am joined with Casey and
today we're actually going to be
exploding this pumpkin right here is why
but this pumpkin is absolutely oh it's
all you I decide to cater to be focused
on up big and then I double up snows
like issue so I've seen the watermelon
challenge before I basically what you do
is use wrap Browns
loads and loads and loads of it acid
bath and it explodes but I've never
rubber bands rather than elastic bands
are the same thing
same thing anyway you run me around and
what it does is it gets so tight and
then it explodes I've never ever seen
anybody do it for pumpkin they may have
done it before but I've never seen
anybody do it for pumpkin I don't think
so I do I do thought that's how they
were India let's just let's just try a
pumpkin it's so much thicker than a
watermelon though I have no idea if it's
gonna work but I really want to prove
Casey wrong so fingers crossed fingers
crossed so we've got one two three four
oh four Monica also we've got I think
five different packets of elastic bands
Roland okay write down for now if you
put it in that sick or grab another
thing I couldn't roll my boys called the
master bath oh yeah oh wait I have I
think yeah I think I have oh how many of
these you need is gonna say to explode I
think one of them I don't even know
really know so without further ado let's
get into this video what we're gonna try
and get a couple of them to go on twice
I think these ones these are you gonna
go wise or anyone's yeah these are good
knit time I guess it's been a very very
long video so did you know what I think
it's gonna work better if one of us hold
the pump while the other person elastic
band on okay I say you better
okay this is why I we need to get them
on top of each other and look you're not
oh yeah my uncle were we looking scrunch
them all down
let's take an estimate how many elastic
bands I'm making 200 280 280 we really
lost count
why didn't why didn't the skeleton go to
the prom I don't know but he had nobody
to go with
know that anyone saw a boat sailin my
video accommodation quick what's your
under the fans we have 200 pumpkins we
have pumpkins if you guys haven't seen
that video I'm gonna link it down below
so you guys go check it out I got a
pumpkin prank on my dad
Oh teamwork k yes how do you buy a pack
of elastic bands right and they give you
different yeah I know I don't realize
how hard an asset bands were to get like
I went as that yes guys come up no one's
ever asked about well I just called you
me okay bones
oh you would think everywhere seldom
what I've been doing it once now Oh
struggling but
oh my god we started you a smiley face
why so then like I don't know oh my god
that's the worst is not white for this
guy's yeah you're not gonna believe this
this is amazing I'm really bad at all
petrol the pumpkin is about to explode
so we're sitting here with a rubber
bands we're not a boy band is an elastic
band when I say bad you say rubber
rubber band rubber
Oh Jerry this is actually gonna work
that's probably a reason why I don't
think anybody's done it is beginning to
boss
it's like bats on the ball we're gonna
die interviews actively attachment I
feel like this could work I don't know
if he's gonna explode no one got so
lucky I wouldn't even look how many and
that's advanced me out there I don't
believe that I'm so excited to work that
in slow motion
Oh
ah that is insane that was so cool crazy
I did nothing that was gonna work oh I
always he did nothing that was going to
work and we had like look oh yeah oh so
we just exploded
Oh publican we were so lucky as well
because on my camera I said maybe stop
recording - literally my mum went over
clip recorder that he just burst brain
is so it was mad that was that was
awesome that was so awesome you guys
enjoyed seeing that make sure to hit a
big thumbs up in there
I didn't nothing that was gonna work no
I didn't I really read it thought it
would explode once we put one on and in
that little action yeah yeah but he's
just been waiting and waiting awaiting
that you know that was that was insane
all the elastic bands have gone in a
ball hey guys look just I think we had
this many left over as well and we do
then we other so for how it's growing
that ball yeah yeah actually what I
really hope you guys enjoyed this video
I can't believe actually work oh you
gave me maybe hit a big thumbs up if you
guys enjoyed this video and subscribe if
you're new or subscribe if you guys
haven't already we also filmed a video
over on Casey's channel so make sure you
go check that out I'm gonna leave it
down below
pumpkin related is
oh I hope you guys do it oh just go Punk
you no one in my head I know five guys I
have you gotta enjoy it
honestly guys next week how'd you know
in a couple of day in a comforter set
come ah fine ciao
