to my channel so today I'm doing
something very very very exciting today
I am pulling off my first prank and for
this price I'm gonna need some helpers
whoa
job on this channel to keep most enjoyed
it upbeat thumbs up 40,000 like guys
don't even ask possible but let's a
couple of things ago my family we was
having a conversation about how many
pumpkins directly you could fit in a car
was like a hundred day we're gonna prove
him wrong we're gonna prank him
especially with Halloween's coming up
this is the most genius prank ever I
gonna get like 200 honking we know Nate
he's got football training so he's gonna
get back because normally walks her dog
I like 5 p.m. age so he's gonna get back
he's gonna want to go football training
and this is gonna have hat guy so we're
ready to go I'm with Jake right now
Casey in a car we are meeting down there
they've already left cuz we need to go
for as two shots as the shots are four
so let's do this right I'm borrowing my
Grandes car which is our uncle's not
gonna be big enough to take all of me Oh
thank you ready okay the car we spoken
for customer services make sure we need
to go over there so they can help us get
200 pumpkins Jake where you are we ran
up earlier to see if we could get 200
pumpkins and they said to come to
customer services on that whole path so
that's what we're doing we found them
their twenties gonna be enough if I
definitely go we're gonna have to make a
lot of trips forward about I can eat
right so just bought the pumpkin farmer
let's come back down
look at that receipt we get very very
funny about people videoing installs
okay see just got told off for vlogging
in the store I'm a badass I'm taking I'm
joking I'm all about us but there we go
and a lot of public service what can we
do now I can put them in the trolley
okay that's my calling
get outta my follow this is actually
ridiculous
forgotten how many like I'm doing these
boxes are gonna be thank you much
okay somebody got so far this is 2020
morning Wow oh my goodness it's more
than 21
we've got ahead of itself 14:27 take you
to the car let's go further men get the
publicans in
this one thing RMT no ed of allah we've
taken all of us with pumpkin how do you
feel now look at it bloody big car the
bloody big shot what a big car guys
there are way way way more than 200
pumpkin tea I reckon we've at least got
300 plus I mean as you would have seen
it's gone straight into the front of the
car dunno where I'm gonna sit now in the
car there's definitely gonna be over 300
in there way way more than 200 good it
was a little bit embarrassing everybody
was giving us the stairs but it should
be a good prank my first prank but it
should be a good one
momma's got in the car to go get some
food Jake and I we're stuck in the car
are literally and Wendy's driving and
she'll put on the British take out mum
you've got nothing to do with this but
no you are my dad's just gone for a walk
how long Jackie's gonna be case I reckon
we've got about 20 minutes to do this
KC's gonna take the roof down for us no
gotcha wait a minute shape we need to go
right we've got our own little technique
going on ready
okay can you do it it's time to open the
boot they're all just gonna come out you
have to go from the back now because
it's just gonna take too long so a
little routine yeah so many it's crazy
right guys
I'm ring in we're gonna ring dad and see
how old she's gonna be until he gets
back it's been about 20 minutes already
yeah he's taken longer than what I
thought hello mom no wait wait that's at
home almost get his phone and put it in
the pot yeah yeah okay all right good no
yeah we're gonna take that phone put in
the car yeah he could be walking down
the road any minute let's go here is my
dad's phone let's go it's just falling
down the clouds drop it near the top
right so as you can see we've completely
filled up the car we're now going there
are loose way we're going to hide behind
this wall over here
I've got Jake you've got my daily
vlogging camera I'm gonna blog on my
daily vlogging camera we're gonna hide
this camera behind here and then put the
rocking camera over there okay we don't
even know which way it's coming from
yeah I think he normally has some that I
didn't II normally was down yeah in a
car there so we'll be yeah yeah what
we're fine okay let's go this guy right
we've been seeing here for about five
minutes now he still hasn't come yes
probably longer than five yeah probably
like ten ten minutes with you say
probably 10-15 minutes
he still has committed to an alert I
feel like no no don't go tonight
I know I know I watch anyway actually
he's about half are you actually doing
okay yeah shy filming she died
Oh
yes I broke my glass of Morcar as well
everywhere get them all out got a
football way in about 10 minutes over
over 200
once menti battle pub there would have
only been 197 but you bought three
before Halloween near the mast the
pumpkin you're never gonna want to carve
a pumpkin
- reaction was just perfect he hates us
now the whole thing was those already
three pumpkins yeah subscribe if you're
new go subscribe to chase channel thank
you guys the KC channel then things are
gonna be down below me guys enjoy
yeah also the cars gonna have a child
under with another video my
