hey guys welcome back to my channel so
today I'm joined with my boyfriend
you're supposed to say my boyfriend as
you can clearly tell by the title of
this video today I'm joined from Jake
and today we actually going to be
telling you guys how we actually met
that was Jake and I how to be in dating
for about a year and a half now haven't
we been quite a long time and somehow
I've managed to put up with you laughs I
don't know how but I managed to part
with you if you guys didn't already know
over a year ago means that one actually
filmed this video over on my channel how
I met my girlfriend but it wasn't
structured well in the point in when you
get across yeah it was like it's like a
weird video it's like it's so funny but
we don't really explain it like hard for
comments are like I still don't know how
they met each other and I watched for
eight minutes like because it is not
equine entertaining the video but we
don't really explain it well enough so
we thought what actually gonna put the
point across because all my daily vlogs
and stuff like be more like how did you
guys meet each other like in that video
but I just didn't understand it and
stuff like that so we just thought we're
gonna clear out today we're basically
gonna explain to you guys how we met
each other and if you guys enjoy this
video make sure you hit that big red
subscribe button down there and hit a
big thumbs up that'll be awesome but
let's get into the video so let's bow
things back to January yeah we did not
know each other now let's take things
further to February 2000 that's a Jeep
Boyd who is January previa rates further
yeah let's go make this check off he's
in ok so let's actually explain the
story this time Jake and I we live about
five hours drive from each other we live
so far away from each other
boy this Jake wait a second we didn't
know each other right and
please one day we both got invited to a
school trip it was a skiing trip to
Austria both didn't know each other yeah
we both went to different schools our
schools were in the same hotel yeah
hometown it was like no it was like I
can't in this name yeah it was it was
ridiculous yeah I'm giving us food like
I was he yes everybody not everyone a
whole sack fun point price well Davis
given us his bread and soup for
breakfast lunch and for dinner every day
at the same plane Rowan and I was like
yes we both go invited to a school
skiing trip to Austria so we both didn't
know each other was going and basically
what I saw Jake not the first two days
was I was after five days so he done for
five days
7 7 you said bro we can in 66 days I saw
Jake and I perfect I didn't really
recognize him and then I breathe for
days then I was like I don't know how
but I know that kid and basically I was
in a gold band actually before I met
Jake and I saw Jake in like I really
really recognized him I didn't know
where and then I heard his name and I
surged him up I felt like such a stalker
right now and I found out the reason I
knew him it's because this event that me
and my Garvin was gonna go to Jude was
gonna go to so when I was scrolling
through the lineup like maybe a couple
of months beforehand I'd send a picture
so that's basically like where I have
recognized Jake really she's joking guys
she was she's watched my videos every
week without fail no I think it was
three days in we went up on these big
mountains we changed things up we went
on this little training slopes you out
big ole at my school I was in the second
group there's three groups your beginner
intermediate and advanced I think it was
tough was in beginner beginner so
basically me my mates went up at as well
what happened ski it apparently I shuts
up an hour oh yeah okay so basically
it's one time I wanted to talk to Jake
when I found out how I'd like recognize
him from this event Jay and his friend
went out on the gondola and I thought
you know what let's jump in that let's
just jump in because there's got to be
four people in it but no
I made sure I was like behind takes I
can get on the same gun to lose him
and he needs to just bang you shut the
door and there was me like okay that is
so much Charlotte asked me no no no they
didn't it didn't because you were always
shut the door was it James
no no making his I never even knew she
was there
you might not but you shut the door
like I'll is about oh okay that's about
awkward I didn't mean to I don't know
you really nice day it was my last day
wasn't Jake's last day I saw Jake he
like basically came out of like his dorm
he came out and I thought you know what
I'm getting sweet James going to Jake I
am confident you know I thought I'm
gonna do this I'm gonna pop up the car
to the beach Jake and there I did trying
to say I was like looking at Jake the
whole skin because it's so cute anyway I
popped up the courage I went over I
spoke to Jake and I was like I think
Tommy's recognize you I think it was
event I went to basically I went bad
Dino you're Jay Mitchell I watch all
your videos and I'm subscribed to you
Anna for Twitter so for us yeah I didn't
want anything to describe I didn't fully
on Twitter I didn't know you
oh if they would have known you thank
you when I got back he follows yes
because your dad tweeted about us and I
thought oh that is what happened yeah
yeah kiss them all so I'm gonna take
that turn around for you before lying I
love you fallen before ever take all my
Instagram basically like it change
instagrams and from there on forward
Jake then find me on Twitter adding me
on snapchat
added me on Facebook think you little
stalker appreciate joke around
no yes no I did I don't Facebook
it actually wasn't it you know sir I
spotted her on Instagram because she's
already following me you little rascal
look come here with Mike everything good
day and then we started like getting
through FaceTime a different way and we
FaceTime pretty much every single day as
well it was crazy and so basically we
begged our parents that we could
actually see each other and obviously
cuz we live so far away and it was like
kind of far too trouble Jake you know we
managed to persuade our parents and
luckily my parents actually drove me
down to JPL although they won't actually
go into Cardiff as well so that might
have been like the movies and what they
actually like drove me down there
because God it is very close to your
house right at Howard yeah I get our in
a bit away I kind of managed to persuade
them to go to Cardiff I was like oh yeah
but look at the shopping center so they
went there and basically I went down to
Jake's for the first time and this whole
thing's June I think I was like June the
7th or something when we found our first
video together yeah it was up anyways
that's basically how I met Jake I hope
that was like a little more clear so we
met in Austria on a ski school trip
that's basically like the really really
short version of that but I know you
guys enjoyed this video and enjoyed kind
of like understanding it a bit more I
would say because the first time it was
crazy confusing so we just thought we'd
get it out there as on my daily vlogging
channel I've always always get announced
how I met Jake and we've been together
for a year and a half now and we're
still going strong on a long-distance
relationship so if you guys have a
long-distance relationship let me know
it down in the comments below because
I'll know I'll know that and let me know
how far you have to travel to see your
boyfriend or your girlfriend I hope you
guys enjoyed this video such a big
thumbs up you guys did at also is that
feedback subscribe button down below we
also filmed a video over and Jade's
channel but it's not going up until the
following
Sunday but I will link that what it does
go up I'm also gonna leave Jake's
channel down below it also anyway I
already hope you guys enjoyed this video
and I will see you guys next week
ma bye
