hey guys welcome back to my channel so
hope you guys all having an awesome day
so far so for today's video I've got a
phone and I've got a boyfriend the
boyfriend is not here with me right now
but with my phone I'm going to be
pranking my boyfriend now I've been
seeing the trend go around with pranking
my boyfriend with song lyrics pranking
with my friends with song merits and I
thought that is a genius idea and I
didn't really love watching these videos
and as those of you guys have always
said to me all you need to get Jake back
you need to get Jake back because my
boyfriend he is pranked me like I think
three times now and I've never ever had
a chance to get it back so hopefully
this video I can get hit that but you
could end up being a complete fail
however I've kind of chosen a song I
think you might not know as well so
hopefully that it was a song that I'm
using is Canon Scott dancing on my oath
let's do this right here it goes Jake if
you poop with us I'm really sorry and if
you don't you worry on my video so bring
it up varnishing what are you talking
about love heart
laughing BAE a Sheila
what are you talking about why no love
us big black sky over man at this point
I just want to say every time Jake and I
message each other we always put love
hearts to each other and if we don't
there would be implant like it means
we're being blunt okay and like we
hardly ever not put love hearts to each
other so right now he's gonna be so
confused but I think you already is
saffron what is wrong with you I'm
showing on what you're talking about
okay I don't know how many exhumation
marks a question marks he put that I
think there's like 15 oh no I don't know
he's getting upset or he's getting mad
right now but I'm pretty sure he's
getting mad but he still put a lover I'm
norming yeah like I said I'm at home a
bitch oh my god where have you got this
Rob who's she okay now I've already
Ballack's lovey things I'm really hungry
and by the fats of him put and she with
quotation marks he's getting mad at this
point you could just tell he's getting
mad yeah yeah what Oh
yeah it's stupid I have no idea what
you're on about
okay I genuinely know who drinking guys
I lead you didn't know even time it had
time to finish attacks and he's faced
something oh no I wouldn't be cowed by
Phil I feel so bad thing is if I think
I'm right now I won't be able to carry
it on so I'm I'm just gonna have to hang
out for gay answer scanner see oh my sue
I'm trying to let you see for yourself
but you're not letting me show you I
mean what the hell saffron I feel so bad
because we still trying to put that far
as we still trying to be so kind and
there's me just been so blunt this one's
gonna make him very upset why do you
give pickup what have I done
where has this come from I'm right over
I know I'm seeing you Saturday though to
Jake and I we live quite far away from
each other whenever we want to see each
other we have to like a ranger when in
Japan so I'm seeing you on Saturday so
now he's like oh he's so good for us him
oh is this a wind-up back
I wish I could but we're seeing each
other Saturday so am i bring me I'm kind
of confused because he just said is this
a wind off yeah right now he's like ring
me in the back of his mind I think he
thinks this is a wind-up but I think he
dead Lord go there just in case it isn't
like he doesn't want to make me more mad
you know what this is redic
okay he's ringing again this so mad yeah
I'm gonna pick up because I think you
might have gotten a little bit now hello
when did you cut John because no the
first bit you must make you go forward
even when you said I'm in the corn so
can it gave it away I felt so bad
say no to my video by the way you can
join our union I had that's not
literally what I meant that you got
bored right oh yes you did hey he's so
good for the beginning there come on
wait I actually kind of finally pranked
him I was so surprised by that that has
given me such a good feeling like I felt
so bad was doing that I was like old
blessing like the whole way through he
was so worried bless his heart
I like I don't know who's more and grew
more upset because I couldn't believe
him but that was cute like at least I
feel very loved now I know he cares and
loves me so it's all good to know if you
guys enjoyed this video make it a big
thumbs up I measure you that big red
subscribe button down below that I'll be
awesome and that means so much to me if
you guys get the chance let me know down
in the comments below like try this like
I don't know a family member a friend
your boyfriend gold bread etc and then
they know how many lines you can go
without them realizing or without it
being a complete fail that'll be awesome
to know I don't know how many lines I
got through but I felt pretty well I
thought they led again such a big thumbs
up let's see we can hit 25,000 thumbs up
that'll be all so and I will see you
guys next week with another video
oh and also go ahead out my broken
channel where you can kind of see like
the behind the scenes of this videos and
see my daily life and stuff like that
you can literally just a cotton ball
side it is
one of the sides of says mode a debug
channel so go check that out and I see
you guys next week
Wow bye
