hi guys welcome back to my channel I am
back yet again with another misguided
whole book of a just can't get enough
and that is so much stuffier honestly
misguided have some absolutely great
deals on at the moment actually they
have these deals on throughout the week
so be sure to go and check them out I'll
leave it down below also misguided have
some amazing deals for cyber week so
make sure you head to the website to
check them out and also it make sure you
head to their Instagram for more deals
misc I don't want you to break the rules
and not your bank balance this video
it's gonna consist of a huge hole I was
gonna like do outfits and stopper I just
ended up getting so much stuff that I
don't even think I really have outfits I
just have a ton of clothes I want to go
through the items quite quickly I hope
you guys do enjoy don't forget it a big
thumbs up you guys do and subscribe down
below thank you misguided for partnering
with me on this video and without
further ado let's get into it so we
gonna start with the fur because the fur
is an absolute must when it comes to
winter and I am stocking up my winter
wardrobe because there is so many
bargains on the site at the moment of
course it is faux fur by the way guys oh
please who saw so I got this short fur
jacket I absolutely love the different
colors within the fur I thought it was
really cute I'm going to New York so
soon so I figured this would look so
nice that you will see me wearing this I
actually had these is that trousers
before I still get so many questions
about them now over on my Instagram I
have got like an outfit highlight now so
if you want to see my clothes and stuff
I will be doing like swipe ups and stuff
I do put this on my highlights but in
case you don't follow my Instagram you
haven't seen already these cargo
trousers are so cool now I have these in
black again with black sea stripes the
stuff everybody kept thinking it was
off-white but no they're not they're
misguided they're a lot more affordable
and they're just really cool and I just
love this kind of like beige color I
fill up with these trousers you can
either like dress them up or dress them
down you can wear them with a pair of
stilettos or you can wear them with
trainers so my favorite thing at the
moment I follow these kind of one out of
style and now they're kind of like
comment back again is long knee-high
boots or over-the-knee boots I actually
don't remember if these are over the
knee or just knee high but I absolutely
of them I love the fact that they don't
have a hill because even though I do
love a boot with it Hale I've really
been trying to look for some without
because when I go to New York I want to
wear along the high boots or over their
knee foods because I just think it makes
the outfit looks so cute and like
wintery and just fashionable stylish
even if they're knee-high for someone
else they're probably gonna be thigh
high for me because I have tiny little
like so short girl problems I have never
owned a pair of clocks before but my mom
is like recently wearing them and she
looks so cool when I empty her and I'm
like if she can rock them at her age
then I can definitely rock them at mine
so I got this pale pink color I do kind
of regret not getting a black pair as
well though so I might have to go back
on the side of tennis cut myself a pair
of those but these are so nice I'm so
excited to try this on the luck is a bit
venturing out for me I kind of love it
this is absolutely beautiful
let me show you this I think you're all
gonna be sitting behind the screens like
whoa
as soon as I saw this I like freaked out
I don't know where I'm gonna wear it
when I'm gonna wear it but I really hope
that a special occasion comes up so that
I can wear this christmas is coming up
and I feel like I always want to dress
up right sparkly so I feel like I
definitely will have an occasion to wear
this
so it's this absolutely beautiful
embellished jumpsuit it's just
absolutely amazing I'm gonna take good
care of this because I can't wait to
wear it somewhere special maybe I might
even wear this to the launch of
something called that you guys are gonna
find out this Sunday my big announcement
I might even wear that to like my launch
event of it so who knows look up the
pics can await just take a moment and
look at the skirt it's so nice it's like
a lace-up wet-look leather looking skirt
I think this would look really cool with
actually but really cool with my black
knee-high boots maybe like tights I mean
I could dress it up a bit more wear like
Hills or whatever again I'm really
excited to be wearing this in New York I
think I probably will wear this with
like a pair of tights like little boots
and jumper because no one and again yeah
dress it up as well so I love this the
attention to detail is so nice
and then oh my goodness I literally just
need to get into you because these are
gonna be the shoes you're probably gonna
see me in all of the time I love these
so much these hills are literally the
best thing ever I absolutely love the
monochrome
I love the fact that it has the black
and white here the black and white
stripes on the side as well I love the
fact that it has a thick heel because
even though I seem to always bite here
sort of like seven inches unlike
thinners how I absolutely hate walking
in them and I can't walk in them so
finding a pair of heels so they actually
a thicker heel that I like is absolutely
amazing and these hills aren't that high
ether that I can actually imagine myself
wearing these in the daytime as well
it's an evening so you must see me in
these I'm so so so excited kind of just
want to get them on now but I'm going to
the gym after this so why would I do
that this jumper was literally made for
me I mean it has the high necks that I
love as we can see I'm wearing right now
I absolutely love straps at the moment
don't really feel like I can get enough
the back they are red and white stripes
as well red is my favorite color
so this jumper is literally a perfect
another pair of shoes I seriously would
not need any other shoes after this
video these snake print booties are
literally the Kois thing ever I feel
like they're so in fashion at the moment
I absolutely love the zip at the front
again I could see myself wearing this is
like a little skirt and some tights or
maybe even like vacu jeans rolled up
with like a jumper and a cool hat just
because they're a little bit quirky I
feel like even if you have more like a
plainer outfit you can kind of just
whack these on and it just make the
whole outfit look a little bit more
stylish so I like things you'll be see
me in my absolute favorite jumpers at
the moment are v-neck jumpers I think
they are so trendy they look so cute
they kind of remind me of that like old
school girl kind of vibe but I just I
just love it honestly this is probably
gonna be my favorite jumper that I own
at the moment now I did actually have
this exact jumper from misguided before
in more like a Masada
color and as soon as I warrant I mean I
must have got thousands of comments
saying like seven why'd you get that
from and I'm pretty sure it did sellout
they might have it back in stock now but
I obviously had to get the burgundy
color because I love the mustard color
so much so this crop jumper is the
cutest thing ever I love the stripes up
here I love it on the side again kind of
just like roll up your arms surgical
jumper and also like a little crop
jumpers like this I think look really
cool like those cargo charles's that I
was showing earlier oh this is a bit
sexy of it Darrin love the color this is
like an this is like a deep orange with
like a tin of red it's so nice but
daring for Christmas time I love it you
might see me in this bum I'm on the pole
you know yeah this is so nice I actually
love the fabric as well it feels like
such good material obviously it's a
buddy Conrad sexy at the front it's very
open you know then I got these wet look
a biker jeans I think these are really
really really cool
I love the button and the zip at the
front these trousers are like very in at
the moment and I've been wearing them
recently however I've been wearing more
like a plain version of them because
they have a lot more detail they have
the zips they have like the ribs and
stuff going across the Jean so I'm very
excited to try this on and I love the
fact that they are high-waisted as well
because high-waisted trousers are a
winner and then we've also got this
yellow mustardy jumpsuit this is so wow
this looks a little bit too long for me
because I do have the shortest legs ever
but this jumpsuit is so nice I'm praying
that it fits me actually the material
was really nice it feels almost like
silky it just feels really expensive I
think this looks beautiful
I absolutely love the flared legs at the
moment I love where it ties up as well
again you can kind of dress this up or
dress it down so everyone I am covered
in sorrow many misguided bits at the
moment so many clothes so excited to do
an update on my winter wardrobe I hope
you guys it did enjoy this video thank
you so so much for watching thank you
misguided but also partnering with me on
this video and I will also leave their
Instagram down below as well as my
because I know they have a lot of great
deal to them at the moment and the way
that I also find out and know its from
following their Instagram and so you
guys can also go into so I really be
down below thank you so so much and I
hope to see you guys very very very soon
Wow
bye also if you get any of these bits
make sure you tag me in them as well
because I want
