no no way oh my boy no whoa my penis is
bleeding hey guys welcome back to my
channel today I am back with another
skit video you guys seem to love
watching them and I absolutely love
making them so I thought why not you
know and today's video is it guys has
periods I know most boys think oh yes
Oscars overreact were on our period for
to be honest I don't think you boys
would be any better so here's my little
version of if boys had before we get
into this video I know you guys
everybody that's watching this video it
can smash a big thumbs up so let's see
if we can all wait 25,000 thumbs up that
would be awesome and also if you guys
want to join our little family come over
come say hey comment a big red subscribe
button down below
and also you can check out the behind
the scenes of this video over on my
fucking channel and also you can check
out my daily life and be part of the
farming over there so that's also going
to be linked down below but without
further ado let's get into this video I
hope she'll work my day has been
absolutely crap right I feel I started
in my stomach I just been so rubbish
I've been so loud I'm so hungry right
now and I just feel so
Reuben hey don't worry about it look I
got you I got your favorite chunk of
yeah so the phone I wouldn't I know it
is ever gonna game you're gonna get my
favorite on the ball Oh man's never been
my favorite box is moving Oh
all right man coach the top if you want
to come let's go good though L I want
you to stay and if those come easy they
come by the toy I like her now
we'll have fun
Oh or I make we do hope all of you oh
geez
where's my invite then just a little
like Peter doesn't mean a don't little
pizza yeah maybe I would've got a pizza
I've had a G no I don't want about pizza
do I know one got B looks like you said
I don't like Lisa
yeah well ladies I don't even like these
if I just be craving pizza all day yeah
and I guys have any pizza cuz they
okinawan am I invited
and I gonna be some with pepperoni on it
this is bad so what did you guys think
there you go that's my version of
employees have periods if you're a boy
and you're watching this write down in
the comments below if you think it'd be
anything like this or if you think you
can handle it
way better than us girls and girls write
down in the comments below if you think
it would be better
boys have periods - don't call me things
yeah
boys you're some haul with us you know
to make it Feb and probably things
actually maybe I'm making only once with
the boys but what for us girls twelve
because imagine us all having periods a
boy banana period one week and then the
goal the next like you know dude you
have to put up with our emotions we're
then going to have to put up with dares
of the neck so Tommy thinks maybe I
shouldn't be the case but write down
girls in the comments below if you think
boys it should or shouldn't have periods
but yes that was my video I hope you
guys enjoyed again don't forget to hit
up big thumbs up and subscribe down
below and I'll see you guys next week
ah fine
