hi everyone and welcome back to my
channel so today I'm back with Jake
Mitchell today we're doing types of
relationships a video I've been wanted
to do for $80 in it and so excited you
do it I feel as if it's gonna be very
relatable I'm really enjoyable for you
guys to watch obviously stop it's every
video Charlie's my stickers blue
obviously most of these are going to be
exaggerated but performing IV is very
funny as it more funnier to watch itself
yeah it's more party term what can we as
I mention so hope you guys enjoy
appreciate art and save acting skills
right oh yeah oh I hope you guys enjoy
and let's get into it
Nega come on a video just on the babies
poop and say let me see like meeting a
couple Wow oh my god Jay oh my god it's
going to me what
yeah and I would never be like those
boys that always go berserk
I know you never anything Caroline
laughs oh hey oh what's that you haven't
give me any attention I'm gonna be 20
but it's like three hours now ten
minutes happened last week's awkwardly
on yeah you're my princess and now look
again J yeah I'm good how are you yeah
joy come over yeah Bobby no one's here
anyway so you suppress the free places
run them over
yeah all right hey cool it a bit
I keep SN are you actually kidding me no
one's here
why am i to you then nothing you're my
how'd you game I just came in the back
door ah watch it then I really quite
like actually kidding what
you're my everything wanna know my
Wonderland together through thick and
thin
you guys enjoyed this video if you did
you know exactly what to do give it a
thumbs up
sounds good noise make sure you
subscribe if you're new to someone's
channel oh yeah you did a dare
Jacqueline yeah it's really really good
it's really funny
so go subscribe to J's also go to that
his video that I've been linked below my
blog chatter will also be linked below
where you can see my daily life
especially as it's just been the half
term obviously my whole like life in the
half chance for now yeah go to my old
channel I hope you guys enjoy peace much
a big thumb that we did isolated you
trampled on and put his heart yeah but
yeah we'll see you next time
you're awesome next time bye
hey you'll see them again soon just
don't yeah
your mind everything you're my
everything I wanna know everything
taking sin forever nor wait for not
living in this clip oh oh we're playing
food you in there I hang on a sec cause
bad noise
oh why everything you want everything
together for sticking Cindy called what
an area ribbon always bend over my head
