hi everyone and welcome back to my
channel so today I'm joy with a lovely
I'm Statia hello we are doing the speech
jammer challenge which I'm so excited
for so I wanted to do it for so long now
I don't feel I was up with a perfect
people to do it while we're just going
to crack up I have never done it so you
have chosen like random wires and like
ride up questions that we have to answer
so you know how this works we plug in
our headphones we turn up the volume on
the speech jammer app basically what it
does is it basically slows our one I
would say we will not be able to talk
I'm working it down like god I don't
even know oh yes I just know it's gonna
be so funny so you guys enjoy and let's
get straight to it
how'd you do that Wow yeah dude I got it
yeah I'm ready I believe that everyone
but I got fast you can help me I'm so
scared because I I got jalapeno juice in
my eye I go ahead of being my okay
that's so a brand and if a Latina do she
got I know I won it yeah how did I got I
got high degree new J's my are you a
deuce look don't do your dude I'm Willie
sighs do i I want you to say in a
youtuber is super terrific Oh God being
a super go you forgot super it's on here
Jupiter
it isn't about you guys think it fit
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
are you so would you add that one area
Oh Chris boeuf right now my I said I
just have a feeling we just wrote down
this I think Farrah mine we could see we
come over like that I went into one word
she went yeah it's a tall short what
kind roset are no mines over you don't I
get it I love as well see you can do
piccata fragile is chef I just never
this age is now going to do the same
word there was a rat I pitched noise -
puck I love fried stick s
sialidosis
that was good does that go out that was
good one fish two fish red fish
this one too right one more one I gotta
say about it
one fish two fish red fish blue fish
oh you to do that that was going to be
harvest very good time I wake up every
face you're happy because I want you to
describe what your channel is based
around to all my lovely viewers a big
description my hello is hostile themes
and it's very pink
I was very thing it's not yet a lobby
when are we gettin Laurie hello sorry
haha right Laurie yell at all all right
right yes oh my Hall was quite big oh
good my whore is quite big
oh I have no idea what your
 you think about it if you
look really troubled oh you're doing it
yeah I did like an egg
I'm going to go yellow no rain here a
boy oh that's good
take my dog peed on my leg my broke up
II don't know my leg
yeah we're really good when you say that
Emmett couples with niggas one oh hey
what the hell's that
the Chinese headache you all I would do
anyway finish making weird noises and
I'm going oh my was the first thing you
do when you woke up this morning the
first thing I did when I woke up well
this salvia I woke up to Instagram and
that was my morning so I already hope
you guys enjoyed this video
I am seal of fun is so much fun if you
haven't already checked out the app go
check it out I've destroyed the mates
like it so much funny nice hundred even
I wasn't filming it for me I would just
do it my maze like it's on II know I had
so much fun that decision being on my
channel if you enjoyed this video make
sure you smash a big thumbs up let's see
if we can try and hit 20,000 thumbs up I
love you guys all
so I won't go hit that thumbs up yeah
for club with yes yeah yeah we got this
is actually going also check out
anastasiya channel it's actually called
pure princess it will be in the top
lines of the description or you can
click her face yeah hope you guys
enjoyed and I will see you very soon bye
