hello everyone and welcome back to my
Channel today I'm joined again with my
younger bro I've dragged him here to
film one video he doesn't actually know
about yet this is a clue telling Singh
I'm not doing it yeah we are
I thought we could do 50/50 because like
we can do some of your day some of my
day long then I'm amazed let's if you
want to come along my maze you know I
love my brother we get on really well
but in small doses we like each other
when we have a very small amount of time
together that is a Jedi can only text on
my right-hand side
yeah well same I can take sometimes have
a little coin actually can you flip it
no can you flip it because I feel like
geometry and I got with it this time
let's lock you up what's quite fine he
goes the rest of the day I'm gonna give
the key to my mama
anyways I really hope you guys are doing
enjoy the things we do for you - -
Taylor Jenn - dogs already hurt smash a
big thumbs up down below if you guys
haven't already and without further ado
you ready let's get into the video
Bryce J thinks is really funny today by
having a shame so I'm gonna sit here and
watch him I've never watched a guy shows
before so it's definitely gonna be the
first day before you didn't get a tag if
you've ever had a book about except for
I need this in there
you think out yes I was doing L did like
something was funny or what do you read
does not be unfunny is that was meant to
be doing today certainly going out of my
mates anyways he doesn't know is he's
actually coming with me
he's coming with me laters go get my
lashes done so he didn't know my taser
six hours I swear it takes two two hours
but Jake don't more you put my company
once again my lashes done a lot no miss
Paula oh yeah keep on come with you so I
know loom in the eyelash talk to our
words yet we get on with it
the minuses house using again the actual
shaven which I raise up laughing like
did you say we did I know what I wanted
to do is that but it's just hard to put
it on my face faith make what three
hands and shape of your left normally
Dona my boy
one side my right what's up my neck so I
need to see myself in the mirror sign
off of it I need to get my shoes my
shoes are already out the door and
everything you all think of your kids
does
all right let me see always can you pass
your sheets behind something I can't not
see asshole do you need out let go
closer how close you want to get do I
can't give it one you try to become who
sets the day and I just thought to
myself as well hang on and I just
thought to myself as well my poor mom
she has to now drive me to get my
eyelashes done will drive us to go get
my lashes done because I just thought I
cannot drive when I am handcuffed that
would not be a very very very good idea
mom is now having to take us Holocaust
yes but I've got our shoes on here bye
so we're about to go get in my car and I
won't be fit in the front both gonna be
sitting in the back together
hey anyway no once I open the door oh we
even open things together now he's cute
it's sad she kind of goes in a way in
the middle no joke because then I can't
text am i right oh you know it's quite
cute
the know why this is so funny he's
actually more entertaining than I
thought it was gonna be
you know family cotton I do I look
before tonight yeah
right for my meeting
actually kind of sleep yes you see for a
siege it how I see do they look dead
absolute amazing what least you know the
step to set process now yeah ever want
to start a lash business you sorted for
life so I'm so happy with my lashes I'm
glad I got them done I mean I did it
kind of crazy cuz look at my makeup it's
all rubbed off right now so I need to go
hymen dead you can come with me to do my
makeup we get ready let's go I have
dragged you down here blessing well
thank you very much thank you thank you
I love so I'm just mention Tesco's and
got cheddar McDonald she's also got me
sitting in the back but she can get me
McDonald so thank you so much mom for
that she got Jeff what you get chickened
out dirt twining chicken and chips chips
yeah no I'll just get chicken then yeah
just get chickens chickens fine whatever
thank you oh how am I gonna give you
only have one hand to a bit bloody
impossible let's give it a go
it's actually sorry I'm just this is how
we're traveling home yeah I'm so hungry
after that oh boy them
so alive the Sun he used to sleep
austrian-born my friend Noel she went to
bed I woke up my boobs are a p.m. doing
the shopping that's right doing the
shopping I'm Spanish together that or
you could just make an extra trip but of
course no I like the way you put your
foot work going at the same time
everything as well the same steps
perfect
I've got my makeup job a sec have my
makeup on here which is like
ridiculously messy and Jed's got your
snacks false I do this I might be doing
most of my face I just want to cover up
this before we go back out so yeah I'm
just gonna do my normal routine would
you like some no you sure it smells so
good how could you be seeing that eating
at us looks so tempting
should you you need to like put your hi
sorry but how did you spend weeks head
to this side it's the only way that it's
gonna work Jed no hype on you and I
don't know
this well yes no this is a mob with this
kind of thing you put foundation of me
mankiewicz done that was that you one of
the hardest times I have ever don't make
hard it was a little bit of a struggle
to be that I've actually mm not too sure
I feel about my makeup it is really hard
every time I wanted to get to this part
of my face it would hurt Jed in fact
actually Jed's cut up like almost like
poor word he's got he's got marks so
it's great okay so at this point I'm
extremely bored and just basically gonna
have another debate haven't read yet
yeah but he's really annoying what I'm
sayin I'm trying to edit right but I
like I'm trying to do two hands but then
he's on his phone and he's trying to
convince me to go on the Xbox and I
can't think of anything worse than
sitting in his dingy little room and
going on his xbox oh so we're gonna go
make suicide yeah so we're gonna no
we're not so basically no we're not I do
what we're gonna do I think we should
flip a coin again and if you if you get
house again you can go on the Xbox and
if we get heads again then I can edit
that's the deal because I can't edit
once inside of that cause I need two
hands so Jed you're going for tails yeah
tails again oh you have heads no I was
gonna head you go over to heads this
time period is you're being serious
I feel me come on don't spread
many welcome to like this hey yeah like
den it's like it's that full of food you
need to get a chair Oh a supreme TV
chair this does not look like something
I want to show but nowhere else to sit
Jade so forth I can't concentrate when
you're like that okay would you know I'm
just trying to edgy so this is what I'm
sat here I let you can't even edit
because he just keeps pulling me every
single time so I'm sat here and I'm
watching him play for tonight which
Jonas isn't the most interesting think
especially doesn't talk to me at the
same time hello jet hello you're praying
for night right is that what you're
playing yeah faithful night right now so
life is great for me
how many care what you get Jed tell me
no no just keep messing what's your most
concentrated evil what are my skills
I don't know 19 definitely don't ever
interrupt a boy on their Xbox no
definitely diary okay so I'm ready for
but apparently Jed's really happy
because you just won a game so well you
should have seen it me basically stood
up in the night shot with like deal I
really didn't so you seem pretty happy
fun really please don't pay any more
support now really I should have a go
Rudy you should teach me what secure
yeah let's do that you teach me
I'll teach inside so I'm just like I've
come down for lunch no committee now
coming for dinner
gotcha game broccoli and carrots and
Jed's just in here with me cuz really
has no other choice and he doesn't want
any food yet so I'm gonna see you later
with you which is just great so yeah
cheers the to harden up this actually be
really hard stuff to eat two hands mum's
here dad's here
or do you know I do like to get well jet
to see Owen you want to eat him what are
you doing at you I'm glad you're not
because if we was actually both eating
how impossible would that be us both
like trying to be at the same time that
up that'd be really hard yeah
it's already chocolate if just one of us
so yeah yeah I know have you showed your
ring so jets like there's so many marks
on Jed's rest already
you can barely even see but this is an
update on the rift so what's your plan
through sodium so put your pound I feel
like really because I I've been driven
everyday by PT you can come along to my
personal training session be great fun
well that's that what are you guys doing
camera then when it's not on me never so
together yeah exactly
best boy doing this video cheat you jet
took away to something you don't know
you doing in agree to it did okay
everyone is so to update you it's been a
little bit of struggle the past hour or
so I've been trying to get changed just
been freaking out like a little baby
it's been a struggle and not only just
that we've made it into our gym get kind
up half into our gym get basically it
was able to be able struggle you know
we've gone through a little argument and
then stage we went for a little crisis
but it's alright basically it turns out
because we've got this on we can't get
changed into our actual gym gear and
we're both wearing jumpers yeah so we're
gonna sweat badly and the YCC coffee
without showers why we're not having
troubles together sorry I mean whatever
silly does they want to go to these guys
because I've got PT and I can't cancel
my PT my personal trainers heavy so
cookies not when not only would turn up
in handcuffs but also when I am in a
jumper and I think I've got spin booked
as well so actually our RP to ask let's
do it
oh and almost the jump was freaking out
because I went to the toilet and it was
like oh my god I need to go for a blog
going so Jerry that's weird
yeah you try to be seen it's like normal
yeah I needed to go for a pee or 20 yeah
boom down not down pop the shoulder line
hazing Jed stay strong as well
your home and this has happened we have
gone through all of this jet for the
handcuffs to break so I really thought
we was going to complete this did you
I actually know it's over yeah
so I mean actually the time right now is
you have managed to do about 13 hours
anyways the jet is actually left now
he's bored of the video he's just gone
mr. sniff she disappeared down says
anyways yes that is the end of the video
you know what I'm actually not even that
gutted so after handcuffs was broke
because honesty I'm actually really
really really happy inside Jed's
actually actually he's gone to the
toilet he's like ready to explode he's
been holding it in all day he's like I
don't want to go to the toilet with you
it's weird which to be honest I kind of
don't blame him so he's gone to the
toilet and he's just completely left he
sounds right that's it I'm going to the
toilet now
so anyways I'm kind of not gutted that
the handcuffs have broke although I'm a
little disappointed that we failed but I
really hope you guys did enjoy the video
anyway so to get to it a big thumbs up
you guys did and subscribe down below
and obviously go and turn on that vows
to get notified every single time to
upload a video and also you can go check
out my social media and stuff down below
as well as well as Jed's and I'll see
you guys very very soon
mwah bye
