hi guys so today I'm doing a J or
spinning and today we are doing hashtag
our stamp run I tweeted out saying to
all of you love you follow my Twitter
which is a times are from vodka saying
Twitter thing at the hashtag or jump on
so let's go boom question number one is
do you have a thicker handshake yes not
make one in the video we have one anyway
we have KC art if you have to find each
other as a yogurt what would you call it
each other it suffers a younger I would
need a satoru new yogurt because yeah
sounds like a sack Moony oh my games
fridge get me a few sacrimoni to Jack
apricot like a strawberry one place I
would call you slick back Sunday must be
Kieran don't annoy it that's a good one
that is a good one flick focus son named
Polly said who can do the best dance
move me know is somebody because you can
actually gone bad anyway no this is
somebody that you work with dance good
huh buddy
stop it stop it stop it stop it when you
slap it
see I've been do that as well but just
as I have a lot like a top on this like
really hard for myself to do that's the
reason why I couldn't do that can you
get wait stop my Leo said no elbows or
no need I'm confused
no elbows G strawberries are gonna elbow
Jets about that I mean doesn't lead it
may be what I think it is a strong ha
that me day next question is what do you
dislike such find annoying the most
about each other tough one in the shower
literally hello don't even go there
today right Jake spent half an hour not
in the bathroom no no in the shower in
the shower listened to four songs he
didn't listen did more song
it isn't about 20 hours in a life what
is your favorite memory together suppose
do you have to think if there's one
button sent box is a green one that's
nice to say Center Parcs sometimes
Center Parcs is definitely that was so
much fun so bascially 22 about yes
hashtag TV would you rather shave all of
your hair up or never be able to wash it
my wing yeah I gotta save off let's
shave our heads mushy Voyager I shave my
head right now what's the opposite
person I don't date go to McDonald's
Drive yeah on a mobile paid yeah we've
guaranteed
it isn't about yeah that one's true date
would be stargaze yeah that when you
take you eat the Iceland yep
your due date we're very Nando's dry
every day yeah very go no I know as I
was David go cause in before I can calm
whose eerie loved it
what is the weirdest things you do with
each other
doodle what does not weird though I
don't hop yeah basically there's you see
I have seen love date doing right you
dig basically when you're colder water
basically what on Brighton Pier yeah
something goes for noses calls why do in
the nose cords I on a nose and a nose in
it those warm yeah and she decided oh
you know what I'm gonna sneeze OH lapin
mouth full of snot I didn't know Tate
was gonna do this timing on there always
know it just kidding me cuz he tells me
Oh our key plays wrong sorry I don't get
the pass and another way thing we do
well it's not you it because I actually
love it organism so funny don't this
pretty good who do you think has the
best hair oh geez
if you had to relive a funny moment
together again what would it be and why
farfel off my bike oh my god know if
that was a bet that was given but you
would have read if that were you'd bet
up the vines I was doing the reducer it
was funny
no Maya Bay they always win yeah
basically went to Frankie of Benny's
right and Jay decided to get all these
massive big food I put it in a carry bag
and take it home and it was super high
oh it was the best thing it was so funny
who can hold their breath the longest
oh how either one of you farted or each
other
Neeraj a right and Jay decide you to
fart on my face and then I'm tweeting it
in thought I didn't even happen now I
have to make it real we did it yeah in
two days the most we didn't follow your
face and I said oh because you try find
me your face usually oh oh Sat phone
naive toy indie I kind of have to do
would you rather have a pet penguin
Miami pet sloth sloth because they they
dangle to you in there any riku your
mind move it over slow what does I can
eyes it guys you can plumb an end yeah
no yeah yeah what yeah any don't doubt
my state your eye with the stuff in your
car daleney so we really hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did make sure
you smash a big thumbs up also we filmed
a video over on J channel as well that's
going up the same time to make sure you
go check that out top right of the
subscription subscribe for new and I
will see you next time with another
video
ah is that where the holy see your new
chubby fee don't easily go wait any
fingers no you don't be used to
