hello everyone and welcome back to a new
chat bubble you doing in background
you're tell--you're to in there today's
video is probably I mean I hope hope is
gonna be one of my favorite videos I'm
ever gonna do because it involves one of
you guys today I am gonna be doing
another 24-hour challenge the this time
interviewers house I'm a super excited
her name is lolly
now I've heard that she's basically a
massive fan she has all of my Primark
reign she has all of my merch which is
my vlogs which is my main channel videos
her parents and her brother are actually
in on this they do know that I'm coming
and they're really excited about it as
well so I'm gonna go ahead there now
it's quite cloudy in the morning so I am
ready to do this
and let's go okay everyone let's do it
I'm so excited
such a nice day today too okay so I'm
just standing outside of their house and
I'm gonna go meet her mum cow who is
supposed to be absolutely the most
loveliest lady ever so I'm so excited
and we've going I believe she's actually
asleep her curtains I think that's what
I think I better because got loads of
trophies seeing that but how Curtis is
shot and everything so I'm assuming
she's still in bed it's pretty early in
the morning so I'm gonna go inside um
and begin but Stuart let's go I became
to keep my shoes on I'm like yes
Oh your house is so pretty is that how
much you know but
ok so I have this chat and everybody has
completely left and then like a good 20
minutes live you just in there like I
don't want to move because I don't want
anyone to come back and say forget
anything or anything like that but I
checked they call that the cars have
gone so I've now got the house all to
myself and I'm gonna give you a little
tour because cancer though is actually
fine to do so the kitchen here so
everything's white and gray just how we
love it
here's the table and then you come
through here and then the yeah this is
the lounge so this was one of the rooms
that I like first walkthrough to get
through here and this is where lolly was
this morning so this is the lounge here
so I'm thinking tonight I'm gonna try
because Kerr says that she always like
this has kind of had spot for this you
know everyone always sounds like a spot
for the sofa she says that she always
sits here so I was thinking like if she
because obviously she's gonna help me
with this I'm prank
she's gonna like to put the cushions up
here and I'm gonna like hide behind here
and like try and film them whilst they I
don't know if they watch TV or watch a
movie or whatever they do
so that's like a hiding spot that's an
idea for a hiding spot otherwise I guess
hiding behind here but then it's like if
someone walks around they're gonna catch
me so that that might not work but then
I actually haven't been in this room
what is this room I don't know oh okay
it's just a storage cupboard it's a
storage cupboard this was where I first
walked in so let's go up the stairs and
have a look at Lily's room I haven't
actually seen it yet so I'm so excited
okay
alright is it this one nope it's not
that one let's see this one is it this
one I feel like yeah is this one Oh
oh my goodness how cute so if you
haven't seen all my videos and you
wouldn't know that this is actually my
Primark range so this is actually my
bedding so it's actually the cutest
thing ever
she has all of my bedding my pillows my
eye mask and her room is so pretty you
know what it reminds me of mine so much
like I have this giant unicorn teddy -
so this is a complete overview of the
room it's so so so pretty this is
obviously home it's the dance school
clearly and just really doing amazing
because as you can see all the trophies
over here it's so sweet because this is
exactly what my bedroom used to be like
so it always used to dance so it always
used to have a bunch of trophies and
like I don't know it just really reminds
me of my bedroom so yeah it's really
really really cute and I'm I'm so
excited so I'm thinking maybe an idea of
where I could hide this maybe behind
this mirror because I don't know if I
could like stack something up here so
she couldn't see because all these
wardrobes are Auto this is an even
wardrobe but this is like full of bits
and bobs obviously I can't get in there
and then her wardrobes across here are
too full for me to get in so I don't
think I'll be able to get in there so I
guess the only place I could probably
hide us in here and there's me there I
am okay right let's move on to the next
room I'm actually still so nervous I
know that out and everything but I'm
just nervous for them to get home
because it allowed you know what time
they're going to go home I think that
means I'm going to struggle with is
actually finding a hiding spot I don't
really know where I'm gonna hide I've
given you some like ideas of where am i
hide but like I just don't know I just
don't want to get caught straightaway I
have a feeling I will get caught but I
mean I might not it might last the whole
night who knows I'll be so proud of
myself I do honestly but yeah I don't
know it's just gonna be hard so I guess
I'm just gonna spend the next however
long just trying to look for a hiding
spot and I will update you on that so I
have decided sitting around and my
favorite programmers on this morning now
I never already get to see this because
I'm never really up early enough so life
is great and this starts you one of my
faves
so yeah
just keep on
some TV and stuff and actually I've
really been enjoying myself but I
haven't I should've been outside so I
think I might go have a little look up
there because I'm breaking a sweat in
here
so I might go outside and show you the
outside as well of the house okay so
I've come outside now this is their
Guardian which again it's just amazing
and I'm still loving the fact that
everything is grey as well
I don't know what this is is this some
stuff like officee thing not sure yeah
oh yeah is that's cool John here's the
gym oh my gosh so cool oh my god is it
just you Matt okay is it just you back
is anyone else home oh my god dude
I just walked in and Harris oh my god
I'm so sorry I didn't realize you were
back
you actually just fighting the knife at
me a little bit what are you men doing
stood in the way there's some way oh my
god okay I might join you in the gym I
just really hope the others don't get
home they've been out for a couple hours
okay
so even though I'm really not dressed
for it me and Harrison just a nailed our
gym workout did we absolutely killed it
and I'm actually exhausted it's like
hour later now so who okay so Cal's just
message me basically saying that they're
on their way back so I need to be really
quick I'm kind of freaking out and I
still have no hiding spots the only
place I can think of is this mirror here
so I'm going to try and our she's got my
Primark mirror I'm gonna try and hi pint
here so I guess just like take
everything out but it's gonna be hard to
put it all back myself you know so now
I'm gonna move this ah okay where to put
that back after so this is where I'm
thinking of hiding now so put this like
over here and I've shoved this up and
then when she comes I couldn't like
almost just like ducked down and I don't
think she'll fight like she won't notice
me I mean I wouldn't notice anyone so
hopefully so I've hid that behind here
you can see the dressing-gown if I had
to like shove it over the top I don't
really think she's gonna notice cuz when
I go out I don't really notice if I'm a
moose
I just got yeah I think so just make
sure she doesn't scratch us that's what
so just what you just gonna dominate
okay
Nietzsche expanded behind the wall
Custer I've got to go through yeah okay
I want to go back and hide because I was
letting other still do cold stares and
there she is
but Betty well Julian hmm so actually
I'm gonna head to that town I'm gonna go
sit behind the sofa my favorite place to
sit now it's a really unhelpful yeah
I'll be there too long but basically I'm
gonna go and post his picture where you
going do it I don't even know if she'd
like cats or I don't know I don't know
if I would catch one no I don't know
would cuz you just think Buster's not
gonna happen is it
so what about you guys we're gonna go
ahead back down the stairs okay wait
Oh
Oh Nick DeVito I turned away she's gotta
find me she's doing no no no my life
that was my mornings yeah Heidi in your
house using a pencil this morning but
Alexa thank you so much you look so good
in the March you're rocking it I love it
looks so good
whoo you know I was icy dying of love in
his corner for like so long she's even a
pixel of Pisa I think I've been up in
your veggie sori I've been up in your
bedroom I hope you don't mind but yeah
you called me these guys are all in on
it so they helped me a lot did you do
expect this no it's all you guys done a
good job thanks for helping me out guys
yeah it's been good yay
