hi everyone I hope you doing well today
this video is some sort of makeup
tutorial and saying some sort of because
I don't actually know I'm going to call
this yeah it's definitely going to be
something junk store makeup tutorial
because I use a whole of drugstore
makeup products although I'm gonna lie I
do use two products that will be
drugstore and this is good because I
felt as if they stood with the look
better why I'm gonna do because who
ordered them a truck so I'm gonna link
like the two that aren't down below like
dupes up there that you can find the
drugstore and the ones that I do use and
also with the product side you to use
I'm going to look below as well so make
sure you go check them out I hope you
guys enjoyed this video just to let you
know I'm not a makeup artist so it's not
going to be perfect but this is a makeup
look that I love growing myself so I
hope you guys enjoy it and let's see how
many how many nights we can smash up
there's giant smash sixth on the lights
and let's get right into the video so
here is my bare face before I apply my
makeup I always apply primer and this is
prime time by then
so for my foundation I'm using the
bushwa 1-2-3 puppet foundation and
honestly your works and miracles it's so
amazing at high carb rates like it
covers my skin so so well and it's so
easy to apply the shade I use is light
beige and to rub this foundation in I
use a stippling brush I find stippling
brush this is so much better to use when
applying nikkor foundation as I find
this brush really blends every nice
so once I've applied all my foundation I
then go on to a concealer that I use
which is Maybelline instant age I erase
our it's also amazing and not only do I
use some hugs cover-up spots a day I'm
using it in to contour and it really
really works I use it in the shade light
the reason why you want to use a lighter
shade is so it can highlight these areas
on your face and brighten up under your
eyes and generally just give your face
more of a guy
so once I've applied that this is when I
go and use my Beauty Blender obviously
as it says in the title of its name is
great at blending so I'm just rubbing
this in by using a dabbing motion
as you can tell my base makeup is now
done and now it's time to move on to
some contouring when contouring I use
the candy table you stick it is amazing
once again I use it all the time and I
apply this underneath my cheekbone my
jawline and my forehead so to blend this
in I'm using a contour brush but I
actually got from super junk and I can't
remember the name right now so I'll link
it below and it really is good and by
the way this tastes a whole lot of
blending and blending and blending
and well pretty much more blending
so then when that is finally done I then
go to my eyebrows and I use the sleep I
remind
the shade that I use is light 8:17 and
the way I do this is I get the square
shaped brush and I just draw on the
shape for a woman eyebrow and then I
just fill it in and as you can tell
shaping and coloring your eyebrows can
make a big difference so for eyeshadow
I'm going for a really really subtle
nook and the palette that I'm using
right now is by Kiko and I'm just
getting the white as a base color and
this applying this on the base of my
eyelid the colors I'm using a not very
dark I use a brow but most of it is
mainly white and gold
so once I've applied the wire all over
my base the second pallet that 11 using
is by sleek and this is the all night
long pallet I'll just use a shade brown
and I'm just applying this and the
crease of my eye and just blending in I
then want to use a glittery gold on the
outside corner of my eye or PO I must
admit this is the first time I use this
palette and expected the gold to be so
much more glittery which is quite a
disappointment but it still gives it a
nice golden color although just not as
glittery as I expected
so then I'm just repeating the same
routine on the other eye and then I'm
going ahead and using this shimmer up by
a benefit and it's like really really
glittery white shimmer and I just
applied this at the very bottom of my
lower lid and just blend it in with my
finger and my brush and then just blend
in the rest of the eye I used to miss
gaara's the first mascara that I use is
by bare minerals and the reason why I
used two is because one of them is great
for spreading out your lashes which is
this one by bare minerals and then the
second mascara that I used which is by
miss 40 is a lot thicker brush and is so
much clumpy are two therefore make sure
eyelashes look a lot thicker and longer
to finish up the eyes I'm going to apply
some false eyelashes for a really fun
effect this isn't easy for anyone
practice really does make perfect I
usually do one on the other unless I'm
going somewhere really special where I
want to really stand out striking them
the finish of the whole face I'm going
to apply my shimmer blush by a
toothpaste which is so so pretty and the
packaging is absolutely gorgeous
followed by L'Oreal Julian's red
lipstick I really feel this completes my
Valentine's look with the gold eyes and
the red lip so I really hope you guys
enjoyed this look I think it's such a
nice lip area you guys did enjoy if you
did once again smashing up big thumbs up
subscribe my video and I will see you on
Wednesday with another video
