hi guys so this is my first blog I've
just realized that I filmed the intro to
this whole vlog the completely wrong way
around so that's why it probably has two
black borders now so excuse that it's
like a learning process for me hi guys
so this is my second week of vlogging
now hi guys hi Ron hi guys how are you
guys hi nice hi guys hey guys welcome
back to my channel fiber and good
morning good afternoon good evening
wherever you are in the world today I
inform you this video without hunter
cave and it feels so good right where do
I even start
I think I've ever won an Oscar or
something like I just want to thank each
and every one of you so badly obviously
I can't do that if I could I would but
obviously I can't do that so this why
I'm saying right now is my way to thank
all of you so so much but it's for all
of your support for your kind words and
I don't think she right sometimes are
amazing and you're always there like
setting timers for my videos and stuff
and it's crazy and I'm just so
overwhelmed and like obviously I can't
hate a lot and people don't like my
videos but all that really does is push
me on and of course you guys are so much
stronger than them there's so many more
of you than the heart of them that it
doesn't bother me anymore and you guys
set timers for my videos you know so
much about me you've met my family you
know what's my favorite food where I
like to go and are we getting to
recognize a lot of your guys names as
well which is so cool cuz it's like one
big extended family and yeah it's just
amazing so thank you so much anyway
enough of the mushy stuff it's now my
turn to tell you about my competition
and which means I can give back to you
guys which is so exciting because I feel
as though I have the best giveaway
because if I got this well I haven't got
it out I cried I would cry again so I
was so excited for you guys to win this
although I'm actually going to be giving
away two different things
the main giveaway is only for the UK
well unless you would travel to England
which is really annoying
and I do realize that one out I
just didn't even think about it which
means I've got another giveaway it might
not be as a side room but I still think
it's really cool and I could just post
it out to you wherever you this so
giveaway number one here's the personal
clue so the first giveaway is to Justin
Bieber tickets on the 12th of October at
the o2 arena I'm going to insert your
seats up here for the winners Jake and I
going also so we'll be able to meet you
there TV your tickets it should be
really cool because we get to meet you
guys before the show and have drinks and
stuff or take pictures together and then
you can go and enjoy the show
so how you enter this giveaway as this
is a thank you to everyone that has
given me support on YouTube all you have
to do is make sure you're subscribed to
this channel like this video and make
sure you subscribe to my channel
which will be the top line of the
description below
I can check everyone that's done all
three so make sure you go ahead and do
that to be entered is so easy and it's
literally as simple as that so the
giveaway winner will be announced on the
14th of February so there's it like nine
days so you don't have long although
it's not very hard to do it all you have
to do is click some buttons but yeah
anyway let's move on to the second
giveaway so the second giveaway which I
am so excited about I miss it to do with
my merch which is coming out in a couple
of weeks so make sure you look out for
that and let you win this giveaway I'm
going to be giving away a one-off hoodie
so basically the reason behind this
being one off is because they send my
merch in the wrong color of this one
hoodie anyway and let's just say I'm
absolutely in love with it I was going
to keep it for myself I thought why
don't give it to one of you guys which
is amazing because it means you're going
to get a one-off Verde and not only that
you're going to be the first person to
ever receive my mouth which i think is
pretty cool you'll be getting two
wristbands included and also a top of
your choice from the merch store now I'm
going to show you this John fun now
which is so exciting because I'm
absolutely in love with it
this philospher you save for nobody else
in use yet nobody is that
by much this is the early jumper in this
color and I am so happy with my design
so this is what it looks like it has a
marble effect and the jumper and white I
think is so nice and as you can tell
it's a hoodie so it has a hood and it's
really warm
I'm so excited for one of you guys to
win this and to be the first-ever person
to get my match the same rules apply all
you have to do is subscribe to this
channel my Vulcan channel and give this
video a big thumbs up and it's so easy
to enter both of my giveaways all of you
that don't when don't worry because Jake
and I will be doing a joint giveaway
soon and third one in the year for more
Justin Bieber tickets and not only that
my merch is coming up very soon so look
after that water and I will see you soon
with another video thank you thank you
thank you bye thank you
