good morning everybody so here is my
much requested morning routine I really
hope you guys enjoy this video if you do
make sure to hit a big thumbs up so once
my alarms gone off usually around 8:30
a.m. if I have things to do the first
thing I go and do is check out my social
media
I went straight onto my Instagram to see
what's been happening overnight and just
scroll down my feet and then followed by
Twitter I absolutely love Twitter
because it's a really easy way for
myself to interact with you guys so make
sure you're following me I'm seven bar
club so we can have a little chat on
there all my links to my social media
will be linked below in the description
then I go ahead and tweet my morning
tweet which I do every single day
you
so then I put my phone down my laptop
comes straight up and this is where I
checked my staff and personally I check
my vlogging channel which is suffering
Barker blogs if you don't subscribe to
me on there then make sure you go ahead
and do that and then follow by my main
channel then also I go a reply to a
bunch of viewer over on my main channel
and look at my newest comments and we
can have a little chat on there and then
finally I check out my subscription box
which is my favorite thing to do because
I just love watching other people's
YouTube videos
once that's done and I checked up on all
my social media I then go put on my UGG
zippers which I absolutely adore and
love to pieces and then I go and do my
usual bathroom routine so welcome to the
bathroom there I am that's me and I'm
getting out my toothbrush and my
toothpaste currently my mouthwash and
then finally my face wash first things
first I'm going to brush my teeth and of
course to put my toothpaste on my
toothbrush as you can see and there I am
brusha brusha brusha brusha my teeth
whilst posing at the camera and you know
spit it out rinse it round and then go
to the next stage the mouthwash
so then I go ahead and I pour my single
some warm water ready to wash my face
and to wash my face I use
e45 cream which isn't actually a face
wash it's actually a moisturizer but the
good thing about this is it removes all
of my makeup off my skin as well as
moisturizing at the same time so it's
like a two-in-one and actually got
recommended this by the doctor and it's
really good for cleansing your skin
I got recommended this by the doctor
when I had really bad skin and it's
really helped to improve it so I really
recommend it if you're looking for a
cheap face water that really does work
and you can get this from any drugstore
so once my face is dry I then go and
apply my daily moisturizer so you can
soak in before I put on my makeup and
there's me I'm all ready to go head
downstairs and go have my breakfast
once I'm in the kitchen the first thing
I do is head for cereals and usually I
have wheat a bit and this is what I ate
today today I'm having plain meaty Bix
but sometimes I put on banana or some
fruit like strawberries and raspberries
but today I just don't really feel like
having it so I didn't but if you ever
want to try something on top or Weetabix
and I definitely recommend free
so as a lot of you may know I blog every
single weekend now so if you're not
subscribed to my channel make
sure you go and do that and there I am
just a vlogging walking up the stairs
once I'm back in my room it's time to
apply my makeup and I do this
cross-legged on the floor but in front
of the door every single day and my mum
still seems to somehow forget and seems
to open the door and budging every
single time but you know I carry on do
my makeup my everyday makeup routine if
you want to see my makeup routine I do
have this on my channel so make sure you
go check that out also so when I do my
hair and makeup I always have my laptop
next to me as I'm always watching
YouTube videos and the final thing of my
morning routine what to wear so this is
what I'm wearing it's a gray denim tops
and blue ripped jeans and my red
trainers and of course I've got my red
lipstick to match and as I said it is a
really really casual outfit and yes I
need to grab my bag grab my coat and I'm
ready to go and I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you did make sure to smash
a big thumbs up and subscribe to Anu and
I will see you soon with another video
bye
