welcome back to my channel today and
look who I'm joined with my bro oh yeah
I'm Casey yeah you have those hope like
to put on my channel for such a long
time today's video is actually I want to
be really excited because we've done
kind of things similar to this but
basically on Instagram they have this
new thing Noah you guys can ask us
questions so I thought it'd be really
fun for you guys have basically make
assumptions about us basically I come on
a picture of actually mean Jeb because
he wasn't here at the time case
basically saying assume something's
about us and we will battle it out and
see if it's true both of them both
flying in the questions really quickly
before we do actually get into it this
video is actually kindly sponsored by
now TV the really good thing about no TV
is the fact that it's like a streaming
service and you can actually choose what
passes rather than you know just getting
all four at one bunch so if you don't
want to sports like I don't then why why
would you buy it basically actually
younger brother watch is that yeah and
then you get all four it's actually
something that we all have and we all
use I use it I've got you do use that
yeah basically there's like different
passes and stuff and I put the sports
one and what the kids are on Harlow
loves kids
cinema sports I'm also laughs when I'm
missing out entertainment entertainment
Hey I don't actually use the sports one
so much sports so I actually told you we
have a four yeah because you would
sports obviously anyways I'm really
excited for you guys to see
like I heard you guys do enjoy and
without forever I do you guys ready oh
go subscribe Katie gotta follow Jen
anyways without further ado let's get
into the video right side of buzz
assumption is ICU itself runs the best
liar I agree
well I reckon I'm the best persuader so
the challenge and I reckon I hate that I
don't lie but like I'm good at like
convincing and stuff I reckon I'll be oh
I think we should all call a friend and
like we just have to like just check out
super Amish and basically yeah so who's
the best like always go buzz okay I'm so
upset because basically right I just
like so angry at my mom so I just didn't
leave my youtube channel unlike when she
finds I'm just gonna kill me because I
was just so angry at my mom and I was
just like I just had to delete it I
didn't know what to do so I just delete
it and I know I just need to think of a
back-up plan
no there's like no way so I'm gonna have
to go to college I just delete it and
now I'm gonna have to go to college but
obviously that I'm not an academic
person so I think I'm gonna try go to
the clutch that you went to the dance
yeah thank you and you're you so you
basically
just call what do you mean it's just
what pregnant accent I call me ASAP
hello you're right I've just found out
some news
basically knees pregnant again no she is
now that's not the bit that shocking she
she
we've just had like a 12-week scan his
Twitter is twins yeah I'm turn that I'm
joining team ten hello
okay and I just wanted to say like
obviously like can you try to keep it
quiet like because I already want many
people know I've been like talking to
like Jake pulls up manager for a little
bit like like two weeks and this I
actually confirm that I'm gonna be
moving over to and I enjoin team ten and
I have to start like a you cheat on
everything I just I don't know I feel
really weird that I'm gonna be moving
away from everyone I just don't know
what to do yeah like no joke right
I don't even know what to do I'm so
excited but I'm also not like you're
well scared
oh is that like if you could like come
out and visit me sometimes I like about
we will feel lonely I know I just want
to let you know so Jen and I score a
point you are shaking I don't know I
keep thinking that oh my god it's like
you actually are to a new team tonight
you believe yourself right the next
assumption is that Jake entering a pint
of milk the quick it's gonna be close I
think you're right ready why we don't
actually have oh it's so annoying by two
points two points that's fine run it
into three cups and so you can Jonathan
you fill them right up top but do it
like in three cuz you're gonna fill that
one too high no this should be enough if
you think we're gonna fill these grasses
okay as long as we filled these glasses
that's all that yeah the video once was
crazy all right
we've got this backup piece yeah oh yeah
we haven't got a little bit more we have
got a little bit more on the dot
he's a dot guys no that's not that my
sluts hang on they're free right okay
I'm still going for this one it's my
lucky one cheers to that
okay he's just getting me much he's
getting ready
three three two one two
I've got no milk in my hair you've got
to go straight I left on this I ought to
bring down the vegan I finished it first
you'll see it you'll soon I then just
making sure I didn't tip me off well you
wasn't even like both of you wasn't even
like two seconds
no I mean I'm about fine it's too Swift
every day so Chet
right it pressures on now okay and
thankfully someone's as soon as I'm the
best or something
right well I assume Casey is the best at
football it--okay he's probably actually
better than Jack I play the most i watch
the most I finally watched it again
because the promo leaks just died again
so it's on the now TV sports par so yeah
I've been watching on there as long as
have I watched you know so much she has
two different kids
I wish the rugby and the Crick and stuff
on there as well but this challenge but
I know that is it that is it no that
wasn't I don't know
well I just know I'm not going up here
all right in these trees I can't even
get that far because you'd need to get
your leg really hard to keep up is okay
right just finally got a point right
next one is I assume saffron is the
favorite child
that's not very wrong is it yes I think
the only way to prove this one is for
all of us to text mum or dad and the
same time as Seager applies a quickie
fetch didn't apply to me either show all
of our last headaches she's not all
great text so it's a mom / - mom
bring me a SUP so we can just see who
she rings yeah okay so call me ASAP
wait me worried let's all put the same
thing delivered so let's hold it I'll
send it as a tax are we gonna get really
worried yeah cuz Oh free of gossip she's
probably gonna find you almost mature
yeah rinse up and let's be honest okay
so now it is awaiting guy and we just
sit away from mother but you probably
get it later and go oh did you text me
that yeah she bought me text her she
said everything okay so you're the
favorite joke she takes you
when she takes me and Jade text me why
are you texting me you just thought
you'd ring when you yeah I know
she takes Jeff what's up she takes Casey
everything ok she's put me she takes me
got no side thank you so much
thank you okay and I do not feel like
the favorites my aunt is even for an
explanation mark to make that clear be
the favorite toys on the favorite child
yeah I assume Casey is the best at
flipping pancakes probably true
I made the batter mix as well by the way
guys it was awful what is it look
Whitney critic really what is it like it
looks good oh oh oh my god you can only
do what are you more than that cycling
for my quarry
it looks like an entree go what no no no
no no no it's ready mate go one two
three four oh no you set the half
doesn't count
you said the hard count right so we
thought to test this one we dad to get
fucking Disney quiz we have a helper
Jordan Jordan give up you need to go
home
how many wishes how many wishes Jeannie
is three how many Twitter films all
three
I said poke around so like oh yeah
what's the name of the of the giganticus
Australian shark in Finding Nemo be more
like three time you go guess and then I
don't know that's not answer now the cut
now the answers have to come up ABCD in
order that's so active and my brain and
then we got a buzz in when we think we
know a shame be Jason see Tim it's brave
stick will do Mike you still lose next
question what is known as grandmother
spirit cuz I'm going to say Jedi
actually watch it laughs and I sit in my
power so here we go wait I knew
we watched it last night I was really
really tall right sir I isn't it yeah
you should know that we watched it no no
I'm actually got it that I love start to
read fast
I'm a Disney I know that I miss me holla
can I also just not watching film so I
mean I'm just afraid the only one I got
right was minor and that's because I
watched it yesterday to be fair my
memory is really bad but I watched so
many movies and so many Disney movies on
my cinema actually they set him up with
my favorite because I watched so many
films so I really thought I was gonna
win that but no yeah so basically I suck
these guys these guys they drew I can't
believe you drew though someone to win
you know he won't even equate thank you
so much for watching don't forget take a
big thumbs up go and subscribe to
Casey's channel I will leave it down
below you could also go and check out my
regret it you can also go check out over
see Casey's social media as well as Jed
social media I believe both like and
obviously my social media this would
also give a big thanks and our TV for
actually sponsoring this video
honestly we love them so so so much and
if you want to know any more info about
no TV I will link it all down below it
go and check it out thank you so much
for watching I will see you guys very
very soon
mwah
