hi hi so today I'm doing Jay Jay who is
now known as father Christmas lobby
Queen there were incidents in
confessedly colleges that I can point
them you don't know that you should pray
and today we have made up our own like
Christmas quiz condom change
it's basically Christmas quiz and Casey
is behind the camera he has thought of
some questions for us and we are going
to answer them and how many questions
are there there's 13 13 questions ok so
that's an unlucky number 13
that's why I say speaking of it is good
yes okay to those 13 questions we're
going to answer them and see who will be
the winner who knows most of our
Christmas heavy Winnie buzzers you have
to buzz first your body impression my
advisor is one weighs the range image
it's kind of a cross knit
what is it as eyeballs up right pushing
whether you should buy that change
creativity sir oh yeah that's easy to do
that to me from your buzzer Jake your
buzzer ah Jake your Paula take your
buzzer no no stop for your boss over
suffer your puzzle take your buzzer huh
right I think we're ready right question
number one casing the first question is
name three movies with Christmas in the
title okay so Jake three movies
Christmas Carol
one definition play my Merry Christmas
what are they marry Christmas sue
no no I think that he's actually
anything okay well yes on Christmas time
management was tiny but one point is to
saffron what it was
question number two how many points does
a snowflake out ah Jake eight incorrect
hazard a guess
yeah right and six great boom has six
questions number three what is my true
love send on the eighth day of Christmas
ghost always two times dang it I don't
know it no poisons on that one
it's eight maids for milking okay I
never want to get that one of you I
don't even know no I did the poetry
tennis entry two dogs and five laundry
yeah that was mom's question I didn't
have a clue on that makes I guarantee so
many people watching this place
so Leah question number four what is
Scrooge's first name
oh no is it no name
it's it's a knife - saffron Steve Irish
style iteration you come yeah yeah
I don't speak went out together Oh Evan
ISA I'm gonna say I don't believe that I
did it in year 7 7 I didn't we go go
okay
81 complete this line of the movie title
very little on Mars nah nah Jake
Christmas Eve no ah
oh I've known exactly like my head no I
do know this I actually do oh my god I
know that I don't know it but I do know
needs
I've seen this homie time oh this is
really annoying I don't know a twenty
four thirty two three four we go
24:34 oh so the answer that question is
Miracle on 34th Street I'll just say
going straight oh how am I doing with
you anything like skeptoid Spinoza
question number six
name three ingredients in a traditional
Christmas pudding 25 yeah Gooden is
Christmas pudding
so you eat oil to stay on fire okay
actually because I can incorrect by the
way that you need a very for the to die
than you hydrogen anytime sorry then you
know but yes I'm Lynn together this fund
Kate newsroom right raises yep right if
you want to make a Christmas pudding
yeah what would you do what would you
get out the fridge sour egg so hey
raisins oh hey
ingredients I like em you take your bit
name three two
question number seven what film is this
line from will you please tell Santa
that this year I just want my family
back
I will know we watched home and I'm to
get our Natalie fun you're gonna yeah no
I think they give your back oh oh no let
me just get a replay okay well we'll go
with Jake I said was the first of a
bonus question number eight was the name
of the period leading up to Christmas oh
I've been great no man no yeah no Marian
quit Anton is there I was gonna say
Christmas Eve I can say wind-up
Christmas yeah mine for free today
question number nine Destiny's Child
version of 8 days of Christmas
what did my baby give me on the second
day and I say mrs. oh my god I'm so
happy my god don't don't
Jesse supplies from I'm actually this
one's at you on my head and it's one my
favorites oh my god Casey how still got
my head you know like oh I love this
song so much like aa is the bread shop
is just fresh off holding of me we're
going to push the bus let's wait a
second one day this is forgive me I wish
I did it done Betty wait a second
increases it would get to me de parler
hopefully oh my god I'm getting da meat
drop doorbell ring incorrect
yes it's keys to a C okay well they will
become like cycles before Santa Claus
more red which colors green Jake I know
passante Grinch boy so you never knew it
no costly greens of all Grinch you're
gonna say blue I was gonna I was acting
say green pilgrim you know why you
change to red why tell postboxes nope
well coca-cola's advertising campaign go
away yeah right to see you next time
question 11 so we all know Rudolph has a
red nose but does he have antlers
yes what
well of the trick question when I'm
doing it even question number 12 what is
the most popular item to go on top of
the British ah Jake angel angel
final question if saffron gets it and go
to tiebreak
okay if Jay gets it game over who was
rumored to have stolen Christmas ah
great great saffron mr. Braun that says
I've never so I know I kept my mouth
shut I very calmly and I said the green
even show Omega chicken I'm gonna go we
starting to make it time right I like
Leon that with Sam gonna make it
tiebreaker
I know the tiebreaker question is
Oh which country spend the most money on
Christmas incorrect
no and talked about Holly any more legs
no yo if I thought cuz I know Poland are
writing are we going video no you've
taken us a is your answer yeah Jake
you've taken Russia as your answer
facing at the top seeded one out of
those two is USA in for use first
Romania what we mean hey winner
rush window up oh yeah all not one name
definitely deserved it so we are going
to end it together now as I'm going out
and either more about Christmas we also
did a video born James channel and it
also is prison relate which was related
so go check that out the link will be
the top line of description big thank
you to Casey for being a presenter he's
channeling but I that's what you need to
know please and a further half come one
Wow by happy other days one right thank
you for watching
yes
