hi guys so today I'm doing a favorites
video hand but Christmas tip guide video
now I combine the two as I feel every
favor of this month is definitely a good
Christmas gift and fibers are so I mean
why not combine the two now today's
video is going to be kind of a chatty
video as I'm just talking about why I
absolutely love these items and why I
think they'll be really really good also
before we get into this video can we
just talk about my Christmas jumper oh
my goodness I'm just no amount with the
scar and this Scott it's actually
attached I mean seriously can you get
any cuter no you can't that's the answer
to that question and wait for it wait
for it wait for it here it goes okay so
I'll get it set for this Ching's it
doesn't kind of end
how cute was that
come on yeah this is adorable you want
to practice this jump off it's matter
than god I love it love it also one more
thing before I came to this video now
I'm really sorry this love interest
because that there's just so much
Italian some of the items have you hold
not know everything okay why she got
like a hundred fifty passed on her and
it's because my nails snapped off and I
mean member own as well which is
absolutely disgusting and I'm telling
you now it was the most painful thing in
the world
so I wearing a lovely big puffs out on
my thumb actually it's not big but it's
a really yeah basic upswing parser but I
made it cuter by printer how I could do
and on rather than the brown plain one
so okay so the first product I'm going
to be showing you is the spin for
perfect skin now this is a spin brush
from vanity planet and oh my goodness it
is amazing it's made such a difference
to my skin now this is a my own one I
actually have my own upstairs this is
what I got for my mom for Christmas
because it's what she's been asking for
and it's amazing
to keep these in mind which is really
really annoying so I have to get home
for Christmas I'm showing you this one
today as it will be a lot tidier and
it's brand new
compared to my own upstairs so I will
show you realness like my side so this
part is for attachment so that obviously
this is the handle here this is an
exfoliating brush there are two face
brushes and this is called the pumice
stone and actually desert that really
really basically this gets all the dead
skin and the dry skin off your feet and
it is amazing and the face washes hair I
use every single night
it is amazing as well basically the
whole thing is amazing now this is
originally a hundred dollars but I have
a 70% discount code which i think is
insane all of you guys can use it it
would be in the top line of the
description so go check that out if you
wanna buy this I honestly think it's a
bargain so how can you not so literally
so the next product I'm showing you ah
the new so ranges I wanted to include
these today because they are so
affordable and I don't think it makes
such a great gift now I buy these all
the time and as Christmas is coming off
they have brought their new gift sets
that I'm absolutely loving and all of
these are a bargain under six pounds is
seriously you can't go wrong the perfect
you are now this is a perfume and a body
spray for $4.99 seriously $4.99 from
perfume and a body spray that is crazy
and I just love the smell of this so
much and also the packaging of this is
so cool it's like really funky and girly
and I just think it looks so nice as
well it looks so much more expensive
than it actually is so this is a love of
mine and I think I make a perfect
Christmas gift actually have this at
home I wear it all the time and I always
get a comment
oh my goodness affirm you smell so nice
what you're wearing and when I tell them
I literally cannot believe the prize
like it's as good as all my really
expensive perfume so this is a love and
I think it'd just be perfect
the next box that they do is the city
chic collection now this consists of
three body sprays and these will smell
absolutely incredible oh we have the
Paris spray the Rio and London Eye sorry
if I'm like in a different position now
and this is because my camera stopped
recording which is so annoying
but anyway my last gift from so is the
mini galore set and this is so cute my
love about this is it's just handbag
size like it can fit it like any handbag
it's so easy you get four different
sprays but only 399 which is amazing and
once again they smell amazing and if you
want to check these out the link will be
in the top line of the description right
so moving on these are both petals now
these are known as soap flowers and I
just think these are so so pretty now if
you're a lover for flowers like myself
and a cute love roses by the way Bruce
is my favorite flowers come on below
your favorite flowers off because I am
obsessed with ours they ought to see my
favorite things and I don't think this
is so so pretty especially in the bath
and noticed as well you get some food
Instagram pictures coming on I get these
all the time these are so so cheap so if
you want to know what these from the
links will be in the description as well
as everything else I'm showing you today
and also these as well I know they're
supposed to be for baths but like if you
need them on the light side of your
bedroom they actually looks so so pretty
like when I just like got a massive
tiger of my bedroom and it's really
clean and nice I've always put this on
the side because they smell amazing as
well and they just look so so pretty and
perfect so these are another gift idea
that I just think would be so good for
Christmas especially a good one for like
nuns and stuff as well and just because
this is something that like everyone
would love so so so cheap such a bargain
go buy it you're buying for someone that
loves makeup it's really hard
oh I personally think any way to like
choose a makeup they would like it
because everyone has their own different
shades and most people stick to what
they like whether this only do one shade
and it's just amazing so I don't think
anyone can go wrong with it it's just I
just love it so much basically you can
get this for your girlfriend your mom
your sister your best friend anyone you
would like I would love to get this on
Christmas Day because it's such a
special treat to me and I personally
know it's amazing so I final item I've
showed you guys today is one of my
favorite things in the world and it is
so so adorable and it this got oh my
goodness it's so so fluffy I'm sure with
it looks like corn and this is what it
looks like it's so nice it's like big
jackets and like just jumpers and saw
and it keeps you so so boy and right now
doing my take off because it's so cuddly
but I'm having to it is when he actually
has like so you can cross it over like
it has a button there so it's easy to
let cross over then flick it across that
there and it's just so adorable and this
is from nuna and honestly it's one of
the best things I've ever bought and
we're going to send departs a while back
I all this like every single day every
like one of you are so I got it from so
this is from new look so so cute and
perfect for the winter perfect for
Christmas time would be an amazing gift
if I receive this I'd be so so happy as
it's so cute so pretty and I love it and
it definitely keeps you warm as well so
yeah this is amazing this is from new
look so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and I just love phone videos like
this because I love looking back at my
favorite items that I have just recently
brought and what
what I absolutely love doing whores it's
just so much fun to film so I really
hope you guys enjoyed this video
just before we end and I will see you
next time bye
