hello everyone and welcome back to my
Channel today I enjoyed with my nan aka
the most adorable person on the planet I
love her so much and in fact not only do
i but so do a ton of you guys hence of
why nanny is bad Danny IV is back on the
channel I know you guys absolutely loved
the last video we've done together so
last time you do my makeup yeah so now
you choosing my outfits instead one no
I'd imagine it really excited I have no
idea what you've got me like I don't
know if it's a dress try don't tell me
surprise him now so I didn't get him so
wintery and I'm coming in to serve me
the cannoli I mean I did it for I hurt
my leg
yeah so my nanny's been a little bit
poorly cuz she heard us out she's on the
mend now we're here getting better
several and centaurum your wishes down
in the comments below but I really hope
you guys do enjoy the video don't forget
to hit big thumbs up if you guys do and
subscribe down below got subscribe
because why go subscribe cuz Nantz also
here even though she's still she's doing
well I really hope you guys do enjoy the
video you ready snowboarder you got to
do it with me yeah lets you know this
lets get into the video
Madden's clearly got a lot just a
gigantic yeah just come with it fun
outfit in that entire back okay so just
to make it clear I know absolutely
nothing that my Nan's got me she ordered
it all herself I think my mom actually
helps you with this side I know ASA says
I'm gonna the biggest shot so I don't
know if he was on the right side but
we've got that we got a massive a so
coming back to me that you know I really
like the color
oh my goodness we're serious a dress
it's a trench now look detail honestly
ah it's actually really nice girl like
flared arms as well which is really cool
I'm really into flares at the moment I'm
actually really happy I really like it
I'm not a lot detail basically yellows
my favorite color I guess my mom's right
you say you're one of your favorite
colors today yeah doesn't really
surprise me of happy yes thank you train
on the harmony I am going to air on
Chrome wave boys the only thing is the
fact that it goes straight down and I'm
just she's not sure what hacker that
other than I spell yeah well did you get
me about that's the question you know we
had to do a really good job now you only
show me one thing that you've already
whipped out the vans as well to go with
it and I thought this is gonna be a
really cute kind of okay thank you
how have I not seen these before I don't
know but this is like me and you in a
shoe I feel like that should be a boat
isn't it
oh honey dresses that be wearing these
all the time they're so nice no no no I
would like to so beyond it's like
yellows my favorite colleague you've
nailed it with the dress I think you've
nailed it with the shoes
so so far life is looking up man I have
to be honest I did not expect this like
I mean I didn't think he was gonna do
bad I wasn't doubting you but like I
didn't so just read this good I feel
like these are like thinks I would just
go out and buy myself I know you better
than you do maybe you do
I love I'm just not sure I feel like if
I saw you in the street in that and I
can't know your what happened after you
you are gonna do this for sure everyone
but it looks like you have got a bag of
wool what is it oh I was he kind of cute
we know I would never wear but you could
oh you know me i'll never go anything
but like this could look cool in the
pictures maybe not with the bake boy
sparkly festival hat and the days and
shoes and the yellow you know the yellow
dress like it no yeah
you've gotten so all over the top this
is really cool you know I would never
expect in a million years my nan to buy
me a bum bag actually yeah at least I
wanted to use about now no thank you
can you drop all that this can be my
phone now clever than you think
you ready I'm gonna go ahead and try
this bad boy on how do you think it's
gonna work I think you look amazing I'm
actually really excited yeah you ready
yeah I'm ready to go do it what can I
say for tip yeah ready but I'm gonna
help yeah exactly you know it I'll call
this horrendous benefit well I'll put it
off no I really don't I really don't put
it off do you think you thrown in big
bag on your head you don't it's good
human and you gotta say the hat looks
quite a few today I know the shoes are
really nice and I really like the bum
bag I think he gives you that kind of
like extra but have a look without - I'm
into the dress without the yellow jacket
jacket is actually sewn on I guess
really nice have really liked the
flavors very - Wow
yeah I think it looks really cute I even
put my hair down so get the real vibe
whatever look like the bestest yeah I'm
okay I love the shoes
yeah she's like the shoes look fabulous
oh yeah thank you
 it is better than ever it's already
boring in my jumpin Alice quite basic
yeah yeah
no actually is suffering emerged there
was at my outfit everyone I really hope
you guys did enjoy the video I feel like
UNT done a really good job I might be
really pleased that you kind of just got
me get out like I did discover it man
yeah I mean if I didn't know you and
might have thought use a mobile number
all right I wouldn't wear it all
together for being honest I can't really
see you in that hat now no I can't no
Angie I don't don't concert yeah I feel
like if I had like denim shorts or like
maybe just went black like plain I would
actually wear this hat and I think it'd
be really cute bike short kind of curly
hair I think I give I wore this for an
Instagram picture look amazing all of
these things wouldn't really call it on
the ground the Giga pics weather I don't
actually wear them out like I'm not a
hundred percent sure Oh so everyone
never know down in the comments below
how well you thought my nan did do you
know me well yeah you do okay no I know
because I wouldn't normally wear someone
I have like shorts like this anyways let
me know down below your opinions on how
well my Nana did does your Nana know you
as well as my nan knows me let me know
down in the comments how well you think
your number do if they've done this
challenge would anyone be you anyways
thank you so much for watching thank you
feet on my channel yeah can I just thank
everybody assembly good wishes I was so
lovely I couldn't thank everybody
individually but you say thank you so
much they're really really appreciated
anyways thank you so much for watching
and we'll see you guys very very soon
mwah bye
