good morning everyone or welcome back to
my channel now today's video is
definitely interesting to say the least
I have seen so many different videos
where people have done blind folded
clothing challenge or blindfolded
cooking challenge but today I thought I
would take it a step further and I would
do everything all in one and basically
spend my entire day with lying folded
now this is gonna be so hard because I'm
not gonna have any eyes for today my mom
wherever she may be she's over here she
is going to be my eyes for the day I do
I do know how much I trust you if I
don't actually trust you that much so
that's what making me more like a little
bit more nervous basically I've already
gone to the gym I closed my vlog and
everything else
only 10 a.m. in the morning right now
yeah but then we decided I'm getting
this cuz you could and you know what I
would actually rather not sikhs are just
the it's embarrassing that I'm wearing
like a blind vulture there's no way I
can cheat when I want me you're not
gonna cheat with this no there's no way
we can she with that look so cute
it just lifted your whole nose no
perfect okay it's a goodbye eyes I will
love a Mickey I just appreciate
everything around me right now okay
ready
can I do it you could knock me hang on
here we go oh this is do not quit out of
here in 24 hours mum hang on I could
still see pull it down if in and out
wider because it's just okay yeah no
ruckus Aussie put it down me yeah they
go it's because I'm help me you know I
can't see anything is actually already
scaring me it's fine what's up standing
here but I know as soon as we start
walking I'm actually gonna be so freaked
out I'm gonna have the link on you like
all day on I because there's no I can
like walk my own
how's that gonna work she doing my
wearing tonight you know I actually
can't even see where you are what you
say you want to show you is it that's
fine you know the first thing I do when
I wake up in the morning is I go and
have breakfast because it's my favorite
meal of the day you always knew that
breakfast so we're gonna go down I feel
really nervous to go down confit please
let's go downstairs and get some
breakfast I know
all way down to it shouldn't be that
hard can't see anything but you know I'm
going to be so fine thing let's see this
fucking that's yeah we know but where is
into the finest areas it's still quite
far no it isn't very funny neither no oh
this parts easy because I it's the left
because there's none why you know the
right the right so much for that whizzed
enough that they go get some breakfast
this is gonna be easy at you can't see
anything so it is really really hard
alright so to solve this is my usual
breakfast so Mike very soberly you know
my favorite thing ever up is is this
green milk this is red now that's great
I know the first one you have is Alan
soya oh and oh man okay so my favorite
thing to have is almond milk so then
yeah animal with a strong draw with in
and we tap it and I know that we don't
have much zero sight
it's Lee's event I want you to it so
very proud of that I have we faced with
shock phenomena and doing so good this
isn't a good morning we've seen that
yeah this is my morning routine everyone
this is definitely Alan but don't like
said I'm like Slayer no filmand it isn't
okay and then have you put enough milk
in yeah enough milk and then we go to
the fruit bowl and then it's just what
when you do things every day become
James Olmos you don't know that yeah
isn't as hard as I thought it was gonna
well I say this we haven't went out on
the public but like this pot it is
actually quite easy but it's still like
pretty weird so my comment Bernard you
think that we do on the banana
I think I'll only have more than that
I'm gonna use half a banana and I put it
on and then what's got my food we're
ready to go through some boys let's go
where's that secret but what did you
need to do today so what do I need to do
today I need to get changed my makeups
up at that point surely huh look my
makeup on shortly why we can see how she
faced yeah but my love makeup that's
probably because you put three in
instead of two no I didn't have a there
was three in the movie
no there was a trick what I felt it on
my hand as I put it in know those three
don't believe me like you you watching
that no I'm not what you'll see tomorrow
right clothes yes let's go let's do it
where's the fridge
so it's pretty brainy so I'm gonna go
for jeans obviously come on put it taste
that for drop yes
okay jeans they're my demo chokers right
yeah and then I'm pretty sure I only put
these in here yesterday
are these my Rick are these black ripped
jeans or blue jeans tonight these these
are can it be like got a no green also
make its own a memory it's at my bad
mm-hmm some other one yep
well these my checkered fans or my yeah
my driver once a chequered how did you
check it so me he's coming okay so
basically I am I was decided with my I
was like should I wear makeup I could
kind of want to wear makeup but she says
I shouldn't so I'm just gonna put on
like a tiny bit of like nude lipstick
just propose anyone that follows me will
know that like I'm obsessed with like
lipstick overall so I'm just gonna put a
little bit of gloss and then we're going
to head out basically so I promise of a
younger brother that I've been going at
him and McDonald's but actually I think
we're all just gonna go as I don't even
normally irredentist but I just figured
it'd be easier to eat there today we're
gonna go down to the marina get a
McDonald's and we also need to do some
food shopping and get some bits from
Asda as well so there's that but let's
actually in fact months you might just
saw me once I just put my lipstick on
this is gonna be a mission and a half my
size if you just help me find my
lipsticks it's gonna be really hard I
just want to get that nude you know that
new jamak one that I love huh always it
is gloss or like an actual lipstick or
just get me a glass just like nude
hold on okay I think this one I'll do
this is new what is it good
Oh hold on this is better what this
one's better
so 200 ooh yes come on you've got this I
actually don't think I have I feel like
I want to hold up a mirror even though
I'm not even gonna be able to see
there's no yeah look in the camera it's
actually such a nice color one is it is
my maid but even more and my nude one it
feels like it from the brush it's um you
know it's Maybelline knows maybe fines
no no I just want to I mean I only
makeup on it's it's honestly it's a
Maybelline I don't know why it's all
barely better don't believe you barely
there may be a saffron I don't want you
to look stupid I deny that it's
beautiful
let's go done a good job something that
you know it's done properly I can feel
it I can't to deliver an apartment goes
Alyssa we doing some sort of kinky get
you know get in there hi oh you know
that could have been weird cuz anyone
was we look at what the hell are they
doing to this poor girl right come on
let's go hey Lincoln it was awesome to
get anywhere why me like this
Oh boys why is he having you're filming
us that that's that yes that yeah
why is my car
yeah I'll get your makeup you want to
save me yeah I'm at the West End why am
i actually sitting here all this talk
about boring I can't even explain it
you think it's going to be our new best
for Isaac is ready better idea
thank God you don't see your maker right
now you got lipstick all over you
it's going to come ba
good mm-hmm so leave us
I don't know I'll wait down right now
well here just look us and they give us
a weird look and they look away then
they stare at me they're mainly staring
at me I swear
did mom can you just tell me Genesis a
drink in front of you I'm right in front
of you right now but I'm right here Jed
I was saying like it so here because
this is what I would say before he just
really about
yeah I know it's so sure
say hi to the blokes I suppose being a
page together by can't even see her
right
we're just you know unchanged
chillin chillin
Oh dad no time cos you don't start going
on mouth smells like white stuff from
dinner is ready
and it's in yeah and your phone is
driving me nuts
yeah that's that not driving you know it
should I have a look at you does I have
a look at your messages for you I have a
look oh god what was that
what the hell have you done oh my god
earring mind your feet sorry I didn't
want to move because they don't want to
step on it why do you why would you even
do it yeah well I was training always
help girls school oh my bad wait so fun
walk backwards backwards then okay don't
take that out
well done he asked next time nice after
mm-hmm do you film in now
no is Ted oh oh yeah it's nice just
quite hard to like yeah my fellow that
how I really video I'm just me tail it's
really hot I don't normally eat like
this it's quite hard at Globo have to
like really open my mouth wide so I know
that the food is gonna go into my mouth
oh my god stuff I make up phrase Antonio
in the morning so now we need to get
them light soon as possible
well I get my laptop out and then I'll
get them I'll get my mom to mow hello
hello how was up in Anna
hello yeah we're doing well well the
focus usually our face so Hannah but you
know I can't now having to phone her
which is which is really fun
so are you ready to film ebooks I
wouldn't do my teeth we're not going you
know can you just leave right which is
my treat rush sighs well there's anyone
in there I think there's yours
yes because everyone else has got
electric toothbrush showing how to
squeeze this out I don't have to squeeze
it on the brush okay everyone so
basically I'm gonna hit the hay now you
know what this is probably gonna be one
of my earliest nights in a while every
night I try and go to pa'dar Lee but
because I'm on my phone I just never do
so maybe this is the way that I need to
go so I can actually get a good night's
sleep because I have my PT in the
morning so yeah so basically I'm gonna
end this video here I'm gonna go to bed
and sleep with this on and actually I
think it's actually gonna do me some
good that I'm not gonna be on my files
really makes me realize the things I
take for granted every single day so
yeah I mean I'm actually glad that I
have done this challenge and it's also
great I split up my phone for this long
as well so well what kind of I was
phoning people and also and I think I
was doing was listening to podcasts and
stuff which I'd you actually enjoyed but
I feel like I can never relax and relax
enough to be able to enjoy them my day
has consisted of overthinking and eating
so that's great
and put asides from that today's been
great
anyways I hope you guys didn't during
the video don't forget to hit big Tom
below if you guys did and subscribe down
below to see more videos like this and
go and click that bow that summer on the
screen to get notified every single time
out below
I hope you guys enjoyed and I see you
all very very very soon last bye oh nice
being able to see it again it's kind of
like I almost forgot my bedroom that
like in a day anybody got a lot ketchups
on their phone now yeah goodbye sir yeah
see in the next 12 hours
