hi guys so as it says in the title of
this video this video is about what guys
should know about girls
so how I thought this video was today in
class I was talking to one of my really
good friends and she was just moaning to
me about her ex-boyfriend and about how
boys don't understand and it just really
got me thinking
and I just thought why not make a video
about it because certainly not every
girl but definitely gonzo I know would
agree to this and as well as if for you
should know this because it would help
them out as well as helping us out or
not so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video
so if you've upset us or made us super
angry then we have two levels of anger
now the first stage is okay and this is
where we start off your back and that's
when you know we're angry but then the
second stage that's silenced and G's
like that is the worst thing you can get
from a girl if we're ignoring you and
you don't hear anything from us like
trust me be scared because that is when
we are so so angry and keep on texting
us because if you ignore as well there's
going to be no conversation so that's
just where it all goes wrong so
seriously don't leave her eyes fat
because I'll take annoying you is bad
enough already
so don't even ignore is bad because I'm
telling you now that is the worst thing
now us girls sometimes we say things
that aren't actually for the meaning we
just say them for a different reason
like all girls would get this but boys
most likely wouldn't get this a for
example this actually happened one of my
friend she was on a date was to her
boyfriend she goes oh I'm so cold and he
was like yes a zipped up his jacket no
you don't do that like that's just plain
rude you don't zip up your jacket like
no girl is saying they're cold so you
can zip up their jackets you don't do
that oh it's so frustrating just please
don't do that what she means by that is
she either wants a cuddle or she will
swear John Paul or me be a man and
where your jacket for like half an hour
I mean be cold for the goal that you
like I mean seriously it's not that hard
to this next one this goes both ways but
I know every single girl that I know
hates this like more than anything in
the world this is the worst thing I know
that I hate it if one of my friends hate
it boys meet it as well but as this is a
video about what guys should know about
girls then I know that every single girl
hates it and this is slow reply
so we're texting you know having a
normal conversation and suddenly drove a
pie and you have five four hours later
like it was two minutes ago no if I
wanted to talk to you
four hours later I could have gone to
your house deliver to your laptop you
could have been delivered me one back in
that four hours amount of time but no
you know you takes me four hours later
it's so annoying
okay so then we questioned you and you
know you have to make it even worse and
go oh I was in the shower for four hours
you know I saw you snapchat get tweet
your Instagram photo you're online on
Facebook I mean come on
oh fuck you lying why you always lying
oh my god stop fuck you lyin
seriously so ourselves we overthink a
lot now every go I know would you agree
to this they don't think I overthink
every girl over things I'll be surprised
if they don't this could be like so if
you centers attacks and you send your
three kisses and then next minute you
send two kisses and we're like one with
what we're done but we've done something
wrong
like we just only think that's what
we're like or if you've read it and then
you haven't required like five minutes
we're like oh my god we've so done
something wrong now just what girls are
like so don't take it personally because
honestly that was just what we're like
we have those four emotions and we just
overthink a lot and you should be fatted
that we care that much
so Motors girls are a sucker for guys
that smell nice and this definitely
works both ways but if you smell nice it
would genuinely just make you a more of
an attractive person because you want
someone that smells of the earth like
seriously no one so always make sure you
smell nice that's a really really big
tip okay so make an effort if you like
to go prove it to her I mean we all like
you know have a movie night and cuddling
but go out now and again
take her out somewhere like take her
bowling or to the cinema or something to
eat I mean doesn't even have to
constantly think like even if you said
oh we're going to go from walk around
the park like that's better than just
raining all the time because it's like
you're doing something and you're doing
it for her and for you together no girl
has well though I know has ever ended a
relationship because you've been like Oh
yet you taste me out way too much
nothing so there is they take her out
and do something
never ever ever ever ever said you go
somebody's on the variable
oh yeah is it because you in your period
know like if we was on our period anyway
we're not going to admit it to you so
it's a losing battle with there's no
win-win out of that situation like you
don't gain anything from it or does it
make us mad and therefore you would be
scared because when we're mad it's not
good
ok so the little things now these are
things that most the time you probably
don't even notice so if we get a new
lipstick or we've changed our nail color
and you notice it it's going to make
that feel so special because it's not
something that most people would notice
about us that much like obviously girls
do because that's like a girly thing but
the fact that you took time and notice
it about us it makes us feel so much
happier so it's the little things that
really marked compliments now nobody can
get enough compliments who doesn't love
being complimented obviously it's going
to make people feel good about
themselves and especially if it's
someone that you're like talking to or
you're speaking to or you're going out
with like your boyfriend or your
girlfriend if you get a compliment from
them obviously it's going to make me
feel so special
so public shower or perfection now if
you're walking down the streets or if
you're in town or wherever you are and
you put your arm around your girlfriend
or you hold her hand
obviously you're always going to make
her feel is that you're proud to have
her and it's going to make her feel so
lucky and happy of course so that's one
thing I would say definitely means a lot
every single girl and you dude I saw it
I mean that's something you should want
to do anyway snapchat that God is
speaking to or your girlfriend she
better be your best friend snapchat
cuz it's not why not she's gonna find
out she's gonna know who it is um
so you better get your explanations
money so I hope you guys have enjoyed
the video it was a bit different and
obviously it doesn't go to every boy or
every girl but it relates to a lot of
boys and girls so I know myself and so I
probably a really funny video to film
and the seriously I've made myself laugh
quite a lot wasn't it
so yeah it was fun to film and I hope
you guys enjoyed if you did please give
it a big thumbs up if you agreed
anything that I said today on this video
let me know in the comments below and
girls if you have any more tips for boys
or boys if you have tips as girls then
let us know in the comments below
because I just don't know it'd be fun to
read through all of your comments and I
will see you very soon with another
video bye gone but then obviously should
go and find now I got it and I hope it
goes with Oana
