good morning so it is actually why even
is the time the time is 8 o'clock on the
dot
I've got school now which I'm dreading
because I hate it and I have to science
Sam today
chemistry and physics I'm alright at
physics chemistry is my worst subject so
yeah for today well beginning of the day
the second half the day I'm going to the
Made in Chelsea premiere which I'm gonna
obviously vlog the whole day there which
is why I'm vlogging today so I'm super
excited and I will speak to you when I
get that I've got 20 minutes and I need
to get a thumbnail and I don't have one
because it's not working my maths is too
full and I can't delete anything so it's
so stressful it's a disaster ok so I'm
completely ready now and it's all gone
well because Jake's helping me out and
he soon my thumbnail because I don't
know what happened my love just oh it's
too full but now I've got a thumb now
and I'm ready to leave so I'm just about
to go get in the car mom where's my bad
ok thank you
let's go just arrived at Brighton train
station and I'm making for Jordan I
don't know if there she is
do you better say hey to the ball
this is like amazing team
the fighting on the train had to wait so
like la so no our train got delayed
long train of what time those advances
because it's meant to come attend to and
then it said it was going to come at six
and then we've got an earlier one I like
so it was nothing for that I don't know
why I was I would have been letting the
man came to train ticket and also a
train ticket so we got pretty scared
because obviously like I don't know what
we would've done but it doesn't like the
find us or something and like we went to
go ahead and I train to give you their
life whose order is Roy just cause he
stopped making it so we was walking
again finally on the stranger-man to
actually walk with almost a short one
yeah
sweetie poverty because it's about you
know just going so well because we just
got on the earlier train
turns out our train has no boys it done
what's the double you've had to get off
it my turn it's terminating so we have
to swap and get on in London Victoria
temperatures in like two minutes
so and it's so another thing is we get
walking too powerful for which I've no
see whether in aggravation well then
these aren't very comfortable when I try
to walk a little think I'm more drinking
I'm cursed when I have to go out like
after my gonna train on car is always an
accident or something always delayed so
oh it's expects to 1830 on it's a tight
budget it what it says 1817 delay to
1832 okay we in the cab right now and
where we actually don't hammered I think
it's in Soho Square so I'm super excited
see how excited are you very excited to
all very excited Claudia's very excited
and all great ideas I'm so very tired
from the changer literally it has been a
total nightmare we've is how them of a
bit sound on that train for all that we
get closely amount of like half an hour
broke down then each stock do them well
we didn't just have no no suddenly yeah
those fines for mister one was thinking
how longs it take to get up in here like
10 minute how does it take to get there
15 minutes yes
I haven't we got in the loop these are
so cute the commands that you might say
a silky and yo get my oh oh tian zai
jian' show yours we both got matching
beauties because we so cute like that so
they just throw a proudly made in
chelsea event and every day
I see that field apart and literally
it's so pretty so Christmassy on the
likes of you tha so adorable
I got the interview so now that I might
be sure where I'm going so I'm just
gonna walk outside
Wow
we all we are on we are on
a blue butt
ready to meet me
so I'm gonna end the book here now as
it's half 12 and honestly I'm so not
good and tired but today has been
amazing and I love the series so far
whoever needs in one episode
honestly it was amazing and I've really
enjoyed myself although now I'm so tired
I'm one of them people like I need my
sleep when I'm tired I'm tired and I
need to go to bed and that is right now
so I'm gonna go to bed and tonight I
don't have time for my YouTube
subscription box which is what I
normally do set up at our was just
watching YouTube and then I just go to
sleep but tonight it's so late actually
what is the as that time let's take a
look yes it's just got half a strop so
I'm so tired and but if you want me to
do more looks like this or just vlogs in
general they let me know in the comments
below and I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and I will see you soon with
another vlog or video yeah bye
