hi everyone so today I'm going to be
showing you bias as it says in the title
of this video somehow these starfighters
over the summer I feel as if I've been
eating a lot more unhealthy than I
should do so I have thought of some
healthy treats I would eat you recently
and I really hope you guys enjoy them as
much as I do
bacon bacon yeah let's go banana and
oatmeal cookies the ingredients we need
for this is some chips two bananas and
some raisins
only you want to bring it younger than
to about 183 and I was done and they
effectively I'm gonna get my two bananas
and
so as you can tell I'm not gonna let us
say this is why most of the snack time
we make you brought up anonymous in and
I also love raisin so I'm going to make
some Advil or phrases to this recipe you
can add ourself you don't like roses
it's like chocolate chips or if you want
to say healthier you can add other kinds
of fruits like Ospreys or strawberries
or blueberries this is actually more
work than it looks because it after
salts period time but you know something
creamy texture now so it's not I believe
at my other ingredients that I've got
whole egg cut or oats and it's sort of
falling in and then a more important in
mix it round and then
now that is that I had for the amount of
folks I had but that for reasons that
make sense and I'm just going to pull
these in like so and then we're starting
to taste
I've decided just add a tiny bit of
cinnamon I'm just going to mix it all
together
so I've got my food paper and I just put
this on top of my baking tray lined up
and now I'm just gonna grab my knee
pitch down I'm just coming into 24 and
so they're like petite but some incense
so it's going to grab my hand after an
hour that could be used rather than form
you can also stop by Jack's abyss as
they're booking very nice little crunch
in everywhere I'm not a massive fan of
much so I can imagine would be irregular
tasting I've now got my cookie bites or
my thinking trainer so now I've got my
50 bucks for my baking tray and I'm just
gonna put it in the oven and I'm gonna
put them in the oven for about 15-20
minutes my finished oat raisin and
banana cookies and they look super super
yummy and I cannot wait to have one so
the dessert InDesign if I hope you guys
get super suits simple and this is
chocolate coated strawberries and
another pocket it's super super easy
it literally is strawberries cover the
top by four eighty five percent cocoa
and this is our only option either the
middle or wife or any other chocolate
but you can use any other jobs that they
want to you so my father is always here
and their chocolate and so I'm just
going to bring
got some pieces to put in my already so
the days I'm just going to say about
half the amount to talk about because I
haven't got many stories and Minister
keep on bringing these out until they're
itty bitty small pieces but when it's
done I'm just going to let it cool for a
few minutes as the truck that will be
super hot and so other bowls so but do
not go and have to start asking mountain
chocolate fruit payment on my plate
provide only chocolate dipped okay so
now I'm just going to get my strawberry
and go around in the chocolate and
my top favorite strawberries and now
just gonna go to the trick so the
factors we need is some bananas baking
powder eggs and finally blueberries
gonna take y'all ready we need our
really video in fact thing we're going
to do is we're gonna bubble phenomena
and we're going to actually knock
intercept a really creamy texture the
banana is completely matte you're then
going to grab your new eggs and you're
just going to crack them inside the bowl
then we're just going to add a teeny
teeny bit of baking powder and then
we're just gonna mix them together so
I'm just gonna add in my picture you can
make tiny or large kind of a superbly I
like to make tiny pickles
oh no never Bowerman in half so ninety
I'm just gonna flip over otherwise the
same amount of bias I think that's right
now so I'm still available my eye I
don't eat the rest minister voila
so there we have it banana and blueberry
pancakes and I put a tiny bit of icing
sugar on the top just for sweetness
thumbs up and if you're gonna try
these what if you have please let me
know in the reply box and when we think
of it and I'll see you very soon with
another video bye
