hi guys so today I'm super super super
excited to film this video because I am
trying American candy I'm trying to
Rowan gardius I like the so excited to
film this video so let's get into it as
a chocolate I've got or I've ever call
it in America candy I've got is how much
need and this is the milk chocolate
Hershey's and I've never tried this
before so this is a hard wrapper or it's
just move this from there we go see that
was really young equals I love chocolate
to bring they compare that to Cadbury's
it's not that great although I could eat
more mm-hmm I mean that
an eight out of ten but I love droplet
Bart is not my favorite so they take
sweet I've got is tweezers and these are
supposed to be breathe really pop down
America so here it goes
I'm I found sweet it's too hard it's too
hard how we might this at all
I'm gonna get that at three out of 10
because I would never buy that in a shop
but in your nights weeks you'll probably
with me though I'm here Oh chocolate bar
what is three musketeers and this will
kind of confuses me because I don't know
is thrown it if there's only one bar I
send the bigger bars and they have two
in it but it's also thrown it so these
four confuses me this looks good looks
like it in a second Milky Way if I can
milk you an hour caramel this is so good
yeah I love this I love this so much I'm
gonna give this to nine out of ten this
is so good if I went to America this is
something I would definitely be buying
sweetheart is this we tart sweet ass
and so my next-door neighbors that we
have over in America told me that I have
to try these because apparently he's
they're amazing and these are really
really popular in America there we are
I just poured out some ice are there
multiple colors looks like rain
really really sour these are really sour
but they're really nice but first up I'm
gonna get it for 7 out of 10 because
they like a really nice flavor but
they're really really sour and I'm not a
fan on sour and definitely not spicy
stuff so I'm gonna give you the seven
out of 10 the next bar I've got is Baby
Ruth and this looks kind of like The
Three Musketeers
oh it's right boom it's looks so good
and there's like a Twix now was actually
really nice
I don't even like nuts but that was so
good I'm gonna give that 9 out of 10
because I was definitely definitely buy
her so the next bar at forque is pouch
knees cookies and cream a second I saw
this bar it caught my eye straight away
because cookies and cream that just
sounds absolutely amazing it's all the
Oreos and I'm so excited to try this
I can't open any of the wrappers oh my
goodness this looks so good oh my oh
this is heaven
this is definitely 10 out of terms this
is like one of the best chocolate bars
I've ever bought so thank you America
for blessing me with this chocolate bar
just sober now over in England we have a
little cotton candy but I have never
ever tried watermelon savers and it only
it's really really popular in America so
I thought why not give it a go be nice
although to me just kind of taste like
every about pop in handy there is not
popping candy so I'm gonna get that 9
out of 10 both the next bar I've got to
try is the paling bar and this is also
known as a really popular bar in America
to Billy's I don't think I'm gonna like
this because I'm not a fan on peanuts at
all but if you don't enough I guess you
walled off this bar I can't that's a no
from me definitely know for me if you
like me now you'll love that if you
don't you were a that to our times the
next I have got Julie launchers these
I'm super excited for because a lot
people have recommended these to me and
I want to wash down the pages I just had
and I hate it
oh very nice going to your mappers we're
gonna go right I think everyone many
goodbye first
sinister strawberry oh my goodness this
is so nice shut up watermelon is that
yeah it's water man this is so good I'm
actually gonna try another Cana now
who's that absolutely loves that one I'm
gonna get the blue and what one is there
certainly see blue rods brain are just
holistically so good Oh Magnus this
one's even better these are so good I'm
gonna give these ten out of ten I love
these I would definitely buy these and
then also long-term out of town all the
way popped mouths and I'm dredging these
because as I said before in the video I
hate hate hate hate hate hate hate
anything spicy like I can't even have
chicken popcorn and KFC because it burns
my mouth I'm scared to try these I'm so
scared oh here it goes oh no no I'm not
letting you do that put it back in
that's in them the lesson Unitas by
yourself you're gonna love that if you
don't you're not gonna like that because
I do not enjoy that one single bit
cotton candy explosion and these I am
excited for because I love cutting
handmade so this is another one always
pink and blue we just sell me on me
they're so yummy I have m to the
watermelon definitely yeah I'm gonna say
I did there were nine out of ten as well
because I absolutely love them so I hope
you guys have enjoyed this video I'm
sorry if it was kind of a short video
it's because I think I was draining the
sweets and chocolate or as Americans
would call it candy too much that I
didn't even film it on camera I just was
eating loads of it
and now I've got sweets and chocolate on
my bed and it's all sticky so no I have
to clean up but yes I'm gonna end my
video here so please leave it a big
thumbs up if you enjoyed and I will see
you very very soon with another video
