hi so back to my Channel today I'm
drawing with my high kicks vodka good
thing you're right very well welcome
back to the channel thank you since it's
yesterday all right that she'd been a
one yeah I was aware I was in the other
video yeah video in case you actually
pranked him I save his house for 24
hours if you haven't sinned out eternity
and yet attempted he called me it wasn't
great anyway it's not a weak link down
below its what is KC's channel we're
doing like her brother sister Club week
so basically there's gonna be a lot of
videos from both of us but today the
video boys and girls we went shopping
let's insert a really cool one time to
let's go to the shop about identify
let's go ready to go to the shop and get
all the foods that I do not like no I
don't even have a list for this but
someone doesn't like do like yeah videos
I'm just gonna go get all the things I
don't normally go and get the shop but
we're gonna go make a runner to get in
the car because it is pouring down okay
oh my god am I gonna make that so guys
right sir we're in this section which is
the worst part where you do section by
section which is the worst part of this
section
but I don't want that you don't want to
react you have to eat mushrooms yeah
roar as well I reckon yeah we're doing
wrong yeah yeah yeah well they're wrong
next section did it did it
salmon yeah okay I'll try fizzy you
don't like well you can do salmon or
prawns curry which one we going for
sweet-and-sour chicken
no no we're not going for that no let me
choose which curry we go no we won't we
just get Geoff jalfrezi Chow freezing
it's like cow freezing
basically I will be surplus food coach I
shall forget through big lows there's
not much foods that I don't like yeah
not much he's moving on you ready I'm
ready
we had a conversation about this
suffering said that she hates it I said
when have you even tried it
yes I did this thing with like I say I
hate things cuz I know that I'm not
gonna like it but I actually are coconut
well I just yeah about me coconut water
I used to absolute despise it until I
went to Brazil and try to have a real
coconut and now I love it out of there
really yeah so we're so easy I could
like you and I can decide yeah I think
it takes a dirty water I know I don't
like it but then I think how refreshing
this is kind of easy yeah yeah what is
it BAM dummy Wow do you have a card
he's my outside no I don't have anything
no need to see that he's so I really
don't like it you know this is one of
the things I like I would love to like I
would love to like avocado it's such a
good fat but I really don't like it oh
it's so gross the texture cream does me
out look no you listen me well Mike you
know what
oh I bet you young he couldn't it's a
good right avocado this come on Sam you
come on Vilas let's go back to the
basics
duh yeah duh I told you I don't I think
my gag reflexes are awful saffron's
all-time favorite yes chicken jalfrezi
with no no you don't just have hot
spiced tomato cart I'm not it's not hot
I promise you this is not finish the
video let's do it okay it's not more we
can change it to last just in case you
do find it hot okay so car is made I
agree you don't like look I don't like
any take away the Papa pizza don't like
re they're like Chinese so it's my time
I really wish that I did because
everyone orders a takeaway I can never
have anything unless it's drumlin get
the wrong chick in there I think it's
quite also just blow it reading up
really hot despite No
oh I'm on bit hot and no that's a good
Cory
hmm controls that's hot there's not that
way
basically do you like the comic no
that's actually something that I do that
yeah to get back out my put it in I
can't stand to have used to like it's
disgusting again it makes me guys I
haven't had this been years I don't know
never met anyone like this and I like
every chocolate okay I neither overall
the more you chew it the worse it gets
what even is it what is tarnished I
don't know kind of almost tastes like
alcohol jelly so takes new boy
fulfillment we have Jimmy's iced coffee
Belgian chocolate I used to have iced
coffee I just don't like coffee
yeah it's not really optimal do I get
when I go to ice coffee shops I get iced
coffee
I think kind of thud that's normal
coffee because it takes a tiny bit like
a milkshake but then it's all fat Asus
just got six it tastes like coffee I'm
doing better than I thought I would yeah
I thought you know I know it was
next up with y'all ready to eat smoked
salmon that I just as soon as you open
this as smell isn't nothing put me up I
hate fish oh my god no no no no no no
can you just stop eating it like this
it's like no tomorrow
 your mouth to it I think she likes
it it's kind of both name yeah it's not
fishy at all just yeah just think it's
just like a favorite sandwich guy
texture my jaw flavor no smell
nope Phil nope so dumb oh now that you
know me right next up we got mushrooms
but to make it worse
we're not even cooking them but can you
eat mushrooms well I don't so how do you
mean even mushroom sorry like this ready
what are you doing it harvested like an
apple no I won't like this what I don't
like it there's a different case hot
food
oh so many sweet things
I don't like cinnamon he's your sim and
ice bar oh just because we've been
having like such disgusting stuff but I
actually really don't like cinnamon Oh
cinnamon but it's so quickly used to
hate cinnamon you don't know magical
addict on this video because I've
realize you look really ugly currently I
can be cinnamon buns so my birthday is
the end of the video I'm actually really
bad um minutes it was really good we
hates the fact we've done this actually
here in what 7 I I can't bear this now
that wasn't too bad so I'm going to back
a second vii have a condo like actually
to be fair I really hate the avocado but
the postings are really actually want to
be able to like set so good for me
but it's okay welcome Molly Molly Molly
anyway I'm gonna make sure I get why the
hell on my channels to go and
subscribe to that as well as going to
scribes Katie as well I believe is
channel down below thank you so much for
watching this video and we will see you
guys very very very soon
why are we tomorrow why
