hi guys so this is my second week of
vlogging now before I was in Orlando as
you may have known if you've seen my
other vlogs but now we are in Port
Richey and this is where my Nana and
granddad semi live they live half a year
here half a year in England but we're
staying here the week cuz they're not
here at the moment
it's going to be different because
obviously in Orlando there's loads of
parks and things to do weather here it's
more just like malls and it's more like
beaches and stuff so so yeah it could be
more of a chilled week but the weather
is so much nicer here it's 5 p.m. right
now and the way that is so nice so to me
I'm already buffering it but yeah it's
just gonna be a chilled we're going to
go say hello to our neighbors in a bit
that we haven't seen for absolutely
years and then we're going to do some
food shopping as we're all starving and
there's no food in the house and I date
tonight it's going to be an early night
because we're all an athlete as well so
yeah in the car and we've been on the
way to the beach Alan - how long has it
took us to get this far about an hour to
get to the beach and we've just got here
and it's absolutely chucking it down
with rain I've got my sunglasses on in
the car so expected to walk out and it'd
be like 30 degrees
it's not a my bro singing good person
and we got up we got eyeliner in the
back but we're clearly not gonna be
using a little squeeze in the street
this is the weather right now these are
the people that are leaving the beach
and we've just arrived so so great at
our journey we've had ups we decided to
wait in the car like half an hour and
watch the rain go by and now actually is
a pretty nice day
the web is nice those pretty pictures
you can see brought my hair this up stir
everywhere kind of hear the live singers
in the back one of me yeah I'm in my
kimono and my bikini and we're ready to
go catch some waves and find surfing
so
every day
how did 18 he's 18 so he's class yeah
man has just wanted to be in the block
so Susan Comerica American out from
Villa Rica Georgia Oh Sam say tomahto
Satan your American accent tomato tomato
tomato tomato tomahto tomato tomato
yeah thank you got it wrong I think it's
amazing it's tomato I think it's tomato
tomatoes potatoes penis adidas thank God
he doesn't eat us I talked my way yeah
you know but it's night so that was
really weird
I was just walking across the beach and
that man just also being a picture with
me and he ended up being in my blog it
is actually really sweet
it was really nice it was really America
oh I just watching that video on my
phone my hair I just realized
the song speak in America's would be
like like I never speak American my
bright an actor and a kind for the Welsh
it meet Jake's voice is quite a pass
like a typical ouch and why I've spoke
to you in life all the time I'm kind of
getting the Welsh in me so some so I say
is actually not even my voice so how
about three different accent now guys I
love it right so I'm currently in my
bedroom right now and I'm just about to
go note well what were you saying
Jay's on FaceTime and he's being a Knorr
you can kind of see Jake say hello
heyyo heyyo me take her American yo yo
yo and but no I'm just about to go watch
a rap a racket you say no a snake eat a
rat so it's gonna be grim would you can
what are you saying
why oh dang stop it no seriously I'm
going to eat a snake eat a rat so it's
gonna be disgusting Jake be more I mean
dude so good is I'm very to watch now
I'm going to walk I know we just left it
in there for like an hour and I went and
checked on it in the rat was like the
snake was like cuddling with her out
almost raining yeah and then it just
eventually agitated I guess I don't know
it was weird
oh my god oh right so now we're just
walking back over to our neighbors again
I am not actually sure if I'm putting in
the video of the snake so I don't know
if I would have put it in over heaven
because it's too disgusting and I felt
really mean and
this is over this is the pool so yes
we're walking to see our American
neighbors and we're going to make small
it s'mores s'mores where are they Oh
Cara
oh I'm going to walk down to the lake
hello what do you think of the it was
disgusting and I felt really mean but it
was it was quite cool at the same time
yeah did you video it yes guys you're
gonna be in the vlog cuz I'm vlogging
right now
so why ha
no gonna fall I'm gonna die so you like
my socks yeah I'm making them solemn
thank you say say hey hello talking this
is this is the bro the bros back bros
always cool foods not always cool but
right the lake and we see tannaz really
hurt yeah he's hurt his arm yeah okay
shoulder had to get a surgery like last
ones day kinda sucks yeah he can't go
swimming and it's sad yeah
really sad very bored and say how old
you are and how OD Dylan 14 he's
motivated that's why Oda and jet how are
you 30 Annie knows where yoga jet is a
baby yeah Jen ha ha burp EJ come in a
second yeah you get past us older than
13 then Jade yeah I think you look sold
over 13 I know you won't know no better
Dillon was dinner dinner dinner dinner
look so much older
yeah like you to go as a 17 I mean you
know twins he looks like oh yeah you
don't know you don't look alike but you
look like you should be twins but we
both at the same age
okay okay nice like identic not
identical to NZ just like you know but
it's weird like you look nothing but you
can tell your brothers yeah no that's
good mix on my finger oh my god yeah
so this is the end of my vlog oh my god
is so annoying so this is the end of my
vlog now but if you haven't already
noticed I absolutely love Americans
because they're so lovely and I actually
love American accents as it says in the
title of this video but yeah I've had a
really really great time here so far and
I really really hope the next week is
gonna be even better I just want to say
I've teamed up with to die for swimwear
and we're doing a giveaway over my
Instagram which is aksar from Barker and
anybody can enter it as long I don't
know if you can feel counts on private
but if it's not yet you can enter it
just tag me and two of your friends and
repose the picture and you have a chance
of winning I really really keep bikini
so go jeez I really hope you've enjoyed
this vlog much love mwah
