hello everyone and welcome back to a new
video today is exciting I'm kind of I
told you for our wine so nervous but I'm
actually really really really nervous
I thought today's video would be fun if
I try and attempt to hide in my
brother's flat for 24 hours now this is
going to be hard because first of all
they don't have a very big flower that
isn't that many places to hide second of
all they have a baby that loves to crawl
everywhere and anywhere
so even hide him from the baby I think
is actually gonna be the hardest part of
this challenge now I know that my
brother and his girlfriend and then it
will baby Harlow actually heading out
okay at the NAEYC family I know that
they're actually going out for food
because basically I was supposed to go
with them and then I just messaged him
about half an hour ago saying I feel
already ill I can't go I have the best
time that my mom has a spare set of keys
to their flat so I think this can work
as long as I get there and you know find
a good hiding spot and stuff whilst
they're out when they get in having to
hide in their very small flat is gonna
be hard they live about like 45 minutes
it's showy for me so I'm gonna get in my
car and head there I do need to pack
some sleep and stuff but because like
their place is quite small and I'm not
gonna have a competitor or anything to
hide in I don't I literally have no idea
where I'm gonna hide I can't exactly
take mark so I think I might just maybe
throw like some face wipes toothbrush if
I could even brush my teeth if I can
even make it to the toilet that are
noticing me yeah I can I can't take
March the bad I'm gonna take with me
right I'm in the car I'm ready to do
this bring it on I've just pulled up I
have got their key now they are actually
out I'd sit on KC snapchat they are out
for dinner so I think I'm gonna I'm
gonna be okay um so let's go and do this
hang on I can even shut my bloomin door
up down the time it's 4:50 so it's 10 to
5:00 right so you won't even believe
that I'm sitting outside of that flap
right now and I really hope I'm not
gonna be seen here for long but I've
just realized so I've got the key to
that actual apartment I haven't actually
got the key for this door to get into
the
Blagh so basically I'm just gonna have
to sit here and hope that someone else
comes to let me through that door before
they get here because if they get here
basically ever in the whole video before
it even started so that would be such a
that doesn't actually make it into the
apartment so I have to sit here and like
all quickly wait because I can't yet
throw you there
I didn't is it's gonna be it's gonna be
really awkward and embarrassing but
hopefully I won't be seen here for too
long this is quite a big building so I
feel like someone could come at any
minute and I just hope it's not KC but
this is an update oh yeah actually is
10:00 to 5:00 an update on the time so
you wouldn't go in at the same time so
both so virus I know I've indicated the
problem like many times before I know
where I'm going
okay I don't even know why whispering
hey
need to desperately turn those lights on
it's no sign of anyone your overview of
them
Casey's flower god okay well it's
definitely not do that when they come oh
my god I'm the worst person ever how do
I turn that off okay as soon as I walk
in my justified do that one there that
just messed it all up completely so
quick overview this is their big lounge
and kitchen so this is what I'm thinking
I don't know maybe I'm gonna hide in
here maybe we're gonna hide in Harlow's
for him I'm not sure they've got on oh
my god I don't even need to go to the
shop I've got so much food here anyways
so for the past 15 minutes I've just
been trying to like plant somewhere to
hide I mean I wanna you know chill get
tucked in eat some food and everything
else but my first thing is I need to go
find a hiding spot because I have no
idea like there's nowhere in the lounge
there's nowhere in the kitchen that I
could hide so this is this is what I'm
thinking
now I don't know if it's gonna work but
pretty much I think the best place for
me to hide is inside Harlow's toy castle
because I can get in here but at the
same time I don't want to scare Harlow
because I'll be the worst thing that I
could do but other than that like I
can't fit in Harlow's wardrobe that's
just not gonna not gonna work I feel
like if I was in here they actually
wouldn't notice if I curl up really
tight yeah cuz I could do this up
because I don't think it said that they
would remember like if they doesn't we
Castle up and I need to get out I feel
like that's how whew I'm gonna have to
hide tonight so case he just texts me
like I didn't even need to text him he
takes me first saying how are you
feeling are you feeling better and only
just got Higgs we went to my Nan's first
so although I'm not gonna go off Casey
yeah actually really really really helps
me because now I know they've only just
got to the restaurant and I still have
like an hour or so so for like I'm just
gonna chill here and you know watching
TV and
the timer's like really gone I've been
like watching TV maybe only for like
half an hour but I'm actually kind of
just terrified that they're gonna come
in there's so much mess that I've made I
feel like they're not gonna have to be
beating long because apparently in the
car isn't feeling too well so I'm gonna
tidy up my stuff and I'm gonna actually
go and hide I've actually got the best
idea I'm gonna go show you in a minute
hang on
then we tied you up my stuff first I
don't know how I'm gonna do this but
they have a storage cupboard right so
time has got on is still a to know it's
actually loaded getting dark outside I'm
actually surprising on that but I feel
like I need to be as quick as possible
but I didn't think I was gonna fit in
here
Norwich carpet is actually quite big so
I can easily fit in here look I thought
I think actually I mean it's not exactly
going to be the comfiest the castle
probably not coming up in here but I
could actually fit in here you know and
I feel like when they get in they're
gonna immediately go into hollows room
because it's so late so I might just
taught myself in here please don't go to
be very comfy I don't even know I wasted
over here yep I feel like a condor
coffee it's been like 40 I thought they
were gonna be here in like ten minutes
been like 40 minutes
there's no I'm going to show you the
time this is the time it's pay fifty
seven eight fifty a let's double walk
through the door
why you just realized I've left my back
in the hallway I just realized
I'm scared
electri turn how he hasn't heard me
oh but this is the place where the least
likely we'd want to get I felt like even
a cold baby so many on Friday like to
see my figure so I need to like really
really really don't like comedy I don't
know how I've done this I've covered it
in Teddy's Bolivians have a bitch
bloody fine and a Jesus
probably cool 3d walking pranks here I'm
gonna count this as probably two or
three I can't wait for you to see this
video I don't good what do you not
wonder that like I was suddenly sick
Sauron is BAE's the end of the video I
really hope you guys enjoyed it hard to
even know its thing hallo well I got way
of it even yeah I like joy this time in
her room yeah I know well clueless I did
I didn't want to wake her off it was the
last thing I wanted what is she doing
seriously okay she's going crazy anyways
had to wait a few days to let Katie calm
down a little bit but he's alright and
he didn't be fair like it wasn't that
much of a big deal
can he take her because she's she's
going for a map on right now but anyways
it's the end of the video and I really
hope you guys it did enjoy it don't
forget a big thumbs up if you guys did
oh come on do a thumbs up you bought
this come on your strokes are thank you
go give a big thumbs up for Harlow and
for case and for me anyways thank you so
much for watching I hope you guys enjoy
it subscribe down below smash a big
thumbs up go and subscribe to Casey and
Harlan and Nicole's channel the codes in
here for going subscribe to their
channel too
thank you so much for watching I'm gonna
see you guys very soon bye hello say
good bye bye
