everyone welcome back to my Channel
today I'm gonna be doing a drive with me
and a mock ban and basically just a Q&A
in general go pretty fun I am actually
waiting there's the family I'm gonna be
joined by them I'm not doing this alone
pushy okay time while that moms clearly
getting in the back Jared and Anna's
still taking their time having a fight
outside you're right boys there is man
himself so I'm joined with my family
today but you need to get on a shadow in
the dark in the dust so we are all going
to get a McDonald's apparently Jed won
the bet we always go and get food
because you know we don't really have
home eat meals in our house I'm its me
driver but actually I just saw because
I've asked for questions over on my
Instagram I feel like I should ask for
questions or maybe actually wish as well
I'm gonna drive menu oh yeah let's do
that
well yeah you drive first fuck movies
where you receive what conquers when
these hitting on here hope you guys do
enjoy this video a big thumbs up if you
guys do subscribe down below and without
further ado let's get into the video
everyone's supposed to do that with me
but no one did let's get into the video
and I was still alone okay Wow
wait I saw with a very classic one
what's the most annoying thing about
each other and you think you're so funny
Oh J annoys me about saffron one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
at least ten things last thing she's
quite messy second thing she loses
everything third thing she
it was so funny does jet ever get JSON
suffering because of our channel a big
name i jealous bone in this although to
get his own white what he tends to do is
that he's acting do something he uses me
as an excuse is that right what's up
from the favorite child then in the only
said something doesn't get his own way
yeah yeah this is actually the most
asked question we've got and it is does
your mom still foster
we don't know we don't why do we not do
it anymore - I think I should step on
its videoing 24/7 and Casey was as well
and he was there and it's quite
confidential really when you're
fostering kids that it's not really good
to have them on camera and stuff like
that so it's kind of taken us I'm always
with saffron now helping us so tubers
you know it's mean I won't ever do it
again just not for now it is a really
nice job it is a really rewarding job
the babies oh my god you get really
attached so keep at it it's just not for
us for now but we did do it for many
years before
mm-hmm next right the next question is
what is it like as a family being known
by most people in the street who notices
him answer that question it was weird
because obviously I started doing
YouTube on my own before my family was
actually in it I don't know when you
guys first came on my channel but like
what obviousiy when i first i doing
youtube it was only me there ever got
notice for me when we went out and about
but now if we go out and about it's like
we all have family pictures together is
a bit weird like lost sheep do we work
yeah waiting for a photo with you in
general we all are just very people
people people people is that a word no
people what all people persons we don't
use all we love me and all of you guys
all the time I guess it is kind of weird
but I think it's weirder when my mom and
dad come home and be like oh we met
loads of people in town today which is
really nice not weird that you guys have
come over to my parents because there
are as much on YouTube as I am now but I
think it just is that debatable but I
think it's like its way to me I'm like
that's really weird like why people stop
in for you guys but then I get it same
thing is of you Wow she won their t we
have to be honest it's not really our
favorite place every no wha-what only
here for judge what's the only
drive-through get happy mail just
realize you just said you're gonna get
me dinner I didn't realize how you said
to my dad oh please can you come for my
video I said dinner's on me winky face
yeah I'm not really interested in with
Donald today's question is do you guys
argue a lot I think I'm not we're no
separate we don't argue but when the
four of us together
that's um you know if it was just me and
Dad wouldn't argue me and mom don't
really argue mean Ted not too much work
what we have you know what's my new day
you just didn't know him if you know you
know
and I have 20 chicken nuggets please
chicken legend on its own place and I
have two Big Macs plays on their own
dwelling on YouTube what is the worst
thing that's come from it someone can
say something and write it on social
media and everyone believes that that
can happen that can be true it could not
be true but people shouldn't believe
everything you say everything ever
someone else says whatever you should
make your own judgment I think that's
the thing that I hate not about YouTube
just about social media in general like
I read something that I've read this
thing on the news earlier where in India
someone like tweeted about these two men
that were pedophiles and they were and
then they literally got murdered but
that was today I'm with that and they
got murdered and beaten up and I so this
is what social media does and those
people never done thing wrong so you
shouldn't always believe things and that
that's what I hate about social media I
think the thing to actually like answer
the question about like growing as well
I obviously didn't get this when I first
started my channel but I think the thing
that comes with having more followers is
that more people like hate you literally
for no reason just because you've got
followers hate stands out isn't it but
it's only a very small million
subscribers and ten people like an icon
anybody stands out yeah so we've had
none of us are excited for at all yeah
we gotta move - we're moving house
because we don't need all the rooms that
we've got at the moment
we have quite a lot of bedrooms in our
house and there is only five of us
living in it and we have seven bedroom
it's basically eight bedrooms cuz we
have a spare room that could be a
bedroom watch have any beds basically we
would like now there's not one's getting
older moving on we're all gonna go in
one room and then you can hear as if
we're are you moving to another country
and where are you moving we haven't
actually chosen what we're moving yet
but we're gonna stay in Brighton and
hope because it's nothing right the next
thing is what's the most embarrassing
thing that's ever happened yeah on a
maestro
being completely naked in a public
toilet and the man walking in on me
Siegel literally two days ago when I
brought across on and as I'm literally
walking I literally just walked at the
shop something hit me from behind so I'd
like a baseball bat scratch me down here
whack me knock me over and Watson in
reality she went over boy on my hand
it's Nick's Mike Watson and then just
flew up top
top of a bus shout started eating it I
was like what my will probably be the
time when I went to go into this I've
already said this on YouTube before but
when I went to go into the spa so
embarrassing I was in you picked up your
gown did you put it on and yes you were
walking up and then you slid all the way
back down a slope again and you actually
with the dressing on that was so funny
by actually do you want to do this what
is your favorite thing about each other
so just really quickly in a couple of
words our favorite noise yeah it's four
we head home on our Santa thing my dad
is that he loves hugs as much as I love
hugs my favorite thing about Omaha is
back she has great fashion sense and
helps me with how's your favorite no I
really like your shoes is that she once
was best for me and Mike and she helps
me out a lot
and my favorite those trying to think
about yourself and yours mine
ma'am I try to think of my favorite
thing my favorite thing about change
sometimes he's so sweet sometimes she's
nice
my favorite thing about dad is that he
always used to help me office but I
always pushed me onto the bed anyways
your back so if anything ever actually
happens on someone to be embarrassing
but then she's like trying
to be there for us and my favorite thing
about saffron nice presence very
generous very thoughtful present and
generous and generous she's very
generous
my favorite thing about Darren don't
tell him often enough that I love him
but everything about him is that I could
never ever find anyone that loves me
more than he does to be fair like really
good I think at some point I had an
injury and I lost a few brain cells yeah
I'm very my favorite thing about money
with Jed stuff he's not doing is that he
has got a absolute heart of gold
he's the cutest little theme you've ever
seen yeah he is he's absolutely lovely
and always at school everyone used to
say oh he's got such a lovely heart he's
so kind and sweet and thoughtful and
polite and my favorite thing about
saffron is ya know everything about
stuff on it it's the same actually just
always through school both of these two
well actually I'm Casey to be fair
they're both very kind and they're both
very thoughtful and then I'm experienced
European generalship I'm sure will be my
favorite thing about saffron is she
never gets enough thanks for what she
does she always helps people out then
yeah you do and people sometimes say
that oh you're this and you're that but
you are so generous and need to G guess
it looks for me as well that's for one
day well she's well she's alright
surprise that part
as for the boys I spent so much more
time with the boys than saffron when
they were growing up to do a football on
that so yeah so you like me because it
comes my way we're heading home yeah we
should want my Cory's YUM right everyone
is so we are now hive that was an
amazing trip wasn't it so I think you'll
be me much
thank you all feet in my video I hope
you guys enjoy as much a big thumbs up
subscribe down below bye next
