hello everyone and welcome back to my
channel today's video is a little bit
different because today I am applying my
brother for love island 2019 bringing
the guy you're gonna see on love island
even though he's not enough yeah you
might just make it so Jets actually how
old 16 he's 16 he's actually technically
got two more years until we can actually
go on Long Island but we thought you
know we're just pretend he's 18 and just
apply them and it'll be fun you know to
be honest jet I love you but I don't
think you're gonna get on love island
just because the people they Scout
anyway is that this is gonna be so so so
much fun
and I can't bloody wait so I know I
haven't actually applied for love I love
myself but I send people do it and I
know you basically there's like a ton of
questions and then you have to put in
your video which is the bit I'm mainly
excited for because I can't wait to see
your video Jed do you think you've got
it I feel are you gonna know they've got
it oh yeah you might not with my help
you might now let you help there yeah
I've got it cuz you are quite single so
so am I so it's alright anyways I really
hope you guys did you enjoy the video
don't forget to hit a big thumbs up if
you guys do and subscribe down below and
obviously because Jed might still be
single Jeb will still be sick watch this
video you can go and check out your
social media I will link it down below
it's obviously on screen somewhere right
now Jeff Barker anyways I hope you guys
are doing doing the video let's get into
it
okay good so let's stop your date of
birth 26th of February 2002 so you've
just confirmed that you're too young
okay moving on so for those who aren't
aware your male or female I'm a male
okay Jed so your sexual orientation very
active
okay well I'm sure you are and your
sexual orientation
oh no I didn't know what I'm in there oh
I did
you know what I meant I thought you know
I'm straight I'm straight I'm straight
and there's a what is your current
relationship situation I'm a single
fringle ready to mingle
thankfully it's your last question so
tell us enlighten us where would your
ideal date be right so I'm now really
had a gal from before so and I'm not
really going on a date so I'd say file
some takeout get a girl on a date I
think want a candlelit dinner
okay so let's leave that there and let's
roll the tape my main check mark for
awesome as sacrifice no problem 5 for 9
but it's mainly doesn't mind three words
to describe herself all sexy serious eye
damage in most days facing the vending
machine ex-girlfriend
never hype look I know you know what I
am I feel like I have an interview major
I feel like if there's a kids love
island I feel that you know what we need
to do is we need to we need to get a
petition going 14 love island because it
would just be trihard would you go on it
no no you wanted neither would i I would
never have ever gone love island you
know huh yes teen Jade I'm not already a
team man anyway thank you yeah man you
want some man oh okay yeah okay this
really cringey
anyways thank you so so so much for
watching if you guys would sign up Jed
if you want him to go on love island let
me know down in the comments below give
me rating out of 10 on Jed's love island
audition tape I really hope you guys
enjoy it don't forget to check out both
of our social media and a we will see
you guys oh good and we will see you
guys very very very soon wow I
