24 hours in my car with Harlow
she's like no bye hello everyone today's
video is some different what I've
actually like ever done before I mean
maybe I've done a couple of 24 hour
videos but never like this
I thought it'll be really really really
fun to spend 24 hours inside my car I'm
gonna be waving goodbye to my house it's
pretty early it is what is 10:37 that's
still the morning for me I had to get
ready and everything else so yes super
morning and I am going to set out my car
what does this set up my car like you
know get all my sleeping stuff in here
I'm actually gonna be really really
really nervous like I know I my car is
actually on my driveway like I'm gonna
be fine but I'm just I'm nervous asleep
in my car alone you know it's gonna be
really really really weird but it's
gonna be fun and exciting I guess so I
probably if you guys guys spend the next
24 hours with me
so let's go and set up my car right
let's do it
so cute like I actually I'm excited now
I was like so nervous to do this but I
had you think it's gonna be so cozy and
cute and I wanna feel like fairy lights
and like basically make it look like a
den invite my friends over I get pizza
you know the drill so it's gonna look
good how many pillows do you want
I think in my if I had friends and stuff
over that in my new crib you know and
also know we've had like no fairy lights
they looks like you've obviously they're
not gonna work until you know stop yeah
we may as well it's about as made now we
just need to get the extensional support
inside it's currently 5 to 12 so I
wanted to start this at exactly 12 so we
can go from 12 to 12 so I'm gonna get in
my car I'm gonna get in my car and you
know just live my life as I normally
would it's so wait actually you know
it's comfortable cozy in here how do I
even shut the food that is the question
hang on
okay we're locked in
brim accomplished boy I need to get the
AC on any tide to turn the engine on
probably actually gonna cost me a
fortune
living in my car because it's too hot
that I definitely need some a/c but I
mean I've made it so I basically for the
last hour I've been just collecting all
the things that I feel like I need
however though I have actually left my
lunch indoors I've just realized I made
so I'm gonna have the photo mom in a
minute and get her to bring it in for
dinner I've decided that I didn't wanna
go like the Domino's this man can all
right to the car which is gonna be weird
because they're actually gonna have to
hand it through like through the car I
want to get on with my life like I
normally would like I wanna do all the
normal things you know not that I'd like
to feed my day
I've got like a bunch of editing so I've
got my laptop and then I've also got
like other bit I've got snacks I've got
my rice cake for me to snack on while
some editing so I think I'm gonna get my
editing done first also my merge drops
tonight so if everyone follows my vlogs
and stuff like that you will know that
so I need to like get everything up and
running this is my mother this is like
one thing off my mo so I've got all of
that work to do
I have got my pajamas sleeping mask to
brush and toothpaste
we also have some bananas I won't be
getting through all these bananas but
you know if a friend comes and joins me
they I can offer them one I've got my
face white towards my makeup off I think
that's my beats pill but thinking about
it I have a stereo in my car that's
actually pretty good so I don't really
need this but I got it just in case I
don't want to you know just let the
engine run I've got my makeup bags for
the morning and a bottle of water so
that I can you know this is gonna be so
gross but so I can like brush my teeth
so that's everything that's all you need
when you're spending 24 hours in your
car with saffron it's getting so hot man
so like under the window oh my god I'm
like dying it's like a greenhouse
I'm literally I've got you I'm leaning
over the winter because the backward
doesn't open you have to open it from
the front so I'm having to lean on the
front window and my mom still hasn't
come at my lunch I actually can't wait
for the fairy lights to turn on and also
I can't wait to have friends over I feel
like it's actually gonna be so much fun
but I am sweating
how do you feel ladies something from in
a car she's not too sure about it
I'm not kidding look at the time already
so I have been editing for a bloody a
long time I didn't even realize the time
it was it hop us three maybe no it's
gonna hop us free now I've been editing
for like way longer than I thought my
mum says and come up by lunch so I'm
pretty hungry I just want water food at
this point like where is she out I'm
gonna have to call her I guess but I'm
actually gonna bring one of my four I'm
gonna bring a couple of my friends as if
they want to come over and join me okay
I'm gonna ring my friend Harriet because
I know that she's actually like she's
home alone so I think she's probably the
friend that's gonna be most likely gonna
be free hello Hey
I'm good how are you I'm good thank you
what are you doing
do I come over to my car yeah like I can
come and like drive and pick you up and
then you can just check I basically I
thought it'd be fun to like spend the
day like 24 hours in my car so like yeah
like he looks so cute honestly like we
can order Domino's like we can do
whatever we could just chill in my car
okay all right I'll come and drive it
pick you up basically I cannot leave my
car okay he's in love you bye bye bye ah
she looks like you
I wanna hang on I type in the door all
right have a look at my car
ya know how I'm sleeping in here tonight
alone babes
how are you fighting because it's really
comfy anyways we can order and basically
said the time though this is an update
on the time it's quarter to five we
figured if we ordered hang on if we
ordered food now it would get here by
the time that we're hungry I am a can we
place an order for delivery please can
we please get a large pizza half and
half one side pineapple pineapple and
the other side juice margarita
so our Domino's I think it's um it's
just trying to gather a limited yeah
well we just thought we'd live in here
for a day alright see boys like you know
that was so funny cuz I was like so
since we live in now I was like well
maybe he wasn't joking he was like being
saying yeah yeah like deadly yes look
how good that looks
you're right before I'm stopped
Perry is gonna leave that way baba got a
gonna miss you miss you
I can't believe it-it's good because I'm
saying goodbye like I'm gonna drive home
but I'm gonna stay in my car genuinely
is for how's this experience been for
you in every words I mean it's I don't I
don't um freeway really seen anything
live here
and you probably never will again no I
do I detect another domino you're
welcome and it was hot and stuffy yeah a
great time it's a great use of reality
so I am back from Harriet's and I'm
tired I'm full the one thing I actually
forgot to mention about this videos the
only time I'm going towards but I need
the loo which I'm very sure I'm actually
gonna need the loo in a minute well
somewhat off to have each other I
haven't going to throw that the whole
day so someone I will need to go in and
go to the loo but other than that I'm
coming straight back to the car I am so
tired I've like just got my legs up just
chilling it is a my dad for my dad's
just got back from work then I think it
see me though yeh just got back from
work bless him I think I flagged on all
my editing a decent video upload to the
video you know I've been pretty
productive so like now I just don't know
what to do I'm gonna be really bored I
think I'm gonna get back in the back
maybe like watch a movie well I'm sure
she was gonna knock the shop so I might
get to get me some like ice cream
something like that and I watching me
you're right dad right going anywhere
sorry look at the back of my car dad I'm
am I was spending 24 hours in my car
opening this is 12
I don't unless you would have got on my
car hey unless you want to go out on my
car and go for a drive no you're in the
back oh well you just yeah yeah yeah I'm
gonna do whatever I want in this car -
sleeping in it yeah what do you know you
don't get into anyone's alright see ya -
update this is the time when everyone to
update you I have been wiping off my
makeup as you guys can see there is a
bloody full face on here I've got some
lip balm and suffering because my lips
are like so Chapel at the moment but
basically I have put all my fairy lights
don't tell me this isn't the cutest
thing you've ever seen you entire wild
weather these ones here they're broken
so I had to turn like the main light on
in the
because I was kind of like scared
because honestly it's actually pitch
black out at this time literally have a
look so this is what I'm dealing with
right now I am actually obviously going
to get under the duvets but I've just
got so much in here like the sinks of
Domino's as well so that's absolutely
great but yeah basically I'm gonna carry
on washing up my makeup or actually
getting it in my pajamas so what I'm
gonna do is I guess these are all able
to see me it's actually really all could
having to get changed in the car because
it isn't exactly that much room so I'm
gonna try and get you to the car so I
guess I just turn off my lights and my
fairy lights and then I can actually get
changed in the car without anyone that
my god you can't even see me oh my god
okay I'm magic go tell my fairy lights
off as well so that I can actually get
change so the next clip I will be in my
pajamas oh my god this is not great you
know it's not very practical living in
the car because everything falls down
but you know what I'm actually quite
crazy I'm in my PJs now is really
nervous okay so so many cars going by
like I know Mike Hawes black towel but I
really don't want anyone to see me
getting undressed but it's actually
quite late I have come to the conclusion
that I am so bored
like I have no editing to do in fact my
laptop's actually run out at this point
so I asked my mom and she actually when
I put it on charge me so maybe in a bit
she'll come back and I guess I'll just
like watch a movie or something
hopefully I can get some more snacks and
stuff but I am actually really really
really comfy like it's kind of been in
the cart and I do feel like this looks
like the cutest thing in the entire
world
so there's that I think I'm just gonna
try and like face every single friend of
my face on this because I'm so bored I'm
just so lonely like I don't know like
I'm always at home but I'm never this
lonely because at least I have my
parents are talked to and then I just
want to come and sit in the car the car
looks a little bit messy as well I don't
really know because it's quite late if I
like at least like organized everything
but there's nowhere else to really put
anything what the hell he just freaked
me out so much leaks have you just got
home is that why literally so he sees me
sitting in the car but I didn't even
realize it was chairs so this is my
uncle by the JED in case you guys didn't
know and I see someone knock on there
and I'm actually so freaked out so
conceals it was so dark
Oh
yeah I know I'm yeah I did I was tired
did you see how scared I was
I was so scared toughen up behind you
yeah I'm terrified Jed okay I'm here on
my own I'm bored I'm lonely do you want
to come and join me you could actually
just a witness how terrified I was then
because I thought it was not my mum or
dad like joking with me and I turn
around it wasn't like that the shape or
the outline of their body so I was just
so scared and I don't know why like I
know my house is there my family's there
but I was just scared because I'm just
like in a car my own and I've actually
I've locked the doors now in case that
does actually happen when I go to bed
obviously I'm gonna lock my car doors
I've been on FaceTime for the past like
maybe I have a something like a good
hour and a half basically I won't I
can't leave me because I'm like I'm so
bored and I like my laptop stared oh
it's not focusing so dark anyway so
these little ones keeping me company
haven't I thought I keep saying I'm so
scared
neither fine it's so late it's a
half-ass 11 and I'm actually going to
like get on I don't really know what to
do I don't want to like I've only got
one do they so I think what I'll do is
like sleep on top of the duvet then like
fold over having to learn hold my torch
right now because I only have like one
duvet nice like rock solid I'm like
sleeping on the duvet but then I've got
like I can't money like show you but
I've got like doubled over so I guess
this is how I'm gonna have to sleep I
think I just I don't know Anna's gone
now I feel like really lonely I think I
would sky like listen to music I think
honestly cuz it's so dark I easily be
able to fall asleep like I could like
sleep with noise but I can't sleep in
light like why is my biggest thing if
there's just a hint of light I will wake
up like immediately so it's a slight
thing that I'm worried about I feel like
the lights gonna come from my car so I'm
probably gonna be out so early
but yeah I guess I will see you guys in
the morning or whatever time I wake up I
see you guys can't even turn my torch
off I will see you guys in the morning
or the next clip
every time it maybe that's done these as
well I know you can't see me but it's
like I mean 523 no I literally can't
open my eyes I'm that tired been
freezing the whole night which is like
one of the main reasons why I kept
waking up is because I've been so cold
like the due day almost was wet where
it's so cold it's really early
7:54 managed to get through the night
like a notes or so pathetic but it is
really scary being here on your own I
can't wait to get in because I am so
cold I need to polish her day
I couldn't friend it last night because
it was so pitch-black and also one of
the reasons why I woke Hawks I woke up
like five that I woke up like six it's
because there's this gap in between the
chair right I might pillows foul down
and literally a whole head like dropped
it was so uncomfortable forces soft now
on wow I don't even know my parents up I
have no idea if they are I'm gonna ask
them if they don't mind bringing it in
they're not happy people bump
got to clean the after
made it to the front see and I'm
actually really super happy because
basically I put the heating and stuff on
now and I feel so much better because I
was freezing it's still so early
it's harpus eight right now and I've
actually wrote in my dad to come to
McDonald's drive-thru with me so he'll
get in the car I don't actually know
where he is I just rang about ten
minutes ago so please come with me
basically I would never like ever get
McDonald's breakfast it's just not
something I'm like a huge fan of I like
to like have like a healthier breakfast
but I just feel like I've gotten I don't
know like another like what even is a
time eight nine ten
I've still got like another five hours
in the car so I thought it would keep me
company my dad calm so he's gonna come I
also look like extra wrath because I've
slept in the car
Yuriy dad look I know it stinks of
Domino's and food and life stinks of of
war are you sleepy yeah why did sleep in
the I mean I don't smell scientific my
Donuts supposed to go to work but I've
been right that my getting roped in if
I'm getting a free pass
let's do it why'd she never had much
breakfast I think it's a reading don't
get addicted to it I definitely don't
know Illinois so it's definitely a good
treat for once in a while but there's no
way I'm getting used to this
Thanks come on Camille hi how are you
thank you
Rajyam I was like no no I'm not I said
that dishonest a joke once like
completely jokin and they ran off and I
felt so bad I was I cannot icon believe
I just did that
should we say I need to hear so my first
time I didn't actually try and get a bag
of fruit but they had none so I couldn't
get that so it's my first time always
this sausage the ones I'm used to get in
America oh my god I love that sausage so
much about two hours yeah what a beer
right that's it guys have had my time
I'm out of here come on
open let me free come home well done
Thanks so everyone that is the end of
the video I officially have done it 24
hours is either by car I actually did
leave once to go to the toilet I let you
run in run out other than that I didn't
leave the car so I think I'm pretty good
I hope you guys did enjoy don't forget
to hit a big thumbs up if you guys did
and subscribe down below and you can
also go and subscribe to my blog in
channel as well I leave that down below
anyways thank you so much for watching I
see you guys very soon
mwah bye
