hi everyone and welcome back to my
channel so today as you guys can see
I've got a special guest introduce
yourself hi I'm Sofia and we are doing
it's always really awkward when I
introduce you you have to say a name I
know so we are doing the know blending
makeup challenge how do you feel about
this I'm scared
so am i I'm really nervous that today
it's gonna ruin makeup products as well
cuz you're gonna laugh the lipstick on
top of the foundation and I feel like
I'm okay though because I put my hair
off look I'm really nervous for you okay
so before we had to get into this video
you should also go and check out Sofia's
channel and definitely go and check out
her video that we're gonna go and film
over there what we filming we are
filming the makeup bag swap on my
channel so it's saffron is going to be
doing her makeup using all the products
I use every day and then I'm going to be
doing the same thing using saffron yeah
I'm excited we have different skin times
so it's gonna be good it's gonna be good
I've done like this before but obviously
never Sophia so it's pretty excited so
I'll leave that down below go and check
that out I really hope you guys enjoy
this video don't forget to hit a big
thumbs up you guys do and subscribe down
below you ready I'm ready to go forever
new well let's get into the video so I
have so much makeup I don't know where
to start I don't really know are we
gonna do primer but I guess we're gonna
start with primer what know is that I've
just got so much time patching you still
haven't quite a bourbon right I'm gonna
start laying out my makeup I don't know
how we're gonna do this but I guess
we're gonna start with crying so I'm
gonna start by using the benefit
professional this is one of my faves I
really don't know how I'm gonna do this
but how can you not blend it this is
gonna be really weird so this is how I
normally apply it to my face and then I
revert highlining shanks like my I was
in shape yeah like ours
yeah why do you like this oh my god
you're gonna look so cute and I'm just
gonna like mess
all way let's say they see this heart
really hard today
oh it's going wrong today of course okay
and then I'll just do it like that and
then just like that and that's gonna be
stoked right and we're not allowed to
blend it in right
okay foundation you ready I have so many
options I think I'm gonna go this one
just cuz it's darker and normally I
would have to blend this so much because
this is this is nicer and look my shade
but when I blend in it lights over to
comes my shade well right is how would
you not would you okay use laser on this
but mine's like a stick so I wouldn't do
that I'd kind of just do this so I guess
I just do this nose is mixed together
right it's sticking out I don't know
anybody normally put more than this on
or less than this or but a heavy
foundation right that's what I would do
I see yours you're drifting you actually
drifting right next up yeah ready
because I okay because basically I'm
done and then I do the concealer after
the contour because I've never known
anyone do that let me know down below if
you guys do that because when you blend
the concealer it creases if you leave it
for too long if I but she not put
setting powder on what and then do
contour
yeah no see I haven't done that maybe is
right okay so this is this is gonna look
so weird so I don't know how you apply
your concealer but when I do it I do
that with triangle shades so this is
what I would normally do is mix it with
my foundation we don't this is so where
did your makeup so different that's why
you're so how does that look it looks
amazing it doesn't to the foundation
calexis blend in so yeah it looks like
this concealer it is where I just let
some old end but it's meant to be light
look at the difference
Oh
and then what I do is like a little
square I feel like all my viewers
watching kind of know I do right by now
do little square hair do one up up my
Cupid's bow like this and then it just
go straight down on the nose on my
contour stick nothing on my face because
I haven't we haven't done the concealing
it that's why oh here here right now so
down in the comments who you think's
gonna look better without blending I
feel like your girl look better oh you
do know the triangles too kind of I used
to do more triangles and I just started
doing it like this right here we go
here goes the contour got my colleague
chubby stick so I don't do dots like
this we'll do a nice line there oh
that's so gross I've gotta crack now
after this I would obviously blend in
what can't so yeah set it with powder
they're supposed to really gross I'm
like nothing's kind of applying to my
face anymore imagine if we went out like
this I put it on my leg if you don't
know oh my
oh you've deliberately put it yes I
think I've got my translucent powder but
I'm not gonna put on my leg I'm just
gonna put it in the lid this is and
Laura Mercier it's really uncommon it's
like if you're not I can quickly be free
self yeah that's what mystic is crowd
this is it's cold in my nose as well so
I would know me like there's so much of
it so I guess I'm like once you're a
youtuber you have to learn to be gonna
make oh yeah you have to yeah ready for
me to whack this on it's like Patrick
Starr thing you're like yeah he's wow I
feel so uncomfortable
you can't even you can't even move your
face yeah someone's so gonna print
screen' that right I think that's enough
for baking because it doesn't go very
well my finger feels and this is
something you would totally like me to
blend in
oh yeah like it was so bad
this one is oh good that's right I don't
know what's gonna I don't know how to do
my blush I have that yeah it's so good I
hate that why'd you eat it right anyone
else anyone else hey there nothing but
if it we love you so much that we are
now eating your blush okay my finger
won't even go in the pan for me to like
even get it out yeah that's it it tastes
really nice this is no but I'm gonna use
this one good we're doing this is going
on quite nice this basha shall I put
some on my for now you know to get that
small forehead oh no besides you know an
inner sight it looks like someone's
thrown up on us
but I feel like in this like I've got
sick all over my face it's really it's
making me feel sick because it looks
like sick oh my god it also makes you
realize how much makeup we put on by
this foundation is heading blending then
it doesn't feel like it no when it's
like yeah I didn't notice how many
layers and I probably pour more than
that's normally from so guys I will
become wait wait so you put bronzer over
your contour yeah I don't say that's
probably my makeup or anything right no
I don't set my face every day this is
like my fall up my full plan from going
out this is this is what I would do for
not with my fingers I'm going with
highlight now okay so we're going in
with this highlight
this isn't even going to show up and we
cut it is it giving me that glow nice
nice though no one else watching this is
like us so donkey that's just why we
don't know that's good on so good
that's so pigmented I mean doesn't look
like that's gonna wear it
Oh shadow I'm using this matte palette
my hands yeah but how are we gonna do
this because our hands look so grumpy
but it actually looks like screens color
so I'm just taking summer young from the
peach palette and I'm just something
you're gonna do a good job on it so no
it doesn't blend my finger gets stuck in
the crease I don't have color names so
we're just going for this one here but
we can even Black Keys have to place
like it doesn't even that is actually
lit up no no yours is better than mine
I'm gonna go for gold a gold shimmer I
guess I'm doing this that she looks you
right this has been my favorite part of
my life so far I've never used that yeah
but you can eat those ones we can
actually ham
yeah the edible really yeah I swear I'm
not kidding
that I swear to you it must be that one
I know to face and it smells amazing
right yeah it's right you can because
actually taste bad and this is the most
yeah you can eat those ones that's not
as weird it looks weird but you can
actually do those I know you can't I've
kind of always wanted to do it but no
you can yeah trust me giggle OH I might
ask you this isn't it blending
yeah I mean I guess so and then anybody
do much to my brows I can't even brush
them into place I'm just gonna have to
like outline because I've definitely got
that thick eyebrow and I've always
wanted I've always wanted thick brows a
car the Cara Delevingne brow is it the
same thing I think that's really bad
well normally if I do my brows I really
have to blend them oh yeah see I use
this brow gel thing cycle this time I
think what I got no I can't even do
mascara but can you do that though I
don't think you know you can't brush
your brows in place just blend it that's
what yeah your eyelashes are so good
then what mascara did you use it's it's
a tiny bow one oh how do you think I got
that like mini one in like one of her
calendars I love this and SCARA I think
it was like five pounds but you know
what I actually think Maybelline do such
good it's a Maybelline yes they do all
the limbs go because like right you're
not blending you're wiping your still
don't need it well I think you can like
put it on i'ma go for a red just to make
you more adventurous it was actually
looks good
mine's gonna be so hard with your right
you ready for this that's quite good so
far is good oh yeah but you went into
this bit because I always I always have
to like wipe in fact all my braids
always goes wrong - here we go
oh god I knew it go wrong that's
actually quite good though to be fair
I'm actually quite proud of it it's on
my show I feel like I've done a good job
it's all over my jacket - if it was so
dirty with so guys I think that's the
look though is that the look it is I
thought though Sofia right so there is a
finished looks it's
clumsy I got on my shoes ya know why I'm
so messy as well but you guys definitely
let us know down in the comments if you
was either one of us whose makeup would
you rather go out in who's done the best
job without blending I mean I don't
think I'll of us because no way you
can't see that there's like lines and
everything so just like really a really
fake town with red lipstick no I think
you know someone's thrown up with me of
red lipstick while I look like a doggy
version of Miranda sings is what I think
everyone find them although because
interested to know who you thinks is
best
Sophie about you got a surprise for you
though okay so I'm thinking as this
looks so good on our face
why not blend it now so they can now
we've done it all let's blend it and see
what it would look like if we blended
after we've applied on our makeup
alright yeah alright peace I actually
realize I'm not finished yet I haven't
done my spray and I apply a load of this
okay I'm kind of nervous about this we
saw dripping and go you did drop it oh
wow it feels even more gross than it
already did do you want some yeah are
you good okay you can use some it's
giving me that shimmer though this is
what I've this is what I've wanted
smells amazing doesn't it smells so good
right I'm gonna cause it's too wet my
Beauty Blender a little bit okay where
to start
it's not boys and girls is it upended
quite is it too stiff I mean it's
definitely better when you you'd blender
to go but it's not as bad as I thought
however this purse gonna it's gonna be a
disaster I can already feel it I'm
having fun 4head I don't feel like it
looks that bad I just look like I can't
you make up well because like much
makeup is on your face why doesn't your
sighs she looks quite good thanks I
might say so myself but I don't think it
does I don't like a talking orange
basically is what I would describe
myself as like I look so dirty life like
a people work hard to be there but her
makeup looks so dirty we've used our
makeup done our full face I feel
different I feel I would I was cuz I
feel good I don't feel good how did you
feel about your look I feel like if you
went out like that honestly no one would
say yeah no one even noticed
I feel like I've been to like a concert
and I've cried a lot over the person
I've seen yeah that's yeah like it's
just like not that bad like if you if
you went out and then it looked good
then it ended up looking like this yeah
okay well yours yours us yours is good
if I walked up the street like this
people would notice from a mile away I
would get so many stairs anyways here
are the finished look I hope you guys
did enjoy the video so fear is still
blending I think she just really wants
to feel like you could actually do is
that what we've done and like you'll be
good you'll be good to go I mean it
looks better obviously normally but
you're still looks good so obviously
yeah let us know your opinions are down
in the comments below
yeah this is the end of the video I
really hope you guys did enjoy I've
never really done anything
similar to this before so if you did
enjoy this and have any other video
ideas like this video recommendations
and then also definitely let me know
down in the comments as I said don't
forget to go and check our staff ears
Channel and her video that we're about
to go and film over there now so thank
you so much for being on my channel I
feel like I'm a couple over there yeah
so I hope you guys enjoyed and hopefully
receive a resume I
you
