hello everyone and welcome back to my
channel now today's video is very
exciting if you have followed me for a
long time then you would know the issue
that I've had with my hair and how much
I just want my hair to grow and how much
I enjoy dyeing my hair but kind of hate
it at the same time basically I am
naturally brunette and I Drive a Heba
lond and ruins my hair completely so now
we're just trying to basically grab my
hair back I've gone through extensions
I've wanted to dye my hair like crazy
colors I've just never already been able
to because it just damages my hair so
much so today's video is very exciting
because it's like every girl's dream to
have every single color hair without
ruining it so I'm hoping and that these
wigs do actually look really really
really good it would be amazing if they
do a hundred percent know that I would
wear them out I tried to get a few
different styles if you guys have a
follow to lots of my wish videos before
then you would actually know if that is
a bit of a hit in the Miss I mean I've
had actually quite good experience with
which in general but the the sight alone
fly quite here miss and also even if you
order like a bunch of things at one time
everything arrives separately so don't
actually think all my wigs have come yet
and it's been about maybe like just over
three weeks I've got good 70% of them I
out of quite a few so I have no idea
what styles I've got but I feel like
this is definitely gonna be interesting
and exciting and I just hope that they
look good I really hope you guys do
enjoy the video as well and don't forget
to hit a big thumbs up you guys too
and subscribe down below and without
further ado let's get into the video
right on the butter right so let's start
the first ones actually a little bit
interesting I've had a sneak peek I know
exactly what one this is it's blonde so
I feel like maybe is actually the most
boring one but the reason I really
really really wanted to order this it's
because my friend Lauren was actually
advertising this so I'm sure a lot of
you guys do know Lauren and she doesn't
wear a wig well I definitely don't know
if her wearing a wig I didn't also to
see if your my other friends actually
the wish website apparently we're in
these wigs as well which is actually
their own hair I thought this would be
really really really interesting in look
like Lauren's hair
let's see what it looks like when it's
on so I think it's just really long and
blonde no it's not as actually a white
blonde as Lauren's hair I mean it this
is honestly nothing like I mean it's
blot this long and it's blonde but it
actually looks nothing like Lauren's
hair however it is actually really
really really pretty and the quality of
the hair feels really really really nice
I think this is one of the more
expensive ones maybe around like 17
pounds which still isn't that bad like
this looks good
honestly what was I ever doing getting
extension that's the clips you know you
just kind of clip it all around and then
if you want it to look like more
realistic you can put makeup and stuff
and blend it all in I don't think I'm
gonna do all of that because it's gonna
take me so long I'm just gonna put the
wig on and let you guys know I'll think
of it right so oh my all right I need to
do this hair now on oh wow alright her
net is on I mean it's actually a black
hair net which doesn't really go great
with the blonde hair but it's all we've
got so we're just gonna go with it so
some of these would actually come with
hair nets and stuff and you did have to
order the night separately be how I can
auction it if you wanted to like you
know get add-on so this was the add-on
that I got I think it cost me like one
pound more it's quite a weird hair net
though to be honest but let's for the
wig on what I do not look like Lauren
right now I'm telling you now so the
actual like hair itself isn't that bad
like honestly the texture and stuff was
so smooth it feels so so so nice but
it's this bit here it just looks really
really really fake to me I would like
immediately know that this is the wig I
think instead of you know kind of like
tuck this behind my ear maybe otherwise
it's just cut really badly I also feel
like these weeks would look you know so
much better if you actually kind of got
on styled to suit you and I know it's
obviously it's not gonna see everyone I
come sure a lot of people who do get
weeks to get them to kind of cut and fit
your face and I would have to do that if
I was wearing this because it just hang
straight down it doesn't look very good
and also like I know you can put like
concealer and stuff down here to make it
look like it's actually your hair and
your scalp and stuff but there isn't
really the gap for that which makes it
look more fake as well but yeah as I
said
the hair overall actually feels amazing
I'm just not too sure how realistic it
looks and I don't feel like I like
Lauren so I feel like this is quite
offensive tour and to be fair it
couldn't look good because of this bit
here like this it would have to like you
know look more your color moving on oh
it's actually so hot tell you what I
could not wear a wig in this thing oh
this one actually does come with oh girl
this cause of the comb and everything
it's one okay we are at you know I've
always wanted to see myself of black
hair I look so crazy right now I really
hate this we have gone for of the lack
Bob and this looks like so kinda like
sassy and cool however I just don't
think a dark hair person who suits me
I'm actually really really really
excited for this so and the good thing
is with this I again it the quality
actually feels really nice like it feels
like a really nice smooth real hair
doesn't feel like that kind of like
plasticy hair this one's actually a lot
better because that one obviously let
alone you know more plastic eeks they
didn't already have the actress cut
there was no scalp color however this
was Monica whitish scalp so it actually
looked more realistic when I'm wearing
it so I think this one could kind of
look better but then I just don't know
if I'm gonna sleep like her again it has
like all the clips and stuff you can't
really see because obviously it's black
but it has the clip so like make sure
you die grip it on and stuff and if I
actually did want to wear this I would
like you know percolo and make sure it's
I call a lot better than I'm gonna put
on now oh my god this one's a little bit
of a shock to the system but you know
what I actually really really really
really like at this like style and this
color and it actually kind of makes me
want to go dark I think like if I blend
it with foundation this could look
really silly the other one I definitely
just think looks like a wig but this one
could look realistic if I you know
actually spent some time on trying to
make it a realistic I've let you just
shop this on and that's it but it feels
realistic and I feel like it looks
better in real life whether you touch
the hair and honestly I'm molting
so much I have got hair all around me
and it just keeps going in my face and
it's just
yeah we're molting basically so that was
the only downside
of this week let's soak all right I want
to go dog decided even though my whole
life I've been trying to good for lunch
and damaging my hair I want to go dark
because I actually love it next up we
have the little hair oh my god this is
so cool
next up we are going for blue hair the
color is amazing again it feels amazing
like I was so shot you know when you
think of like a dressing up wig that's
honestly what I thought these were gonna
be like because people spend hundreds
and hundreds of pounds on like realistic
wigs so I thought these we're gonna be
slow feeling proper cheap but they don't
the only thing is the cuts off Allah is
not like a dead straight case all over
the place it looks like well you can
tell her hair just doesn't cut the hair
basically this a wig is actually so
caught and is such an amazing color
however I just I just don't feel a
component them on right because it's
this piece the way they're cut down here
I feel like I need to go to like some
stuff like wig school to like learn if
you guys have any tips and tricks
obviously I know that I could spend time
concealing it and makeup so it blends a
little bit more but I still don't think
it's gonna look that realistic however
the hair alone does actually look pretty
realistic especially with the ombre as
well do you guys reckon like you know
because they're like cheap wigs that's
why they're cut like this or if I bought
expensive ones
yeah like would they be the same or
would they be different I don't know I
kind of want to go out like buy suspense
at once like see the difference if
that's what you guys would like to see
that obviously do let me know it down
below and this is my actually the one
I'm most excited for for cause it's a
pink wig um oh it's pretty hot pink hair
but as I said I can't dye my hair pink
because I would just ruin it even more
than it audio's anything is so this one
does feel like a dressing up wig and it
looks like it it doesn't look like no
pink carries a natural but it like it
doesn't look natural and actually the
hair isn't falling out as much as the
black one was but the hair is still like
definitely falling out so actually even
though I was very excited for this one I
don't think it's actually gonna look
that great and it's down to one of my
little cousins because I'm sure they'd
love dressing up in the Oh
oh hello like um was the name for Greece
obviously the hair is like really
unrealistic color so it's hard to say
looks natural but actually the way it's
cut is definitely a lot better than the
others however I don't know if you guys
can see properly but you can actually
see whether it has sewed in so if you
well if you saw me you would clearly
know that it wasn't my hair I dyed it
you would know that this is the wig
because you can actually see it in the
top here which is actually quite a shame
oh my god you know I really want doc
I've never thought I'd hear myself say
that but I actually kind of want to go
like da da look at all that hair oh my
god it feels and make the same thing
though it is like it's the black hair
it's molting badly but look how that is
crazy that's so nice I really really
really wish I could sit here and like
blend the makeup in and just try and
make them look as realistic as possible
because I actually would love to go out
of hair like this and I actually feel a
little bit like Pocahontas and you know
what this one actually looks the most
realistic I think I mean if you know me
it isn't because I don't have one right
care but like I wouldn't actually really
think oh she's got a wig on if I saw
this especially by the time that I would
have like you know actually sorting it
out and maybe cut installed it a little
bit more to me I think it's amazing and
it's so long oh right people way to go
dark let me know down below we're gonna
do it so this is what it looks like when
I stand oh my god if I do I'm going long
a dog I hacked you want to going on a
dog I think I'm gonna do I actually
think I'm gonna do it if I don't get a
custom wig like or if I can't get this
costume and it doesn't look realistic to
me to go out in I'm going dark Matt
you're just gonna do it because I love
there so if you guys like I wanna
actually get a wig or like and wear it
all the time then I would recommend you
know gonna buy one of these ones to see
which one that actually suits you and
then going out and buying it actually
you know a proper wig because it's gonna
be worth it and like even though these
wigs do look good and I feel like they
could look good like I'm molting so much
like you can just pull so much hair of
this and I feel like if I was on a date
or something with a guy and my eating
dinner ice mink
have more hair on my plate than on my
head right the very last one is a hombre
it's blonde blonde which I've actually
wanted to have ombre hair before so now
I can actually see what its gonna look
like on me obviously this is the curly
one and I actually love love love the
cárdenas of the hair and it actually
stays in like you know you don't have to
like recolor it's gonna say like this I
can cut you can just tell by the way
there is but again it looks all around
here and I've decided and never want to
have ombre my life it looks like this
because it done like it this again was
under $20 so like you don't it you don't
want to expect like loads from this wig
and I don't expect loads on this week I
think they're all kind of like one-time
wears because they do look nice but a
lot of the hair does come out and you
don't want to go out and eat in them so
everyone today is the end of the video I
already have you guys it did enjoy it
let me know it down in the comments
below your favorite wig thank you it if
you sweat any of these what ones would
you go out in also which one actually
soothe me the most what hair so you know
let me know down in the comments I would
actually love to know your thoughts
thank you so so much for watching and
I'll see you guys very soon
mwah Oh
