hello everyone and welcome back to my
channel as you can see I've got a bigger
box here from Asus you guys did a my
shopping which is so exciting
I've never really done anything like
this before we're actually means if you
guys apart it's like you know involved
in the video I've got my Easter bow I
basically just put up a thing won't be
part of the video and let you know DME
right now so many DMS from so many of
you so thank you so much I really
appreciate it and I'm glad a lot of you
wanted to be like involved in the video
and so basically I then message a few
people and say all I really want you is
to pick my outfits and stuff so just
send me links to things that you think I
would sue or things that maybe you think
I wouldn't usually wear or just anything
your style my style and then after that
my mum went on to my Instagram and she
basically put all the links into a
basket and all of them for me because I
don't want to see I felt like a message
you guys that I kind of left it there
let's down to my mom so Emery's in this
box is down to you guys I don't really
have like a particular style I just kind
of like what I like I like kind of like
edgy stuff with it at the same time I
like some really cute stuff so I don't
really have a particular style so I feel
like if people would have chosen things
that they thought kind of suited
themselves and then they think maybe I
should wear it I don't know I'm so busy
I haven't seen the stuff yet like a
bloomin big box so we are ready to dive
in I hope you guys enjoy this video it's
much a big thumbs up you guys do and
subscribe down below and if you want to
see more videos like this for all of you
guys can be involved don't forget to let
me know down in the comments below and
my started a big thumbs up oh I always
see if I do any other videos like this
again I will probably draw over
Instagram again so yeah you should go
parliamentary I'm doing anyways that's
all I have to say I hope you guys enjoy
and let's get into the video
right oh my god it also come
let's start off with these right let me
just find out what this basically I
asked my mom to text me everything like
who they're from
so these are trousers right Brianna
right let's vote for new god thank you
so much for this by the way don't know
if I buy them myself just because
they're a little bit out of my comfort
zone and also like I'm not strikes so
much but I don't think they're very
flattering on the bottom half they're
kind of more flattering on the top half
so I don't know these could be very
flattering on me but you know what this
is this is so cool because I only laughs
like anything kind of colorful at the
moment mister these trousers are
definitely not something I would
normally go by myself but actually turns
out I love them and I mean now I've got
them I would definitely wear them so
yeah these look really super big so I
don't even know if these are gonna fit
me but they're actually really cool that
I didn't chocolate the rainbow stripe
down the side and these are from lush
that so thank you so much this is so
cool everyone's getting me rainbow
stripes I'm excited to try these but I
don't think they're gonna fit me these
shorts are a little bit too big for me
but they are actually really really
really cute it's kind of like a weird
shape I don't know like if I saw them I
would like them and then at trying them
on I don't personally like them yeah I
mean I don't know how to say mother and
they are really super cute though
they're just like a weird that breaking
stuff that hasn't got me two different
things she got me this t-shirt which i
think is so cool cuz I feel like a
patent is kind of emerging like
everyone's getting rainbows and stripes
I feel like it's gonna be so hard and
long to like try and remember who bought
everything is I'm just gonna put it out
show you it's gonna be a jazz this where
they're kind of remembering what mom has
to remember who actually bobbing what
this is so wait I should have already
popped up a picture basically what I
deemed everyone and I never mentioned
anything about stripes or rainbows ain't
like that
this actually getting really creepy now
that everyone's getting big every turn
off the rainbow I mean I use all framers
but I didn't realize it was that clear
all this is a bit weird actually
next up I've got this knitted dress this
isn't
I usually choose just because it's
knitted and it's a weed you know to have
all of the fabric for a dress but let's
try it on this is Aurora be I don't know
like one of these I'm not entirely sure
however I do actually really really
really like it's a bit baggy and it's a
very weird with that bro magic Android
to kind of think in that's quite cute
it's actually Pride this weekend so
something like this without you don't
really cute and now I have like so many
different outfits to choose from next up
is this place it and you know what it
isn't something I would usually pick up
myself and love play suits in fact so I
love palm trees I think this is really
pretty just I don't think it's very my
style also again it's really weird like
it looks massive but it's actually my
usual size so I'm hoping this fits me
let's go try this on as you can tell
this doesn't fit me this is like way too
big for me but you know what I wasn't
actually expecting to like this but I
think if I was like around the pool I
can actually like throw this on and I
wouldn't actually my worry I think it's
actually kind of cute however I won't
just you know go out and just put this
on it's more like you know something
that I would have with the bikini
because also it's bright see-through so
have like a bikini underneath there's no
check around the hole I'm going on
holiday I going to the beach really
think I would give a thumbs up I
finished on the site so many times I
wanted to get in twenties to go don't go
have the confidence to wear it I was
really surprised that one of you
it's up me these pants look bloody no
look on these love these pants anyways
so you see your bum treat and pretty
much it's just got like a really long
tassel there and it actually also got
the top which is really cool because I
actually really like respect to gether
don't know what it's come over at
Michael main this is actually so sub so
cool I mean it's not something I'm going
to actually go out and you know by Mike
what I mean I love it but I wouldn't
personally wear it myself
follow the person who bought me this
definitely has more confidence in my
body that I do this page you can see
it's quite revealing so I mean I love it
I just don't know if I would possibly
wear out myself so ever chances to me
thank you so much because you've
definitely got more confidence in my
body then I actually have so wow thank
you
this is the little broiler that it comes
with ah this is so cute and no stairs I
mean I haven't even fully seen it yet
but it's actually looks so cute I would
actually I like 100% wetness whoever
called me this knows me too well
it says squeeze the day I feel like I've
always said wear this though I would
even like tie it up or I would maybe
like property I think it'd be really
cute I hope you'll imagine this with
some denim shorts this top and already
much to say about it apart from the fact
that I actually really really really
like it and if I was to wear it I
probably would just tie in like a little
knot like a half an hour or maybe even
crop here I think it's really cute and
yeah I mean I'd wear it well this looks
sparkly
this looks really interesting well all I
can say is my view is definitely have
the coolest fashion sense because like I
wasn't expecting anything boring but I
thought people would kind of go a bit
basic
um this is not basically one office this
so what is this is a jacket okay so to
be fair I don't really feel like I'm
doing this any favors because the
company brother to change and but to be
honest I don't think this is gonna look
good with anything like I feel like a
cake with sprinkles it's just really
weird as a cake that does like this
either
it's just wait I just don't like it I
wouldn't buy it and it's not me even
though when I actually personally go out
and buy it or even wear it I kind of saw
understand why somebody
get this for me because you know I'm
very into like I don't know this kind of
stuff my TAS see stuff and bright and
colorful things so I kind of get why
some over by mere capacity it's just
something I just definitely warm wire a
lot of things he knows there's something
I was by myself
I'm really excited to try this on so it
looks like a playsuit and it's polka
dots
I'm also yellow which is my favorite
color and we love a good placing so this
is really cute I can actually picture
myself wearing this this is so pretty
like I love polka dots and I would go on
the site and buy this myself and turn it
on and of it even more so I mean there's
nothing I would fool about this perhaps
you know I'm so happy with the results
what is the advice everybody kind of
chose more my style then their own and I
get why people chose the things that
they did I'm really into rainbow at the
moment and I think a lot of my viewers
kind of showed out that he bought me I'm
also ready to stripes that was also made
very obvious not other things I
particularly would have gone out I've
got myself I think you get why people
chose it for me I just don't like the
people that I have a pitch which was
honestly like a plenty of random would
obviously like such a loyal viewers
because they know me too well so thank
you so much and I'm actually and kind of
typed by how I'm like spot-on
a lot of you guys got it so thank you so
much I actually really enjoyed this
video don't you get to a big thumbs up
you guys it as well and subscribe down
below and I'll see you guys over my
billion channel but if not as you guys
were racing what bye
