hello everyone welcome back to my
channel I feel really weird because like
we're eating well yeah we're going to be
I'm drum with my mom Wendy
we don't know herb ng Wendy over here
anyway so I achieved a video my mom
quite a what actually was this year but
it feels yeah it was I checked it was
this very large Michael it feels like
the last year does yeah anyway so we
filmed a video which we feel like was
ages ago where we basically spoke like
you know guy taught that kind of stuff
so then you guys loved it you know
you've got to know a little bit more of
an insight about Arthur leave that down
below if you want to go and check that
out but I love you really request is
like a go kind of version so like toxic
friendships and like fake friends and
all kind of stuff like that so like
general topics and things like me
personally as well and I guess an inside
my mom would and always generations like
you know I like the older do we do this
but we're done in the club and bring
some Nando's with us so you know you go
on a sale like way don't want McDonald's
no like I took it up McDonald's but now
don't is my favorite so we went to nanos
and we actually picked up quite a bit we
have actually so much food don't think
we're gonna be able to eat this all but
let's give it a go not good I take great
cheers to us is gonna cheat here big
thumbs up you want to see another
version of this we got so many likes in
the last one which is why we're doing
like another version so if you do enjoy
this video don't forget to hit a big
thumbs up and subscribe down below and
you can also check on my fucking channel
for more cool stuff like this as well
without what we're doing you ready let's
get into the video so I guess right so
what's what this is paying thighs so
much drinking 17 oh I want these look
how good yeah hang on quickly if you
don't watch I don't know where's that
hello mate I need it that's really way
summer say you've got the dips and
everything from if you follow my gloves
I just have to really quickly say this
and you know I'm gonna say fuck yourself
but like but you won't know how obsessed
I am I dissociable Perry Taylor if
you've never tried it get it it's on the
secret secret menu who dat our talent
everyone I told about it literally
they're obsessed with it so yeah just
awesome promo it's free it's amazing
it's like a really sweet time barbecue
sauce and I don't even know mean like
barbecue but it's like amazing you need
to have it so we got we got plenty of
these deer mice napkin I actually need
this basically sit at the table like
this sometimes I'm not even kidding
right so you got halloumi cheese video I
got chicken butter all right I'm gonna
need to get play because I got as well
as sorries
oh this is your wrap oh hell is this his
bread you've got a pizza break a spell
wrap oh that's a weird thing that you
want it what I don't know it smells
really good though weird I swear it had
like loads of like things inside like
mushrooms is I can oh yes everything I
keep pulling out I think it's my
butterfly chicken if it's not what is it
it smells really bad you know we got
sweet potato which was so good and then
oh here we go here's one chicken pox by
lemon herb but I still get it in the
store this is just the bread here we go
this is what I want to eat but I think
I'm going to start with the fries and
just use my hands and then I'm gonna get
a plate any nice I really want to but
I'm gonna start with anything
make sure you get it back because I've
got this actually is really nice but you
need to have a parrot a mother you know
proteome sauce lemon of it
I mean I'm such a town bring it in the
bottom off you expect I never mind it's
all open
that was actually my fault yeah people
were asking questions over on my
instrument over on my Twitter so we're
just going to
when like odds were as many as possible
okay the first question is actually kind
of like personal wits have you had any
toxic friendships and I think I won't
admit necessarily say toxic I've
definitely fallen out with people and
stuff like I haven't had a toxic ongoing
friendship because I feel like if I had
like a friendship that's getting toxic I
would just kind of cut the friendship
there because I don't want to waste my
time on someone that's toxic I guess so
why would I we might not be that they're
toxic and might be there yeah together
yeah obviously losing and it doesn't
work anymore and that's okay thank you
just that's okay yeah but move on cut it
off and if people don't ever say to me
like how did you have toxic friendships
I just think I don't know if it's toxic
it's probably not worth fighting for
do you know I mean it a little bit like
if it's a friendship and they just done
something wrong it upset you and it's
just a one-time thing I get it like you
want to stay friends with this person
like i'ma try and save friends or
someone but if it is actually an ongoing
toxic friendship you've just got to cut
it off like I'm sure there'd be so many
more people there you know you get a
long way to go out a friend especially
I'm like this I've got old I've got I'm
really lucky that I have many friends
that I went to school with are still my
best friends so we've been friends for
like 30 40 35 30 years or something and
that I'm feel really privileged to have
that because not a lot of people doing
it's really nice but I've also had other
friendships where people have come up
best friend and something then they're
not because actually they're not who I
thought they were or they're just not
like we just we don't get on as well as
I thought we would and stuff but now
yeah that's no.11 I think that's just
part night and it's like okay look I've
already dopey as well because I
definitely have friends I had in primary
and stuff that is still my friends now
like such good friends but at the same
time like I'm not necessarily as close
as people as I used to be because you
grow up like you move on so even if the
friendship isn't toxic you might just
move on I feel like what we're giving
advice services kind of changing subject
but I definitely not been as close to
people as I thought I would be like I
thought they'd be my best friend for
life and I'm still friends with them but
you know you just don't have as much in
common anymore like with my job it's
very different to a lot of my friends
that I was in in high school so I've met
lots of friends from this job I've also
had lots of like not friends well this
your mother's gonna say
the question was what is friendship like
on YouTube and that is such a good batch
churn because they it's so what it's not
like well no not all like you can find
some amazing people like obviously I
thought Anastasia and she is an amazing
person and I never would have met her if
it wasn't for YouTube because I know we
actually met obviously through YouTube
but just from filming together mother
nature didn't you know she commented on
my video and I was like oh my god like I
watch how I love her and so we just
became really good friends so obviously
you can meet people from YouTube because
and it's really great as well because
Anna and I have so much in common
because we do the same thing we enjoy
talking about the same thing you know
our life evolves around YouTube so it's
really good but not even does that like
it's really hard as well because with
YouTube obviously like I I do it I try
not to do it but you can't help but
judge someone just off their videos come
you know even a second longer I mean
yeah I think if you watch someone that
blocks for a long time you can see what
they really like you willing hand and
you get a feel for it because you can't
fake that
oh yeah well I mean you can cuz it's
coming there's been people that I've met
and I've been like oh I'm really
disappointed like they were like their
video or I don't use any different
public so if you work in it in a shop
you worked in a shoe shop and there's a
group of girls there or whatever you're
always going to get a bit jealous - yeah
wanting to get though it's just it's
like that everywhere but it's just it's
worse because it's in the public eye on
social media people joining you yeah of
people and I was so knowing so when they
say something like oh she's fake or
she's thought or whatever then people
believe them but actually my cousin same
thing I know someone at you know I
really other this said that and all of
my followers would believe me so now you
don't do that because you're not present
yeah and I don't want to waste my time
on someone else top yesterday so that's
why I don't do it these halloumi sticks
are literally insane alright they're so
nice your phone's this but I could go
through the whole box it tastes better
than just the halloumi on its own it's
just a saying read a book
hmm it's like squeaking in my mouth but
I'm eating it it's doing the same thing
for me I can fit I feel like a mouse in
my mouth what do you do when you have a
big crush on someone but he has a
girlfriend you're literally so damn
jealous of me
what is hold it in yes anything
there isn't much you can do like you
don't want to ruin a relation to ruin
someone else's relationship even if I
like like someone so much I would never
do that I would never ruin someone
else's relationship I just just sit and
hope it ends
not to me yeah and just jot it down I do
just Instagram
just try and fancy someone just you can
like you'll just move on hopefully yeah
yeah and he's probably not really what
anyway I do I might accept that this
one's actually technically to mom so I'm
assuming this is the mom that's asked
this and she's perfect what's the best
way to have the talk with your daughter
I know you're long um started your
period
no just that no bones right and I'm
probably not the best one yeah actually
I thought we said this in the last game
about my period when you know she wrote
everyone everyone when I told her not to
tell everyone is she still taught
everyone I think nowadays is having the
talk maybe one of these is like an I
don't think you really need to nowadays
kids are so - they have sex education
and stuff at school anyway
so I feel like I thought it would you
just said you know you know I'm here if
you ever want to talk about it it's kind
of wait so they've got a boyfriend I
started going out a bit and then just be
like you know I know you don't wanna
talk about it I'm married awkward and
but you know I really hope that if
anything happens you know you can come
to me and talk to me I think the thing
is for us we've just always been quite
open I've always been quite relaxed I've
noticed I might sit down I'm gonna talk
to you about this do it in little stages
that's what I did anyway just do it I
didn't sit yeah all right here we go and
I felt that we've been so much worse if
you did that no I know I feel like I
wouldn't have been open to talk to you
about stuff because I would have felt
like because you've sat me down like
this mmm
yeah like I'm in trouble like it
wouldn't have been good so I think just
kind of like easing into it like you
know just not
having like a talk there just now
mentioned yet what do you look for in a
friend no not you think is normal
complete normal what every person should
have on a lawyer IMT a hon yes M that's
about it I literally can't sound with
the aren't lawyer I think I love Ireland
yeah Alice Lee and loyalty but they all
go believe me
I'm loyal so I feel like we can't say
that because they're not liable that is
so frustrating when you think about it
it's actually not a lot to ask for but I
think because I've always been so loyal
when my friendship group has always been
so loyal within each other that I've
always expected it from other people
it's not what people say to you is about
what people say about you behind your
back
that isn't what true friendship is and I
have rethink so if someone's got your
back when you're not there they're your
friend yeah someone flatters you and
tells you how wonderful you are and oh
my god you're so hot
and especially it's all over social
media you're the best you're
good-looking you're amazing I love you
that's because they're trying to make
themselves look good they don't need to
do that yeah all right don't stack
themselves yeah that's that's not a
friend a friend is someone that behind
your back says you know what she's
actually a really nice person I really
love her don't be mean about her because
I'm gonna have her back all day long
because I know her and you know what I
had that I had this friend who I was
really close to and I remember one day
she was talking about someone else not
in a very nice way it was actually their
best friend and my arm said to me like I
know you love this person but please
just it's out the door cuz it'll be a
parcel my mom basically just said to me
like I know you love this person and my
mom just got to get the door by the way
and I know you want to stay friends with
them and that's fine but please just be
really careful because how they talk
about someone else is how it kind of
reflects on themself and how they talk
about someone else is how they could
talk about you the way they're talking
about their best friend is how they
could be speaking about anyone because I
know that I would never ever ever talk
nasty about my best friend because
they're my best friend and if I had a
problem with them I would say it to them
not about them behind their back or
anything like that and now I'm having
halloumi bit
Perry tamer source because Perry time
sauce is the most addictive sugary thing
you're never late so much as a placenta
or make sure you get pretty oh yeah it
is so great actually
oh hey why are you giving me big fun
adjectives right on this mom did you
know real spoons
oh it looks so good do you dislike any
of saffron's friend
no no not any of them oh yeah with I
don't think there's other people that
you'd rather mean maybe not hang out
with I don't know but then why would
they be much yeah
I don't think there'll be any reason for
you not to like my friend you have had
friends that I've not liked I mean like
even not close right it's not like
probably I wouldn't choose as my friend
yeah okay
like really strong I'm like I'm
obviously starting a loyalty thing I
could never not be loyal to someone but
if like anyone just anything that
stubborn that is my mom like she will
never forget no I have second chances
and that's here I don't have a third she
doesn't have a second I mean if someone
makes us you know someone does something
that's just silly and you know I know
yeah apologize and they and they face it
but when people don't that's just like
yeah I love this question as well this
is is it hard this by hand Lloyd this is
is it hot ballots in social life friends
brackets friends where YouTube are
always so busy and I think yes
definitely and actually I have fallen
out not like massively falling out
friends but I am just really awful at
replying it's not my strong point and I
don't really mean it I have actually I'm
really grateful I have so many friends
and with my job it literally takes over
my life
I mean with my friends that do YouTube
it's easier because we go to events and
I see them at events and South for we're
talking about the same thing or like if
we ever need help the FaceTime each
other so it's easier because you can
talk about work but with my happen with
my school friends and stuff it's harder
to see them but they're so so much now
was when you when Esther they was all
going out clubbing and those all at
college they will make new friends but I
didn't you know just really hear when
your own doing your own which is me I
wanted to do yeah because I wanted to do
it a hundred percent you had to yeah a
hundred percent or else there's no and
at first like actually I was gonna say
my school friends it was really hard for
them I mean it was hard for my school
friends at first because I wasn't going
out they still know I know I know and if
you have a lot of sequel mix that's one
thing that I've really tried to work on
myself I wouldn't yeah yeah but
everybody work no but that is one thing
I would completely own up and say like
I'm such a bad require like I'm not good
I like text some people back and getting
back to people even with my management
and self I when it comes down to youtube
up just the one st for me I'm saying
yeah I've heard to just find someone
like if you need me find me don't text
me just phone me or snapchats good
because I don't have notifications for
anything house because I get so many
notifications so I don't get notified
it's all messages me I don't feel like I
am personally the best person to ask on
this I feel like you should answer this
more and I think actually a lot of
people would think that I have really
strong body confidence but I don't so
this is advice on body confidence that's
question yeah and I feel like this is
something I've actually suffered with
yeah I can't really give advice on this
and I enjoy watching people give advice
on this because I actually feel like I
personally really struggle with this and
I have a big noisy everyone struggles
with body calm because I've never met
and yeah everyone's jungles of
insecurity so I wouldn't necessarily say
body confidence and one has an
insecurity it might be your body mmm
not many people with me like oh my God
my body's amazing yeah not many people
are just gonna post an instant if you
see anybody Instagram picture this in a
bikini it's edited like no one this is
why you need to have more body conscious
because no one yeah that in your life in
the magazines in that literally I mean I
can
I've seen people and I know what they
look like and I just think we're not
really yeah I don't know
I'm just saying it knocks on tables
cause everyone thinks oh my god I need
to look like that well you don't you can
do the same thing just Photoshop feel
like you're never gonna be a hundred
said half of your body
sapphire thank you come on just stop
recording one sec sorry go again that
one's been up and down with this which
she's been in tease she's had times when
she's really happy and loves herself
oh yeah not literally but you might say
I feel you get about my stuff say it's
really good and then you know been in
this industry someone's ghost right oh
you fat cow so and then it's like all
about that time again kids I know but I
miss and it's like it's awful and that
when you first started doing this
honest to god I just wanted you to snot
never do this again because people are
so mean but now you've learned to accept
you set up do your things for what you
want to do wear clothes you like wearing
that you feel comfortable in and a lot
more I also have like stretch marks on
my legs and I used to feel so insecure
about them but now I'm like so I feel so
much better because I still don't have
the most like I'm still not like
amazingly confident in my body but like
even with like my stretch marks on my
legs I got four learn to accept them I
pretty much everyone has stretch marks
and it's not even like I feel like that
comes with life but that's yeah that's
helping my life yeah every Monday night
which I've only just got this year and
oh that's not great I don't like it but
you know it is what it is do whatever
makes you happy and forget about
everybody else it's really easy to say
that but actually it's quite easy to do
as well if you really put your mind to
it it's not that hard
yeah ladies believe in yourself love
yourself love yourself as much she can
I've definitely become more competent in
myself and that's just in like it takes
time no one can just how you to love
yourself I'm just gonna lock yourself
like that it's so much easier to let the
John go Justin said it thank you look at
the next day because I finished my
finish yours as well what shine
marijuana so that is the end of the
video and I really hope you guys did
enjoy this kind of
chatty video you know chillin with mum
was Jenelle my life away don't fit in
our boots yeah I'm so stuff like I could
not wait yeah I try not to but my my
anyway if you guys want to see more
videos like this I'll have any questions
or anything like that please definitely
let me know down in the comments as I
will be replying and yeah don't forget
to take a big thumbs up wanna see more
videos like this as I mentioned the
other one it isn't kind of a man but
it's the same sort of thing if you want
to see that video as well well we spoke
more about guys and stuff and that kind
of topic just click the link down on
them bye thank you so much I'll see you
guys very soon
mwah 5
