hi everyone and welcome back to my
channel today I am back with a whole but
actually and an American whole because I
know that you guys love them and I've
actually been in the States for quite a
while quickly before we get into this
video what do you think of my newer
glasses you prefer these ones or do for
the old ones let me know in the comments
below and in the polls and words on the
screen so can never remember what sign
it is anyways I'm gonna take this off
because I know that they were reflect
let's get in to this video I hope you
guys do enjoy it smash a big thumbs up
if you guys do and subscribe down below
and obviously let me know your favorite
thing in this hall as well without
proper ado let's get into the video so I
actually wore this when I was actually
out in LA I had a so many comments
asking Saffron where did you get this
from this spotty set here I also did
actually wear the Blazer like in a video
I think it looks so cute together comes
with the shorts and then also you have
the bow laser which makes it's so nice
and look so cool on it so you can wear
this with pretty much anything love this
set so much it's from Topshop and I will
leave the link down below the next thing
I got I think you're gonna have noticed
that I'm really obsessed with polka dots
polka dots is kind of a thing I got this
really cute like crop which I thought
was so pretty it has like frills I
actually wore this with like denim
shorts it wasn't you pricey maybe it was
like $10 $12 that's all I think it was
$14 the only annoying thing with Topshop
is in the u.s. it's so much more
expensive obviously because they ship
him from Europe so it may sound lot more
expensive out there I kind of wish that
I bought something stuff out here but I
didn't bring enough stuff to the US I
thought I took this massive case then I
was like I'm gonna have so many clothes
to wear and then each day I was like so
every what you've worn this so I ended
up having to buy a load of clothes but
I'm not complaining one of my favorite
shops in LA that my mom and I actually
discovered the first time that we
visited it's amazing we went in that
second time it just got even better like
a little boutique shop called timeless
and it is just so cute it's on Melrose
and I just wish it as bigger books it's
actually such a small store like it's
probably the size of my bedroom but mom
and I seem to get everything in the
store like it's amazing if I say I want
to show you I'm actually currently
living for like I loves gets obsessed
but we are obsessed with everything so
this is actually the cutest little set
ever it's a cohort and I was kind of
thinking maybe I wears to summer in the
city it might be an option I think it's
so pretty it's this little top here I
think it kind of comes off the shoulders
it kind of sits like dark and lame and
it's so pretty just ties up up the bow
and I just love this pattern so so so
much it kind of reminds me of like what
I used to wear about when I was like
four years old but I just think it's so
cute and then to go with it is it this
skirt and it's like ruffled I don't know
this kind of reminds me of like a
typical American co-op just isn't read
some I would pick up all fine here in
the UK so I just thought this was so
sweet and I thought this would look so
cute like of curly hair hopefully I'll
wear this to sit see I'm not entirely
sure what I'm wearing yet but it's
coming so soon which is so exciting if
you're going to summer in the city
basically it's a big huge convention and
I know a lot of you have been like
choosing your ballots and here you want
to meet and stuff so if you put me down
I'm so excited to meet you it's gonna be
so so so much fun and also the best part
about it is my new merch drops basically
the day that we go to sit see which is
the 11th of August and the 12th of
August when you much also drops there as
well so basically I'm just gonna have
the best weekend ever I'm so excited to
see you guys in the new Mac I'm gonna be
in the March so that's why I kind of was
like debating the outfit so it's like I
really want to wear my merch at the same
time so I don't know you'll find out
anyway it's moving on and they put these
trousers which are bringing forward
actually my friend hairier I saw her a
day off to have these houses on and she
literally didn't even know that I bought
them and I'm really surprised she even
found this shop because it's so small so
I got these are trousers here and
they're so called they're very similar
to the IMG are trousers that everyone is
wearing at the moment but I actually
tried them on and they come up with like
massive sizes so when I tried this pair
on I was like so if you're sure it is
like I am then these are perfect it also
like suck you in they're like proper
like tight they're like stretchy fit in
there really nice and then they're
really baggy but then they also have the
elastic cater to bottoms which is really
cool so they make it look really cool
you know if and then it has like a chain
at the bar then this is also what it's
like at the front as well with this
zipper than the two side sets and then
it was her has a zip at the back so
basically these are really cool really
hard to show because
right long still but yeah they're such
cool trouser I'm excited to wear them
the very last thing are from the shop a
timeless I got were these really cool
shade I actually got them in like a
white pair as well but I want to see I
just went Wireless I was wearing them
all over the weekend and now I have no
idea where I put them but really cool
like cat eye glasses I just love these
at the moment honestly I just love
glasses they're just so quirky and cool
because I think also it makes such a
good Instagram
these are arty a little bit pricey
though I thought there was something
like sixteen dollars but more than what
I would normally spend on glasses cuz
I'm not really one to like spend low
sunglasses but they're really cool and
they look good on Instagram pose so I'm
feeling them I can actually smell this
in the brown paper like this is
unbelievable okay so basically proxy who
I'm sure a lot of you guys know a good
friend of mine she makes me text me
saying hey like if you go to father body
words would you mind pick out this
candle for me as I really want to get it
so I went and got this candle for her
and then I ended up loving it so much
they got that I got it myself we're
ripping this open were opening it smells
absolutely divine
this candle so it's banana split
milkshake not only does it smell like
literally heaven in a bottle it also is
just the best thing on the side that you
guys know one of my favorite colors is
yellow when this is sitting on the side
I'm just like goes with my bedroom so
well it smells amazing what you don't
even need to like a light they're moving
on next candle oh okay campfire donut
everything really everything basically
they just smell like pure sugar but that
is honestly the scent that I love on my
side my favorite part of this haul is
actually these shoes I actually treated
myself for my 18th birthday so it's my
18th in literally two weeks I'm so
excited I actually decided to treat
myself I bought myself something very
special and if you wanna see me unbox
this or buy it whatever you can go and
check that out on my blog I'm sure a lot
of you guys would have seen that already
I feel that she's them she's not allowed
them till she's 18
yeah well
you can play that first two players that
was the point comes up there my fellow
guys if you guys have already seen these
but I feel like they're still worth
shoving again these are the Louie
photonic Hills I don't actually know
what type these up I remember seeing
them in the UK and I was like I want
those so badly and they sold out so when
I saw them in the US I knew that I
wanted to buy myself something special
for my 18th birthday and so I spent my
money on these and honestly I don't
regret it a single bit so life is great
we went to this shop and I have no idea
what it's called but it was a bath JD
that's all I remember
I will find out what it's called I live
on the screen or I pop the logo or
something basically they sold that
really cool like sportswear stuff so I
actually picked up quite a few bit first
of all I picked up this sports bra that
I thought was so cool they actually sold
this in Nordstrom as well obviously you
know that I'm obsessed with polka dots
it's really cool because nothing on this
crop top goes which is what I love about
it so much and then on the back it also
has like palm trees so picked up these a
legging but I got them from the same
shop and I thought they were really cool
they're just black high waisted leggings
my favorite things to wear they're super
stretchy and I love the 3 stars and
actually really reminds me of Jeff on Qi
the next thing is super filthy because I
was on the way back and I was saving it
with this video I'm really I should have
watched it but haven't I got this jumper
and I thought this is so cool because
Hello Kitty and Puma have collaborated
like what is life I got this jump I
thought is really cool it just has the
Hello Kitty in the Puma logo but then on
the back it has a massive version with a
little milk carton and it's just so cute
and I just needed it because it was the
cutest thing ever so I'm gonna wear this
quite a fair bit it's also really comfy
and I got it oversized so I can kind of
wear it like as a jumper dress back to
Topshop I picked up this striped rainbow
band dude then I got some camis pretty
boring but basically just colors I've
never seen before I went to an event and
it was a 90s theme and I actually had
the jacket the match there and I
literally had like two hours to get an
outfit so I saw this guy and I was like
you know what I think this is so cool it
would look so good with the jacket
really funky kind of fit the theme I
mean I didn't really had that long to
get kind of getting out of it together
but let me tell you I've got so many
compliments on this again the only thing
is though is so much more expensive
in the US and it is in the UK like the
jacket of this I remember buying at home
and it was 90 pounds yeah actually in
America it was 260 dollars which breaks
my heart a little bit but this guy
unfortunately I did pay a little bit
more for but it was worth it because I
needed an outfit for that party and I
look really good I also picked up these
little shorts that were by night again
it just really stretchy really comfy I
wore these in the day and to the gym and
then I also picked up these pillows
actually behind me I in love these so
much honestly I saw them and I was like
mom I need to try and get this back to
the US because honestly he had no space
in our suitcase so we had to get like
you know those bars that like squash
them down and I managed to get these
home and they will be featuring in my
videos and they are from their Bath and
Beyond which is my favorite shop ever
why don't we have it in the UK I do not
know this is what the other one looks
like it's pretty much the same thing but
love this and of course I picked up some
my makeup favorite so I got my two paper
Anastasio glosses one in the shade of
butterscotch and one in the shade toffee
honestly the best thing ever
I'm wearing toffee on my lip right now
and then I got this planet by Marc
Jacobs this actually isn't the new one
because I thought I had like and use
more pan than I had but I got a backup
one because you can't get this in the UK
so basically I got a new version of this
which I'm so happy about
Topshop hit up there's a body suit so I
think again you can actually get this in
the UK this is actually a swimsuit but I
actually wore this on like a shoot thing
that I went to and it looked really cool
and I would wear this to like a festival
and then I think this might actually be
the last thing that I got from Topshop
because I know I went kind of Topshop
crazy I picked up these shots that
actually really remind me I don't know
if you've ever seen Jane the Virgin
butter my mum was her name blonde hair
come on come to me if someone gave a
piece in it yeah it's not Patricia so as
you can tell mum Petra okay
Petra Petra her name so if you bought
Jane the Virgin don't these remind you
of Petra likely to achieve this is
something she would a hundred percent
where if she
worn these yet she definitely will be if
you don't watch a in the version a
hundred percent recommend I believe
minute love that series then I picked up
this jump ad that I actually got from
H&M and I thought this was so cool and I
have a feeling a lot of you are actually
really gonna like this so it's a really
nice color it's actually lavender and I
just thought this would be really cool
again as like a jumper dress kind of
thing like I've got a hundred percent
imagine like ariana wearing something
like this with like you know along me
black high boots or something like that
hey so you know I actually showed you
that black and Marc Jacobs thing that I
got by got a new version well it also
got this and I've used so much of it
already because I love that black ones
so much I picked up this one which is
pretty much just the white version just
the bronzer version it's a different
kind of bronzer and it smells amazing
like honestly it smells like you can eat
this I've used quite a fair bit so yeah
well both of these to go Corina and so
there it is that there is my American
haul you know I actually picked up a
little bit more than I thought I did
don't you realize how much stuff I got
and I still feel like I missed out quite
a fair bit as well be honest I was out
there for like a month so that is
actually why I bought quite a bit and I
think that's why I thought I hadn't got
that much is because I was there for
such a long time let me know down below
your favorite item that I actually hold
today I really hope you guys did enjoy
smash my big thumbs up if you guys did
subscribe down below and last but not
least if you wanna go and check on my la
vlogs pretty much want I would say every
single day whilst I was out there it's
definitely going check those out I'll
leave them down below and I'll see you
guys very soon Wow
bye
