hello you lovely people welcome back to
my channel and now today's video how am
I only just seen this I do not know but
I ended up watching one and then you
know YouTube I ended up watching a
thousand basically today I'm doing it
the wet makeup brush challenge I'm
really excited about I think it was
Michael Finch that actually started this
obviously I'll leave his down below I
don't you know this seemed so much fun I
think it's gonna be kind of easy I mean
fingers cross it is because I use a
Beauty Blender pretty much for every
single step of my makeup routine I mean
I don't even really bother using brushes
apart from really on my eyes maybe for
contour sometimes I'm pretty much every
single day when I do my makeup i damp
this and actually I pretty much soak it
but then I like to wring it out so I
don't think this is gonna be much
different it might be different on a
brush though because I've never wet
brush before obviously the Beauty
Blender it expands and it makes your
makeup go on so much better then if it
was dry I'm hoping kind of the same
thing happens I don't know if it will
but it'd be great if it did so I'm
really excited to get this a go and I
thought today I'm actually not gonna use
my Beauty Blender at all cuz I kind of
feel like it's cheating I feel like
you're kind of like supposed to wear a
Beauty Blender now like everyone does so
I'm just gonna use brushes I'm gonna wet
them I've got a cup of water and I know
a lot of people like wearing it out so I
guess I'll bring it out a tiny bit but I
want to take this a challenge to an
extreme so I want to keep them pretty
wet and I've got a bunch of brushes that
is so clean who makes my heart so happy
so I'm really excited but I hope you
guys do enjoy the video if you guys
enjoy this video don't forget to hit a
big thumbs up I'm really quickly before
we get into this video I know it's so
annoying like honestly I'm so upset with
YouTube so basically it doesn't exactly
mean much if you just subscribe in our
days because even if you subscribe it
doesn't definitely mean that you're
actually gonna see everyone that you
subscribe to in your subscription box so
basically you have to click this
velvet's someone on the screen now as
well because otherwise you just won't be
seeing their videos so please be pleased
that go and hit the bell as well as
subscribing I hope you guys enjoy and
let's get into the video
for my foundation and this is one that I
pretty much use every single day this is
the
NARS sheer glow and I love this and this
is in the shade medium too right so I've
got my big cup of water and I'm gonna
mix oh my goodness Wow so I just like to
drain it off but you can see it's so wet
so I'm using a stippling brush because I
feel like this is gonna be the best way
to kind of my blend in at the foundation
and then let's just go with it right oh
gosh it's very cold it actually feels
really refreshing
right so let's start blending I don't
know if it's just because I have a use
of brush and so long but this feels
really weird and she feels kind of nice
because it feels like so refreshing on
my skin however actually it makes the
foundation feel quite sticky but it's
actually look he's actually not even
going on that bad well I mean so far
don't want to jinx anything but I
wouldn't actually mind having to wet my
foundation brush however I do feel like
it would be better if I did wet it like
this but here particularly in my t-zone
where it's a bit more oily it doesn't
feel like it I don't know it kind of
just feels like it's smearing a little
bit
I start blending I actually saw like it
actually was kind of nice the only thing
is normally this fundation is actually
it feels a little bit heavier on my skin
we'll just thousand Li what I like
because I kind of prefer like more of a
fuller coverage however I felt like
because it's kind of been mixed with the
water it's a little bit lighter on my
skin so I'm gonna go for a second layer
so we're gonna come in again drench this
brush I put like this water is gonna
look disgusting by the end of this video
oh gosh actually this time the brush is
so wet she thought it was really gross
like a big dripping down my face yeah
the second layer now I feel like it's
more like smearing so I'm kind of having
to like dump it on rather than like kind
of blend it in this is actually getting
really hard now no it is actually
literally I feel like I have been
drenched now my my face book so wet
stage number two why did I jump up four
fingers I do not know but we are gonna
go in with the collection and the
lasting perfection the lemon love this
concealer I mean I actually blend this
with a Beauty Blender I feel like it's
the best and easiest thing to burn so
let's see if it's the same thing with a
wet makeup brush gonna say little
triangle but it's not really that little
messed this up okay and there we go what
brush two people use for concealers cuz
everyone I know nowadays is using Beauty
blenders this brush it says conceal
brush so I guess I'm gonna use this
let's mix it oh this is so wet
this is still dripping this is gonna be
disgusting I feel like the more layers I
add the heart of this is actually giving
it gas at the moment I still feel like
it looks okay like I would happily go
out like this but after the next couple
of stages I'm not too sure it's gonna
have quite at the same oh wow can you
see that it's actually dripping there's
so much
so much water on my face I've definitely
done worse
makeup challenges I found harder than
this not blending as well as a Beauty
Blender would and also I've got water
dripping all down my face at the same
time still feel like it's not lending
that bad just like dabbing it rather
then maybe I'll try it this like dab in
like I am and then this I don't actually
blend it and see what happened kind of
rub it in circular motions I mean it
doesn't feel
nice I mean it's not taking as much off
as I thought it would
oh good cut cut Daffy for smearing it
off a little bit I don't know if you can
see on my neck or not up close you can
actually see the foundation is through
it from the water so that that's kind of
gross right we're moving on we are going
with the clinic and show me ciinic one
of my faves blow them in love this but I
do actually use a brush for this so I
don't use it what and I feel like this
could actually be the hardest part I
don't baby this is gonna blend that well
we contour on the cheekbone then we do
some on the jaw line and then we go for
the forehead I thought like this is just
gonna drip everywhere but it might again
it might prove me wrong this is like
totally off topic because I'm not using
these brushes right now but how cute
these brushes and no they're not
sponsored they are just the best thing
ever
they are by I think they're from I'm
pretty sure that you know Conchas met
yeah I think they are the unicorn
cosmetics they are the best thing ever
they are shaped like mermaids like I
actually just want to use these brushes
because they are so cute but I don't
have a contour one actually but I think
I use maybe one of these for my blush or
my highlight because that's so cute
my fall let me know if you want some mo
brushes
everyone wants a mermaid brush right
here we go look at gotta much into
renting this one if I was to bring this
out hang on this is what it would be
like hang on oh this give me a possible
hang on
laughs Eddie I passed him that was so
much water but we're not doing that
because we're taking it to an extreme
you need like quite a fair bit of
blending like I go I got in my come what
proper blending this but I feel like
because it's were it's just really gonna
smear it actually it's really dripping
about this is so wet this brush right
now but what I would do is oh my god
is spraying water everywhere I mean I
mean there's no harsh lines but it just
looks like it's all disappeared on to
the brush pretty much this is just
taking it all off I think maybe I have
maybe I should bring out the water but I
don't know let it's kind of like it's
derived it all up now you can't even
bring it
like cool squats let's talk my forehead
and if not the maybe would have to use
powder because like honestly it's just
taking all the foundation off that I was
really proud of I'm just really nervous
about doing paddocks I don't feel like
it's only gonna like ruin the brush but
it's also gonna ruin the powder but what
we're going for it so I'm using this
Marc Jacobs powder just because the only
one in my hand right now
Oh see look I knew it - that look this
makes me so sad yes you know this is
better huh oh my gosh Wow it's going on
dark trying to dab some on my forehead I
mean this goes on but it's still kind of
doing the same thing look I thought this
is gonna be such a good look I'm not too
sure I mean this is better I mean at
least it looks like there's some prawns
on my face doesn't look like I can blend
in makeup
pretty much put this bronzer everywhere
that I would you should become on tour
and I blended as much as I would usually
contour maybe even a little bit more I
don't know does it look awful I mean I
just don't think it looks that bad I
mean I wouldn't want to go out like this
at this point I'm like okay I don't want
to go off my makeup like this because
they drew it look at that it'll not very
good are you just my face feel like wet
right now but actually so does my whole
body because every time I move the leg
watch it was like squirting awful like
fanning like spraying water all over me
I'm moving on to blush and I'm using it
the brush that I'm just so excited about
somebody use my arm my mouth my brush
just cutest thing ever and I need to use
this watch this oh okay that wasn't
wasn't as cool as the thought was gonna
be am I gonna go in with this blush I
hope that it still picks up the color ah
I mean Ashley yeah was kind of Oh looks
like a good girl oh I just kind of like
this look it's like oh god good
highlight I mean actually that's pretty
pink so I'm going to use this because I
know that a lot of you would know that
I've really been raving about it it's
anyway this is like one pound maybe two
this shimmer highlight powder in the
shade pink shimmer and it's so pretty
and I feel like with the blush oh hang
on I didn't want it with the blush it's
gonna look so good it looks alright it
just kind of looks kind of shiny I feel
like that festival or something this
would look quite cute um but every day
but every day today it looks a little
bit too shiny so don't think looks are
bad though so for brows I've got
actually everyone that asked me like
what I do for my brows and I go I've got
my powder from so currently I actually
use a brow powder from the eye part
which is basically a place where I live
in Brighton basically the one who does
my eyebrow has to cut own like though
I'm a company but I think you can get it
online but it's really good but yeah any
saw brow powder I guess would be the
same thing so I guess I don't know if
people do this but even to brush my
brows I'm gonna dip it in the cup and if
I dump the other side whilst matte it
both sides are don't really work and I
actually hate like using like brow gel
and stuff because I feel like it
sets them too much interface at my like
browse for brief stiff but water I feel
like it will brush into place quite
nicely without making them feel really
like stiff so actually I I don't mind
this step too much to be honest
so is definitely harder to clean up your
mistakes this way and to be honest I
definitely make a lot
what I try and clean it up it just ends
up smudging because obviously the water
and also the very dark oh my gosh this
is so hard you don't know when you were
little and you would have those books
where like you wouldn't even like paint
you were just like splatter water and it
just like go a color like it's kind of
like the same thing like painting by
numbers I feel it actually the more I
try and blend this the worse it's gonna
look because it's just really gonna
Schmeer Schmeer Schmeer it's me I mean
it's kind of like my water it the edges
are kind of chatted to like as they fade
it out wanna see this is just happened
by luck but I actually don't even want
to do anymore because I feel like the
more I do the what it actually is gonna
look nothing's gonna come off like the
rest of the makeup the more you try and
blend it they've just the more it's
gonna expanding debt well it's not gonna
be on my eyes by the end of this they
don't do a tiny bit under my eyes I put
a little bit mascara as I usually would
so my last step is my gloss and this is
gonna be my favorite step because it's
just like normal and I'm gonna put this
on my lips and hopefully should make
that they makeup look a little bit
better right everyone so if there is a
my full face my usual makeup routine
using what makeup brushes this water
actually isn't as dirty as I thought it
was gonna be but I think is because my
brushes were so clear first
I mean tupiza I don't think it looks
that bad I mean I would not want to go
out and this a first idea mine I was
like yeah maybe I'll gotten this so as
we hit the eyes I was like not a chance
I feel like a loose with my makeup
routine but just a smudge diversion like
as you can see I'm dripping down here
kind of this I've been punched in the
eye it looks like I've been kid and I'm
playing with like water paint colors
I'll let my eyelid my eyes do look black
and they don't look great the rest of it
like the foundation itself doesn't look
that bad I feel like it would maybe look
worse in real life no it's right now
it's not that bad but I feel like maybe
it's quite thick I mean yeah let me know
your thoughts down in the comments below
and if you've ever tried this challenge
also definitely let me know and down in
the comments let me know down in the
comments below if you think that you do
a better
job using wet makeup brushes when doing
your normal makeup routine then I did
and or afore ye side you done quite a
good job I mean I don't think I did that
bad anyways I really hope you guys did
enjoy it don't forget to hit a big
thumbs up if you guys did and subscribe
down below and hit that Bell there's
summer on the screen right now and last
but not least what was it gonna say I
really don't remember so I hope you guys
enjoyed and I'm gonna leave it there and
I love you all and I'll see you guys
very soon Wow
bye
