everyone welcome back to my channel now
as you can see I'm back home I miss my
bedroom so much basically we've been
following the vlogs you would know that
I've actually been in LA for quite a
while so it's actually pretty nice to be
back home I actually got back maybe a
couple of hours ago and I'm honestly
trying to fight the jetlag I'm so tired
so that's why I decided to film this
video because I thought that's the only
thing that was really gonna keep me
awake and plus I really just want to
talk about all my favorite products I'm
just loving at the moment by actually
not even just products I'm loving at the
moment what I said I bought and I just
have loads of different opinions about
the basically YouTube have recommended
me to buy I've got my diet coke trying
to keep me up here so I really hope you
guys do enjoy this is not a diet coke I
just making that clip anyways I really
hope you guys do enjoy the video don't
forget to hit a big thumbs up if you
guys do and subscribe down below and
also let me know down in the comments if
YouTube has made you buy any of these
products before or if you've ever bought
a product that you absolutely loves that
a youtuber has recommended you to buy
anyway it's not forever I do I hope you
guys enjoy and let's get into the video
you could just excuse how dirty this is
ah it's quite a messy foundation because
it's one of the ones we like you twist
up so basically this is the instant age
rewind by Maybelline and I absolutely
love their concealer of this like it's
one of my favorite Casias ever when I
saw this foundation and I saw everybody
using yet I was like oh my goodness like
I seriously need to go and get that and
I thought it was only out in the US but
someone told me that you can actually
get it in the UK now I don't know if
that's true but when I went to the
States
I actually picked this up and I decided
to give it a go honestly I'm not a huge
fan I don't hate it
at all like it's okay but I wouldn't use
their over my foundation that I'm using
every single day just because it wasn't
enough coverage for me however the one
thing I would say is it's so easy to use
it's so nice to apply like I know my mom
would love wearing this because she just
likes to just whack a foundation on and
walk out the house you don't want to go
the blending stuff it's just really
really really easy it's exactly like the
concealer I know a lot of people have
tried the concealer
I've raved about it a lot but it's just
not the highest cover
and it felt like it comes off quite
quickly but that's just what happened
when I try to use it I've actually tried
to use it a couple of times and I've
kind of just had the same problem so
overall I mean it was recommended by
many of youtubers I bought it I tried it
and it just it wasn't really for me
right let's talk about the iconic set
and Glo spray these are beautiful these
are basically magic in a bottle these
remind me of summer because they smell
amazing and I have been wearing them
throughout my summer that I feel like
this is gonna cut up in my memory you
know when you go on holiday and you put
on like some lotion and you have that
smell like every time you like smell it
again you're like oh my goodness it
reminds me of summer this is basically
these sprays because they smell amazing
and I'm actually so excited because a
lot of you would know if you follow my
blogs and stuff that I absolutely love I
collect that's a brand so I'm actually
working with them currently and when
they're just like when they asked me to
work with him I was like so excited I
was so chuffed yes as I already
mentioned these are the practice setting
glow sprays obviously I have both shades
right now and you can actually use these
on any skin tone for your face and for
your body so basically they're kind of
like I mean they're a little bit shaken
up because I've used them today already
but basically they go like completely
clear and then you shake them and the
magic happen you can see how much they
shine and the shimmer they're so pretty
and pretty much what they look like in
the bottle is what it looks like in your
skin makes you glow you know so I love
these so pretty much you can use these
of whenever now I do use these to set my
makeup but obviously only to set my
makeup to kind of finish off my makeup
to give that it should glow and my
obviously apply this to my face and I
apply it to my body but then also if I'm
actually you don't wearing makeup on I
felt a bit like you know a bit now but I
want to go out and I just want to not
put on a full face of makeup then I
would also use these for that reason as
well and again I put it all over my body
because it looks really really really
pretty so how'd you know which one I'm
going to use this one here I'm glue use
the darker one to basically spray all
over my body just give me that extra
glow and I'm a face hang on here we go
it smells amazing I shouldn't be talking
about spraying this because I'm gonna
get in my mouth but honestly I feel like
I could spray for days because it just
smells so good and I really might
actually love
product is the fact that it is actually
makeup related but it's still actually
good for your skin so it does actually
give you that healthy cologne that
everyone wants and still make sure their
chameleon dollars so it's smelling good
and pretty much it takes every single
box so I believe these are 18 pound 50
I'll leave the links down below if you
want to go and check them out and I also
do actually have a discount code for 20%
off so I will leave it on the screen
it's stuff 120 I believe but only last I
think 7 days and so if you want to use
the code obviously use it quick and you
guys know that I genuinely do use these
all the time because I do use them in my
floss as I mentioned I've actually been
away and a new palette actually launched
when I was in LA and I've seen so many
of my YouTube friends rave about this
and the colors are just beautiful so
like my first thing to do when I get
back was to actually go out and buy this
palette however I was actually so lucky
because Urban Tate actually sent me this
so I was like oh my goodness dreams
really do come true this is the Born to
Run I shadow palette the packaging is so
cool as well it's just so different and
I just love everything about it so this
is what the palette looks like so at
first I was like already so excited
because I was like okay like the
packaging like it looks so good the
eyeshadows they best live up to my
expectations and they do this is the
palette I don't know if you guys have
ever seen it before because as I said it
is actually quite new but I absolutely
love it they have so many shimmers in
here that are so pigmented and matte
colors are so pigmented I pretty much
would use every single color in this
palette and maybe wouldn't use the green
so much but these are kind of all the
colors that I would use I don't really
go outside of my comfort zone I kind of
used kind of more warm tones like Browns
and then if I'm like a Ventura now it
would be more like a pinky kind of
orange color so that's basically what
this palette consists of you still have
like a black in there and the shimmers
are just amazing another thing that
makes me love is padding even more is
the fact that it does actually have a
mirror so basically this palette
definitely gets a big thumbs-up from me
so actually have quite a lot of
highlight products
I know I've kind of spoken a little bit
about some already however here's some
other highlights I actually have been
recommended and I really enjoy enjoy mm
not enjoy really like so we're gonna
start with the MUA shimmer this is a
shimmer highlight powder in the shade
pink shimmer this is actually a pretty
affordable product and because it was
like really cheap I didn't it what I
mean I don't want to say I didn't expect
it to be that good because I never would
expect it not to be as good but I just
kind of put like I don't know if it
could be as good as though why do people
like bother using other highlights if
this is so good this is actually amazing
honestly amazing I love this so much
it's really nice as well this is
something what it looks like because
it's like a really buildable which is
really good you can kind of see it on my
hand it's such a pretty highlight I feel
like I can put this over like any liquid
and stuff and it goes on fine it also
like the fact that it is actually more
like a pink shimmer because usually when
I put more like a pinky highlight on my
skin it doesn't it doesn't really look
that good on me I prefer using off like
a whitish highlight but this just looks
amazing and I feel like this would look
amazing pretty much every skin color and
they do actually do a lot of other
shades too but this is the only one that
I've tried this is one that I would a
thousand percent recommend is lost in
the ages and if but I did just get this
because youtubers recommended it to me I
got it because I can remember what video
it was maybe it was a mom where I
actually asked public to buy my makeup
for me I think so yeah and someone
actually chose this for me so thanks to
you as well because so many who are
afraid about this and now I know why
scara's so all of these is actually
recommended to me and I am NOT like a
Maybelline and benefit are the best and
I will not go back on that when it comes
to mascara I think they both I just
opted they're killing the game I pretty
much love every single Maybelline
mascara I mean they're so me so I
haven't tried them all every single
Maybelline mascara I've tried absolutely
love and pretty much the same with
benefit so the three that I actually
bought because YouTube recommended to me
the first one being at the May
allene the colossal Big Shot volume
express mascara and I love it so much I
love the packaging as well because it
really stands out and it's like quite a
big wand which is really nice because I
prefer when it's bigger it's easier to
apply I actually got this before I first
started YouTube so I bought this because
loads of youtubers were like talking
about it and I had an aunt she started
YouTube myself and this is one of the
fastest cars I ever use obviously it's a
drugstore mascara so it's a lot more
affordable with my bucket money I saved
up when I bought this and it's one of
the best in silver ball as I've kind of
got better at using makeup and stuff and
got more into makeup I've also been
using it the benefit the scorer's again
they are just I'm so the true that
YouTube recommended me was the they are
real this one here and then also the bad
go bang so I love both of these again
over a hundred percent recommend
obviously they're more pricey than the
maybelline one so they also last a
bloomin long time I feel like a lot of
you would have heard about this mascara
because I know this is one like a ton of
awards and for being like the best
mascara ever pretty much and at the time
it was my favorite mascara but now
they've launched their bad girl bang
mascara and I kind of didn't want to
like it only because benefit was like go
on going on about this new product and I
just hadn't I wasn't expecting it to be
a mascara kind of wanted it to be a
highlight or something and they came of
mascara and I was like I don't know if
they're gonna top this one though like I
wasn't that excited about it but let me
tell you now this is amazing
like amazing my lashes are like double
the length when I use this one sealers
my favorite part of my makeup routine is
concealer and that's pretty much because
a full like very own the best concealer
so I to this to that I want to talk
about and I want to talk about them
quite quickly because I feel like if you
follow my blogs and stuff you all hear
me raving about these all the time that
you probably like yeah it's a fun we've
had it weather so
quickly top shape tape is absolutely
everything this is a dream it's kind of
one of those things you have to kind of
use it to believe it
you might just be thinking oh it's just
a concealer but it's not but it is but
it's like it's not it's amazing it's so
so so good it's quite high it's quite
full coverage which is personally what I
love but it's so easy to blend and it's
so creamy and there's just there's just
nothing I would complain about there's
nothing bad I can say about this pretty
much it's so nice that the applicator is
actually really thick as well so it's so
easy to put on the other concealer that
I also do absolutely love and again you
want to heard me and talk about this a
lot is the collection lasting perfection
again obviously YouTube maybe buy both
of these products actually Anna made me
buy this product and this I bought
because loads of other youtubers just
what everyone there's such a big fuss
about this this is also so so so good
you always have sales on with collection
as well which is just great three for
the price of two pretty much this is the
same thing it's really creamy there's
nothing really bad I would say about it
the only reason I would use Tarte shape
tape over this is because of the fact
that the brush is a lot bigger that it's
just so easy to apply and just like work
on your face either of these I would a
thousand percent recommend
oh really quickly I can't find my great
concealer but I imagine it's quite
similar to this one the collection
concealers they have at those different
colors the green one is actually amazing
for cancelling out the red it's the same
thing it's like really creamy so the
exact same formula as this one here so I
imagine this bluey purpley one would be
the same I can't find my green one but I
thought I would let you guys know that
this product here is another one that's
really raved about everyone was making
YouTube videos on the whole Fenty beauty
collection and I tried a few of her
products and I love like I love her
foundation and this looked like at first
I was like oh this is really cute like
whatever I like it
now I've come to use it more I'm kind of
thinking why don't I spend this much
money in a highlight I would way rather
go buy this for like a pound then buy
this for something like 20 pounds and
it's just nowhere near as Pickman
it I mean this is nice if you like one
of a subtle highlight but for me
personally I prefer it when it's a bit
more wild factor and you can kind of
build up quite a bit I mean it's pretty
but I just I wouldn't go out and buy it
again just because I just wanted to know
out of interest how much it actually was
it's $34 it says $33 cheaper so I mean
this one looks a lot better and you know
your makeup bag the package it is so
nice and this one doesn't obviously look
as cute but it's like would you prefer
product or packaging I would go for the
product so I'm on my last few items and
South has absolutely killed it with her
revolution pallets I use her highlight
palette all the time I think it's
absolutely amazing and it's same with
this eyeshadow palette only recently
just started using this not too much I
haven't I felt like I haven't used it
enough yet but this is also another
amazing palette that I again would
recommend there's so many really cool
funky colors in there as well as you
still kind of got your neutrals I mean
the separates and colors that I wouldn't
wear like I wouldn't wear this purple or
this green but it's nice to have the
option you know in case I'm feeling
adventurous basically the colors are so
pigmented it's the same thing and it's a
pretty affordable palette as well
you've got how many shades is it 24
shades like that's pretty good and
you've got Sheamus again you've got
Matt's again and so this is another
palette that I again would recommend
especially for the money as well the
last up we've got my very favorite
glasses by Anastasio Bethany Hales
I never actually would have tried
Anastacio if it wasn't for youtube it's
not like actually a brand that we have
in the UK and it's a little bit more
pricey so I feel like I know what I
tried it people hadn't raved about it
but I am so glad that they did because
these are amazing and I wear them every
single day and my favorite colors in
case you're wondering but I have in my
hand right now is amber and undressed
and I also love butterscotch too so
there is the end of the vid
and I really hope you guys that did
endure it obviously you never know down
in the comments as I said in the intro
of this video if there's been any
products you absolutely love the
youtubers have recommended you on that
even products that you didn't like and
let me know if you've tried any of the
products that I actually mentioned today
and your opinions on them because I mean
I'm quite interested to know what you
guys actually think of these products
I'll be replying to the comments down
below so don't forget to leave a comment
and smash a big thumbs up on this video
and obviously I did mention that I
actually did have a 20% off code for
iconic so if you want to go and check
that out I leave that down below with
all the other details for that and I'll
try Neath the M links and stuff down
below for the makeup I used as well so I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and
hopefully I see you very soon bye
