it's my channel now today's video is
actually a little bit different as you
guys can see I'm drawing my usual
backdrop I'm actually in LA to following
the vlogs then you would definitely know
that and today's video is actually kind
of more like a vlog style video because
today's video is actually collaboration
of where the Tampax pearl I went to Six
Flags yes so my family so I'm in LA with
my mom my dad and my brother and we had
the most amazing time honestly if you've
ever been to Six Flags let me know down
in the comments because it's amazing I'm
just like I love amusement parks and
stuff so I just yeah it was so good
so anyways tampers Powell has sponsored
this video and I decided to put tanpopo
to the test
so obviously before I went on the trip I
actually packed my essentials in this
bag this is actually one of my favorite
bags I own I kind of keep it that much
inside though but I can fit all of my
favorite key things that I need to take
with me so let's take a look of what's
inside of my bags so first of all we
have my very dirty Beauty Blender to see
you know I can touch up my makeup
throughout the day and then obviously I
have my tamper spell in my bag and these
are really great because the package is
really durable
you know like other alternatives where
you know you end up having like half
tampon like opening your bags which is
really gross so that's just not gonna
happen with these and then I've got my
glasses
honestly just because I can't see a
thing of what I wear them so I need to
take these everywhere with me
and then Oh obviously we have my very
famous lip glosses and then what else
have we gone we have my phone and then
obviously I put my camera with me but
I'm filming on that right now
just in case any of you guys haven't
actually used Tampax power before they
also have a foam fit technology which
means basically it's more comfortable
and not only that the leak operated
tampon it basically means that you're
not gonna have any leaks and any
spillage or like any awkward moments
basically which is great so I'm for your
back there guys
everything I wanted to mention about
Tampax pearl I want to thank them for
sponsoring this video I'm really excited
I'm excited to put them to the test
so I hope you guys enjoy the rest of the
video don't forget to smash a big thumbs
up if you guys do and subscribe down
below and let's get into it here we go
so we have arrived at Six Flags we've
got our tickets in our hands I was so
excited however we don't know what's
happening with the weather today it's
disgusting I'm here literally yeah I
mean I've got a massive early on why are
you shivering
how are you doing yeah woman I we
thought we play safe yeah it's so windy
it's so good I feel like we're home but
this might be one of the large strides
in the world so we're very excited this
is gonna be like the best day ever
because honestly brides are my favorite
thing in the entire world and
considering is the one of the biggest I
mean oh we're gonna have the best time
we just wanted to the park and I thought
I lost data that makes mini I've
realized is queuing to me some sort of
funny what are you doing
go on dad
live your moment how embarrassing amor
you are now was I amazing so right now
what's the bad forever going on there's
like so many rights here I don't know
we're going on Cariah
the liar Goliath Goliath is that did I
say all right at the although this the
best wiper going on it looks like ass by
25,000 corkscrews imagine looks so big
I'm so excited
and much is so surprised you're coming
and all of these just on I thought
there's one right mom won't go on but
we're gonna try and convince her but
right no this is from right no I know no
one's heard of Goliath whopper mom
waiting in the car you suffer on how
nervous are you
that was so good Thomas Midgley
terrified
and now we're gonna go on I think mom's
not gonna go on Gary it's right here but
I don't know what is cool actually
bro rats gonna drop down no drop doom
and that's this one here and it looks
amazing this is the one that mum won't
go or when is there a long way up
I'm gonna do everything in the entire
world which is basically like all the
games he prefers them to actually go get
basketball and scene isn't that so drawn
there is no why all these special
amazing Oh God
come on guys Jeff what you win you don't
want anything out of it
Oh ain't you good at so you defend your
like will the game stop what I'm about
some exposure
all you have to do is they like
completely throws your window so I think
it's gonna be hard
can't be gonna get
dad would you win Superman opening up
also wearing it the whole day
go on good evenings gonna win mom you
have you have a bath
no no no but who do you think would win
between the two of them either dad -
right private party Oh Jesse mum's on
dad
team come on dad you got there Oh none
of them are doing it oh my goodness none
of them have got one how is it all
smashing okay leave my foot on bridges
so good at these games for now
apparently getting on the fastest man
alive
flash here we go
so look good with an AK yeah I just know
cries like that we are like you know
your fee like dangle it was so much fun
I've managed to convince everyone's to
the photo booth so we're all gonna try
and get in one and take you together oh
why is just me Jed all week has been
wanting to talk to you or people wanting
Jed we thought why don't better do it
then do it here at Six Flags I think I'm
actually gonna get one as well he's a
really really pretty one they look so
cool it's really dying what we want to
make basically we thought Fanta why not
right
as they're just gonna be temporary
tattoos mum's gonna get what are you
going to get just gonna get done for you
get again no why are you gonna get like
eight guys dancers a week again no why
is he gonna get eyes on the backwards I
know I'm gonna get a con mucho I came
all my time let's actually do it
let's do it come on we'll be so funny
judges getting B's on his knees are you
feeling is it painful get a tattoo
everyone's out and jets here
with B's on his knees oh I don't think
he realizes how long this laughs Jenny
you glad because this that came with you
to get your fuzz of it at a I'm gonna
sorry I actually would have got mine but
I felt bad other people buy wigs have my
time there's looks so good we're going
into coaster candy unbelievable what are
they just toffee I don't know I guess so
it is caramel apples
they look amazing this is so bad I've
never cream so hard in my life on this
he's put it on again what are you doing
do you join me the fire you dad what why
is he so obsessed with leaf are all are
so weird
we are exhausted we are about to leave
the park we're so try the boys have just
been painting the art cable we just got
out the loo I just bought it
yes let's finally come out it just goes
to show that even if you have in a
period you can still do whatever you
want to do socially Bank today there was
a day at Six Flags and it was so much
fun it was really cool as well because
bogging on this channel would kind of
made it for like you guys kind of
experiencing the day with me so if you
did enjoyed this video then you
definitely went into a my book channel
and just definitely go and check that
out I link it down below I just want to
thank Tampax pearl again if it actually
collaborating with me on this video and
do you know what it was actually so good
because as I said I wanted to put them
to the test and I did and the whole day
like I felt so comfortable I didn't have
to worry about my period which is great
I didn't have to worry about leaking of
anything like that didn't even cross my
mind so thank you so so much
I leave also selling stuff down below I
really hope you guys enjoyed and I hope
guys see you all very soon bye
