hi everyone and welcome back to my
channel again I'm joined my parents so
it feels like forever and go they were
done one of these videos and I think it
was anyway so you guys remember posting
more videos like this don't you enjoy
them so I've done more videos like this
where mom versus dad basically go face
to face and they have to choose me the
best outfit they can whether this is on
a budget whether it's in a particular
store today we decided to do a charity
thrift store version we have done this
before
however we're doing it for prom yeah
I've been stitched out yeah but you know
the church shops out I won't even I went
in to little shops I'm normally very
confident on little ways but well I'm a
it might be closest I've got you into
custody now shops in Brighton and some
of them are really good so I think it's
not actually gonna be that hard
I've never seen no really nice clothes
in there but do you have any prompt
stuff in this okay it might be amazing
progress there's my exercise and some
really nice shoes over oh yes look at oh
my god they're like a size three I think
sometimes I it's like I can see now my
shoes so the charity shops they have
like amazing I've been hitched up as
well but it's again the same thing is
that one size anyways I really hope you
guys do enjoy this and if you're going
to prom this year then let me know down
in the comments below because I'm
intrigued and I miss my prom so much
anyways I really hope you guys do enjoy
really quickly last thing before we get
into it YouTube have kind of changed the
thing where you don't actually see
videos in a subscription boxes at all
now unless you kick the bow so subscribe
and without further ado let's get into
the video
what so I want to go fast I mean mom
said you go first
okay right let's get cracking I've
actually parked right outside this
charity shop here
and actually without even going in I can
see already that there are progress in
the windows that I'm hoping it's going
to be first shot lucky did not working
towards no as I as planned but there's
another one just on here and I am
begging that this one is better
I really do not want to spend my whole
day go the nacho shop
oh yes I have found loads of prom
dresses I am in heaven right now and I
think the most expensive white wall it's
30 pounds but you know it's good this is
good okay that definitely was in heaven
basically there's loads of money shots
not 50 no shoes makeup is on relatively
safe
crying
me
I think about is my favorite charity or
arches country house which of them
something that we've always supported a
bike so consider it
completely charity shop town I managed
to get some shoes and another one but
I've just got a back to go and I have
been in a hundred thousand shops I'm so
over it now so as you would have seen I
went too low I was a child he shopped
out and had to say I am gonna go to
charity shops more often from now on cuz
I got some cool but not necessarily well
that's a nice comes up with whatever
this is gonna figure out oh no okay just
fit in high when I'm getting to like
three different shops at the end so
we're gonna start at the back it wasn't
there was a dress but it is really nice
it's a lot money but then yeah so I
thought you know actually runs I love my
prom dress a little bit I know I had a
different color but it's quite similar
or anything like a prom dress well I
don't know but it looks like one that I
was worth anyways anyway like it so
that's quite good that's my promise and
although I do think it'll be waiting on
so I try to find like really really high
heels and but no.9 your thighs but I
have to get oh no we've got a baby
nothing that I would normally wear no
quite a ways I mean they're not really
how I would normally say they are
absolutely so Moody
- so much better
no they do they're a nice color I like
this bag me well 82 pounds
never send a damn it that 82 pounds at a
time not because five pounds this little
bracelet Scott keep looking i wings in
about nine different shops so while
looking around in Oxfam charity shop at
the way we found eight Western right now
you two colors look at these colors
everywhere like a bloody rainbow but a
lot prom dresses
but I'm gonna get one you wanna beta
number one I'm gonna get there
found some well no stresses but I don't
know what prom is and what I have and
look at that that is the nuts look how
colorful days is it prom
I'm not sure and one native announced
that way
now go get a bag and shoes
right just been amongst Pam got a dress
just in another charity shop over the
road called shelter gonna give that a go
now
just came out charity shops got me
outfits and not what I expected
but I think on there
now Georgey winning quite a few shops as
well island energy levels Oxfam Oh
actually no it's like quickly dress I
make you know I actually like that I
wouldn't like personally choose it but
at the same time I don't dislike it I
wouldn't wear it myself it's not it's
not a prom dress is it but it's what you
my kid compare my bleep up the
accessories in the bag of me when we go
down shoes properly but yours a big
stride don't you think but the thing is
you paid that you're a human they didn't
have any other size in there
like a sign we started off with the
better ones and we're working our way
down at least ours bikinis not doing
very good I like the dress utterly
this ain't bad no I actually quite like
the final
this one here yeah I like the dress a
dad and I think it might fit me as well
which is good Sydney wasn't with me and
you probably want my size right that's
something so right are we ready to try
on do it let's do it let's go yeah it's
better it's the races shoes shoes to
make city people choose a movie
zoom into happy here please and show us
how she's wearing the
yeah why not think all right
the shoes are Moody I like weird but
everything yeah even even the black
pom-pom bag yeah he's a decent I'll say
this is what you call a prom outfit not
be a Chinaman watch though it is a prom
outfit it might easily Matthew become a
super audience it'd be like pulled up
what there's the neck let's just finish
it off you call that other Georgiana's
really amore slip behind yeah what do
you think damn it I think the dress is
really good The Milk Tray bag is and all
that rice it's not very nice email it so
I say you get given a christening
actually yours is prom dress but Mike so
everyone at their worst the prom dresses
honestly I don't know any of them so I'm
factoring though because it was so tight
but you need it these have the tiniest
week but the biggest yes like honestly
was so big up here that I feel like it
made me look even bigger everywhere else
so that was I don't buy debt I think I
do prefer yours overall yeah when you go
to that when you look at the price of my
dress $7.99 274 pounds but my shoes
about five seventy five years old
let me know in the poll and down below
you guys we wanted it so much fun I
really hope you guys have enjoyed it
don't forget to subscribe down below hit
that Bell on screen - Stefanie guns
drives that see you guys very soon
