I heard welcome back to my channel
welcome to my first Christmas video off
the year which some of you might be
thinking saffron was still in Melbourne
but December hasn't started yet
but this video has to be done before
because obviously everyone starts their
calendars of the first December so I
thought I would kind of do this a bit
early to help you guys out christmas has
actually started in my household as you
can see from behind me I have actually
been collecting quite a few calendars I
think I've got seven in total even
managed to get hold of the Jo Malone
slow it out calendar actually isn't for
me it's for my mum I surprised her and
her reaction was amazing I will actually
leave that vlog down below in case you
want to see that yeah it was such a
great reaction it is actually gonna let
me open a couple of days for this video
I don't want to unbox every single
number of every single calendar because
obviously that will spoil it for you so
I kind of thought like I would just give
my honest opinions open the calendar is
just a couple of days see what it's like
did they're worth the money because
honestly these calendars are quite
expensive I mean I've got a different
variety on the prices like I've tried to
get more affordable ones as well but
overall they aren't going to be more
expensive than your normal chocolate
calendar that I do get every single year
because that's my favorite kind of
calendar because he's actually beauty
products they are going to be a bit more
pricey hopefully they're gonna be worth
the money I'm gonna give you my opinion
so hopefully you can make your mind up
you can always do what I did and
actually give one of these advent
calendars as a early Christmas present
to somebody because obviously even
though it's a bit more expensive it's
more like a gift that keeps on giving
because it's like a month worth of
presents so I think it's really exciting
and it's such a nice gift anyways I hope
this video does help you guys out and
some saw I'm really excited I can't wait
so smashing a big thumbs up you guys
doing doing these and let me know down
in the comments and without further ado
let's get into the video
so the very first kind of doll we are
going to start with is the iconic London
calendar actually they are massive on my
Instagram and stuff and they are just
such a cool brand I actually love every
I think I've nearly tried everything
called bears I love their sprays I love
the highlights
I love the lashes the brushes I haven't
obviously looked at any of the products
inside I've literally just open this up
and I was a little bit disappointed
because there is only 12 days and it is
a hundred and twenty pounds and I do
full like when you're spending 120
pounds on challenger you should really
get at least 24 days that's a bit
disappointing but hopefully the products
inside should make up for it I actually
like the packaging I think it's quite
simple it's really pretty
so you open it from the side and this is
what it looks like it's fresh eat I like
it another thing I was actually quite
disappointed with though it's a fact
that it doesn't have numbers anywhere
which is just I don't know I quite like
the numbers are quite like looking for
them I think it's more exciting I don't
know where to go so we're just gonna go
so at random let's go for this one I'll
match is like a bomb for the smallest
one is actually doesn't really quite so
cute we have a metallic eyeshadow this
actually looks stunning I've never tried
this but I would actually go out and buy
this I probably never would have seen
this I'm quite happy with that obviously
that's like a full-size products you
know can't get out like I wouldn't stop
it's actually stuck ah said prep set and
glow spray and I in love this it
actually isn't full-size they have
bigger ones on this but to be honest
because they're in this is a mini it's
still quite thick this glow spray I used
so much during the summer and about
actually I will use it a lot now because
now as give isn't so brown and stuff I
feel like actually need that extra sort
of glow they ask you how you are you
just have to say that you're fine you're
not really fine you just can't get into
it because they would never understand
so yeah I'm actually really happy with
this it's actually open one more it's a
good luck I don't know what good luck it
is but that's do everything in arts this
one here is absolute I know buddy know
if you can see because the print is so
hard to see but it's actually
massive look how big this is so I
imagine this is their version of like
day 12 so follow that you've got three
completely different things
overall actually I've got a variety of
different products and so far I actually
kind of feel like I have got my money as
well I'm actually quite happy I thought
I was gonna be really disappointed when
I first saw this but open in the four
days that I have I feel like you
probably would get good value for money
next up we have the NIC Red Bank
calendar I tried the NYX
advert last year and from what I
remember I thought it was really really
really good the packaging is actually
quite Hugh I preferred that this kind of
packaging but obviously this is more
pricey as well just because it's more
like I don't know classy more like
Christmassy and pretty however it is
still quite nice it's just not that like
Christmassy to me but this is what it
looks like inside so this calendar does
have 24 days which is exciting and it's
50 pounds which means basically each
item is worth like two pounds which
realistically isn't actually very
expensive at all so already I feel like
even though I haven't seen the product
inside this is quite a good one to go
for depending on your budget and stuff
I'm gonna open at random I'm not gonna
open the first two days also like the
fact that this does have numbers on it
actually I think it was just and
lipstick calendar I don't know if it's
the same this year right so let's go
stain up before completely at random
here yeah this isn't nothing like a
lipstick so the very first thing is a
highlighter this is so cute I do love
this you don't I too thought this is a
really great size for a highlighter as
well I've also never seen this packaged
in on any NYX product before so I don't
know if this is just limited to the
calendar or not yeah this is really cute
and as I said last year I'm pretty sure
it was just a lipstick I think it was a
matte lipstick was it matter which is
that lipstick calendar policy I was not
expecting this I'm suspecting to pull
out like a lipstick or something so here
we have a blush that she doesn't really
nice as well
honestly same sort of packaging really
nice size let's try and find a lipstick
or just try and find something a little
bit different and this is a lipstick
oh this is actually a butter gloss I
don't know we're actually personally go
out and buy this color but I love Nick
so much and they're glosses are amazing
honestly I can't even explain how good
they are so this kind of goes back to
what I was saying about about maybe
trying something new I probably wouldn't
go out and buy this color for myself but
now that I've got it I feel like I've
definitely got to try it and give it a
go and you never know it might be my new
favorite lipstick honestly I actually
think this NYX one is worth buying as
well maybe even more so just because it
is a little bit more affordable I mean I
know 50 pounds is a lot of money but
when you're working out about 2 pound of
product it isn't actually that bad like
especially when you got like a
highlighter a blush I maybe went into a
store and bought a mini product it's not
gonna be 2 pounds so yeah I mean overall
I actually think this kind of does
really good so if you're thinking about
getting a calendar obviously depending
on your budget again this is probably a
good one to think about next up we have
the body shop calendar actually a lot of
my friends have this calendar and they
say it's amazing
I think we could save sneakily had a
look at a few of the days I've actually
been working with body shop on it
they're larger calendar oh my goodness I
absolutely love it I am pretty sure I
don't get I'm like 95% sure this is 65
pounds worth 121 pounds I know it's
worth 121 pounds seen 65 pound a 45 but
I'm pretty sure at 65 so either way you
definitely do get your money's worth as
I've been working with the body shop
I do actually know that it is 100%
cruelty free and vegetarian damn I feel
w next I'm not working with them by the
way on this video I'm completely giving
my honest review even when I do work
with them on my last calendar
I still like gave my complete honest
opinion that
actually I'll show you this massive
calendar here so if you want to see in
our books not that I did actually unbox
it on my vlog it's actually so heavy it
hurts my hand so I will leave that down
in the comments as well but let's open
the medium size because body shop do
three different calendars obviously the
largest size this is the medium size and
then there is also a smaller kind of
dirt than this my favorite thing about
the body shop Canada is I haven't
actually seen the smaller size but I'm
assuming it's the same thing so it's the
same thing with the bigger size is the
fact that you don't actually rip the
days open it in boxes so you can always
put them back and they're just mosquito
you know let's go at random there is
it's there 24 days or 25 days that is 25
days they are winning I'm not gonna open
the twenty-fifth day because I don't
want to ruin it for anyone but I will
open the 24 don't know if that's running
it - but if you have this kind of dirt
and you don't want to know what's in it
then definitely look away now
this is oh my goodness I am so excited
right now this is a body cream and it's
coconut and it smells amazing and I've
had this before and it's great and I've
just got a full-size product of it a
massive one it actually smells amazing
if you love coconut like I love coconut
you would love this purse that's pretty
amazing the really good thing about the
body shop calendars is the buff that you
get a really good variety because you
get like both care skincare makeup I
quite like the fact as well that the
beauty products are mixed up with the
bark products let's go for day eight in
here we have a green tea bath bomb I
actually when I unbox my large calendar
I also got one of these aside as well
inside here we have a lip definer it's
actually such a nice color wow it's like
a really really typical Christmasy color
and actually I will try and wear this in
my next Christmas video because that you
really like this ranks just like a
darker kind of Wang Moroni red is that
you probably I don't know is it what my
favorite so far maybe let me know your
favorite so far though
calendar we're gonna go for I really
wanna go for the German Oh Michael oh we
should just save it let's do the lush
land again is only 12 days it smells
absolutely amazing I can't even tell you
on the lid is shut so there is 12 days
inside of here it's the same shape as
last year it's something got eight sides
so it's an octagon shape one everyone
who's not behind oh no oh yeah it's the
same sort of shape I guess he kind of
has to be to put the products inside
even though it looks quite similar it's
still got like a different design and
print on the front so this is what the
advent looks like inside I mean it's
more like a Christmas early present
rather than actually an Advent to me
because you can't really open it day by
day I mean unless it is obviously
covered and I don't actually know what
these things are cool but these things
that I love playing with and I'm really
messy and get everywhere but I mean they
aren't technically covered so you could
do one box at a time so there is six
different boxes and each has two
products inside so you could kind of do
it box by box however if you have a bath
every other day it would last you
throughout the month of December but I
don't you think all of these are like
bath bombs and stuff
anyways I think a lot of maybe some of
the products you can use in the shower
and stuff as well so let's get stuck in
oh I love this so this actually is a
bath bomb I've had this bark on before
it's so good I just love the fact as a
present it makes it more Christmasy II
really like the fact that it has the
names in here so this one's called
Golden Wonder I mean I absolutely love
this it smells amazing it's so pretty I
feel like I'm having a bath of God
however my mom doesn't love it too much
because I'm running out of the bath is
ligatures own gold or outside of the
bath but apart from that yeah absolutely
love love love this one and actually the
one that's for find it as well it's also
one of my apps I would probably say this
is my favourite lush bathroom I've ever
tried it's amazing it is it good shoot
for the stars
yeah it's good shoot the saj it's so so
so good I recommend though let's try and
find another product
isn't actually a fart bomb this year
which is boxes I've actually tried to
think the body wash of this before and
it smells really good
and oh my goodness the conditioner
smells amazing as well there they have
the most popular product of theirs in
their calendar and this is the Snow
Fairy shower gel I'm pretty sure I'm not
100% certain so let me know I'm pretty
sure they've stopped selling this site
throughout the year and the only Senate
at Christmastime now this product is
amazing it smells so good they have
another shower gel in here as well which
is quite cool and I've just been kind of
looking around I don't want to ruin it
to everyone but they don't have their
old people Santana
however they have got this which is so
cute Christmassy
I feel like if I buy a large colored of
I really do want there to be some
Christmassy products they don't just
want the normal products a in the store
this is so cute it's a pudding honey
which I just think is the cutest thing
ever I don't actually ever want to use
it however if I don't use it this is
good enough to eat so I might as eat it
I'm just like I want to you know do that
okay kids over all of this is 75 pounds
for 12 days however the products all
full-size you get a different variety it
game you get to try a new products I
don't actually know how much it would be
if you supply the products individually
I don't feel like I would personally
want this as a calendar as it is kind of
like no countdown to it well I would
absolutely love this as a gift right now
zinc and it is 49 pounds however it's
only 12 days I do not know what's with
this whole like 12 days thing I'm quite
used to the old like 24 days so 12 days
for 49 pounds kind of breaks my heart a
little bit you know but let's just hope
that the products inside and make up for
it so annoying there's no numbers again
but no numbers why doesn't it's not hard
to put numbers on there so really they
should just put numbers on there but
this is probably actual order my
favourite package and why it's I think
it's so pretty and I'm actually excited
to put this one up on my side so let's
go with the biggest oh this is cute I've
never actually tried their face but I've
always wanted to an erase about these
this one it looks like looks really
pretty
I don't know
so did you many other put up art from
now a lot of shares so I'm quite excited
to give this place must go I would do it
on my blog let's open this one here we
have so this is a nail file and a buffer
but I've never seen this before but this
such a so much better because I you know
if you're doing an hour's and stuff
easier than just holding the long one I
want to see this is genius I think this
is actually great the next thing is a
topcoat which is good because actually I
always forget to buy a topcoat and I
need them so far the things have been at
yep nice cube variety it doesn't
actually say what you get oh it does say
what you got on the back all the other
ones have pictures so you can see maybe
you're actually better that you don't
have the pictures on the back you get
another face smash you get a gloss and
lip crunch are another glass slip topper
nail polish nail polish nail polish nail
polish and nail polish remover a nail
file and that's it I feel like they kind
of sit up there for the next couple of
months or so you know you're never gonna
be looking great I mean I'm always on my
absolute favorite kind of but then I
think because I always get my nails I'm
done I don't actually normally paint my
nails that much myself so I think that's
maybe why if you're into like painting
your nails and stuff and you have the
feet always looking good and then I
might just be the one for you so last
but not least I have been saving myself
with a very famous Joe loan calendar
that actually came out on the 1st of
October and I think it sold out
literally straight away so how I managed
to get my hands on this I do not know as
I said this is actually my mom's
calendar but obviously this is a lot
more expensive than the other calendars
this is 300 pound which is so very
expensive for a calendar however there
is 24 days inside and Jo Malone is a
more expensive brand so you'd expect to
be paying this sort of money every
single year my mom always asked me to
get her something from Joey Malone
that's like the one thing she wants for
Christmas because obviously it's more of
an expensive brand so it is such a treat
getting a product on there so this is
all the kind of girl looks like overall
it is so so so pretty love it it's
simple it's classy chic I'm pretty sure
it's quite similar
last year so I kind of wish they changed
it up a bit more but overall is really
pretty this is how the box opens really
quickly actually before we do get into
this calendar there is an Aldi version
of this
it basically is a Jo Malone troop of
this calendar it looks identical I think
it was 50 pounds the algae won so I was
kind of thinking because obviously I'm
not gonna open every single day because
it is my mom's although she wouldn't
mind anyways I was kind of thinking
actually I might get the hour do you
wanna do like a comparison thing so that
is something you do want to see they do
let me know down in the comments because
they've a lot of you want to see that I
would definitely film it but yeah it's
what it looks like as I said there is 24
days there's meant to be an extra
special surprise in 24 and that they
can't actually tell you about a mom if
you're watching this right now please
look away because I don't want to ruin
it for you so I'm gonna put a couple of
the days up and then I wore open 24 at
the end if you have managed to get your
hands on the dough Mayan calendar then
do look away because it is the big
surprise however if it's something
you're not probably ever gonna have like
myself is a bit more expensive then you
probably want to know what's inside 24
what everyone's like well we're we enjoy
malone is so excited about as well as me
so let's go for day was it 21 21 from so
excited well so the very first product
is actually a lot smaller I've never
seen anyone unbox the Gemini calendar
before and actually is a lot smaller
than I was expecting it to be a very
small black cedar wood and juniper
Cologne is what it looks I I'm actually
so excited it smells so good honestly
and I never would have gone out and
bought probably the whole bottle so it's
quite nice I get to try that and I don't
even get to try the new mini it's my mom
gets to try the little Mining's I think
there's like body lotions they put
inside as well as the sprays as candles
for me that's the most exciting thing a
candle let's go in the day 12 can now
this is like a pan
oh wait no missing Bible that's so wrong
I've 2000 candle but it's not candle it
is a body cream the only and blush suede
this is so nice I couldn't so simple yet
perfect it's actually a really good
reasonable size product as well I mean
the spray is feel kind of small but this
is a little bit bigger I mean the spray
is feel quite small but I mean to run is
if you bought a small bottle from Jo
Malone I mean there would be a little
bit bigger than this but they're like
sixty pounds anyways so I still feel
like you are actually getting your
money's worth
so here we go day 20 oh look away now
mom here we go the big reveal to go
product I've got a little note the very
first product we have is that
pomegranate noir candle and this is oh
my goodness so I actually don't think my
mom likes pomegranate noir but it is my
favorite scent from home alone it is
absolutely beautiful if she doesn't want
it can happily give this to me and then
also inside comfort this this one note
that says with this gift comes another
so this is obviously the surprise that
they was talking about and it says the
gift that keeps on giving
Furguson for your service in January to
discover a new favorite and receive a
complimentary 30 milliliters cologne of
your choice our gift to you so you'd be
calling to put your appointment and
bring this card in to redeem your gift
so basically you get a free bottle
perfume of your choice and you also get
a massage with that so the gift that
keeps on giving
that's great so that puts on a perfume
alone and I think it's like 60 70 pounds
when you also get a massage with it as
well and it lasts from the first of
January to the 31st of January so you
still have some time to redeem it as
well so yeah that's actually really
sweet that is actually a really nice a
really nice extra gift I'm glad that's
in there actually because my mom is
gonna be really excited about a day 24
and it's gonna be AK and all of a sudden
that she doesn't actually like so at
least I can have the candor and she can
have the extra gift and there's the Jo
ellone calendar so everybody there is
the end of this video I'm pretty sure it
might been quite a long one I try to go
through the calendars as quick as I
possibly could but I personally just
absolutely love watching these videos so
much because I could be nosy I can look
at the calendars that I can't really
afford to be buying obviously I would
never normally go out and buy seven
calendars and literally try to get them
for the sake of this video there was
actually a few upper colleges that I did
order but unfortunately I haven't
actually arrived here and I really just
wanted to get this video up so I guess
I'll be unboxing them and stuff on my
blogging channel and before we do
actually end this video this year I'm
doing if you didn't know already my
sapling again which is my version of my
own advent calendar which is basically
where I give a gift or a present every
single day on my vlogging channel all
you have to do is be subscribed so go
over to that channel go and do that and
look out for December because hopefully
I'll be giving away some of these
calendars as well so if you want the
chance to win one if you aren't gonna go
out and go buy one of these kind of
juice yourself and also I am giving away
other products as well like other beauty
products and hair products and stuff
like that Belcher's so yeah just please
subscribe to that channel I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and I hope to
see you all very very very soon mwah bye
