hey everyone and welcome back to my
channel now for today's video
I've got some guests that you've never
seen on this channel before you follow
the vlogs you definitely were to observe
I do have introduce yourselves I'm rays
I'm George I'm Blake anyways so for
today's video we are doing same very
exciting I promise you guys absolutely I
don't know
literally cannot wait so we just
finished filming a video for their
channels if you guys want to go and
check out that I'm gonna link it down
below so go watch that after you watch
this video but today we're doing spin
the world so basically on the world we
have really awful and disgusting
challenges and things that we need to do
some of these like what for you guys and
myself because of me once we show you
the wheel so every time you guys enjoyed
the video and let's try and get this
video to 60,000 likes for that week and
let's get into the video
we have got the wheel of doom here so
you spin it so when it kind of thing
someone here a pretty damn awful George
John experiment we've got so we've got
an egg head baby food a free go price
base leg rocks a freestyle rap an accent
trying to be stay in the except for the
whole video a tweet your crush a shot a
free go last photo and you camera same
time I'm sorry if you guys get my time
so no painful yeah someone's be oh yeah
100% you guys because we're very easy on
this channel it's a shot of apple cider
vinegar which by the way is the worst
thing ever like people of my blogs you
know that like I'm reaching whilst
having this we're good luck is all I can
say right we have got apple cider
vinegar yeah and we've got Jonah hold
this wide for this is technically a
double shot it's a good luck guys
guys we're redoing that because it
wasn't set long enough you didn't you
didn't rub it still does go I don't know
you can see that well but my Blake has
like a nice square you can strike how
much that have ten all right you squeeze
my hand so yeah all of a sudden I like
ah
hey-oh
oh it's like lotion
Oh
like it's kind of loving this ability
martinsia - okay right so reasons come
by getting payback now which is so nice
good chocolate with cream for my family
oh you looked worse on the car come on
Ash
okay everyone thank you so much for
watching the video because of all of
this
please miss me it's matter like and
subscribe down below as I said we also
filmed a video on the boys this channel
so go check it out go say that I sent
you
oh my goodness whatever man mine
okay we see you guys bye races
