hello everyone welcome back to my
channel I hope you guys are doing good
now for today's video I am so excited
because I'm gonna be making a real food
out of candy and honestly this excites
me so much because I have such a sweet
tooth so I like I cannot wait I cannot
wait to do this I have seen this video
before however I've never actually seen
anybody do the foods that I'm gonna be
making today I'm not saying I haven't
done it before because I'm sure somebody
has there's so many videos like this but
I've definitely never seen them so I
really hope you guys do enjoy this is
actually gonna be a little bit half of
me though because I'm not very artistic
like my creative DIY skills isn't always
the best so I'm gonna try really really
really hard this could be a file so that
this video could turn around and it
could have like fail in the title or it
could be great we don't know at this
very moment of time but hopefully it's
good I really really really hope you
guys do enjoy the video if you do you
know what to do smash a big thumbs up
and subscribe down below if you guys
have it already and I also did film like
the behind the scenes on my blogging
channel so be sure to vote and check
that out as well
without further ado I hope you guys
enjoy and let's get into the video what
we are gonna try and recreate the
classic hot dog and fries Twinkies
chocolate icing cookie dough and candy
cables clearly the Twinkie is gonna be a
bun
simply cut the middle out to make enough
room for your yummy candy sausage set
that aside grab your cookie dough and
this is the fun part we're gonna get
rolling
robo-puppy dough into a very own unique
sausage just like mine bet with me
though guys I'm confident this is gonna
look good in the end
next I'll take your chocolate and break
it into a bowl
when you've got enough to cover the
sausages amount to either in the
microwave or over some hot water this is
the messy part we're going to make our
raw sausages a look cooked run the
sausage into the bowl until it's
completely covered for the fries you're
going to need to pick out all the yellow
county cables because you know fry is
yellow so the red ones aren't really
gonna work you're gonna want to cut them
into rounder lengths just like fries are
we are then going to piece it all
together and add the mustard aka the
food coloring and wallah
job done
next up I'm going to attempt to let my
brother's favorite dinner chicken
nuggets and mash with peas and carrots
weet-bix fudge stoppers vanilla frosting
and candy cables tomato narcos is so
easy to squish a super fudge into now it
shapes and then dip them into the
scrunched up Weetabix to give them a
yummy breaded coating
when you've got enough Nuggets we are
going to make third fetch I'm using a
green accounting cables instead of
starbursts because honestly they were
not green enough as you can see I'm just
cutting them up very small a lot of them
in Teletubbies pick out the orange
starburst for the carrots you may need
to heat them in the microwave for a
couple of seconds to stuff in them then
you can squish them into a carrot shape
there's one the right color orange for
me so I decided to put some orange food
coloring ow to make a better color
now all we need to finish off is some
cars
so let's dollop on our frosted icing a
mashed potato oh yeah that looks good
enough to eat
from my final masterpiece we are going
to be making tacos get old cavity cables
again double chocolate chip cookies
jelly beans cookie dough and vanilla
frosting make a cookie dough into a boat
like shape this is like the nervous
we're going to get to a taco shape
without cooking yet take the created
county cake boards and slice on the
middle so you can open it up and remove
the center keep that aside we'll be
using a later don't be tempted to eat it
like I was flatten out the green part
and lay it on your taco to look like
lettuce pump all the cookies into a bowl
and then place on top of the letters for
your group of beef filling of course we
need some flavor so we're adding kidney
and chili beans
aka jelly beans
I'm leaving some hole and cutting some
in half then wait for the inside of the
candy cable then becomes your grated
cheese I know I'm a genius right we are
going to finish the salacious taco with
a big dollop of our sour cream oh yes
this is my kind of taco what's every one
that was a success right that was so
much better than I was expecting it to
be like I feel so so so proud and I
haven't like watch any of it back yet so
I don't know what it looks like from
camera the in real life it looks so so
so good even my younger brother admitted
it looked good and like he doesn't
normally not admit things like that if
you guys did enjoy this video be sure to
let me know if I write in a comment down
below and also if you guys do recreate
any of these and please also tag me
because I really really want to see and
if you have any other ideas if you want
me to do a path to that again you can
just let me know with any social media
or down in the comments below and I'm
going to be replying to you guys well I
wasn't gonna say oh yeah I feel like I
put like 10 pounds on and oh yeah if I
could put 10 pounds of weight on from
eating so much sugar so I feel like it's
time to hit the gym so I'm gonna go into
is a cue that you can a heart which
every time I look in general anyways I
see you guys very very soon I'm heading
to the gym now bye
