hi everyone and welcome back to my
channel today's video is so exciting
because I've never ever ever done APO
box okay I have so many huge when I say
huge I mean literally huge parcels I
have been saving up so obviously all of
this stuff I'm about to show you haven't
just got sent in one day it's things I
really have been saving I've never done
a period box haul before just because
I'm so impatient
I don't like saving things I just want
to open it as soon as I get it
I unbox a lot of stuff over on my blog
in channel and also I'm so grateful for
everything that gets said however brands
always seem to send like tiny things in
huge boxes so I'm just having the boxes
waiting around and just a cart we're
dealing with it however this time I have
actually saved even though I've been
sent a lot of stuff over the years still
just never take anything for granted
like it still excites me every single
time I get a parcel I kind of can't
believe that a brand would want to send
me this kind of stuff definitely the
perks with the job cuz I do get sent
quite a lot of stuff I do tend to give a
lot of stuff away if it's not really my
colors like friends and family or so if
I get like multiple of stuff as well
I'll make sure I give it away to either
my friends my family or like a giveaway
this year I'm gonna be doing my own
southbend again it's when it's a vlog
most I try and do my own stuff em which
is my own advent calendar where I give
away something to one of you guys every
single day there's no other rules apart
from just being subscribe to that
channel so make sure you go and
subscribe I think my cooking channel
down below I hope you guys enjoy this
video smash your big thumbs up if you
want to see more like this and subscribe
down below and and let's get into it
this pink one that I've been holding for
like the last the last 10 minutes this
is from benefit I actually got said this
and last night this arrived so I'm like
yes I get to put this in my video this
is so cute oh my goodness when you get
something like in this sort of like 10
it just makes it so much more special
and more exciting however I feel like I
never want to use the products inside
I've also been trying to open this the
laughs like half an hour and I figured
that it's just way Porefessional primer
I use nearly every single day I love it
so much it's so good also absolutely
love the hoola bronzer this mascara is
meant to be so good this high-beam I've
actually never used before so I might
try and give it a go abroad this set is
literally perfect one down and many to
go right next up we have this big box
from Disney and skinny dear I'm really
happy that a lot of the brands like you
know but they Texan stuff on the front
because otherwise it's even harder for
me to save them because I like I have no
idea what's inside at least if I kind of
know this box is so big well first up we
have there's a backpack which is really
cute it's matte black it has a little
Mickey on the front I actually didn't
know the skinny-dip did things like
clothing and stuff I kind of thought
it's just more like accessories they've
also set me this jumper which is
actually quite similar to what I'm
wearing right now it looks really really
really cozy ah this is actually really
cute if I ever go to Disneyland again
which I'm sure that I will has a little
Mickey on the back which is so cute we
have a makeup bag we have a phone case
I've also got a key rune next up we have
oh my goodness hello
I'm so excited the ice blue new GHD
platinum straightener I love th D so
much THD is honestly such an amazing
brand I use them all the time and
actually my mom and I only own one pair
of straightness between us so when I go
away my mom gets so frustrated because
she's left with no straightness because
I always take them with me
so now it's really nice that she can
keep the old ones or she can have this
one basically we can just have one each
is a lot easier absolutely love the
color it's beautiful I also just got an
invite you're invited to go ice skating
with GHD on the 15th of November and I
think I will be there so this box I have
some makeup from two-faced couple of
their foundations in different shades
which is amazing because actually I love
this foundation I've only started using
this recently and honestly makes your
skin the flawless also they've sent me
there to face sugar peach wet and dry
face and eye palette
honestly all they're like peach
collection smells amazing so I'm so
excited to just give this a good sniff
it's all so so so so pretty like I said
with the benefit and box such as the
package it makes such a difference for
me I just automatically want to buy it
if the packaging is really cute and
pretty as well it kind of looks like a
clutch as well which is really cute so
this is the colors inside moisture matte
along where lipsticks I've got the shade
chill pill right Ziller desorbed
and undercover lover actually quite like
these names as well they're all kind of
different more like fall colors as well
which is really cute so I have some
Pink's a red and some like and neutrals
as well I wasn't actually sent this but
I got given it at an event so I felt
like I've really had to include it
because it's so oh so nice I actually
haven't even looked inside genuinely
happened because waiting for this video
obviously it's like an old like boogie
box it's just really cool I feel like
even once I've used to put us inside I
definitely won't be keeping this box I
have no idea where it's gonna go but I
just know that I love it is really cool
this is absolutely stunning
honestly if there was like a gift for
Christmas so this would be it because
honestly it's so perfect
you have all the different rents in here
you have six different lipsticks you
have four different nail varnishes in
different red shade and then they
obviously have four different liners so
I'm assuming go with these lipstick
which is honestly really helpful because
I really struggle to find a lip liner
that goes perfectly with the lipstick so
it's already chosen for you in a nice
gift set basically it's perfect
honestly if someone told me like two
years ago like you'll be going to know
them with Dior and you'll be getting
gifting things for them I'll be like
absolutely no chance so this is honestly
a dream come true I also have some other
bits set from Dior that I don't think
I've actually ever oh I've tried that
foundation do your backstage face and
body foundation and it's so good because
it's not too full coverage but it's very
buildable so I love this oh okay right
never seen this before this is a spray
foundation I mean I love that other
foundations and maybe I like this but
this is like so weird to me I've never
ever ever seen a foundation like that
I'm thinking it must kind of be like a
spray tan rather than a natural
foundation that you blend in with a
brush but it is showing that you can
either spray it onto your face onto your
brush so either I thought I guess I
would try this on at my channel
is that all of these little bits I'll be
trying over on my vlogging channel if
you ever want to see primer and setting
spray also their glow booster that I
tried the other day only used it once
but it felt amazing when it was on my
skin and then finally we have their brow
palette next up we have quite a few bits
in here LMX which I guess is a new brand
but it's by Little Mix have they brought
anything else before I'm not sure I've
never had anything from Little Mix
before but I love them as I go by and
said they're stolen below mince which is
lip glosses and liquid Luminator and it
comes in this really cool okolloh
graphic case oh the eyelashes are really
nice Wow I actually love the peri ones
because they're quite dramatic and if
I'm wearing eyelashes I want them to be
quite dramatic because otherwise I just
have my own eyelashes are like
absolutely my thing so I'm very excited
to try these other bits ah this is so
nice got matte lipsticks with liners but
the liner goes with the lipstick which
is so nice and all of these colours
looks like something I would wear
they're very like nudie colours we've
got the darker Brown and then the light
kind of pinky nude which is really nice
I actually think I would Germany where
all of these then we have some face and
body gutters called there get the looked
at the packaging is really cool really
love this and this is what it looks like
inside so we have some eye shadows we
have a highlighter a lipstick again and
a liquid liner overall I think this
palette is really nice I don't really
know if I would particularly use this
color they look really pigmented I'm
really pretty so this eyeshadow palette
however I think I definitely will use
the colors are so nice the very last
thing of all that was the last thing
face palette oh my goodness this is so
nice Wow love that and so well done
girls yeah
love this thank you so much for sending
me your collection and you have so much
as well from mac cosmetics Mac have
brought out these new crayons but they
are kind of for like your waterline and
stuff which is amazing because I buy
pencil and stuff to put my waterline and
it makes such a difference but it does
the kind of doesn't really show up
however I feel like with these crayons
it's gonna be so much better and easier
for the color to show up and so they've
sent me a white one and then they've
also sent me a dark brown which is like
a dark brown pencil is what I use under
my eyes anyways also from Mac I've got
their shiny pretty Mac things collection
and this actually is genuinely so pretty
and shiny I've got this gift set here
which is so nice I've got their strobe
cream which I do actually use honestly
the strobe cream is amazing this
highlighter looks so pretty
I'm actually wearing a matte highlighter
today and I've been wearing it quite
recently and loads of people been
complimenting me on it so I do actually
love their highlighters this will look
pretty similar to the one that I'm
wearing however it's a bit more pinky it
was basically a perfect gift set meant
from me they also sent me this huge
throat in my face and it also sent me
this gift set which includes four
different lipstick really love the
packaging again it's like also
holographics really cool and makes a
perfect Christmas present then some
other shiny things that they send me oh
my goodness wow this looks so nice is I
don't want to like it fall out
just as I said I didn't wait to fall out
it's fallen out but don't you worry guys
it's still whole gotta hold it on there
now Wow how did that not smash I don't
know okay we're sewing this highlighter
I'm gonna try not to break it it looks
absolutely beautiful I love everything
about this the actual goal at
highlighter itself looks amazing and the
packaging is even more stunning and then
they've also sent me in the same package
in this lipstick called a wink of pink
so I'm assuming oh it's not even pink
it's like a bronzy shimmery lipstick but
it looks so nice my mom would like love
this so much
another big box I haven't no this is
look at some toothpaste this actually
isn't from Too Faced but the packaging
looks exactly like their heat palette
packaging oh this is so cute oh this is
so nice Wow Oh bubble bath soap honestly
just look at that how cute is that I'm
colorful and girly also I just love bath
soak in general love love love it it
smells just like peaches perfect I love
the fact that it's like it almost looks
like it's in a milk carton also really
think that adds adds to the whole thing
ah this is also really cute look how
it's packaged like it almost looks like
a coke can well but what melon melon
Dollar Baby feeling physically bath
sherbert
it's a so cool shake your coconuts I
love all of this glowing out shimmer
body mist wait like I'm gonna have to
twist before what am I doing wrong then
it's what my favorite scents of the
whole lot is coconut so this is so
perfect they do the bar so can also a
coconut scent as well so I think I might
have to go out and purchase that because
it's so cute this set is actually very
summery I think I must have had this
longer than the other things I've been
said I've been saving this for quite a
while but honestly I'm not complaining
this is like the most exciting Pole so I
could ever get sent I have never ever
ever girl said anything from huda beauty
before and I absolutely love her and I
absolutely love love love her products
so much so first of all this is nothing
to do with her products really I don't
think she sells this but I've got a
hooter and Mo G's car freshener which I
will actually be putting in my car so
look out for that bunch of makeup like
so much makeup to last me the rest of
the year I have got sent a ton of her
different lashes I have six different
pairs I wear her lashes all at the time
but because they're a little bit more
pricey I kind of wear these what I'm
going out and about so if I ever have
like a four gallon makeup on I'm
probably gonna be wearing these I don't
actually set my favorite my favorite of
Sasha yeah oh she's got such a there J
harmony Noel Anna Giselle I think it's
about time they have a safranin they're
ruining their milk how many liquid
lipsticks and liner set so they actually
sent me can't quite believe this yeah a
lot of their liquid matte lipsticks this
one is in the shade sugar mama this
literally looks like my perfect color
like a very light pinky nude this
packaging I've never seen before but wow
this is a Demi Matt I really love the
ombre in the back of gym where it goes
from black to nude I think that's really
cute a few of them do this that are all
the same Demi matte formula and so this
is like a dark color but still the
packaging does the same thing so yeah
they've sent me a lot of her matte
liquid lipsticks and just liquid
lipsticks and actually I was recently in
LA and I was in Sephora and I was just
like drooling over her whole collection
especially her lipsticks I did buy a
couple but I was finding it so hard to
like choose it once I wanted to buy and
now I've got sin a bunch that I was
probably like dreaming / 3d highlighter
palette which I haven't tried before but
I've heard amazing things about it I've
also just casually been sent five
different eyeshadow palettes like what
so we've got the amethyst obsessions
sapphire emerald ruby and topaz topaz
looks like my favorite I actually love
having like mini eyeshadow palettes
because they're so easy on the go if you
find like a perfect one at that
absolutely great this what wow oh my
goodness it's actually looks amazing I
love
orange on the lid at the moment I love a
good brown on the lid there's also some
really really nice shimmers in there as
well so this palette is so pretty
finally I got said is there easy-bake
loose powder which again I've never
tried I think I'm gonna quit stuck in my
ways with my powder so kind of note once
worked for me but I will still give this
a go another parcel from benefit we have
their magical brow styles of gifts their
benefit i'm literally killing the game
when it comes to brows if i could
recommend a brow product to anyone I
would definitely recommend some sort of
benefit product i personally absolutely
love their goof proof brow pencil and I
also love the co brow as well it kind of
depends what you prefer using if you
prefer using like a pencil or if you
kind of prefer that using more like a
cream and gel kind of formula but that
kind of my two favorites however
honestly all of it is so good this is
such an amazing thing to receive so
thank you so much I feel like I do have
so much of their brow products so they
send me them all the time but again I'm
really not complaining because they are
killing it I'm actually taking a moment
to this and look at all the stuff around
me and I kind of can't get my head
around how much stuff that I get said
wow this smells so good I don't even
know what's inside yep I can smell it
for shorts from holler and glow then you
do some really cool face masks actually
which they have sent me I really like
them because the print is always cute
and funny and also they're very
affordable face masks I think they
actually sell holler and glow in Primark
as well
this one's so cute he's got gingerbread
men on it oh my goodness the next one
oh no way it's a mrs. Claus watch you
know what they've sent me two of these
ones and of gingerbread one so I feel
like to get in the festive season all of
my family in eating one of these on and
trust me I will make sure this happens
in my vlogs these are just like more
like a foil II kind of print and but
it's really pretty as well but these
ones are just actually bloody hilarious
so I can't wait to see my dad and my
brother
I don't but actually just all of us
we're in one of these then what smells
so good
is I'm assuming laughs fizzes oh these
are so cute this one's my favorite
that's so nice angel wings which is so
pretty
with a pear ellipse flamingos and all
this one's so cute it's a candy cane I
love miss it have also got a note with
it this is saffron hope you love your
goodies
lots of love hala and Glo also just want
to point out these are only two pounds I
feel like you can't really ever get
enough of bath fizzes and also they make
such a good stocking filler stretchy the
candy cane because it's very like
Christmas even cute now Mike's so
excited to have a bar Bourbon freaking
decay you know you guys are like my
absolute go to I've been using urban
decay so much recently starting off with
their priming spray that I did actually
buy recently this is so good I love it
so so so much makes my skin feel like so
refreshed
like I'm ready to put on foundation
after I use their also been using this
recently is that optical illusion of
primer this is a bit weird because I
never really thought that I would use
this because it's a bit more matte on
the skin and I don't really like using
Mac products but once you've actually
like rubbed it all in your foundation
sits so nicely on top and it doesn't the
foundation doesn't go mad even though
the primer is quite matte so I actually
really really really like this which I
was very surprised about but it's such a
good product and then we've got their
naked skin shapeshifter contour color
correct and highlighting palette I've
actually seen this advertised
oh wow it looks so amazing one side is
cream and one side is a powder or was in
the powder side you've got more like the
highlighter shades and then this side
kind of has the more like color
correcting and contour shape and then
I've also been sent a lot of their BIOS
lipsticks in kind of like nudie shades I
have like a donkey bread oh I actually
wanted to get this one
it's the shade hitchhike and it's more
like a brownie err darkish kind of red I
just felt that this was really autumnal
I saw it in store and I was like mmmm I
need that if you can kind of see it
there too of their waterproof all night
our full coverage concealer I actually
love a full coverage concealer I don't
really see the point of it unless it's
full coverage so love this no way okay
well it's quite a bit
we have a brand code Vichy which is
actually a brand that I've never
personally used before however I do
recognize this brown because I know that
my mum does use this so it's a skincare
brand and I'm assuming this is some soft
always smells really good oh so this is
a clay mask I feel like my skin must be
absolutely glowing after this video
because I've been said so many different
skin products got a double glow peel
mask charcoal mask charcoal mask just in
general on my favorite because I just
feel like they always were really brings
out those under poor spots which love
soothing aloe vera mask which is one
that I will actually take away with me
when I'm a holiday quenching mineral
mass even though the packaging is so
simple I actually kind of love it
sometimes I think less is more even
though I haven't been saying that
throughout or the packaging is so
colorful and bright I kind of like like
either either like it's either really
come upon in your face or just like some
nice and simple the beauty box from my
friend Layla Rose so this is with
cosmetic and also my friend Jake Jamie
also just did a collaboration with
cosmetics and I absolutely loved his
beauty box I'm are very excited to see
what Layla is actually like inside so
well done oh this is so cute this just
adds such like a perfect why don't I
just smell that when I obviously know
that it isn't real but this just adds
such a perfect perfect touch the box
retails for 89 pound 99 which is a 59
percent discount of its total value over
215 pounds this is what the box looks
like overall I'm really quickly go
through the Brad's she's included pair
of Lily lashes we have a NYX matte I
think I've tried this is that one yeah
in the shade London this is really nice
this matte lipstick 24 hour brow setter
then we have the next professional
makeup waterproof liner the next product
I actually do own myself this is
actually a really good highlighter this
is the Laura Geller illuminator and it's
so nice attached out the silk cream
won't less than anti-aging moisturizer
Venus 2
the heard of this brand before that's
actually a lie this is just what the
pilot scored it's actually by the Lime
Crime Venus 2 is the palate thank you so
much Laila for put me on your pilot I
can't wait to try that actually a lot of
the products I have tried and I do
actually really personally like myself
so the other things I'm excited to try
because if the lobby must have some sort
the same text last this is a novel thing
for benefit but I might be wrong or is
it can soak the glory so big pink yeah
it's my second glory so the very love
thing what the hell good juggling balls
I really want an excuse to use these I
actually can't juggle because joy ball
let's give it hang on
no I'm just using to that does not work
I'm assuming this is their Christmassy
collection it says the glitz season for
show-stopping gifts this is the
righteous butter the pathogen for this
actually looks so so so nice see I told
you I'm like either either if a lover
being full-on or pretty simple this is
definitely the more full-on side of it
we've also got this little gift set
which is naughty but spicy chewy this
little gift set here which is just the
highlights looks like very last little
gift set what actually don't even know
if it is it is it gifts it I'm not sure
there it is it's got a oh I love this so
much it's their sexy mother pucker lip
gloss as well as a liner they're sexy
mother pucker lip gloss is so good if
you want a lip gloss to actually feel
like it's pumping up your lip get that
because honestly it's the best one I've
ever got I spend so much more money and
trying to get other lip glosses that
feel like just cuz I'm not got like
tingling on your lips I love it so much
I know some people hate it but yeah
they're soaked of Lauri one is the best
on life twice so everyone in there is my
huge P o box opening and I really hope
you guys did enjoy it actually I've
never had the patience to save up all my
things before so getting it gradually is
so different to getting it all in one go
cuz I kind of don't realize how much I
actually get sent so thank you so so so
much all the Browns are sending me all
of this stuff I am so grateful I can't
wait to let actually go through and use
the products and try them all
again I will be vlogging this and some
of these things that I have multiple off
I won't be doing giveaways for over my
vlogging channel so don't forget to go
look out on that oh yeah thank you so
much for watching and I hope to see you
all very very very soon
mwah bye
