hi everyone welcome back to my channel
and I've got a very special guest today
today here she is the one and only
saffron Barker hijacked yeah I got it
just for today day and one day only cuz
we've got the Star Wars Jedi challenging
like Star Wars yeah yeah who doesn't
love Star Wars to be found
I'm actually pretty excited for that I
don't always challenge my dad so you
know what I'm actually okay of him
challenging me dad loses everything so
this could be my one shot plaster feel
like this is gonna be a good challenge
bring it on a pony or the Jedi Master so
definitely I'm very one of your easy
challenges know you've got no time yeah
this is gonna be like the coolest video
on my channel yet so really hope you
guys enjoy thank you so much tuna novo
for sponsoring this video I just can't
wait are you ready boys you might
subscribe down below if you guys haven't
already and let's get into the bro
we're gonna be using for the challenge I
am very excited but we need to decide
who's gonna go car rock paper scissors
show you the way do it
it's a lightsaber there you go right
good luck to you I can't wait to do
there wow you are proper 3 2 1 erection
oh my god hey here we go we go you can
see your legs oh really
they come in a little bit quick on your
Jedi Master darling I know beginner girl
come up defeat maybe they call me TC dad
I definitely won that right give me the
headset then motor I'm just so excited
you know why is that definitely one that
you definitely not I think I have a go
how long do you reckon you lasted 30
hours okay right this is the coolest
thing ever
it's so good that I can like to see you
as well so I feel like I'm sane you've
got a Jedi Master watching you on that
doesn't know how to slice someone are
you ready yeah go on let's begin I was
like okay oh my goodness I've actually
got a full on my saber what a yes
is over
whoa I reckon you're way less than me
and you were just running around you
wasn't even on for anyone that was so
good right round two SAFF
I might have been roughly a draw let's
do it
oh there you go people into it now
remember to swap the yellow cell block
for yellow rock it down a bit what we're
doing wrong in that was you are joking
dad didn't even lost a good ten in a
second all right okay ways you can
change the levels of it so dad was in
hard mode yeah
so you oh no that was easy
it's harder than you think guys you need
what is on the hard mode honestly you
didn't last longer than 10 seconds if I
can track what was he is that time do
you know twenty four point six seconds
that was actually longer than I thought
felt like five seconds okay right my guy
Ron t oh oh my goodness I love this okay
so I need to block the yellow dream
you could be on the next I'm so focusing
I can't even talk at this point so go
away you should wear that more often is
it everything so you want the Jedi
Master to show you the way okay this is
our third and final round ready to add a
third and final round
let's do it see if we can get a victory
I don't like it's gonna happen but let's
go hey go on dad paw print right this
time
hey yes you Lily a book and stuff now
that's better
oh my god definitely come on he's
falling back yes victory about time okay
so as I get victory you've definitely
won this
- come on celebration which is
celebration go four three two one oh I
just love it when the lightsaber goes
through a whole other life like guys
well you can see right now the whole
thing on screen goes into a whole
lightsaber it's of course thing about
okay most men won't mix I must admit
when you get right into it
you can't even talk because you're
concentrating that much aren't ya
okay I'll come up to you in fact I'm not
really sure what you're doing it's not
you're doing some kind of dance
wait I think it's a big room you know
they start frying bulls it yeah did you
say I died he dies loser I swear I was
so close that time yeah close that's a
proper workout though innit yeah that's
good if you want to get this anyway
sorry one day the end of the video I
really hope you guys enjoyed I'm not
gonna lie my dad did win for the first
time ever because I am the Jedi Master
okay so ever you say I really do mean
him prancing you guys gonna see Madrid
they saw a lot in my vlog today so yeah
anyway it was fine it was interesting it
was a lot harder than what I was
expecting it to be it was so much fun
and if you want to find any more info as
well about the Star Wars Jedi challenges
and be sure to head over to Lenovo
dot-com
I'll leave y'all below for you guys to
go and check out but yeah also I mean as
we've ever tried it as well if we're
gonna try it you're gonna get it let me
know down in the comment best game ever
anyway I hope you guys did enjoy the
video smash your like subscribe down
below and we get to see you guys very
very soon what I get to win and I'm a
challenge by
