happy Halloween everybody welcome back
to my channel and happy Halloween as
you're watching this I do look a little
bit rough it's not even I look well it
is I look a little bit rough today
basically my whole body was like brown I
was nice and tan included my face and
somehow the town's just nicely removed
itself of my face whereas my body still
kind of town maybe a little bit patchy
here and there but I'm still a little
bit Brown my face is white so I do
actually look like I am ready paneling I
will be sorting this out though
hopefully throughout the video all of
those people that love Halloween I
thought I would sit down and paint my
face with a Halloween makeup so I have
got a lot and a lot of different
Halloween makeup is actually pretty
cheap when you go to places like Walmart
and a star and it's fine when you're
doing things like Halloween makeup when
you want to look like a devil you want
to look witch but when you want to do
your normal everyday makeup with it it's
a little bit harder I literally have no
idea how I'm gonna do this I'm gonna
have to try it mix colors blend colors I
do not really know I already quite
excited and I have honestly I'm painting
my face with some stupid stuff before
painting my whole face with food and try
it painting my face with the tampon I
mean it doesn't really get much weirder
than that it's gonna be difficult anyway
so we're gonna tuck into my big bag
called Halloween makeup I hope you guys
do enjoy the video don't forget to hit a
big thumbs up for guys do and subscribe
down below and without further ado let's
get in
way too much Halloween makeup I wanted
to get a lot so I haven't got options I
thought you know I could blend the
colors together it'd be great so I just
kind of kept on going and going and
maybe I did get a bit more than was
necessary so with this I'm just gonna do
exactly what I would normally do with my
primer and moisturizer this will kind of
work as my face and hopefully the other
makeup will go on better I really hope
it doesn't do the opposite because I've
had that in the past and it's just the
worst thing ever actually really just
thinking about this this is why I don't
know if this was the best idea but it
might be like moisturizer you know when
you're up it in hopefully it kind of
blends into my face so I guess kind of
just like squeeze and out as I'm looking
at this I'm thinking maybe I do put a
little bit too much on I wouldn't
actually know that this much primer on I
mean also normally good blends a lot
better than this is I was stupidly
thinking that this would be like
moisturizer and it will blend into my
skin but today I'm really stupid and
obviously this is gonna stay white so
I'm gonna to try and blend this as much
as I possibly can and just see where we
go from there so I had two different
options of hydration in a case well I
wouldn't kind of explain why I've got
each set because I was like really
thinking about at the time so this set
it was three dollars 98 you do get some
really monkey teeth that I do not think
I'll be using and things like a liquid
latex again I wouldn't normally use in
my everyday makeup routine however I did
get it because I thought I've got my
Beauty blenders over here okay my really
crappy hahaha
um sponges and then this obviously has
like a brownie shade and I thought this
is probably maybe my best bet for
foundation but looking at it I'm not
quite sure that it's like gonna go for
my whole face then I did get this one
there's this kind of like orangey
diarrhea color which isn't great we have
a dark brown and we have this up here
which I'm not sure what this is but
maybe this could also work hang
I actually didn't even realize I got
this again it's gonna be way too dark
from my skin there's no way this is
actually meant for look it has a
demonstration of being a wolf the
Halloween so I don't quite think it's
gonna look my color but once I mess up
the white it should hopefully be a
little bit less darker so I'm not gonna
go with this one let's open the sponges
got my little pot of water for my Beauty
Blender squeeze that oh right and let's
go in so I've got my er my foundation on
my fun oh wow okay it's actually so dark
love that I'm slightly worried at this
point
oh no I actually don't know what's worse
that your foundation or the sponge
okay so we're having two basic can do
this in circular motions as we're not
getting a very far otherwise I do kind
of feel like I miss foliate in my skin
doesn't quite feel as nice as a Beauty
Blender would but hey you know what I'm
getting a Goodis for yet out of it and
he's actually going door blending now
okay so we're nearly there with the
foundation I mean I haven't covered
every area and the top of my forehead is
definitely looking better than the
cheeks I think honesty voci 'qs just
seem to be getting better how many of
where they kind of saw from this sponge
it's actually kind of blended it's less
dark than I originally thought it was
gonna be and I really did not have to
apply a lot to my face I also do feel
like the base did actually help so
that's great so my foundation is now
done and you know what I actually don't
think it looks as bad as I thought it
was originally going to maybe on a two
concealer I've really been thinking
about like how I'm gonna do this from my
big set I have this white color then
almost Lehrer is that kind of like die
rate yellow so I was thinking if I make
surgery together and we might make quite
a nice to see that so I'm gonna give
that a go using this simple brush as
well which I like the reverse brushes
ever made in history time to no without
a little bit this
I don't care over in this palette
because I know I won't use it again and
I'm actually doing nothing on Halloween
maybe you guys have any fans of
Halloween do definitely let me know
certain parts of it is showing up I mean
that's actually not too bad it's just so
hard
it's what would he even going on my skin
not too sure how I feel about this
okay so without blending it in this is
what it's actually looking like it's
again actually not that bad in the end I
do follow it straight without everybody
feel like that your colors are actually
blended together as much I just fall out
they've just kind of gone on separately
but I feel like once I start blending it
in back in with my same sponge that it's
actually probably full roast now both of
them are Browns we've got to try and
wash this off but I think it was I to
stop lending it in maybe the colors will
mix more together the yellow actually
works quite nicely like I actually don't
think that looks that bad yellow
actually works better than the white
does so I probably could use the same
thing as foundation but don't obviously
blend it with the white and stuff and
that probably does contour but I don't
want to break it up a little bit and I
thought you know get get my money's
worth so I'm gonna use this dark brown
up here and again it just with the
sponge just contour how I normally and
normally would actually not being funny
but this actually looks like really good
this looks exactly like my chubby stick
that I use pretty much every single day
I just don't know it's acting in a blend
like it though I guess like before we
just dove in I just really really really
hope that it does stay on my skin
because it hasn't quite done that with
the foundation and yes it's not quite
doing that with the contour
I think the issue is it's applied a
little bit too much this literally is
impossible to even make half decent at
this very much it's actually saw when
you rub it it's so hard to be got a dub
this because when I rub it I only see
these sponges is so like they hurt I
just feel like somehow I'm getting more
in as well
you rub it kind of takes it off and then
if you dab it kind of just reapply is it
again
i dab a more comes on my face then I rub
and it all just comes off so I don't
really know what's best probably taking
it off I hope that usually I would do my
contour a little bit better than this it
doesn't look the Kleenex I leave to look
like I've got baby puke all over me it's
almost like I'm staining of my face as
well like actually look at that that is
so bad and I don't quite know what to do
about it actually look at my face I
think longer have to do its kind of let
it dry and then come back to it just
gonna order myself some food why
something this dry hi I'm cliff it's an
order for delivery please can I please
get chicken with tomato cucumber yeah
that's it thank you thank you bye he's
so like you anyways I got food on the
way I'm life is great and I'm an update
on the face it's still looking I don't
know whether why it is I'm glad did give
me that my tube engine for a blooming
long time I mean it doesn't know so it
is a little bad it does a bad so the
next thing is obviously the blush which
blush is like finally I got this nice
little pink here again I'm not too sure
how it's gonna sit on my face because I
feel like the pink isn't exactly gonna
show up also
they on the water and the sponges hmm
I've just put it all down myself that's
the update I actually forgot I have this
bunch so I'm going to use this because
the water is so various probably shaking
now I forgot I got these two little
sponges with this little set here ah I
mean you probably can't see it that well
on camera maybe it's making me look a
little bit more right but the pink if
that was actually normal like foundation
I feel like it actually won't look too
bad
yeah actually kind of like this it's
probably my favorite step of the makeup
that we've done so far so there's that I
definitely do think it's probably down
to do with this sponge because those
other sponges are horrible so really
thinking about it I did actually get
disconnected with one of the stairs and
it's kind of like an almost see-through
kind of glitter so thinking about it
rather than just using another face pain
I could actually use this maybe as I
highlight and dab it on I think catch
you might look quite pretty I guess I'll
just do the same thing or I just kind of
apply it to my hand right and then just
stop it on yeah because it's that kind
of like
I mean it does look like litter ah it's
kind of cute it would look more like
ilight than probably any other sort of
cream or face paint would it's actually
either this is quiet your idea from me
let me actually already make skin after
this as well
this is my face makeup done I always
always always do the eyes after I know a
lot of people do I stars and then do the
base which in a way kind of makes more
sense but this is my everyday makeup
routine
so it's video yours down below what you
guys do but I was actually quite lucky
when it came to eyes because they did
actually have an eyeliner I mean I don't
know if it's gonna be any different to a
normal eyeliner I feel like it kind of
has two bits in the Halloween section
just spelling it as a Halloween eyeliner
so I don't know what it's gonna be like
however it is called thick black liquid
eyeliner so I feel like this is gonna be
a pretty thick brush and maybe just a
little bit harder to use the new normal
brush but let's actually have a look oh
it's not even much thicker so it's
actually no different but let's actually
see what it's like when I apply it to my
eyes it doesn't look that big but
actually is quite big so the line is
actually quite thick but honestly the
lashes that I've got so ridiculously
dramatic then I feel like I kind of have
to have a liner this thick and actually
applying it over all wasn't too bad it's
very I don't know this is the right word
to use because it sounds really stupid I
was cause a liquidy feel like it still
has already dried so if you smudged this
it would be awful and yeah actually was
a little bit harder to use in my
everyday liner because it does feel a
little bit thicker when you're actually
applying it and it just cool it's got no
point at the end but I still don't feel
like this that's too bad so I'm gonna
apply it on the other eye
I feel like this is that you made such a
different to the whole ER so we're
moving on it two of these lashes these
are they look like they're actually
really pretty there just like
ridiculously over traumatic and they
also have lots of notches but I would
never ever ever stick on fake bottom
lashes I do feel like it would look kind
of crazy and kind of cool but it's just
not something I was doing my normal
everyday makeup routine
oh my goodies she's so nice but this
soda they look so fluffy and just like
over oh nice
the only issue is I don't think I've got
any glue though so no harbors gonna work
I guess I'm gonna balance it just to
show you for now oh my god they've
actually just stuck could you have a
live every now just every single day was
like that let's go with lash number two
I don't know they're supposed to be
sticky or what I'm not being funny but
this whole like sticky last thing is
amazing
no they don't lashes like this but
actually stuck oh my goodness my life
would be so much easier
my very very very favorite step when it
comes to makeup is lipstick so I say mix
they can lip gloss I love lip gloss I
know that I could probably use like this
red paint and maybe it would go on a
little bit better or maybe a lot better
I have thought that I could use this
little brush that I got given and just
put it in with the body okay mmm this
actually does look a little bit like
blood kind of virus
so I've done about two layers but it's
not showing up that much so you can see
it's actually physically dripping now
that's how much I've got it now that's
that we're talking about the blood is
actually dripping Kanna see I've got
about ten layers to get to the stage but
I thought that the redhead she looks
quite nice so if you ever run out open
red lipstick you can always use blood a
little paintbrush naturally doesn't look
half bad
so everyone here is the finished makeup
look I hope you guys do absolutely love
it as much as I do
is it safe to say no matter how good you
are at makeup even if you're the most
amazing makeup artist maybe if you get
like really expensive how do we make of
it my wild but I obviously just got
cheap normal Halloween makeup the a lot
of typical teenagers whatever would just
buy this is how we make a by oh by far
the win honestly this is the footage lip
on it but doing it you know your
thoughts down in the comments below
please do let me know what you are doing
Halloween this year maybe give me some
ideas because I don't know and I'm just
ready for Christmas but it was so kind
of fun doing this video anyways so thank
you so much all for actually watching
don't forget to hit big thumbs up
subscribe down below and go and check
out my blog channel I'm going to go and
eat my take away this still hasn't even
blooming alright yeah so that's what I'm
gonna do in my spare time anyways I hope
you guys enjoyed and I'll see you all
very very very soon mwah bye whoo I
don't want it for my in - you don't want
to hear another touch
