accessories hello everybody and welcome
back to my channel Elle for today's
video again I am joined with my parents
my mom one day and my dad Dhara
Deena so I don't know what you can do in
our house anyway okay Chloe's thing okay
we told each other so as you guys know
I've done a lot of videos of my parents
are you guys somehow seem to really
enjoy them Martha's actually won
majority of the video - then whenever we
ever go anywhere
Darren you definitely won by having it
ya know so this is things going around
more like a boyfriend buys my ex or soda
or whatever however I feel kind of
switch off an issue so I don't be really
funny to give a parent said and they are
going to choose my a sauce order so they
both don this separately there was no
budget but I'm assuming you didn't order
anything weird it was evasive yeah doing
some really but they wouldn't appoint me
that
so they've both bought me an outfit it's
gonna be like a party kind of like red
carpet outfit like a human going out I
had red carpet I just they say I am
proper under though critics never even
shot - I sauce so I hope you guys did
enjoy it's about to like and subscribe
topper like if you guys haven't already
to join the famine also let's try and
get this video to 60,000 lights and make
whatever heart - I know you guys love
these videos like I was gonna link the
other videos like this that you can go
watch after so that will be down below
yeah I hope you guys enjoy and let's get
into the video
right mommy you are starting are you
ready
I'm really hoping it does fit me because
I actually wanted to keep it as an
hour's pay or sure thing I think this I
had to look at the trousers because I
wasn't sure on the size because they're
they look tiny and I couldn't even get
hate my wearing sleeves I hate it that's
really black so this is the no I don't
know knows like the weather you rock out
this is going to be trying to say no
where's that it's got another madman you
can't see in this the fuck is like this
black in yes I'm loving that it's
amazing
okay that is your outfit not this outfit
is because you can't rock it oh look the
weights of tiny so on and show you guys
how to part with a bunch of conflict
among the ways someone to go to school
in that outfit yeah very
I wouldn't purchase this the size small
other size may and I definitely need
this five six because I'm so small
yeah but I would go on like this I wet
clothes but I love all yet trying to
pretty tight trust me Charlie I just
started my turn around turn around
Jody pills so at one point if you don't
like this it's because you're very young
or very old anyone let me go
yes dad this is not this is really free
imagine when you're going from you're
not going to a school
oh okay these are well noise they go
with the with that but the thing is but
a different sort of right but I thought
they're just gonna really clap
not coating it these are absolutely
gorgeous these are for people that have
it is what their ears for anyway anyway
oh no this so you going to see this
outfit Heidi like nickel dime on tees
with this it wouldn't have been sacked
or some nice little tie straight yes and
darling so pretty please
these are gonna right here one hands
down
he's right now egg whites you try old on
put all this together you said yourself
the model had the shoes on with the
dress they did she just looked at
pitiful yeah but a lot of them so what's
wrong with out there I didn't I did make
mine I can say that
yeah yeah but the dress is beautiful
so everyone here I am joined back with
my parents so I felt like that was
actually a lot better than I expected
both of you guys to do really it's yeah
I don't know it's vintage like I know I
think the sizes to be really off because
I really very excited well you don't
like anything I mean yeah yeah yeah yeah
seriously your company so different
yeah completely so I'm really actually
surprised really pleasantly surprised I
feel like they've both done a great job
and I know I say this every single time
I did actually want my dad to win
because he never does but why I'm
genuinely being honest like I'm not just
saying this
I wouldn't completely go out like when I
was Jordan Queen under Davis and I was
like Jordan why aren't you wearing this
glowing
because I had to make that is really
nice it's really nice I can't even get
what you took rat rat rat rat all the
time right we're making yourselves up my
dress was the best one out of all of
them so what's the only dress oh yes
anyways I personally think mom's up it
was really cold damp wasn't any they're
just the accessories just told ya we got
better than I thought yeah but - no
one's really funny is my mom spent 171
pounds
my dad spent 117 yes she gives you the
same amount without even trying to
flatter a boy but let me know by voting
in the bottom er who you thought one and
also let me know down below I'm gonna be
replying to comments and by the way we
did do a behind the scenes of this video
over on my blog in channels you should
definitely go and check it out I'm those
guys in it
sorry anyways guys see you guys see you
guys on the motorway please on that on
in the and the show it is nice you have
a good sale you look lovely on the model
I'm sure stuff gonna pull it off I'm
sure she will all right how do you get
to that line because this laggy meal
