hello everybody and welcome back to my
channel and our for today's video I
thought of a really exciting video idea
for a lot of you guys that follow me on
my social media follow me a lot so a lot
of you guys know I'm obsessed with all
kinds of social media especially
Instagram itself my favorite thing ever
and one thing I particularly love doing
is going live as well as myself going
live I actually love watching you guys
go live so I like a lot of like fan
accounts and stuff I love you guys so I
thought why not watch you guys and go
live and record them record their
reactions record my reactions because
honestly I don't know I don't know how I
do it but somehow people get really
excited know like oh my god that amazing
but people get excited and it's really
cool so I just thought why not do it
because it's really fun that you guys
love when I join your live stream so
yeah it'll be really good and also I
feel like on Instagram we don't actually
ever get to see that many people's fate
I mean you do the person yourself but
our fan pages don't
so it's broke sightings go yeah let's
bring it on okay so I really hope you
guys do enjoy this video if you enjoyed
video z' where I get so basically react
and surprise and prank viewers and all
stuff like that then give this video a
big thumbs up let's try and get to
40,000 likes subscribe down below and
let's get into the video
okay so just to make sure that people
went live so I put a little thing on my
story it says a flippin love watching
you guys go live let me know if any of
you guys ever do so for that I'm sorry
hope rating the people go live and I
believe some people that already full I
have gone live and people commented on
my recent pictures so I'm very excited
so I'm gonna sort of with one of the
accounts that I do follow and this is
saffron Barkin and South Park of 12
she's definitely going to go out and to
join Hawaii of the day and slope like
faster no cryin so I'm just gonna get
the same reaction on what she's gonna
give but let's give it a go let's trade
Hawaiian stream huh she's got my mad
shop on yes you know okay
come on ready
we're gonna bet hey go hey oh wait
you're hey sup oh oh my god did everyone
like immediately goes like this oh what
a good joke about something yes I'm
going to stay calm now I'm gonna stay
calm laughing I'm gonna say I'm gonna
say come oh my god hey oh wait oh my god
thank you so much okay okay I'm okay
again tell her she's on a video okay
ready you're on my video reaction to
this okay ready
Thank You saffron I become this time
which is so good you are my video I love
that goes so much okay we need to
reunite again it's a good joke can we
join yes it's suffering on no she's not
yes yes oh no it's so funny how
immediately everybody's watchin is like
let you put the hard over there now
oh my god no you don't I don't know how
to do it the skin is so perfect
oh my God look at them I can't even do
it when they give them a massive hug
okay so next up let's join okay
somebody's Bop is she uh she lied but I
know she ended it last time let's give
it a go come on go yeah oh wow she's
beautiful as well see it's so funny but
everybody's immediately I'm just gonna
know like yes if I was faced with an
immediate reaction would be that but
it's something I love you too oh my god
I wish they couldn't see me right now I
so should just face like whoom right
what the hell what the hell oh my god
she's add to this sweetie it's so funny
because I see Lauren like comment on so
many of my self so many people it was
like these don't know how peak somehow I
was like honey straight away and then I
went to join haven't you internet she's
back wait should I guess huh does that
would be pretty cool dad I get right I'm
gonna get Lauren now this is gonna be so
much fun well I think we've done with a
couple anyway that's gonna come with me
my new video it's like currently
recording my screen I like
look how like this girl just waiting and
in Florida five minutes ago I'm gonna go
to get that ready you can be in it as
well I said why do my toner you're now
in the video
okay ready we're gonna go live in Lauren
okay ready thank you for all of your
support it really means so much to me
thank you so changes wrong oh you're
acting as sweet as I can't even do uh
how old are you I'm fourteen fourteen oh
my goodness I wish I look like that 14
oh wait I think James is here as well hi
James
everyone here that everyone's in the
live stream everyone loves you there you
go oh my god that was so cute oh my
goodness it's so need to start getting
people more because it's so much fun
okay we're now gonna join I love you SAP
bang bang let's go okay
do you know is my heart so happy as well
it is the fact that like my viewers
become friends of each other
and that literally is how we have this
one big family and it's like the best
thing ever
my heart is actually gonna like I think
I'm gonna die
no please breathe after I met her so
obviously if you're in prime what he
gonna get her range but I was like my
brain went to mush after I met her and
my yeah I didn't buy it I let you for
what by the range it's so funny how they
started talking about me and I'm just
sitting here like listening whether it
be so cool you could just do that all
the time though thank you for getting me
I've got honored oh my god honestly I'm
so it's so funny because every like the
life you have one on gone on -
everybody's given the exact same
reaction I know like you're amazing I
love you
you know I'll be honest guys I really do
apologize my camera actually just died
so hence if I like in a different
position or whatever but there was so
much fun I really enjoyed it thank you
so much big shout out to all my fan
pages you guys genuinely mean so much to
me I'm so grateful for all of your
support and honestly like I had loved
you guys like each and every one of you
so so so much I don't want to keep
rambling on but this video was so much
fun to film I really hope you guys did
enjoy and if you do enjoy videos like
this then you know what to do let me
know if I Sasha the like subscribing
down below commenting down below and
also I did do some videos kind of like
similar to this where I face some
viewers and I poured for yours so if you
want to see those videos as well I will
get those down below but yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed and hopefully I get to see
you guys very soon bye
