everyone and welcome back to my channel
I am so excited because today is the
first of October for me that's kind of
like when autumn and full start so like
I am so excited right now guys and I
thought you know to get in the spirit
why don't get a new filming background
have a look at this I might totally
obsess if you follow my vlogs you
definitely would know that because I
brag on about this all the time
I just love autumn it's my favorite time
of the year and yeah I just really feel
like I'm getting in the vibe right now
oh yeah and the fun fact about me is
actually my middle name sir for an
awesome Barker that would be why guys no
that's not wide but like you know that's
pretty cool anyways so I hope you guys
are doing into this video this is my
first for native video or autumn
elective video whatever you want to call
it UK USA whatever um but yeah I hope
you guys to enjoy it it's my realistic
for morning routine so to be honest guys
I really don't wake up looking like a
princess I could have pretended that I
did if you do follow my vlogs you're
gonna be like saffron you just don't
wake up or you just don't look like that
so no so here it is my realistic full
morning routine if you do relate to this
then let me know down in the comments I
hope you guys enjoy so much a like and
subscribe down below if you guys haven't
already and yeah I hope you guys enjoy
so let's get in to the video oh who
doesn't hate that awful sound of the
alarm going off in the morning
once I'm awake it takes a couple of
minutes to come around and then the
first thing I do is check my social
media obviously when I finished like in
your comments and commenting back it's
time to make that first move
the thing about autumn mornings is it's
not cold enough to have the heating on
but too cold to get out of bed without
it hugged in there guys I get there in
the end slippers on and it's a brace to
get downstairs where it's hopefully
warmer this is my dog Bella she's
usually there to greet us when we come
downstairs in the morning
a hot drink is a must on autumn morning
and I'm using this cute mug that was
actually a gift from a viewer so thank
you for that
not being a lover of tea or coffee my
go-to Anand drink is hot water and a
slice of lemon it smells amazing and is
great for detoxing and cleansing and
since the art for the rest of the day
this morning I'm treating myself to hot
cross on
I'm having honey with these and a few
raspberries on the side just to make
myself feel better early well this is
actually what you doing on the harp it
is waiting for them to heat up yes it's
true I would usually dance around with a
dog to pastime I did say it was
realistic right paws right come on
should we stop
back to my room and I've warmed up I
usually make my bed so I'm not tempted
to climb back in it
aren't you just loving my autumnal theme
at the moment
I usually just wash with water in the
morning as I will do my skincare routine
the night before and yes by the way that
was toupees that just dropped down my
top
was it autumn morning without having a
candle there especially if their bath or
body rots because by the way they're my
favorite ever a so begins the morning
ritual of applying makeup be sure to
look out for some of my other videos
sisty tutorials coming very soon order
makeup is definitely my absolute
favorite I love the dark lipsticks in
the orange brown pallets whatever hair
and makeup is done that's me all set for
the rest of the day so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and yeah hope yes you
guys very soon bye everyone
I hope you can all relate it to my
realistic morning routine I feel like
maybe a lot of you could and if you wake
up like a princess and yeah I'm pretty
jealous of you but I just I definitely
do not but so let me know down below if
you can relate to this and smash alike
if you guys it did enjoy it as well also
before you next with this video be sure
to go check out some my other videos and
there will be so many more for and
autumn in its videos to come so be sure
to go and keep an eye out for that as
well or you can read the little bowel
button down below as well because then
you're getting a notified yeah anyways I
hope you guys do enjoy and hopefully
I'll see you very soon bye
