good morning Roy squaw district girl
clean Vienna cut once again back with
another video and I'm not showing you
guys my face right now because I'm
showing you my beautiful view right now
we are located in Philly this is our
stop and this is a typical morning we
just got off the tour bus this morning
and this is a typical morning for me and
clear players on a toilet yeah I got the
top half of your body don't worry unless
you're gonna get the Bob who was gold so
clear that oil I am still in my onesie I
still haven't took off my makeup last
night I was supposed to but I really was
so tired and I didn't want to take it
off on the tour bus cuz it's the whole
process so I'm gonna probably take off
my makeup right now my face is like
still beat in the morning
I just love rebel but I'm gonna take off
my makeup you know I know it's really
bad to sleep and make a rebel told me
already Claire told me but it's like the
other days I did good and took it off
like right after the show but this
particular time I just I don't know like
I wanted to chill I didn't want to do
all the extra so I'm gonna take my
makeup off and probably take a shower
and then like we'll get something to eat
or whatever but do you want to see the
process of me taking off on me cuz
actually I don't know
Oh Christy
I put on my black mask y'all because I
left my makeup on overnight and I got a
mask so I'll get no pimples but anyway I
basically use the oil-free I make it
remover the Gagne skin active my cellar
cleaning water you can't really see the
label and some make it white some cut
around and I also use Noxzema pads to
like cleanse my skin after I'd use the
makeup removers and I also have a pink
red mask that rebel gave me rejuvenating
cucumber and pink saw clay mask this is
a really good one too and it's ten
minutes and detoxes and clear your skin
I use it like more than a black mask I
just felt like I really I haven't messed
with the black stuff since like I don't
know I just barely do it I did this more
so well what I like to start doing right
now is editing my video from yesterday
and then I'll get back to vlog in this
video so your girl is working today is
day five but there's no show today today
all rest day clears always coughing when
he brushing his teeth like when he
trying to like get back there and his
throat he always gagging but that's a
good thing that's a good thing for a guy
we doing right now I'm petting him
you're gonna get some big eats big did
you get the text our guess what yeah I
didn't get a chance to take a shower you
know why cuz I came in and I was working
that was petty so you put this on me
okay and then I started vlogging again
so that means I have to eat well my
dirty selling why are you dressed like
Winnie I'm saying because I take shower
not gonna finish just cuz you win in
that shot that's that's our thing no all
right jerk chicken recipes mac and
cheese
so we are now embarking I just woke up
from the bus my bed and a Java Sea yeah
I just woke up so I went inside to
McDonald's to use a bathroom and then
everybody was getting McDonald's and I
was like I don't want them so the doctor
claims so that we could go so I have
beer now and I have get it clear picture
old man dance you know and they got some
good music in here Thomas 8 is now then
he's taste better so I'm back in my bed
I know I shouldn't lay down after eating
two seconds
yeah clarified it again you don't care
I do I know you but then em you guys
didn't need to check this out really
baking I just finished my meet-and-greet
or bosses and I have to start my show
and Patty and Claire's in here too
coming on each off of yous
definitely you can lose your shirt is
off look everybody Claire has his shirt
off look all right come on pal this is
what you got here all y'all petty take
his shirt off
keep taking off his shirt Patti why you
stop look ladies if you want Patti y'all
better get him now wait turn that light
off right guess I could feel good yeah
double-size yeah
clay both of the buttons at the top at
the same time no those two did you
present clickable all right now I see
you better
ladies I told y'all do not back down on
this slab of New York strip steak he's
waiting for you he's waiting for you
all right pedi waiting nothing as far as
clear
I know y'all waiting on him but I'm
waiting on him too so I don't know how
that's gonna go
smile babe
cuz you're so cute
Fresh deodorant I'm saying alright yeah
so I just ended a very very good show as
jockey and glam is beautiful the game
today I got the cut crease
yeah the pack is on eBay yeah but we had
a brother really good show once again I
have my staff with me so I had down
myself I got a black tank top he's like
let there Spain leggins my queen and
this cute little like yellow mustard
blazer and rebels necklaces
you know this is on your face so I only
had seven minutes and 50 seconds on my
video and I wasn't on uploading video
actually because it's too short and I
just think it's dumb but I am at the st.
Louis show about to perform my to eat
and then do a meet and greet and then
perform see y'all like my hair's Terry
Mia anyway I'm a squirrel dude I mean
great then do my concert this is st.
Louis where I found out I was pregnant
this is why I found out I was pregnant
young st. Louis was crazy crazy
I also don't even know right now like
what yes honey yes yes yes yes all right
y'all
I don't mean lazy drummer in this long
but I have his face of me right um my
iron drop from a nine point four to a
seven point seven
and before I have that c-section I have
to get my iron up somehow
the doctor said that I should go get
this thing called flora Dix it's a
liquid iron form and take a little shot
everyday like 10 milliliters a thing I
can't do it I heard that was nasty
anything nasty will make you throw up
can't take a pill because I do it so a
job please please please
pray for me
that they let me get an iron infusion
instead I would rather go to the doctors
or in the hospital and let them put an
IV in my arm fire because I will not sit
here and she'd taking these pills every
day but I know I need arm because the
baby Renzo because I just don't want to
lose a lot of blood you know there am I
still might fate all right all right so
um yeah I'm gonna say back to the blog
and start a new one
Hey
are you good
