one severide - squad is your girl clean
being to cut once again back with
another video and it is day three of
tour day three and I want so
what's the difference between barbecuing
soul food thank you barbecue got like
burgers and light yeah barbecued ribs
great I'll ribs ribs burgers I got so
full size as a barbecue place as you
guys can see we are looking for food
right now we out we are in Charlotte
North Carolina they want you to know
what you mean you know so then what
you're gonna do wait I got about three
video four videos we are so why haven't
you put them out clear I haven't edited
yolk when you've been on a plus you'd be
a very pretty I guess anyway yes your
fault
North Carolina's beautiful dreams
look at us got sovereign super exciting
they're so brave
right here you need to feel about a look
of it that is gonna be good German
chocolate right here I don't know what
that is
look good though strawberry cake start
out with and Lord this melt good that's
my sound guy Doug this is a tour manager
this is a DJ that's my other security
guard me this is my future my future is
my managers pleasure and this is mr.
Clarence the driver
oh my god oh my gosh my ribbing the rice
with the collard green and mac and
cheese I am and ripped it Oh My Lord
Jesus
oh my lord I gotta say so it's day four
now you guys good morning yesterday was
day three rest day today my show is in
Charlotte North Carolina so I will be
going to give my nails Center right now
need clear and beats the security guard
we're gonna get our nails and toes done
and then we'll head to the venue early
thug get glammed up we are leaving the
hotel this was a really nice hotel by
the way we stayed at the Hyatt and so we
are all packed up and get ready for our
stuff on the money so I am starting the
day off with getting my feet done so
it's clear though is Georgie third
muscle city girl
I feel a little protective right now but
these dogs if they can't take them off
in enough time
I'm just wait I get back to New York to
go to Jenny Mickey D's on I get his feet
tickle huh
yeah you could follow it down a little
bit Claire get his feet tickles
he got nice feet though he's I'm like a
magazine yeah you got everything
oh that big ol long toe in the middle
let's see what these feet over here to
talk about security guard please you
know here's the security guard with
these feet
I mean let me zoom in on Georgie's
Georgiy got bully feet get my makeup
done right now as you guys see by the
red bow so I just finished my show y'all
and you want to know the real funny
thing a lot of people say I don't have
style but I definitely styled myself
today and I feel good about it and I
think that I am coming into more of like
myself and being myself and I felt
really really happy about it um you know
I used to have a hard time trying to
find things to wear and things like that
trying to find what I like but I can
switch it up in I like that um actually
I didn't have anything to wear but I had
like I got this outfit in a bunch of the
outfits within like 15 minutes today I
Nordstrom and I'm thinking maybe I
should do a shopping haul for y'all one
day to show y'all
ha shot this whole look is so cute this
hat right here is not my hat this is
actually my keyboardist Nate's hat and I
asked him could I wear last-minute but
without the Hat it's like I had like a
you know I'm like a sleek a sleek hair
look but I really want to wear the hat I
think that looks good
this um this like jacket coat I got from
Nordstrom and this is like a top a top
shot oh my god Renzo lor he's coming out
crazy look at him
this is a Topshop dress and they're my
boots are for from forever 21 and I love
these boots these are nice boots anyway
what I want to do is go and get on the
tour bus and we are heading from
Charlotte North Carolina to Greensboro
and Greensboro is like two and a half
hours away I have a show tomorrow in
Greensboro and I hear
about to be lit because they got
homecoming so shout out to Greensboro
hopefully y'all lit for me I'm sands and
I will see y'all on the bus in the next
clip after I take my makeup off even
though this makeup is so cute like Reb
will really be slaying my face but I
have to like keep I'm gonna keep my skin
right so I always like take my makeup
off like right come on rebel you know
get my stuff rebels gonna get it done
but I just wanna say how much I
appreciate him so much you know I wear a
blessing to each other yes you know I'm
saying fine he be doing extra stuff that
he don't ever have to do he just my
makeup artist but he's more than acting
calm on FaceTime and ask him to give me
feminine products at the store if I need
it I'm saying he got me if I'm a hair
stylist like lash Tague lash Tague mic
like he's on one side and not only that
one CJ's around you play with CJ like
man like get y'all the rebels get your
rebel period yes AI stop vlogging well
last night I did we got on the bus
pretty much just went to sleep the whole
time so it was nothing to vlog but
ramble once again always hooking me up
period period period I'm in my wing to
pull one see y'all I'm gonna be
awareness like all the time my
truthfully until like ride a whole tour
between this and a pink roll y'all gonna
have to get used to it
period I got an outfit over here it's
like this yellow mustard Jack kid with
the plaid black and white skirt I'm
gonna show you how I look after I got it
from Nordstrom to once again I'm styling
myself again today so I'm see how y'all
like it look for now imma get my makeup
done and this is me barefaced about to
my fellow check in my room
in my sleep but and really don't care
what you guys say about me because 2 2 2
2 2 1 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2
hi Gianna hey hey don't like my makeup
today it is a yeah having like a nude
lip a new matte lip would like a far I
rebel rebel just be hooking me up
darn it yeah they freaking slayed me
once again thanks to my girlfriend
Brandi right baby
yes Brandi for coming through last
minute and Greensboro no sand shots are
done each eye here done it is mostly all
right yeah I feel like a classical but
you know a classical sensational this is
a nice little classy look you know you
can see my bump still
the Doc Martin boots yum saying well
then I doc martens they pass they
pronounce ar-15 you understand but yeah
maybe I got my stuff and I like I like
it
I just finished my show yeah it was a
great show we are finally leaving
we finally leave in North Carolina yeah
we're finally leaving North Carolina it
was great
I love you I love you in C I'm probably
gonna get on the bus afterwards there's
a for Robert well we're gonna go to
Boston for my next show but we're gonna
stop in Philly cuz it's like a four
hours of four well eight hour drive so
we gonna stop halfway there probably
shower and stuff in the morning and then
go to Philly
so Oh didn't go to Boston so that's how
I'm doing um I hope you guys are
enjoying the vlogs coming your way
and I'm going to start a day five blog
tomorrow morning then you guys will see
that vlog next
