it's a girl queen and it is day two of
my tour as you can see we got Nate over
there rep over there you know my makeup
artist and keyboardist and then we got a
whole bunch other people we got clear
morning so yesterday was day one and
we're in Virginia we bout to leave
Virginia yesterday was a successful day
paddy ain't clear almost got killed in
the crowd though yesterday I don't know
whose idea that was Jason I'd kiss it
probably I'm thinking is important next
thing you know I'm in public yeah yeah
it was about to really get straight in
the crowd like it's a big pill for this
but don't make it hard but I'm not to
eat my breakfast we got our breakfast
patties that is nasty
what'd you think
Claire Claire don't do that you gotta
put salt and pepper on a couple in the
bus this is a background security
everybody bout to go right by this way
hold it you don't say me and Claire
gonna be back here most the time we get
to shut the door for privacy my bad
right here yeah but really we're gonna
be sleeping together so oh no what'd he
do they oh we thank you
hi Georgie you know what I forgot what
to take a pillow from the hotel
microwave freezer fridge I'm saying
kitchen TV got the bathroom in here we
got like this bathroom what we got like
the showers I'm saying so be a neat
things about to lay back here on a small
couch and cuddle together but I don't
care how smart is conscious we gonna
cuddle hi rebel how you doing hi Claire
just fart in spring and leak he closed
the door open the door Lee come here
stop running away little that we need to
stop we got a boo boo bleep know who's
winning over there mattad come here Lee
that was bad those those dead eyes
that's what I pictured I hate them Higgs
this is a Bezier line petit ever ended
it's not wriggling out four years all
right there we go it's time to do some
cheek spin ice cocoa brown chocolate
skin with them with the scruffy petit at
the top I'm sick of playing it just nice
and lean like a slab of steak like a
lean New York strip steak he'll have you
laughing you feel me and once again
patty said he does something well but
I'm not gonna say patty what Claire you
did it on five run in Jujuy I'm so tired
and truly I'm glad we start here I got a
bleep everybody mama up in this door
don't none of y'all better ask for
nothing you hear me don't pick up
nothing in the store ain't got no money
I got just enough all right mom
don't touch nothin and if you do I'm
poppin your hand it's all right but I
ran out of feminine wash
scuse me you guys go over there
everybody needs to get adult diapers
because since we can't move on a bus we
can't keep stopping leave leave go grab
some diapers for yourself
El Nino debuts yes you do you do because
you go every second well I'm gonna leave
stopping this Dan must every second well
well that's why I'm going to booboo on
the bus oh I ain't getting off this bus
um listen fire cars pulled up in the
past five minutes okay girls here
literally goes higher yo
and the boys is up there playing the
game it's like a college party in here
what's goodies blob once yeah one Claire
who won he lost it man he lost me where
did you win okay what happened you Laura
wanted to kill you man you cold
they're both freezing can I get two yeah
I'm a blonde at the same oh no way to
sound check
excuse me thank you yep I got our user
and this is a dressing room I got a can
I use the bathroom he's so sweet over
there getting ready with the makeup
you've got you when you first come in
it's a big area space I'm saying they
got a piano in here the guy I read the
Franklin on the wall so you know see
that's a good sign got the bathroom here
and guess what's in this room peel
there's a whole Jacuzzi in here like is
lit it's really really lit but wait let
me see oh I think I'm pregnant I can't
even get in here I'm pregnant
y'all look at this this is a whole
nother part this hole is lit want to
take a shower yeah I'm so sleepy
but I'll wait for my select in the car
look
that's what I did I just did my meet and
greet o-rings I was movie he moving in
my others good go first of all why is he
getting that hot so I'm about to go on
you guys we love that on onesies he
looks so good
it sucks though that he's wearing a way
to pull one you and I'm not being paddy
magic him and Patti bitches yeah and
this is days too
so hey I'm about to be out for this blog
and I hope you guys enjoy
you
