what's that word flash go clean me once
again back with another video I'm in the
back of the uber right now rushing
rushing to the airport I don't know why
I always do this to myself always like
procrastinate or I get like I don't even
think i procrastinate I just get ready
so slow I'm moving so slow at everything
that I do and Here I am again try not to
miss another flight because I missed my
last play and I have to go perform in
New York for this Laura Stiles women's
empowerment program thing and I'm
supposed to be getting there right
before I perform I was supposed to be
make it ready and everything and Here I
am once again and just
in over probably gonna miss it hopefully
I don't know there's a raining outside
y'all I can see the traffic is a little
better we not like riding straight
through just pray for me on my birthday
just passed had a wonderful birthday I'm
pretty sure you all seen the video I
haven't been recording much from my
channel or really the royal family we've
really been slacking really hard is
because a regular business stuff eating
because we just want to slack but it
gets hard like I said it gets hard so I
guess whenever I post a video I just I
post it but yeah I'm just blogging I
just figured I'd blog I end up missing
my flight I knew I was gonna miss it but
I messed around and I paid three hundred
and twenty more dollars to get on a
flight so get there at the same time and
I don't regret it y'all really don't
migrate it because Lee would have been
really really mad at me because this is
the second time I've missed my flight
but I just take it as you know a
consequence I had to pay some more money
but it's cool because the show that I'm
doing I get paid for anyway so and I
don't to let everybody down need
because I'm supposed to perform so I
think is I haven't done my makeup yet
but truthfully I don't even know if I'm
gonna do my makeup cuz I don't know I
kind of like the bare face today I kind
of like the bare face
we got a tolerating you know that peanut
butter crackers combos some gum cuz my
brother's gonna be singing after I eat
that peanut butter finally on my flight
y'all y'all can die here clear because
they're my hips I look okay I am i
neither let me kids
me laying in they write my water
alright y'all so I'm finally here at the
venue with Lee
poor baby she can see I'm not to perform
these couple it's only a couple couple
songs write two songs for the role or
styles of it y'all and I'm bouncing
booth clears not with me by the way
clears it so I'm going back to my
massage if I was gonna stay there
tomorrow I'm flying to LA for the BET's
Soul Train Awards cypher okay don't tell
me I'll get there back nigga all that
coming through a my vanilla coke get my
throat cold my sour patches of my
Reese's thank you you can't do with a
cup of cold I'm about to try raps next
for the first time so hold on let me see
what reaction I get to it oh yeah so
this is a this is a Fetty WAP rats neck
alright this is a Fetty WAP Rex neck so
this is woman do i'ma eat one if you
happen
yeah baby oh my god I'm trans if anyone
yeah I'm like here what's the fellow
senior pretty soon as you came in the
door Wow what happened okay
it's Lobos D up in here baby my kids my
kids getting hit wow so this rap snack
actually making sure it's a rapper nice
darn it I wish I could have recorded
y'all back I didn't I went out there and
I uh performed too quick but the crowd
was filling me I'm seeing a crowd always
filming you know I'm saying hopefully I
get some footage from them you know the
internet internet post everything but
we're about to go to peop o
peop you thinking I can't sing say P o a
great shot okay say PEO I feel that
write me a check with no coma huh I got
a check for you it's the next morning
y'all and got my makeup off and I'm just
laying in this bed really I'm supposed
to be flying to LA to do the cypher for
the BT Train Awards and I know I know
it's a really big it's a really big
opportunity for me but I'm not feeling
too well and I'm also not feeling too
well about the cypher because the beat
that was sent just don't seem like I
could put medicine or Karma to it and
the last thing I want to do is get up
here and make myself look stupid because
I'm a really recruited I'd rather not do
it and wait and wait to the opportunity
to come around again don't look then
make myself look stupid so I'm trying to
Carly but this woman is not answering
the phone
I don't know she probably owned a bunch
of business cause like every day
and I really just don't want to I don't
want to take the flight to LA anymore
and I understand that you know it's
last-minute but usually that's like
usually that's how I do stuff like are
you so less than it was stuffing I know
it ain't right but I just
I'd be changed my mind about stuff for
good reasons so we're gonna see if I'm
still gonna be able to go I mean I'm
still gonna go or not
but I really don't want to look at my
nails too like I could be using this day
to get my nails done I have a title
event okay I have to perform at title in
New York with lo Wayne and Kodak black
and all these other huge people and my
nails not even done so you mean to tell
me i'ma go to LA today do the site for
catch a red-eye back to New York get to
New York at 8 o'clock in the morning I
have no time to do my nails cuz like no
and then Jenny wanted to do my nails
today since I'm in New York so I I
really need to take this time to like
pamper myself and stuff like that but
anywho I just wanted to
I just wanted to talk about how good my
birthday went and I know that y'all
already seen the video so y'all fight
tired of hearing about it but y'all just
don't understand that that's the best
birthday I ever had and I am so grateful
and I'm so like blown away with how much
effort Claire put into my birthday and
something that he made me like remember
is chivalry and I'm not used to chivalry
and that's the stuff that old old-school
guys used to do back in the day
gentlemen smooth like he's so smooth
with it and he always say that like well
actually I'll leave that to him to talk
about I'm not gonna go in today but to
grow up and have his mom raise him he
came out pretty well he came out pretty
well I will be doing a boyfriend
appreciation video to let y'all know
just about Claire a little bit more
insight of things that people don't know
about um he was gonna do one too for me
like vice versa how he like really was
like a true friend he still is a true
friend to me and we really helped each
other out like it hasn't been nothing
bad that's happened since I've met him
nothing coming from him ain't nothing
negative came from him and he said the
same thing with me and Lee is calling me
back let's see what she say me me I
don't want to do the cypher can we
please cancel it I know I know that you
irritated I know I said I want to do it
like why so Lee is telling me that we
can't cancel because this is the same
lady that we can sit on before because
I think I was sick or something like
that and if I don't do this they whole
lineup for the Soul Train Awards will be
messed up I don't want to do that but
it's like at the same time I don't want
to look stupid so we gonna have to come
to a median we don't have to come to a
medium but um she about to call me back
on three-way with the girl so we gonna
figure it out we're gonna figure it out
so where nobody being happy cuz like I
said I don't I don't look stupid um but
yeah I got a boyfriend appreciation
video coming soon my birthday was so my
birthday was just so beautiful the horse
and carriage is everything and I sit and
I'm looking at all my gifts like my
bracelet y'all like he got me all
diamond bracelet and look at how it just
glisten I couldn't shower with it all
this stuff I can't really take it off
because this is worth a lot of money he
spent a lot of money on me he said he
like blacked out in his store like going
from store to store like I love it in I
love my my necklace he got me it was
this was like the necklace that went to
my ring that everybody was talking about
but I love my ring so it's a little a
little small diamond in the middle but
it's be very very like simple and pretty
and it's meaningful and also my marine I
love my ring as well this is a rose gold
ring it has like a heart I'm pretty sure
everybody know on social media and in
the middle and in the middle right here
like I can't there's a VDS in there too
and then I'm rocking my Gucci messenger
bag that he gave me and like y'all I've
been wearing a supreme back forever or
outward like the Balenciaga bag and I
love my baby my Balenciaga bag but it's
just nice to have something new Plus
this is a lot he has a lot more room
it's still small cuz I like little small
stuff um I like big bags too but like I
don't wear them everyday so you know but
this is like just the right size to fit
my camera in to fit everything like
stuff I need that's a like I've never
had you know I'm saying Gucci messenger
it is so nice
everything from the scarf the perfumes
the the outfits from pink I packed every
one of my outfits my pink and took them
with me to New York this is a perfect
time to have like a bunch of sweat suit
outfits because I'm getting bigger and I
want to be comfortable and still cute
and I look cute and every one of my
outfits and y'all honestly I'm not gonna
hold y'all up I don't really go and pink
and buy the stuff because I'd be like
okay this is a little bit too expensive
for for some doggone leggings I just go
to forever 21 and like I'm still like
that y'all like it's so weird I will
spend money on other people but I won't
do it for myself and that's one thing
that I need to stop doing I need to
start treating myself but I just need
feeling like I could get away with this
I'd get away with that like I'm not
materialistic so you know he he got me
somewhat realistic stuff but it had a
meaning to it so and every gift was
perfect I appreciate every gif it don't
matter what nobody else said about
whatever it's not about what everybody
else like it's about what Queen likes
and I appreciate it everything and I
genuinely love everything you know how
some people get a gift maybe like oh
this is this is nice but they really
don't like it because they try to be
nice to the person no that's not me I
really loved every single gif he got and
and I appreciate it and now he's made it
really hard for me to top his birthday
because we'll be on tour December 8th
leaving from Canada going back to the US
and I can't fly at this point I can't
fly
cuz I'm being too big so I got to figure
out a way to maneuver this cuz we're
gonna be in a tour bus maybe I can ask
the tour bus driver to stop somewhere
and in a different state or something I
just gotta figure this out because ain't
no way just think I gonna turn up on me
on my birthday and I can't turn them
back on him so and then after that I
have the baby my baby Renzo's birthday
cuz his actual birthday I'm birthing him
then after that I got my baby CJ's
birthday so I got all these birthdays
you don't Santa to worry about I'm
excited but I'm gonna go ahead and end
this in this vlog and I hope you guys
are happy with the fact that I even
uploaded because I barely upload now but
I love you guys so much and thank y'all
for being my supporters let me tell
y'all let me just say one more thing
don't nobody turn up like royalty squad
I swear like I go to like a show and it
be like a bunch of other performers and
stuff like that and the crowds they be
nice and lit but soon as I come out
there you know it's royalty squad and
they be they be screaming like they be
really like support and going hard quite
heavy so I just appreciate my whole
royalty squad and I love every single
one you guys and I was shocking me all
the other but it's impossible but I just
want to say I appreciate y'all without
y'all a lot of this wouldn't happen so
um yeah I'm go ahead in this video love
y'all
