girl communica what's the game back with
and then the video in my car doors open
because I walk into it I just had to
keep the good light or whatever and um
ouch and I'm about to get in my car and
go to the store y'all know I'm going
public so now you do know I'm one of
Publix to get on some food to cook today
because nuclear I doing a cooking video
together but anywho I got a freaking
story to tell y'all yesterday or last
night was the first time ever where I
got it followed I was getting followed
and I was so freaking scared but I
wasn't alone but I guess I'll tell you
all that I guess I thought you got when
I when I get this out the way we haven't
ate all day so I'm about to start
driving real quick even yeah it's one to
my truck
so yeah I'm finally in door I gotta tell
you out his story yesterday somebody's
text me what were they giving away
samples I'm sitting here trying to get
some food we're cooked and I'm eating
samples okay I didn't got stuck right
here I'm gonna grab you because I love
you all coffee cakes I could drink
you're like hot chocolate um I decided
we're gonna make chili dogs for right
now because I feel fair one and then
excuse me and then we're gonna make
chicken alfredo for the video
so
anywho let me tell you yesterday no last
night okay yesterday I spent the whole
day with my mom am i my sister my
brother but I woke up late I woke up
around like maybe 12 I was coming yeah
I'm say 12 and then like I'm a
procrastinator I had like hair glue
stuck well hair tape stuck in my hair my
lashes was still not done I had an
appointment yesterday morning at 8:30 in
the morning and I woke up at 12 so I
missed that my hair was looking up a
mess so I didn't get to my mom's house
so probably like that evening say 7:00
and so I want to spend a whole day with
them but we which I still want to do
something fun because listen I'm always
been out of town my birthday is coming
up soon and I wasn't gonna be able to
you know spend my birthday with them or
nothing like that so in your wheel
we um I get there and we decide to go to
juicy crab and then and then go bowling
and then go home the car pumpkin so
fast-forward to pops art just wait hold
on wait I got a pig this food this girl
just irritated my whole soul so since I
left my basket right here on the side of
cars she gonna look at me in her car
like just looking at me like why did I
leave the basket here like first of all
stay in your car and if you want this
basket to go back where it belongs
I'm saying get out your car and go get
it but don't look at me like why you
leaving your basket there like first of
all you across from me like the best is
not doing nothing to your car but any
hoop yeah I got a drive home
so anyway fast forwarding to win we go
to Walmart to get the pumpkin the carb
and stuff right it's me my mom Tina's
real Trey and his three sisters his mom
is waiting on us enter at my mom's house
so we getting all the stuff Trey taking
all day I'm saying all days freaking
long I'm slow and he's slow too but like
I would definitely say that Trey is
slower than me like when it comes to
moving yeah like he's definitely slower
to me so anywho we in the checkout get
getting the pumpkins and then this guys
just started on this guy this older guy
I was really surprised that he watch our
stuff he came up like Queen in like you
know we just like talking a little bit
but like he just rambling on and on and
on and on I'm just like okay I'm ready
to go like it's rude to hold somebody up
here this long no one I'm trying to like
get out the store the whole time this
got talking to us there's another guy
that works at Walmart and he has I think
he work outside though he only got the
Walmart vest on or nothing like that but
he works probably outside cuz he have
him like this high yellow vest you know
I'm talking about
he got dreads these green eyes and like
he like light-skinned or whatever he
looked like a little young but he look I
don't know maybe like in this in his
late 20s but he just like eyeballing me
and mom I didn't notice it at first my
mom noticed it but he just kept looking
at me but he kept walking back and forth
walking back and forth like past
pass us but like looking back at me and
this Annette and it just looked real
suspect so my mom like come on let's you
know go to the car and this Annette we
leave out we go to the car and
everything like that he disappears and
um and my like all this is paid for
let's say somebody's in my parking spot
so Trey's free and Stan was with us you
know the light-skinned one with that
with the colored eyes and he'd be
singing - I didn't know trace I'll
return it I did not know that thing was
riding his own car I thought he was
riding with trade a whole time so we
leave and everything like that and
didn't trace following my mom and it's a
it's a black color behind trade but it's
like following him everywhere he goes so
my mom like I think one of them um I
think somebody following us I'm about to
pull into the gas station and I'm see if
he turned in so so he turned in after
the guy said she was like see I know he
following us so I start getting scared
and stuff I start praying I'm like Lord
we being follow in this in it I'm like
protector it's like should i call 9-1-1
like all this stuff and so my mom
started going in a circle around the gas
tank thing and Trey was following us and
start going a black car kept following
us around in the circle then I'm like my
like my mom start tripping and I start
tripping and did my brother to roll in
the back roll down the window trying to
say hey what's up with you I'm like
nigga roll the window back up you'll
know what that person could have he
could have a gun or whatever like you
can't do nothing you ain't strapped so
then my mom like getting scared and
stuff she halfway rolling down her
window talk about the blood of Jesus
like shouting at him and stuff like that
and the whole time we can't really see
who it is cuz the windows tinted so I'll
call it Trey and I was like Trey who was
that behind you and she was like yeah
he's following us I'm on me I bought the
road on the window and say something I
was like no don't do it and then the
whole time we talking right I look and I
look real close and I'm like Trey that
show friends standing he was like what
so we bust out cracking up he put a
to the side of us and we was just like
dying laughing for the longest because
Stan was like really thinking that we
was probably crazy cuz was going in a
circle
my mom yelling at bloody Jesus a him out
the window my brother yelling like hey
what's up we go in a circle then he
probably really thinking we like nuts
and trade like I don't know who I don't
know who that is I think he following us
to Trey should have been the main one to
know that his friend was in the car
behind him he forgot it was like I don't
know what man we was dying laughing so I
was just like we are really like special
like all together like we cannot be
together at night but come to find out
everything happens for a reason y'all
like even though like it was the wrong
person that we got following us it was
actually traced friend when I looked
over after me and Trey was talking the
same guy from the same guy that was
looking suspect inside a Walmart with
the dress and stuff he actually like had
pulled up inside the gas station so he
was following he was actually following
trades friend the whole time but going
slow so it looks suspicious so then when
we all pulled in together as three cars
he like rolled past with and he tried to
like he tried to like pull back in and
didn't think nobody was gonna see him so
the whole time like this dude was
following us to anybody at a gas station
so when we all pulled out on three hours
like Trey let's go
it really is somebody following us so
then the guys start following Stan's car
no one else in the back of Trey so I was
like Florrick moms so like she started
flowing it and then Trey I called him I
was like floor it bro because like this
nigger like he behind us so then I got
Stan's started just flooring it right
after Trey and like we lost the guy but
it was so freaking scary because we
couldn't go straight home and like my
mom was taking all these different
directions like okay cuz she live in a
country like she ducked off so she was
taking all these different roads and in
the woods and it was just dark and scary
but like it's some really weird people
out here and I realized I really cannot
go nowhere I was thinking since I wasn't
by myself it was ok but like
truthfully none of us had any weapons on
us like nobody could really do anything
and I really just cannot go nowhere by
myself and I guess like in Walmart some
girls was coming up to take pictures
with us and stuff like that and so the
guy probably like oh I wonder who they
did they is if I got money or like
anything anybody knew who I was and like
he could have tried to do anything like
rob us at gunpoint or whatever but like
being followed by somebody in a car is
like really really scary that's the
first time that ever happened to me but
I was with a group of people now I
always said I wasn't gonna go to Walmart
or anywhere late by myself again cuz
last time I was by myself at Walmart
like I was in his parking space I was
under this parking garage in like this
car it was the only car out there his
car pulled up like trying to this guy
asked me - I need a ride and all types
of stuff so I was scared he wouldn't
leave so I said I wouldn't slap them but
I thought it was okay because I was with
a bunch of people but I guess it still
wasn't okay like weirdos will still like
follow you even even if you carpool and
that's really weird but no telling what
would have happened I'm just thankful
that God protected us and it was just
like a funny story but it was scary at
the same time because like I need some
higher security guard at something like
so go everywhere like it's a shame it's
really a shame I no telling what that
man would a dying but listen I'm not to
go on the house includes so I just
wanted to tell you I this quick little
story time and I know clear waiting so
let me go in it go in his house cuz I'm
thirsty and stuff and I want to eat yeah
