oh oh okay so I don't want to show my
face and why I don't love it
hi you guys so
you wanna hold it hold it where's your
arm go ahead
okay so y'all my EP drop
my EP drop it like 15 minutes 15 minutes
and it's dropping on Spotify iTunes 10
minutes 10 Spotify I took Spotify iTunes
Apple music everywhere you can get it so
make sure I'll go get that in tomorrow I
will be face time in those who got it
and pre-ordered it and everything like
that is lit so make sure I'm covering my
face because it will get better so
hopefully I'm and just wanna say thank
you to everybody who supported me thank
you to everybody who got my song
medicine out there who listened to it
who watched the video over and over
again
y'all streams and stuff helped me get
out there so I just really appreciate
y'all and I love y'all in my units 11:49
so in 11 minutes my EP will be droppin
everywhere
be sure to spam up my Instagram and
everything tell me what y'all favorite
song is repost repost it be spread the
word tell a friend to tell a friend tell
a friend to tell a friend to tell your
cousin your auntie old sister your
brother you know I'm saying to get that
ep okay this is my first project and I'm
really nervous to be honest because it's
my first project and they're gonna love
it
I don't know the last snippet of bad boy
that was like with this they gotta get
even hear about it
yeah they hurt her a little snippet like
y'all gotta hear the whole song so
hopefully I got a fair holding the phone
sorry dual arm hurts a little bit ston I
hurt a little bit be good
I don't know how hold it right but I
appreciate y'all
I appreciate ya and I love ya love ya
you think this because spaghetti
purpose
spam 20-page hello what's your favorite
song on there when it draw don't look my
pimples yeah which I think y'all favor
is all gonna be
I love you guys loving Jeep I love you
too
we love you too we're ready for us to
pass on a royal family yeah we were
supposed to make a video today we gonna
do it tomorrow we should do it tonight
and post it somewhere Oh
what you think it's like the bad boy
because we all knows about parents I'll
see you all on a radio you get in B I'm
still humbled
I need that be able to do we say
butterfly
no I mean home oh yeah
y'all don't even know I love butterflies
I really really really hope that you
guys like what i'ma go listen to my EP
over and over again even though I heard
all my song everybody go examine your
own you know yeah we came out like five
hours ago overseas yeah I was listening
to it yeah because I think that it was
like God just replaying replaying like
how do you do that
come over here first all right yeah I'm
about to get off I just want to let
y'all know
