turn-ons
hi everyone thank you it's been a minute
it's been such a long minute since I've
been on YouTube I think the last video I
posted was let me see I think the last
video I posted
darn it let me see last video I post it
was oh my god
how long ago did I post some someone
told me cuz I really come on maybe I
should look on my phone okay last time I
post it was five days ago y'all and
everybody on Twitter been asking me like
why haven't I been posting and that they
missed me and I really haven't been
tweeting a lot either like not as much
as I do on a daily basis I really been
off of Twitter I only tweet a little bit
like maybe one to three times a day
lately and then I just like be off
Twitter cuz I'm really really really
busy doing a lot of um trying to handle
business um and uh uh-huh I want to read
these comments but they going fast
okay yeah basically I'm just trying to
handle business as y'all know the last
update was that I signed to Capitol
Records and now I am working on my EP to
drop it very soon so stay tuned for that
I'm just trying to find a perfect song
the other perfect songs are going this
EP and I'm about to get really really
really busy and get scared I don't mean
like I won't be posting it ever but if I
can't upload man my earring just broke
and like literally I'm not gonna lie to
y'all
this earring right here it may look you
but only I paid like twenty four dollars
for it at Target I'm humble but it broke
and that's maybe why I shouldn't buy
cheap stuff oh man but huh hey I can't
see
okay y'all ask me some questions cuz um
I really don't like I just want to give
you an updated everything that's going
on but I really don't know where to
start so I'm just so just ask me what
you want to know and and if it's an if
it's inappropriate question I'll answer
it
can't see I might as well get off here
cuz I don't see I that comments are too
going too slow
I mean too fast when are you seeing area
again
honestly I don't I don't know what I'm
gonna see area again like I said I've
been really really busy I'm about to get
even busier the only reason why I've
been busy is because I'm trying to
actually like find a place and um I just
really want to get settled so I could be
able to get my uh my baby and you know
have him settled honest I'm actually
establishing things for him right now
where's CJ he's still with them his
other aunties and things like that are
you ever gonna will you get a nanny
man I think I might I think y'all asking
me the wrong questions are you gonna
drop butterflies yes I will eventually
when is your mom gonna start her YouTube
she already started it y'all if y'all
haven't subscribed go subscribe to mama
love yes bro where is clear
Claire's chillin are you busy writing
songs I'm not writing as much as I need
to to be honest but I am right and
trying to finish the songs that I
already have I'm not trying to write new
songs if I don't have the ones already
half-finished so you know what's this
put the commas on slow mo it reduces how
fast people can sense stuff you'll be
able to read the comments faster okay I
don't know how to do that to be honest I
don't know how to put it on slow mode
clean you're such an inspiration I love
you so much thank you I love you too and
I love um everybody who supports me and
I tell y'all the time so I really sound
like a broken record but you always see
how much I love y'all when I do like a
meet-and-greet or something I'm gonna be
real life for y'all but y'all I want
opposed to do actually but now I don't
even know if I'm gonna post it because
it's a very like the vlog is from LA and
I just feel like it don't make sense
like I just feel like I just feel like
it's like oh like you really don't make
sense so I really don't want to post it
I really just want to do something new
for your like I want to actually do a
sit down video and talk to you about
something I don't know yet
maybe a story time or something cuz
there's gonna minute since I did a story
time but why did you go to the hospital
um I don't know where y'all got that
from but I I haven't been to the
hospital recently so that's really weird
where'd you get that from oh by the way
y'all I really need a new intro for my
youtube channel so whoever can make an
intro for me let me know send it to my
email look like I really need one UL
blue jay love you too I'll go keep up
the good work y'all man ill me put that
back up fat oh my god so like let me
just like just talk alright
first I was in LA and I and I was signed
into Capitol I signed to Capitol and now
like I already told you this but I'm
about to drop an EP then after that in
album first two EB we're working on um
we're working on medicine like like
giving it way more exposure like because
it hasn't been like on too many radio
stations so we working on that but
really I'm not working on anything but
like right and you can like um recording
and stuff like that I'm also looking for
a place right now this week so that when
I get CJ back I have a place established
for him you know to come back to a lot
of times like when I was like in New
York you know I'm saying I didn't have
CJ that was around the time his dad had
him when I stayed in New York I was
going to like meetings and stuff out
there and then fly back and forth to LA
and it really wasn't convenient to bring
CJ with me but now that like I'm finally
signed I could find a place and get
settled so I could have somewhere to
bring my baby back to when I do go get
him I was gonna go get CJ like way back
but what happened was um his other
grandma came to see him and so she came
to see him on like the 2nd and a 4th -
something like that and so I didn't want
to go get him because I want to stop her
from seeing him so I gave it more time
and then during the time that she's
seeing him I'm looking for a place and
everything like that I am looking for
like multiple places in different areas
for a certain reason but I'm not gonna
tell y'all we're just yet because I
don't know just yet but um just know
that soon there will be like some some
new Play stores come in I know that I
haven't posted in five days but y'all
just have to bear with me until I get
like a diddy a person actor record bro
my whole foot is numb this is crazy oh
my god my foot is numb my whole foot is
numb on the side I don't know what's
wrong with it I'm scared
like I'm sitting here and I'm talking
and like my foot it feels like I can't
Billie I'm scared like oh my gosh what's
wrong with my foot I need to go to the
hospital because like you ought to be
honest where something going on when you
lately like let me tell you I like I
know I'm an incan stuff but let me tell
y'all I be like first of all like I
don't really be eating like like I'm
supposed to and I'm like anemic and I'm
so much like my blood is really low but
and random like every I'd be okay so
woman and then at random times I will
just feel so like I just get so dizzy I
feel like I'm about to faint and I have
to like lay on the one you're such an
inspiration queen I love you so much
thank you for being you you know what I
freakin love all y'all too because if it
was not for y'all I would not be where I
am today I'm so happy that things dang I
just went from one subject to another
but no anyway as I was saying yeah I
need to go to doctors because I just
feel like something's like wrong Oh
y'all like my nails I got them done with
my mom is actually in a vlog I was gonna
upload they like just like regular you
know I really been trying to like like
usually I have the stones and things
like that but after my nail like my nail
was hurting for so long so bad I just
really just start like just wanted to go
calm for a little bit like because I've
been blinking out on the stones anyway
here like I'll just be feeling like I'm
about to faint and stuff and like I just
I just feel so like not healthy you know
I've been feeling like not healthy and I
just I feel like I'm too young for this
you know it could be stress and after
I'm stressed out because hey
not because I'm sure sigh because
anything is I go always meet but like
it's a lot that I'm juggling you know
it's a lot that I'm juggling you
understand so on I wear a lot of hats
let's just say that I wear a lot of
heads
I do a lot so it'd be so much on me then
nobody even knows like nobody would
understand to be honest because I don't
tell everything I don't tell all my
business so like y'all will never really
know how much I really you know handle
and deal with and just uncle with and it
just gets hard you know like nobody
would ever know how it feels to be me in
my shoes but nevertheless I think God so
bringing me um for bringing me to where
I am today because I was just thinking
like hold on I was just like thinking
the other day I was like you know stuff
be like something happening in my in my
life and I'd be wondering like why it
happened but at the end of day I really
like feel like everything everything
happens the way supposed to happen like
even though like stuff may seem wrong it
may happen the way it's supposed to
because I can would if it wasn't for
this you know this wouldn't be here or
like you know I'm saying like after like
I don't regret a thing I'll regret
nothing I don't regret a thing in my
life that that I ever done I don't
regret having like I regret getting
pregnant at a young age I don't regret
getting married at a young age because
it just out like that like even though
I'm like that didn't work out it's like
that landed me somewhere else like I
probably would have never started
YouTube because I would have been by
myself and if I would have never started
YouTube like I wouldn't have got my my
music out there like I feel like even
though things happen in life that we
don't really feel like it's fair to
or don't go the way we planned it to go
something good always like come out of
it and I really just really I really
thank God I really can't complain you
guys I used to struggle so bad I used to
struggle so bad like y'all don't
understand like me and my family we used
to struggle we didn't know where our
next meal was coming from like for real
where's on section 8 okay if you I don't
know what section 8 is that's that's
government assistance like for people to
pay for your house for you to live in it
and things like that we said I said
beyond food stamp like everything you
name it I used to be on welfare and it's
just crazy like how God will really like
take you through lights just take you
through life and like I just I've seen
these changes like D and le
DN le hey Quinn I always tell you how
beautiful you are my name is Dario I
know you'd be seeing it all on Twitter
an instant dairy under scorns you know
can I show you the video mate yeah just
damn me honestly I really don't like I
know y'all think that I see everything
but I really don't cause half the time I
don't be on here what's missus retracted
but um y'all my foot is getting them
again oh my god so scared I'm so scared
y'all this is so weird but never with
his dog what's going on y'all
y'all this is so weird
like my foot never just be gettin no I'm
like it keep falling asleep like wait
wait up doggone it I'm scary I might
just hold my foot not cuz I'm about to
go to sleep again
you stay up stand with me go to sleep
when I go to sleep you don't go to sleep
when you're ready
I'm sorry I got some screws missed I was
just talking to my foot but yes I was
seeing like I just don't regret a thing
in life like let me just stretch my legs
out like for real let me just stretch
them cuz at the end of day like this
gotta just gotta change my legs hurt -
no no I just think it this is not it
oh lord have mercy Jesus oh my oh
he said look the blood circulates Oh God
let the blood circulate let it certainly
circulate
come on circulate all right who does not
fit all right it should be good no wait
then you interrupting me
no missing y'all some cuz I'm in the
room by myself sometimes I get shy to
sing when clear and Patty's around
I'm just so you I don't know why I like
definitely sometimes y'all because I was
thinking videos within the four but I
don't think as much as I used to like
yes I do need new beats yes I do send
them um
I don't know what I was thinking y'all
was always saying I love you Haley
McElroy I love you Lily I was so
stressed and lost so much weight I
wanted to eat but I'll be so nauseous
and either not eat and get sick I found
out how all sir
lord I rebuke that name of Jesus hello
okay sometimes love will come and pass
ooh
sometimes love will come and pass you by
while you're busy making plans
RAAA my hair is growing because I
remember it was short well shorten it
y'all know I want my hair to grow so
long because honestly like I was I was
on I'm gonna with this realtor and and
she's so pretty me and like she she
mixed with black a mix of him and like
her hair was like down her back like
same textures my hair you know why wait
was wrong oh yo Reggie Miller how you
going yeah okay I'm just like hot on me
Queen I love the energy to put out into
the world
I've watched you since the beginning it
would mean so much if you checked on my
channel
Glenda leaves : or cologne I don't know
happen out there but
oh sorry just sometimes she's got a
screen like somebody just got scream
like y'all what's wrong with me I'm just
look just literally like what I'd be
doing just alone like acting stupid
anyway um yeah I want to sing a song
honestly are to be honest with y'all
first of all don't make sense cuz I just
said honestly y'all to be honest y'all I
already said that wasn't being honest in
the first place so why do I have to say
to afterwards see you know what I've
been eating ice and this is so wrong
like I shouldn't have I shouldn't have
but I keep doing it cuz I'm addicted
Queen you're so beautiful thank you yo
girl is you living in a hotel
nein living in a hotel I'm not living in
a hotel I just go from hotel to hotel
when I travel you've told me how many
where else am I gonna go I'm looking for
a place now though I need to have a nice
place I'm probably barely gonna be home
be home though I'm still gonna like Oh
some I want missing um I have nothing by
Whitney Houston all right um I try
seeing it the last thing don't look at
my double team oh wait ready dear knew
your name
I'll be a piano and acoustic am i
light nope that's too low my life my
life take me forward because I'll never
change
oh my color for you take my love I don't
never ask for too much just all that you
are and everything that you do you'll
have to excuse my voice cause I'm worse
I don't really need to look very much
further I don't wanna have to go where
you don't follow oh this is my imaginary
microphone by the way I won't hold it
back again I might get kicked out or
they might knock on my door and be like
quiet down so I might not be able to
just like hit that note hey Queen you
honestly maybe me become a youtuber I
love you so much stay strong you got
this girl also I got pregnant at 17 and
I did not regret it at all I'm happy I'm
happy being a mom to my daughter
you go girl Julie's family girl you go
okay for real you go because if you're
young mom you can still make it I did it
you see this girl right here I'm 22
years old all your dreams follow your
heart keep pushing
just cuz you're young mom don't mean
your life has ended you still can do
everything you probably could be even
better at it because now I really have
something to push for have my son's push
for all this is going too
set him up for his future I'm like
saying my baby up just just wait on it
you know I'm still young and I was still
got a lot of learning to do but I'm
still I'm still saying him up
lol it was right the second time by the
way if you need beats my fiancee is a
producer I wrote to you before we aren't
too far yeah when people say I wrote to
you before in like a yg is my damn plane
y'all cuz literally if you only seen if
y'all only seen on my deems look is like
cow will be like overwhelmingly okay I'm
already it's like I want to look at
these comments
hello
no I'm on life mom because this is me
mama I'm not acting strange I'm just
being myself just being random my yes my
mom just called it y'all I'm alive my
mom my mom is scared on the phone she
thinks I'm wrong with me there's nothing
wrong with me mom I'm just on live and
I'm just being random I'm being myself
mom she call me later witty she called
me like what's wrong with you I'm scared
about what you thought I was on
something mom ma I talked about I talk
to my foot all the time mom because my
foot keep falling asleep so yeah that's
why I was kicking it around I don't I
don't know it just I'm gonna give me a
doctor let me give me a doctor don't I'm
not gonna lose my mind mom I'm
definitely okay all right I love you
uh hold on let me put you on speaker
because I need to ask you a question
mom when is you gonna put out some more
videos we both we both know exam rooms
baby
all right mom said she got videos coming
for y'all so make sure to subscribe to
my love
Shane forgot about her love muffins okay
well I when I got the phone now
lazy boy oh my god people on here just
like coming at me but so much more
people it's coming at me in like a good
way how can I've been trying to get your
attention since January queue check my
DM on and igz okay hold on let's do this
let's do this if you ever DM me before
tell me your Instagram name right now
and i'ma go check and see your message
and I'm a I'm a reply to your message if
I'm able to see it I want to see the
remix to medicine no I'm sorry I have
two phones just let y'all know
if you admire somebody you should go
ahead and tell them people never get the
flowers while they still can smell them
I'm not to get off here yeah because um
nobody's telling me to Instagram names I
can't see it there you'll see one okay
I'm gonna check it right now let me see
Darry underscore underscore ill I don't
see it oh wait I didn't put two
underscores darío more is issue wait
y'all can't y'all can barely see but oh
all you said was I love you Queen I love
you too
I see mines
Denisha let me see that's a long name
Ganesha yeah chica is that what it is
Laura that's a long name right I'll hold
you somebody keep trying to get inside
my Instagram danasia yeah chica
let me see what you message me oh I see
booty
can we collab if so how much I wish
yours just that easy to just collab a be
so busy I barely post on my page I wish
it was that easy but it's not
can you sing the song for CJ please I
really have to rest my voice you guys
because no I don't even have to really I
need to be singing more but right now
like I need to drink some tea cuz I've
been being bad with my voice
I've been eatin things I'm not supposed
to but that all changed when I when you
know a boos shoes shoes you know about
the girl's life but I really appreciate
you guys and um yeah that's all I can
really say I'll get on laughs probably
tomorrow no I'm not gonna even say that
because if I don't y'all gonna be mad at
me y'all gonna expect that for me so I'm
gonna tell y'all that I might get online
tomorrow and I might just edit my video
so I'm about to get out of here I love
you all so much and I gotta go on
Twitter or something no really I need to
be like don't know that stuff I need to
be awful social media to get Mike to get
off of here
love you love y'all
how do I get up here how do I get off of
here
Oh in strain
