I'm still going what is that where is
your girl queen being a cup once again
with another video so it is about what
time is this 11:57 8 well not a.m. but
it's about to be 12 a.m. y'all what I'm
about to do
it's cooked it's gonna be my first
cooking video on my channel and this is
something I actually never made before I
actually got my girl perfect laughs with
me she's actually outside right now but
we've got to go to Walmart and get
everything we need for these hot cheeto
chicken wings I don't know what they're
called but I just know that the bread on
outside is a hot cheeto
what's up dad hey Dad game game pick up
these items so we can make this hot
cheeto chicken also on her channel she's
gonna be doing the hot cheeto nachos yes
so we got a whole bunch of hot stuff
coming out booty hoes gonna probably be
yes I believe I was gonna be on fire
girl yeah we're gonna be here some
flamin hot booty hoes so we finally have
arrived at Walmart after a long minute
in the driveway we've been in the
driveway down our mod and Trek coach
Trey came and CJ clean but our mind
decided that he wanted to ride the bike
we could put the blue treasuries get
about to get these groceries and get our
list so this knows when you're so cute
on me bro it's to be in and out it
should be in and out cuz we know exactly
what we need to get Wayne trying to sing
here we're trying to get in and out in
in
yeah why you up so late this is mommy
fought
oh this light and don't love these Nick
guys big bags a hot cheeto right that
should happen we are currently looking
for the hot cheetos Oh bro this can't be
real no they do not not have hot cheetos
wait in it I see Cheetos right here go
get the little bags in the front row
they should this can't even be possible
all right well we might have to get the
off-brand hot cheetos okay no bread
cheddar cheese no no it's some more of a
deer don't get that girl they've gone
it's a difference in she look at it
ain't every loose Ember ain't never seen
that cheese they in my life clean where
is a mother freaking hot cheeto CJ why
are you so dirty poo poo I think I know
whose fault this is
this is trays for giving my son a
popsicle in my car these babies I don't
care babies CJ why you so dirty baby let
me in Bertie
oh my god friend Rosa oh shut up shut up
shut the hell up
we need white o or are we need to wash
you up you need a car wash y'all cook
actually you know we got a crisis since
we got a grind don't we it's not for
everybody tis for them yeah right away
no now we're gonna eat ya gonna eat it
to do it tasty and you're gonna have a
flamin hot booty hole I wanna know big
chicken I don't want no big chicken I
want some wings your wings yeah I want
to win we like the little wings they got
wings over here wait this was like this
here right here oh yeah baby that off
let all right that's right and she's
about to get some ground beef no
steroids
no antibiotics but his little nose ring
keeps sticking out it makes me look like
I got a booger in my nose not me while
we found some others stinking hot
cheetos and a Big O this is where they
wear the whole time so how many you
think we need like - yeah part lights -
oh why are you eating that in the store
it's like I do it - and so we got
everything we need in this best yeah I
got like two bags a hot cheeto but I
needed some a drink cause I know my
buddies all gonna be like burning I
have something very close to drink and
wash it down with we actually need some
bottles of water to be honest because we
ran out well looky what we have here a
great value pad $3 for 35 bottles of
water bro you know what black people
cannot keep in a house for like over one
day these kinds right here oh no way
somebody calling me it might be my
husband many people so get off me I
should never brought y'all with me he
drink his stuff out this doorway and pay
for he drinking stuff I'm tired of this
man that's like not just I'd do the same
thing I can't even laugh that's probably
just good thing green Apple Jolly
Rancher pops her and watermelon oh oh
you got me pick me food water memos on
my blackberry
come on right they put watermelon on it
they think some black people gonna buy
it no not everything
put some points I put the clip up pump
up burner come on some point some point
dunno you know how all y'all girls be
like I get all of my bras for Victoria's
Secret well guess what yeah all my
panties fine I get all my n105 $400
guess where I get my panties in my bras
Walmart ok heifer I'm saving all this
money
sweet I'm saying I need some more brawls
being less Walmart save money
Phyllis wall to the frickin
motherfreakin Martin I refuse to pay $40
for one bro are you serious
my boobs are not even that big
to be paying $40 for a freaking bra
toasted corn raw toasted corn you know
hey bro y'all won all the good flavors
on my wig man wait are running out of
ideas man okay I might check out this
store but I'm not gonna lie this dress
is kind of cute and it's only 988 you
know what a Walmart like I shop I should
do a Walmart haul but you could dress
for a list you can dress for less oh my
god bro that is cute I'm not to go by
long to get this and didn't try it on
for yours
but tell me why we get back and Chris in
our mind is gone like we like locked out
the house and Mikey for some reason is
not even working I bust the windows out
my house and no I didn't see you no ugly
mile I know that probably didn't even
make sense but I am about to FaceTime
hand tool in the morning
2:07 morning bro and we are cooking his
chicken dedication right there
dedication
and black people because only a black
person will be an actor little warning
look okay so first we have our rich
chicken right here you know I'm saying
we win with uh just the wings and like a
little small like the little small
drones make sure you rinse your chicken
chicken don't want to take out the
packet and start cooking with it then
over here we got our hot cheetos of
course you can't make hot cheeto
chickens what I've got you know then we
got our oil vegetable oil cuz he's gonna
need some enough you know Sam I agree z
also you're gonna need some milk king
the meal flour it is gonna meet you know
you fill me Jesus that look don't forget
you you're all season and I don't have a
cup of season you use but you don't need
the season your flour you don't want no
plain flour that's all I'm saying
you don't want Laura to give this so
that it takes playing chicken with Ellie
season it with salt and pepper it um no
no we need everybody just thought we
needed
pepper you fill me the garlic everything
first we gonna storm with three cups of
flour let's don't get that prophecy one
cut right there won't cut right here
here don't know you move this for y'all
I see so cups of flour
let's give warm up with need one more to
make a dream work three cups of flour so
we just go seasoning and they probably
will see now listen with this big thing
assault you don't want to do it like
this is you want to take it like that
put in your hand cuz you'll end up
pouring the whole deal and you know we
don't in you doesn't wanna pinch it you
want to buy it because you don't want to
be too salty feeling and there's a
pepper got a little sister you can just
go boom now we're going to chili powder
Oh Oh baby
BAM paprika bro we really support to
beat when I'm ready you know so we got
people a baby we got to keep it lit
every day we hey you can't tell me it
let's melt good yeah we'll sit right
there
pump inhibitors get the grease popping
yo yo yo - now we didn't come mix all
this together you feel me so now you're
gonna make the blend of hot cheetos we
got a little bullies you can see cuz
next we're gonna need it throw our hot
cheetos in yeah this will be the last
drop ingredient good let it do supposed
to go ahead and add this yes you think
we need a little bit more sense if you
big chunks they don't matter you don't
say everything is not gonna get super
super tiny blended just as long as you
got mostly of your hot cheetos blendy
yeah it'll be okay so now we're gonna
add all right now this is how our batter
is looking how your batter should look
you don't feel like I said not too wet
not too creamy but you don't have a lot
of color yeah a lot of color we did all
that red stuff it was kind of tough at
first but we had to add a little bit
more than just coming out Jeff how's the
poop duty my your chicken it's better so
now we actually got them frying right
now finish one over there oh this is
like how to finish one look so far
that's one of the wings that's the very
first one we put in your yard and now we
are doing the rest and then we're gonna
crunch up the rest of the chips so we
can give it a one is it
um crunchy later a crunchy layer on the
outside yard so they fryer right now and
she's still putting bet beats the better
on her looking good yeah yeah it looks
good in it smell real good too
all right so most of them are finish
it's only one more left in there oh wait
that one's minutes to look for these
what they look like before we dip them
inside of the bread it crust or whatever
it is the freaking hot cheeto Chris man
but they they smell good and it turned
out pretty good
to be the first time so do box it dip it
in here and we want to show you all how
it look afterwards and then we both on
taste test it and defeat how good our
first pot you take hot cheeto chicken
baby i chilled chicken baby right now
she just um we would have got the lump
it would have took a little bit yeah
probably just a little bit of we had a
lime in here but hey this is gonna look
just alright it's gonna ride man here is
the finished product - man this look
good I can't even lie to you man we
really did a good job so not about to
finally taste it man you need to
definitely eat it don't blame you
alright I usually like drumsticks but
I'm gonna get a flat this time because
it's much easier so you ready to go in
you're gonna do it
that's good yes execute
good we did a good job yeah good to it
so yeah y'all we bought something to eat
we take y'all for watching this video
and hopefully we do some more collabs
some more cooking videos right now but
we must because it is 303 the morning
and we bout to record her her video and
make these nachos but that's gonna be
real quick so yeah thank you all for
watching do not forget to subscribe to
her channel which will be in the
description make sure her go subscribe
and make sure outputs there like
