good morning everybody it's a Christmasy
day in the office today Maddy's got a
little bow loving it
love your ears down I mean hello
Christmas bear the kid little I like
your one it's a proper little Christmas
dinner on your hand me and Sophie are
currently going through a whole new
redesign for lifestyle and we're now
looking at design round three you're in
three completely different three
completely different designs this is
looking good so far
this is the first time I've seen them so
I don't like the arrows that's the only
thing I don't like I think that doesn't
really have a place this looks like hair
it's very heavy
I'm not sure about that one but
everything else I really like I'd like
to see the tiny stars incorporated into
a bit more there's quite a lot of for
diamonds see I think this works cute in
packaging but I think the stars would be
lovely
had a little delivery these are going to
be prizes given away as part of a
giveaway if you go on over to at zoella
no one person can win the mailer for
lifestyle and for beauty so make sure
you're following at zoella
and you can see when that when that pops
up we're going to open them so you guys
can see what's inside kind of ruining
the mailers for the people that are
going to get them but oh well
Oh Alfie is doing a presentation so here
we go here's everything discover a sin
that's out of this world and then peel
back oh my god the papers so quickly
we've got the minis the roller balls the
Milky Way bar the fragrance which is in
here and the moisturizing solid bath
oils that is a box
numero uno and then moving on to
lifestyle I love this box and then we've
got everything that is available in
lifestyle give the video little pause if
you want to have a little look take the
tissue off we've got cut with straw the
cozy socks my favorite thing in the
whole range this year which is the
planner bears being naughty we've also
got the faux fur headband with fluffy
mittens midnight wander candle which
smells like cosmos the mug and hot
chocolate set that is a good old box
jam-packed with amazingness there we go
this is the mailers that will be going
out to like friends and other youtubers
and bloggers and also to one of you so
I'll pop that back on because I think
they're gonna take pictures with it but
just thought I'd show you they look so
cool I love the boxes so much so Alfie
yes
you've got your presentation so festive
compared to even wearing the same hoodie
from yesterday you could wear I bought
some Christmas jumpers name course
offering on one of the things we're
doing in the office is bloody Christmas
tree giving people the opportunity to do
a little presentation talk about
something they're interested in
something that they enjoy just to bring
people's confidence out like have us all
learn new things so this week it's
Alfie's turn to do his presentation so
we're also out
like topic for anybody this is is it
possible that we're not real so this is
missionary proposes that all of reality
including the earth and the universe is
in fact an artificial simulation don't
know if I've shown this yet but in the
office we have a sweepstake
I'm obviously team Joanne who we got
left Meg's Charles and Karen Mads Ashley
and Pasha Dan Stacey and Kevin Lottie
Kate & Allie ash Nala Lauren and AJ and
Alf Grameen ot Oh
and Lauren come on cor it's time to
decorate the office the theme one kind
of going for with the office because I
do think I'd love to decorate like super
tacky so I've got loads of these like
foil decorations that you get in old
pubs and like village halls so we're
going to decorate the office with all of
these I'm so excited
setting him up to make the figures stand
up push down on the knob and turn the
knob until the figure up so each turn is
knob on the top yeah plug him in see
what happens
ah that looks good yeah bloody flaw
the tree is done what you think that
gives your first Christmas tree and then
look at this ceiling it looks marvelous
look how magically finished up in the
office and we will come out to watch the
bright and Christmas lights being turned
on which I don't know if I ever if I've
ever come out to watch before but I just
thought be a nice end to a very
Christmassy day
good morning it is now Saturday and I've
had a very exciting delivery come in the
post this morning so Amazon asked me if
I wanted to try out their new service
Prime wardrobe which having read about
it and looked up I was so intrigued and
I just thought this was the best idea
ever I feel like most of you are
probably aware of what Amazon Prime is
and I myself am an Amazon Prime member
and for those people that have Amazon
Prime Amazon Prime wardrobe is
essentially where you can order between
three and eight items and they will be
delivered to you within one to two days
like this and they will try to put
everything into one package where
possible mine actually did come in two
so I'm assuming I ordered big things you
can choose between clothes shoes
accessories men's women's kids there's a
huge variety and lots of amazing brands
on there as well the best thing about it
though is you then get seven days from
receipt of your order your entire order
to decide whether or not you want to
keep it and you won't be charged unless
you choose to keep the items how cool is
that
so you're not charged anything for a
whole week whilst you try them on and
decide which of the items you actually
want to keep after those seven days you
then get the added benefit of a 30 day
extended amount of time where you can
send back your items to Amazon
completely free of charge it's just part
of the Prime membership so every package
comes with a prepaid returns label and
the bag that it comes in is also
resealable so you don't need to go out
and find another bag to put anything in
and you can send it back through Royal
Mail which is great because for me one
of the added benefits of doing any
online shopping is that the returns is
as seamless and easy as possible so it
sounds to me like Amazon have really
nailed that which is amazing so all
shipping and returns are free you don't
have to pay for any
in the first seven days unless you want
to keep it and then you get 30 days to
return anything else that you thought
actually no I don't want that and it's
free to return so I just think already
that takes a lot of boxes for me so I
went online and I picked the things I
really wanted to try so I'm gonna go
through those with you now I don't know
where to put you Oh Paul and Joe sister
cat shirt oh I love it
next thing I ordered is this jumper oh
my god this is the softest thing in the
world okay so this is a new-look jumper
and it has these gorgeous striped colors
on it
I already know I'm gonna love this a lot
this one is well this is new look as
well I got quite a few new look things
actually ok so this is a is this a
jumpsuit yes it's a spotty jumpsuit and
then kind of qalaat style three-quarter
length trousers I think this might be
new look as well yeah I just really
loved this kind of houndstooth check
coat I do already have one that's
similar to this in my wardrobe which is
why I'm not sure if I'm gonna keep this
or not but I really loved the pattern
and style of it so I wanted to see if it
was much different because my I was
immediately drawn to this I think the
model was wearing like a hoodie
underneath there and it just looked
really lovely I think this is another
Paul and Joe number Paul and Joe sister
so this is the model
Sylvia dress oh my god I love this so
much but I'm really worried this is
gonna be a bit big for me this with some
black tights and then kind of like
military style boots and lots of gold
jewelry would be so nice to wear
okay fingers crossed that fits me and
then I saw these and I instantly fell in
love with them because they just
screamed Christmas now I love me some
converse I've got a fair few pairs and I
have to say when I'm when I'm kind of
after a bit more of a comfy shoes is the
converse that I'll go for look at these
they're red and they have little stars
like cutout on them I love these I
already know I'm gonna keep these okay
so that's everything in my bag I also
got this little like tweed skirt this
just feels very festive to me this is
from warehouse and it's got like silvery
bits running through it very festive
little high waisted skirt cute then the
last thing I got with these new look
kind of military-style black boots
because I pretty much live in these
during the winter time and I had an old
pair that are pretty much falling apart
and I just wanted some to wear on like
walks and with things like this dress
but yeah really happy with those so the
first thing I am trying on is this dress
which is the Paul and Joe sister Cara
cats dress I love it I was kind of
nervous this is gonna be too big but I
actually think it's perfect fits really
nicely on the shoulders and I've got it
on with the new look boots haven't got
tights on mainly because I'm inside I'm
not going anywhere
but how cute is this I'm gonna keep this
and I'm gonna keep these as well so to
have a I'm already keeping next up is
the new look
spotty jumpsuit again I really like this
I think it fits really nice what do you
think first two things that I think are
not working for me the skirt
as much as I like it I don't think it is
a good length on me and the shirt is too
big and too stiff I think so I think I'm
gonna be returning these two items but
let me know what you think already flip
in love this jumper it's so cozy so soft
in fact I think I'm going to leave this
on for the rest of the day and I've also
got the converse on and I'm just as
obsessed with these in fact I just I'm
digging this whole outfit right now I
think I might leave on definitely gonna
keep here I've tucked it into my jeans
but obviously you can have it out as
well one more thing to try on and that
is the coat so I'm just gonna pop it on
top of this even though I'm almost
certain it probably does not go but I'll
get a good idea of whether it fits me or
not I actually really like this it's
quite smart it's actually a bit smarter
than the other ones I own so I think I'm
also going to keep this as well it fits
me really nicely on the shoulders and
although it doesn't really go with this
jumper I have a lot of things I think
this will go with so I'm happy with that
definitely going to get rid of the skirt
which I've already bagged back up and
the shirts which I'm already bags back
up I think I didn't actually really good
job of packing up well it's a shirt
sometimes I'm like oh my god how am I
gonna fold this back into the bag but I
actually did it I'm thinking about the
jumpsuit I have a lot of jumpsuits like
that and it is more of like a summary
type of jumpsuit as opposed to a more
wintery one and we're about to enter
into much colder weather so I'm thinking
about that one let me know what you
thought and I'm definitely gonna keep
the dress this jumper the converse the
boots and the coat if any of you guys
want to check out the Amazon Prime
wardrobe there will be a link to
everything that I tried on in this video
in the description box and you can go on
over and check it out if you already
have a Prime membership then you can
just get started
which is great I found that so easy and
it came so quickly I think something
like this is literally perfect for if
you have an event or something quite
last-minute where you want to try on a
lot of different dresses you know you're
only gonna keep one and you don't really
know what size you are so you can get
multiple sizes and then only pay for the
one that you actually want to wear out
to the event I hope you enjoyed that
little haul we have some people coming
over tonight I'm really excited about it
because this weekend Joe and Diane are
dancing in Blackpool I'm so proud of Joe
for getting this far last week he had
December and I know how much it killed
him to do that dance he didn't enjoy
that one so much so this week he has got
the quick step and he's doing it in
Blackpool and Blackpool's the one place
that he really really wanted to kind of
get to make me for my nan because she
used to dance in at the Blackpool Tower
building when she was younger and so my
dad my auntie my and two of my uncles
and my nan who is 96 years old can I
just say have gone up to Blackpool to
watch Joe so I think it's gonna be quite
an emotional weekend so probably not the
best one to invite loads of people over
to watch together but never mind I
create everything though I'm really
really excited obviously really nervous
every Saturday I wake up and I am like
so nervous for him but yeah got my
fingers crossed for him and Dayan and
hope that they're gonna get really good
score I've seen a sneak peak of the
dance and it looks incredible and I know
that he's had like the most fun doing
quick steps oh yeah I'm just so like
excited for my nan to be there like
watching him in a place that she used to
dance in so it's gonna be good the kind
I need to prepare for them coming around
though because they're gonna be here in
like an hour and a half and we need to
get some food and drinks on the go how
these just got back from the supermarket
with lots of snacks and nibbles
what is he get oh wow they look insane
oh my god melt in the middle puddings
mmm oh my god mac and cheese stacks goo
Shawn's gonna be a good face
mac and cheese right this is a repeat
huh - tenders oh we should put the oven
arms oh this looks so great high-five
well done you did so good between like
veggie options and non veggie options
yeah you did a great job and veggie
veggies and we got carrot and camembert
Kanda
there's see what this eight of us
there's quite a lot of people yeah eat
dinner he's a bigger mouth oh the one
thing we don't have like a French stick
or no I was gonna get that like to have
this reversed oh yeah with the with the
toast oh yeah perfect
are you hungry like really hungry then
really lunch snack in yeah tell you who
else might say your thing so Alfie says
this and Nala knows what it means now so
have you given all the hers have you
been given all of us how she had hers
somehow Nala knows that that means has
she had her dinner she's so clever
you're so clever popping
we try to do popper let's check in oh my
god you know we had a concentrating so
hot it actually makes you feel bit sick
no you rule distracted me yeah go on
wait you do one side wait I got good
grip okay random dinner is served there
he is
I'm already crying it's very fast and
we're going to be losing the whole sort
of synchronicity is is so important
come on joy
you need to your lines absolutely light
oh my goodness there was images on for
instance all the way through and for me
he did Nana feels proud today I mean he
would like you a quickie frame was
lovely you had a nice suede your
footwork you stayed inside even though
the music was attacked slow
you stayed exactly with the music you
were outstanding
Hollywood rejoined a little like that
takes all of skill
my god
voting time we're all calling them on 10
10 May to beat your best serve are you
thank you and I did for Joe and Diane go
on tell us you're sleeping technique I
thought you don't want to it's not a
sleepin technique if you wake up like if
you want to if you want to go back to
sleep and you can you have to make your
brain dump like dollar down sitting for
yourself yeah and the technique that I
use literally put me to sleep in like 20
seconds like if that okay these names
voice names from a to Zed then girls
names yeah got like four times last
night first time I got maybe two like
I'm literally like Alfie I thought I
could hear you talking Ben Casper no
getting your brains so bored of like
trying to remember like trying to think
of a boy's name beginning with I you're
like Isaac and then you're like wait
what the bloody hours next layer off to
I is 3 a.m. and you like ABCD efg hijk
trust me I think rather than sitting
there thinking I need to sleep but I'm
not tired and then you think about what
you've got to do that day then you think
right next week and then you think like
it's just like but I would get so into
it and I would want to think of regreat
work that I would be away ok 3 tired
not when our waiting party so yeah but
thanks I'm more awake I get through it
quite a few times yeah let us know in
the comments if that technique has
worked for any of you honestly how good
was Joe guys like insane I ride he looks
so smart he look like Fred Astaire Diane
looked incredible
the whole dancers amazing I'm so happy
with this oh my Nana she was so nervous
to do that that's my little tip please
so proud of you Joe we all love you
I'm new Diane mwah
good morning it's Sunday and me now if
you've had a really nice chilled semi
lazy morning and now we have decided to
get up and head into town because I
don't know I just fancy a little stroll
around the lanes the Christmas lights
are on now so that will be really cute
but also I kind of want a Starbucks
because they've got a creme brulee drink
and I really want to try it then I think
we're gonna go to alfea's mum and dad's
look at Nala in her little butt can you
and your little harness I just thought I
would show you my outfit you have to
excuse the hair I kind of shoved up when
I got in the shower and then I thought
I'm just gonna leave it like like
half-up half-down crazy bun but that's
just how I want my hair today
so my outfit is a t-shirt with rude word
on it so I'm just gonna let you see this
oh there you go
that is from Nasty Gal I've got my Estee
and Daisy necklace on there we go that's
the right way
the coat is from ASOS and it's it's very
like furry and soft and it has this baby
pink color green on the sleeves and then
brown everywhere else it's very cozy
it's literally like wearing a blanket
and I'm so here for that today then I've
just got some Topshop Joni jeans on I've
got my little YSL bag and my shoes are
Stella McCartney chunky trainers
I love these this is my first outing
with them I just I don't know I kind of
feel like they went with this vibe my
flu is really lingering and it's
starting to really annoy me like I'm
still snotty I still have like hot
sweats sometimes and I wake up I just
want to be like a hundred percent and I
still feel like my energy is very like
drained oh look at the Evening Sun cozy
the blinds that's nice
but I'm just gonna like keep powering
through and just hope that it disappears
oh I need to sort my cushions out that's
too many cushions on the sofa I didn't
mean to keep them all on here I think
these ones are for the bedroom do they
also know that we are coming around for
it I take away or me and Alfie basically
really wanted to go to alvey's mom and
dad's so we said what time are we coming
to your house read a good tonight really
good idea wait your house tonight and
your mum put like yeah like this hands
up emoji but that's not saying yes
necessarily do you know what I mean
I don't like rock up and then and be
like no works for me and Buzz first stop
are we going to go on center yeah star
we definitely have time
yeah and the reason for our garden to
visit it Harry Styles is we bought a
really cozy blanket and we won another
one it's just too soft even more good so
we've already got one but it doesn't
quite cover two of us if we're having a
cozy day what happens at night damn I
take it to bed with me I've basically
been stuck shoe it for like a week
blanket Zoey just there's no chance I
can even have this much of that get
another one yes yo you know you know
what saying I'm doing you dog boy say
what excited to go and see fuzzy I love
our dog so much she's really busy so
Alfie's is running in to like grab one
don't know what color he's gonna get oh
look I bogey just went flying
oh you say it
she's so an edge just gonna work out
where we are
where are we Oh guys
I've become a bit obsessed with soldier
I'm so uncool I played it when I was ill
in Dubai and now I can't stop playing it
I'm like really good at it though my
fastest time is 1 minute 37 seconds to
complete it it brings me back all the
like windows vibes do you remember like
when you had a PC and the only thing you
could do on it was play mind sweep and
solitaire and wherever you want it all
the cards went like that and bounced
across the screen doesn't do that on
your phone but it's still a great game I
know it's not the coolest obsession I've
ever had in fact maybe the most uncool
but I really think it's great brain
training always going well Niles it's
going well what's he got oh wow you like
it I love it feel that Nala which think
yes nice innit I was just telling them
about my adventures with solitaire
like of sparks strangely no that sounds
very strangely strange very very good me
yeah like not June so you say I'm
surprised you are good I'm just saying
like you are actually very good reading
them about yeah it's like I'm determined
I think I genuinely think you could add
it to a list of like weird strange
quality yeah yeah that was like a fun
fact what something you're weirdly good
at I think you could sense all of that
but I so uncool
no I don't think it is can you tell me
something cool that I'm good as well
just to balance out women as many
different things isn't that come on go
on share one okay I'm light Interiors
you very good at making things look good
bah you're not very like competitive so
therefore a lot of the things you're
great at don't have like numeric like
then I don't know how to explain to me
that's not something you're certain
where is solitaire you can do it on to
two minutes do you know what I mean
now you can put on it that's enough on
how good you are
whereas I teary is already do that yeah
kind of if any of you can complete
solitaire in under two minutes two
minutes yeah and let me know I'll
challenge you all so just please let me
know if you also like solitaire because
I feel like I might be the only one in
the world right now that you are heading
into Jessup's for a new camera
especially for vlogmas so I picked up my
new camera got it they only had one left
so Alfie was gentleman and let me have
it and now we're in home sense and it's
like Christmas joy I managed to somehow
get alkane up oh my god there's others
look at the release they always do the
best wreaths in here okay
look how cute this Crocker is it's like
the tackiest thing I've ever seen but I
kind of want some I feel like that might
be a step too far
no I think it's cool it's quite
distracted if you had something on your
plate also you only really use in one
time here bro
those ones are a bit more understated
got my first Christmassy Starbucks of
the year and I went for a creme brulee
hot chocolate which I can't really taste
it in hot chocolate it actually comes as
a latte on the menu but I always mix it
up because they're always just syrup so
and I'm not the massive coffee drinker
they did seem a bit confused when I said
that didn't they it was like you want it
in a hot chocolate but I either they've
not put the shot in because it doesn't
really taste very different from a
normal hot chocolate or it's just quite
a weak
flavor that works better in a large a
anyway this mugs cute mug cup Starbucks
coffees kid no I can taste it it's like
sweet it's quite nice ones really flavor
some Alfie's gone for a gingerbread
latte favorite little shop look so cute
all lit up now we're just gonna have a
little wander around the lanes it's a
really nice you think it's very cold
very cold we didn't check the weather
before we came out and now I'm kind of
regretting not wearing a hat gloves and
a scarf and a drinker me vision I think
you come here yeah sometimes I'll do
something weird and I try and make him
copy me so I've been going Oh Mike do it
he's like I'm not sure it's just when
people put me on the spot like you know
if you like this is like when you're in
class and then the teachers picking the
people to read out loud and you're like
peace I hit me Peter hit me yeah let's
go what we're taking in nothing my back
throw the food and we did it look how
cute this is
this is from Amanda and Nick and this is
for me and Alfie as our little advent
look we've got one a day typical Buffy
just wanted to open it Poppy's gonna be
like it's my day to day it's my day to
day it's my day it really smells like
lush in there I'm not gonna lie where's
number one I want to find number one do
we have the same or are they okay so you
or you both have the same things I wish
wasn't filming me because you look
lovely
I'm going to open this one fast no I
know same things but you might have
slightly different so one day one will
have a different version of the same
thing this is so exciting
this is so cute thank you so much we're
back home and I'm all cozy in bed with
although this labels not so cozy need to
cut out with the softest blanket in the
world we were just watching the I'm a
celebrity premiere first episode and it
was really good I love that Holly is in
the jungle with deck because I just
absolutely love her I think she's
amazing and yeah how really lovely
chilled evening I love Sundays like this
it hasn't it been such a Sunday such a
Sunday has an air Oh some 12 bytes well
thank you very much see ya I'm gonna end
this vlog here good night good night
sleep well see you soon
I'm gonna stop you've got it that way
round no that's the softest bit it's on
the outside no you've got that the wrong
way out no this is the softest bit
goodnight
