good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 15
I am up and editing the vlog from
yesterday oh that's literally every
content creators worst nightmare feel
like I'm constantly deleting footage so
that I have space for new footage gosh
I'm actually currently writing out
Christmas cards for penguin competition
winners so that's how I'm spending my
morning so if you see your card here
this was actually me writing it
oh my god it's like in here it's like up
in your room and you're not in there
that's so weird isn't it that's what
happened yesterday with puffy and I was
like maybe it's coming from this
cupboard so yeah but it's like irregular
do you know I mean it's like someone
right let's look out the window on your
balcony maybe it's like a seagull where
did it go what mark it was it was a
massive it was huge
right where was the noise it was like
definitely like hear their eggshells up
here but it's obviously eat something's
eating something up here oh my god
that's so weird
this way that it's coming back the same
day that today yeah when I open the door
it like flew past my head
but how can a pigeon make that much
noise it was like banging what was it
doing making a nest do pigeons make
nests yeah right well let's listen out
for it again yeah I'm gonna make us all
some dippy eggs because I was inspired
by Sean's breakfast yesterday so we've
got toast in here
bulton water got the eggs okay so I have
found the best time to do boiled eggs is
four and a half minutes so I'm gonna put
a timer on because actually although
it's fairly straightforward I've only
really just got it right I can't set the
time
look how cute these little egg cups are
what came first chicken egg I've done a
mountain of toast here you are my laughs
we've got we've got editing club going
on this morning way so I'm gonna put
that in the middle then we've got some
butter if you want some and then the
wood and then the eggs which I can't
carry cuz I'm flopping yay
oh is it Ronnie that's the question I
don't have a lot like faith buddy yeah
four and a half minutes works a charm
you happy his name action / action /
eggshell excellent for any of you
wondering this is how alfie deyes eats a
boiled egg it's not normally I just got
a bit carried up happy you do do this
not all the time yes you do but now how
are you gonna dip your soldiers in gonna
go nice on the top dip them in but what
if it's really runny
like it's gonna be money what hopefully
is running it was runny when we first
got them out I'm not sure about now no
didn't mean like a normal person but I
can you know but it's taking you five
minutes to get a shell and now this
one's gonna be cold
yeah using the rush alfie deyes
dressing-gown alfie deyes
eats most of his meals cold
true or false don't dirty the issue of
that I just nice and relaxed you know
calm livestock
he has no rush to eat food when it's hot
there's no rush me and Mark finished our
rags about 20 minutes ago yeah you still
what's making their leftover no I've
skipped all my egg out mark don't even
eat here it's quite satisfying but you
know how much I just want to like
squeeze it oh wow Oh me and Mark have
got a new handshake let's show you them
now real quick Oh Oh what I think is
because my hand is so small right you
can't see it marks had a little delivery
new boots and a new shirt for tomorrow
night
oh nice rec7 like yelling look at this
you know you're locked by mark
well poke it out at the bottom well bye
dad and I look at you both in mark
don't worry I'd like to get you out go
Nala quick come on Nala
come on no no I can't keep this open for
much longer
no I like when you say like Italian yeah
oh come on you first
oh come on Poochie she might be too
tired you can do it yeah come on muck
you can do it yeah you can do it Oh Oh
No
the day's just gone it's me the days
gone where's the day gone yeah yes what
do you mean need to lie down I just
don't even really know where like I
don't know you know sometimes when
you're like I want to live every second
of the day like live in the moment of
every second of the day
I just feel like I haven't been doing
that for like the last week cuz every
second minute and hour is pulled from
underneath me and I just end up being
like ugh
what have I even done since we last
spoke I've washed my hair I put some
makeup on and I filmed a video
we've had lunch I've edited it's been a
very productive day hasn't it yeah I
feel like if you weren't here today yeah
I would have had like a breakdown
they're not would have wronged you Zoey
calm yourself calm your titty you can't
really be stressed when you're in this
room though can you I mean I know after
we filmed your bed should we just sit up
here for a bit and open the bath and
Bodyworks yeah yeah my retainer I'll
remove my retainer
embarq place another order on Bath &
Body Works although it was the first
order do you remember it was the first
order I placed mmm months ago yeah and
then it arrived just about two weeks ago
so we need to go through that yeah all
this would love it it'd be a lovely
thumbnail except from like yeah look at
my junk car I love this jumper oh my god
it's like sequins I know this is a bit
scary I'm not gonna lie it's terrifying
that's terrifying
what oh it's like a bit clowning Moon
Man but look it's Santa
Oh Santa looks jolly yeah I like it I
like it
and really Wiltshire lend annoy my
fashion these days oh I love it
it's got tassels on the bottom love it
mark when you stay here do you feel like
this is your bedroom
Calvillo Suzie yeah she feel like yeah
this is your bedroom and not my fairy I
know I feel like when I'm here I'm just
like same room as always I put you in
the middle room yeah you're in the heart
tonight
the log cabin is they like to stay
online a little cabin is a shed like
when your mom stayed here almost art
with her because I was like no that's my
you're not really it's like earlier on
because I like to use the shower in here
and also Alfie was on a call in our room
so I was like mark can I use your shower
yeah do you know I used the marshmallow
pumpkin latte shower gel in my shower
today
Robbie no they're just the shower gel
yeah it's really good use it tomorrow so
mark is now setting up for his video but
we're gonna film after I've had a call
with my therapist maybe that's a good
timing actually just as I was saying I
feel so stressed I'm like oh I've got to
call my therapist perfect timing or it's
perfect and Mark you're like my second
therapist you're less grounded therapist
you know what me
well she's less qualified yeah
yeah she's probably waiting for me
actually oh well that's my cue to leave
anyway yeah I'm gonna go in and talk
about feelings and then we'll film a
video so us out for us great fYI therapy
isn't actually just about talking about
feelings which i think is quite a
misconception it's a lot of just mind
management and it is the most
interesting thing in the world wouldn't
recommend it highly enough honestly
everyone should be doing it can you
Christmas mug okay
do you like our Christmas tree do you
know what it reminds me of like every
time you ask me questions you're just
looking for like yes or no I always go
to so much detail you know it reminds me
of like when I used to decorate my
artistry but like not saying that
because you know how my decorating
skills are it reminds me why I decorate
my house three miles for no it's just
like very vintage sort of like the yes
and also the lights because they've got
pink in it like the old school my flower
lies I wish I had some soda why it must
be someone eBay yeah should be yeah yeah
after there ya know last year I'd smash
the ball boy in John Lewis you know when
you break something in a shop it's the
most embarrassing moment oh yeah
you know the ones with the little how do
I describe it you see on the top of the
ball ball it's got that metal bit those
floors on and it's stuck in with like a
prong so I picked up by that wasn't on
enough whole thing just but then I
thought that's not my fault
no I know that wasn't made properly as
the architecture but it's like you know
what it's like when a ball with smashes
it just goes into a thousand pieces and
I just felt so embarrassed I was a bit
like oh and it was so loud and everyone
looked at me and I was just like I'm not
smashing up the ball that's why they
should put carpets in shops so if you
drop something right look at this angle
it's like my little head in the corner I
look like such a like like an antique
the one the bubbles I got from John
Lewis a shatterproof yes I've got some
shatterproof ones even the clumsy people
they won't have to worry
exactly exactly oh why is there just so
many weird noises I tracked him to no I
think someone's throwing something at
the window did you hear it yeah it's
like but like metallic metallic
Nullah you having a cuddle mark she's
got a little Christmas jumper she looks
like a Frenchie like this I think she
looks like a bat upside down somehow be
persuaded you need to go to think Oh
food how does this happen
he's good he goes the most festive time
of year bingo we can win 20 grand that's
why no you're not gonna win it was gonna
throw out that you ain't winning 20
grand wait I wasn't gonna go because I
felt like I had so much I needed to do
and it doesn't have to say bingo doesn't
excite me as much is it could you think
I'm gonna come back with an 87 year old
girlfriend yeah maybe just maybe you
might call Julie leave me for another
woman you choose bingo winner for no
woman 120 grand I think I'd definitely
be gone
some having persuaded but you're excited
I mean anything I do with these guys is
fun anyway but I'm just I don't know it
can't get the bingo excitement Holly's
going that should be enough
that should be enough to make you want
to go while I'm coming I'm going I'm
gonna be the exit so I'll let you know
how bingo goes and if I win 20 grand the
things you make me do
we're at Bingo I've never seen mark so
excited she's like another world I've
heard so many stories about being on
holiday people they go in and I can't
imagine what it must be like an actual
revenue like venue
bingo revenue oh my good god just gonna
tree they do have a Christmas tree so
I'm sold
you never know I could end up loving it
and coming every week I mean you don't
want to come every week but you do want
to love that I've got my own card mark
I've never seen it so excited you
literally look like an advert I love you
buddy so somebody in here will win
that's one way
so finished in bingo I'm not sure what I
think about bingo
Alfie was like did you enjoy it like
honestly did you enjoy it I was like
honestly like not really like it's not I
don't know I don't know where the fun is
so getting off those numbers oh I think
it's cuz I get the fear of calling out
if I win do you know what I mean I can't
enjoy it but you see how many how often
do someone win every 30 seconds just a
good chance as ever
we don't want to win free money no
because it means you have to go yeah
yeah but you can just call your mark to
do that yeah I don't know I
maybe you should just take mark when you
go the least amount of money you can
which is a tenner you tick it only like
four quid to play yeah
one lady one twenty thousand pounds
which I cried at like I couldn't stop
crying it was so emotional
he was so cute I'm just so shocked and
everyone was like congratulating her and
it was so lovely I just don't know how
often that happens happens under 40
minutes and then we saw her having a
picture on the stage with our big
pretend check oh I just saw a Christmas
tree I had warm lights and cool like all
mixed together
I looked quite naughty naturally we're
heading back now oh we're gonna go and
get a wagamama which let me tell you
I've been excited for it all day
Oh mark I need to give you your
Christmas don't be silly
don't be silly wrap your willy don't be
silly
oh boy you know what say bonjour now in
the funniest way you can know you say it
I'm driving very safe figure no you can
fake ones your nose very simply come on
there's no messing about in the car
because he doesn't know it's because he
doesn't like doing people ask him to
come on say buongiorno in the funniest
where you can
- concentrate you down guys born in say
January and the funniest that you can do
January January Chuck John you're Arry
Oh Jan oh Jan you are Harry
dad you re do you like do you like Jay
you lie back a moment has arrived now me
and Mark wanted to have a welcome others
as tradition yeah
because one of the first times mark came
around was obviously vlogmas last year
actually that was the second time he'd
come round but it was like two proper
hangout wasn't it because the time
before that we just like filmed yeah so
keep that was fifth day of what Robert
always it so in true tradition can you
actually believe a year has gone since
we were sat like this
I'm a South down us at that yeah we were
singing tell you what mate yes blonde
you are we all just fell asleep on the
sofa and now I'm so disorientated and
hop no no what the day is don't know
what the time is
- no way I'm we're just now getting
ready to go to bed need to take our
makeup off and drink like a liter of
water because our mouth is so dry I
really hope you guys enjoyed today's
video make sure to give it a thumbs up
if you did and I will see you again
