good morning welcome to vlogmas day a
we are walking it down to breakfast
do you know what for the fact Oh Alfie
deyes was ready before me it's like
violet she could not believe it I felt
like I've had no sleep thank heaven I
don't drink alcohol because otherwise I
think I would be restructuring right now
oh my god the post party like dance law
Oh No making our way into the breakfast
free
yeah how you feeling come on in Jake yes
I'm ready already know what the big
surprises no come no this calendar out
yeah been given want to be in the photo
shoot
yeah okay dog t-shirt we're currently
doing a little photo shoot in our new
match very happy with it
this is one of my faves this hoodie I
think I'm gonna live in this in the
winter Joe your DVC modeling I'm
currently modeling so life is gray yeah
mom are gray your gold foil Oh rose gold
rose gold and gray and then the hoodie
you've got in your hand
yep this is also available right now on
circular comm you can find it here
I wanted definitely better than PB isn't
it get older got ya
good Clinton yeah we think this one is
called Tonya know she changed her mind
now Sandra Sandra Oh is she the cutest
little dog her little eyes are so cute
Bobby's dog
can you shut up so Joseph yes what's our
secret project we've been working on for
like a year a year well I blame for
years oh yeah this is a minute meaning
to do for so long but life got busy look
what we've gone and done we had
conceives realized 3:00 p.m. today we
released so close man yeah so me and Joe
have a selection of items we want to
quickly share with you that are
available to buy right now so I will
leave a link in the description box let
us know which ones are your favorites
plus we've been teasing this an awful
lot in social media notice and a lot of
you just thought will you bring a
calendar and a phone case oh just you
wait there's more you also have a gray
zip-up hoodie premium-quality zip lovely
little logo on the side beautiful and it
weighs like a feather it's great weight
like a feather it's very lightweight and
fun and cool next up we have next up we
have the car cue honey all right cool I
use more olive this is one of my
favorite this is great snuggly on the
sofa watching your favorite Christmas
films classic so globe trademark logo
trademark we got some t-shirts Oh have
we here we go Joe is excited we've got
gray they say people next up we've got
the black t-shirt well my personal
favorite man that song black and or by
Sam sparrow
take some spiral Sam Smith one of the
Sam's either way what purchase it was
for us to get this right this copper
foiling it's a changes this is the white
one I've got one on under here you can't
see it next up we've got the gray now
the Grays and my personal favorites but
don't go jogging or anything it because
if you sweat you're gonna see the stains
here we go next up we have the gray I
love the gray great with my favorites I
think Rose rose gold coppery you know
mostly there's their copper boy your
house would be just made out of copper
if you could phone cases I'm really
excited about these I think these are
one my faves
I mean I like everything but we have
this one which is me and joy there we go
and it's got a little slugloaf logo in
the bottom and then Joe so you move
forward that's it get that shot you
can't do it and then we've got this and
actually million jokes selected to these
images so half of them are the images I
selected and half of them of the images
Joe selected it's basically a phone case
of everything we like let us know the
cost below if you can try and guess
whose objects yeah comment below guys
okay so that's the two phone cases and
of course there will be which we
actually use that your friend there so
me and Zoey both have the same phone
case and ours only Weiss got that one
and only white so everyone's reckon
though how could you want next up we
have the poster no one knew we were
bringing this up do I know any of the
posters this is a genuine genuine
genuine once again the Rose door kind of
coppery feel to it
very nice I don't know what I know it
made me a cardboard that is that's a
nice firm cardboard be able to attack in
the top corners on your bedroom wall
Bosch we've got it says I didn't choose
a sub like the sug life chose me we said
classic saying you said for our time
loving a frame oh yeah yeah that's their
thing frame everyone I look it's shiny
yeah I love it and also we can be
signing a loan of these probably
throughout our time just also may be
signing a load of these posters just to
give out randomly when it's saying
random posters if you order one you
might even get one signed we also have
SOG life stickers but there was any one
stickers there were slightly like raised
remember this design
remember these okay hang on I want
always focusing on my face with your
hand that's why that's it there you go
see these lovely drawings the stickers
are of these and they're like really
good size very like quality very
slightly like raised it let me sense
yeah we don't have any right now to show
you I will have some tomorrow yeah but
we can insert some pictures let's do
that now boom oh look how good they look
and finally drop water is the big one we
also as you know ages ago in October I
think she was in a photo shoot for
another secret project we can find a
reveal we have the sug like rewind 2017
calendar this is like my favorite
without a doubt I'm gonna show you just
a back of it I don't wanna give away the
pictures in that lot but what my
favorite beverage beverage my favorite
by far is it yeah Homer said okay well
show you two we recreated old photograph
of us when we were kids but you know
what a lot of you guessed in the
comments below what would be which is
amazing I say social media story it's
kind of like a throwback live it's quite
90s obviously me and Joe both children
of the 90s and we very carefully
selected which pictures in order to
recreate and with an amazing team I
think we did a fab create a photo
this is unbelievable honestly I think
this is a crack and cozy so grab one of
these now perfect Christmas present or
just good to start the new year because
also you can actually write your plan
yeah look it's my birthday happy
birthday to me it says oh nice oh nice
yeah Joe oh you don't
like much joy I really hope you guys are
excited oh sorry that was rubbish
look at the elbow links to everything
will be down below all really really
reasonably priced I think there's
something for everybody perfect
Christmas presents yeah or if you just
want to treat yourself yeah treat
yourself also we just want to say thank
you so much to all of you for your love
and support and for always being there
and enabling us to do really cool things
yeah because without you we wouldn't
have any wouldn't be wearing this we
wouldn't have like a bloody calendar of
ourselves we would have phone cases of
art this isn't of ourselves but we know
phone cases with our faces on we
wouldn't have this I mean it's thanks to
you guys that we can do that guys I'm so
excited to see people using the stuff
like I haven't even reconsidered the
fact that once we sell this people are
gonna actually oh yeah once you do get
anything from so glad oh inside that
make sure you tweet it tweet a picture
we hang out twist your phone cases
calendars trees the posters t-shirts
yeah we will be favoriting and
retweeting the loads of you that buy the
stuff also make sure to follow the sub
life Twitter and Instagram I will leave
the links down in the description
basically just go crazy in this will be
will be posting loads of your pictures
of you wearing our merchandise through
the sub life Instagram yeah and Twitter
so that's exciting that is very exciting
we need to leave this lovely room now we
did honey boo okay enjoy P and I really
hope you like it oh yeah TomSka hoodie
got really shake I can't wait to see you
wearing it in both my home like Shawn's
got his hoodie on as well we're all wrap
in it see you yeah
see you in a week
okay guys are you ready to leave yeah
glorious Christmas house I'm all ready
to get Wi-Fi yeah oh my god I can't wait
to get signal and get Wi-Fi and like
actually check my Twitter mentions video
went up yesterday oh no I think it did
well your tweet up anyway no I think
we're gonna actually head into bar for a
bit because we're about an hour okay
yeah that's I mean this us a bit so yeah
get ahead out it's gonna be fun
we thought you know what that's not
really that far out of the way let's
just go there because we've been trying
to plan coming typical to the Christmas
markets for like a year
there isn't another time that we're
going to come to borrow insurance
stealing the Apple store just making
sure the block gets up on time and
thankfully it will be so I'm very very
happy about that come to a place called
Comptoir Lebanese a Lebanese candy
lemonade lemonade
it's so cool in here
maybe's yeah
though foods arrived so I'd show you it
I've only gone for some hummus and pizza
because I'm saving myself for their
market now he's got these bits and
pieces the
and look at it it's like a massive meze
please know you're really lovely is it
that your sub-sites
thank you yeah it's cool isn't it warm
pizza as well Yahoo and you don't need a
phone booth fill it with ball balls go
Christmas
oh it's oh it's toasted hazelnut
cinnamon caramelized nuts oh my gosh
look bar Christmas market little thing I
want to get in it
where's Alfie he's just door
laughs Christmas mark those caramelized
nuts not so fucking good happy
we actually bought some Christmas
presents which was quite unexpected and
we don't have a lot of room in the car
so I can't go to have some really lovely
stores here I feel like these stores are
a little more creative than the ones in
Edinburgh would you say yeah these like
more like cross see crafty mulled wine
is very pretty isn't it very very very
so this is like me and Poppy's favorite
like ever because it smells incredible I
feel like we need to get like some it
looks so Christmasy
but have this shop that's open all year
round called December 25th and is an
entire shop dedicated to Christmas so
what better time to go in this feels so
weird with you guys this is pretty much
where I spent like the majority of my
teenage years especially in here so
there was a flop shot but remember fall
for the music shop I think oh yeah I do
actually
so mix this with sparkly no I think this
was fob obviously now it's so calm and
there was another shop and when I went
through my pearls into to his face it's
where I bought all my like crazy skirts
because they used to make them my
component you forgotten what it was
called if any of you ever grew up in but
let me know in the comments but it was
like here it was it was here and I don't
remember what it was called obviously
it's not that's not what it is now
like for a while yeah it's really pretty
look at the fence cookies I would get
many events cookie from there there's a
shop called pug and puffin and I've no
idea what it is but I want to go in
there oh my god they do dog clothes
unique guess the you okay can we go in
there huh
it looks amazing we're going in pug and
puffin Park no there's not not a real
one yeah like stroking all day that's
there thank you if you're ever in bath
and you have a dog go in there hug and
puffin
so they have a little pocket there guys
we found father Christmas don't do it no
it's so scary but you know 100% I would
buy that and put that on our next year
I'm gonna have that you enjoying this
yeah really enjoying this so festive a
little spontaneous trip so should we
just have a little wonder round and then
hit the road cuz I'm flunking and I
still got two and a half hours to drive
more also this is the most unflattering
angle here I Alfie look no more
I can't this coming soon Alfie deyes
cover I'm not sure I can face it
I might have to wait outside it's shot
came alone
so look at the light I love that it's
like a blanket of light
that's so come on guys oh lush have had
an upgrade
along the street with Carol's oh wow
he's joining in oh sure that's beautiful
we need to find a toilet before we get
back in the car because I know I got a
little thing on your
Saiki
on a scale of one to ten how tired are
you
we still have like an hour and a half
left maybe two hours depending on
traffic all I'm thinking about is
getting home taking off my makeup
getting my dog and getting into my bed I
went to bed at 10:00 but then I kept
waking up and then I was awake fully at
6:00 yeah so I've been awake since 6:00
we are I would say a quarter of the way
into the journey and so we've only got
three quarters left plus we could stop
at any time he really likes the smell
though so maybe he'll be like sniffing
his hands now anyway
we'll keep you updated because that's
what you do when you vlog don't ya we're
home and I don't want to take my hat off
because it's so cold so we're wrapping
up oh my god no
this smells of anal glands buzz was
lying on air no I was so excited to wrap
up in that if you've got a dog you know
what I'm talking about if you haven't
and don't worry we are going to watch I
look dead look at my face I look dead
like in a little ball
do you want a bath fall asleep and drown
we're gonna watch Arthur Christmas oh
yeah I'm very excited about I think I
might end a video here because there's
probably there's probably not much else
we're gonna do today apart from sir have
pizza and watch Arthur Christmas and
chill but I really hope you guys are
excited for sug life me and Joe have
worked so hard on it for a really really
long time to make sure that it's the
best it can be at the best price it can
be for everybody which obviously is a
very difficult task but hopefully I
think we've succeeded and yeah let me
know in the comments what you're most
excited for give the vlog a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and I'll see you again
what am I gonna see them again actually
very freaking tomorrow tomorrow I'll see
you tomorrow
and I'm not No yeah bye
