good morning everybody today is a very
exciting day because I get to show you
lots of new things that are coming out
this month it's this month how quickly
is that gone I've been working on these
things for like over a year and now I
have you've been to the gym did you have
a great session
I don't work yesterday can we just talk
about that yeah two days in a row
thank you me all about that gym life
myself and poppy are driving to London
because I still am not the best that
frames takes about yeah I actually enjoy
driving to London oh also I haven't put
this autumnal wreath up to celebrate all
your ha no no yeah well I've left that
one I am gonna put this away because I
was doing some baking just mean
Halloween it means
autumn I put this up because I was
filming something I've just kind of left
at that anyway may pop you're driving I
actually quite enjoy the drive to London
I think it's nicer Halloween
yeah I did by Nala this toy from home
says yesterday basically I went to
HomeSense yesterday with poppy and they
have all the Halloween stuff so I did
get some Halloween decorations because I
want to do a Halloween party video so I
feel like that made sense we are going
to an apartment in London that has been
rented and we've basically filled it
chock-a-block all the rooms with all the
new stuff that's coming out so that's
the zoella Beauty Christmas and some of
the new things that nobody's seen yet
are also in the apartment so I am so
excited to see what it looks like I have
no idea I've seen mood boards but I
didn't want anyone to ruin it for me so
when we get there it's gonna be the
first time I've seen the apartment like
fully decked out so I'm really really
excited Alfie and Shaun are also gonna
come they are going on the train because
I'm going in the mini and boys in the
back of a mini is not
also they're going to get the train so
they're probably going to arrive around
sometime it's us to be fair and I'm
going to bring another let me see you
I'm telling the truth
swear on my life probably they're not
puppies anymore like that boy
oh no economists being so cute is it cuz
you're too are you tired this morning
we're gonna get her out of bed I was
like pushing her bubbly eyes like yeah
do you love auntie poppy no see you
later Nala mommy's going she just keeps
kissing you it's going by Nana just call
me the city driver yeah I've just
arrived at the right time I was these
apartments are really cool yeah it was
really hot it was absolutely fine you
guys would have been fine in the back
yeah oh no I wouldn't lift my legs I'm a
good broker right should we go in oh my
god I'm so excited at the same time is
poppy and Zoe wait isn't that strange
look okay okay
oh my god oh my god oh my goodness say
hello to everyone and then I'll probably
show you oh hi welcome to my apartment
come on then as you can see you're
stepping inside the extraordinary
hashtags a little apartments I've got
out via for cameraman and I'm going to
show you around because there's so much
to see so we're gonna get started hey
guys you said you wanted one take care
this is the bedroom now one thing I have
been working on which I haven't got to
share with you guys yet is that I have
done candles and diffusers as part of
zoella lifestyle then I've done in quote
what air quotes maybe just because it
doesn't really feel very real yet but so
well in life style is now a thing and I
am so excited because you guys know how
much I love all things home and
interiors and lifestyles so in here is
where we can kind of show off the
candles the diffusers and a few more of
the kind of cozier things candles we
have Davey picking Lazydays seaside
stroll mite Eden and gingerbread village
one of my favorite things though I'll
show you with this one cuz I've already
opened this one is how they open so they
open like this and then in each one
there's a different picture that
corresponds with the scent which I just
think is so cool I've never seen a box
open like that before
I'm very happy with that couldn't tell
you a favorite because I love them all
so much obviously gingerbread village is
gingerbread my tea
but floral seaside stroll is very fresh
Lazydays is kind of more of a linen ease
scent very nice for the bedroom and
daisy picking is also kind of like fresh
meadows which I really really like love
them all then we have the diffusers I'm
so happy with these we've got one in
every corresponding candle but also one
that isn't a candle quite yet because we
need to affect it but homemade treats is
basically like the tastiest smelling
cupcake you have ever smelled
basically smells like cupcakes
or oh my gosh yeah for the past four
months just to know it mark probably
knows this scent very well because he's
staying in the guest room quite a few
times so that's what that smells like
and then because obviously this is open
to bloggers press and on Saturday fans
and winners of the competition are
coming here as well so we've set them
all out this is Daisy picking with
daisies and you've got seaside straw
with all the little shells but this
giant egg which is the coolest thing
ever I kind of want one of these in the
house much as we had a big ANZ Lazydays
with some feathers and actually look
that's my legs a lot of you are like I
wonder what that shoots for it was for
the inside of a candle box you never
know and they might eat in which I do
have to say is up there with one of my
favorites so theater is based on the
smell of my garden when I look back and
work sure because in the summer my mum
had so many flowers and the garden just
not amazing so that's what that candle
is basically based on and then we just
got a really beautiful display it's
actually a gift set and as you can
every diffuser at my Eden so you can get
both in there and this which is my NASA
fix everything cushion
these aren't actually the final ones you
might think they look a bit not so
that's because these have been hand
stuffed by everyone who's helped put
this apartment together just so it we
show the pom-poms have been
hand-stitched on the real ones aren't
going to be stuffed manually at hand
stitched manually and they should be
arriving soon but this is just to give
you an idea I love this quote one of my
favorite quotes because Nats do you
expect this is a little gift sack it's
called lazy days and it's these socks
which are inspired by the socks here on
this shoe and the lazy days candle
come through here into the ensuite well
we have new additions to the core range
that's the classic collection that was
the first collection that ever came out
we've got some new items added to it we
also have a bath full of balls with a
Zen song cash
scooby doo / this is foaming bath soap
that you can scoop out pop under running
water pour in I just think it's really
fun in a tub of ice cream tub we also
have wondrous whip which is a whipped
body cream again you can kind of scoop
out I love the texture of this is really
really lovely because so many of you
loved the scrub we've brought the scrub
back permanently into the classic
collection so you've got scrub now and
last but not least one thing that has
been so highly requested and I was
already on it from day one it just took
longer to develop than we thought it
would hand sanitizer
so this is called handle heart and it is
one of my favorite hand sanitizer
la doesn't smell too much of alcohol and
it doesn't dry your hands out I really
like it there's a lot in it cool this
way follow me also can we just talk
about the lovely touches of this
apartment look at that I also really
want this in our bedroom so we work all
through here we've got the amazing
Christmas set up we've got fireplace
we've got the kissing station this has
got the lip balms here so people can try
these we've got this beautiful display
here with lots of the zoella Beauty
Christmas stuff on which I have already
shown you guys but obviously it's new
and it's coming out soon so we wanted to
have in the apartment and also because
then we get to make it really festive
beautiful fireplace all up the minis so
far so you can reply so a nice sofa sofa
this is a selfie spot perfect backdrop
love it pop in the baking section this
is because as you guys know the
Christmas range is gingerbread themed so
we have the hand cream and we have some
actual gingerbreads that you can
decorate the fizz bars
obviously you can't eat these ones but
yeah so this is the gingerbread station
and then over there we've got lard a jar
and some cute little notes that people
can take away and read which is very
exciting over here we've got table look
at this it just looks so impressive I
kind of want my dining room table to the
I miss at Christmas got the crackers
you've got the candles the ball balls
full of chalets then you've got the
Christmas tree and it's real enough does
that at the top
it was actually quite difficult to
source a Christmas tree in September and
it's got the shower get the bubbles
shower gel on there but we've also got
like all the bags and things put in
really cool perspex boxes which is so
cool and then lots of gifts under the
tree which I believe are actually gifts
for the viewers that come here on
Saturday hello look put this next bit
moving on to the office so as I was
saying lifestyle is a new thing that I'm
doing as I was saying lifestyle is
something I have not done before so I'm
really really excited to share the first
load of things with you so in the office
there's a lot of new things we've got
pencils
we've got notebooks
we've got post we've got mark the range
of different things I feel like the best
place to show you is probably over here
I also have a keyring I feel I have this
on my keys how many months I reckon four
months minimum no one notice and I
filmed it so many times and nobody
noticed I kept that secret we've got the
cushion that fits everything again and
then over here this is one of my most
favorite things topped with cream and
sprinkles and you screw it on you know
sometimes when you put them on does it
screw on yeah so that's really good to
know for sure if you put it on properly
you could screw it on so is it good this
is one of my favorite thing that's
called she designed her life she loved
its basically full of post-it notes so
you've got a small one here small one
here like normal kind of post-its list
and then like a diary style so each week
you can tear it off
which I love this is also something
I'm just like obsessed with it says once
upon a time it's like be bossed it's
like a really lovely like pleather
effect marble inside and then there's
four really lovely quotes in here here's
one your vibe attracts your tribe and
then on the end it says the end at the
back you know in the end the long day
it's very hot in here right oh the mug
comes in this gift set
so it says warm hands warm heart and
actually comes with these like adorable
little gloves here yeah yeah so they're
little knitted fingerless gloves and
that's so cozy I put it on the wrong
hand there you go and they match the
socks and they do match the socks the
other thing I have are bees which is the
pottering around storage parts I'm so
excited about these because I always
have little pots for pens pencils makeup
brushes or succulents and practices or
cacti so you've got one set blooming
marvellous which you can see here and
then one that says key and they're
copper and marble wrong pencils right on
point and then I decided to put a little
like sign-offs like normally how you
would sign off a letter or an email see
but hugs and kisses love from your
spitefully best wishes and yours truly
and they're in this like ombre kind of
neon peach color and I feel like that is
everything is that everything we've been
through the whole apartment so I really
hope that you're excited about it you
can follow though a lifestyle
on Twitter and Instagram and we're going
to be posting lots more photos of
everything anyway but this all comes out
this month so although it's been a
really long time in the making and I've
had to keep this a secret for so long
and I've been working so hard on all of
these things behind the scenes it
finally all comes out this month and I
am so excited for you guys to get your
hands on it to see what you think
it's just crazy isn't it I worked really
hard on us have SLG you know they've all
done an amazing job on this apartment as
well like amazing so yeah I really hope
that any bloggers and press coming here
tomorrow have a great time and also to
the viewers who won the competition I
hope you have an amazing time on
Saturday also one more thing we have
this massive cork board and I want
everyone who comes to take a picture of
myself and stick it on the cork board so
then by the end of it I'm gonna have a
cork board full of all these photos of
everyone that's been and then I'm going
to keep it yeah I want to put it in the
house yeah gotta get to the apartment
where is he so Joe has also come here to
meet us and have some lunch and see the
apartment I am so excited for him to see
it because it is crazy
I always tell like my friends and family
what I'm doing at the time but I forget
who I've told what because it feels like
I've been working on so many secret
things
so I don't know how much of this doe
seen or not but you ready may you've got
a few little holes in that yeah I I
walked her through a lot of bramble
bushes
oh come on in come into my to my
apartment yeah yeah I'm having that
afterwards yes no who's gonna want that
Joe just go in what do you think of it I
feel amazing
do you actually what's your favorite
thing in here it's almost too much to
choose from it's like this
I really like the note papers I've got a
hundred sent you so yeah I mean there's
some things that I you know I'm avoiding
I'm gonna like you can use the pencils
as you know I will still walk around
with this yeah I don't know I like one
of it he's amazing I would say to
everyone in my vlog you have one of
these you know keys for that six months
yeah no one knows yeah yeah no one knows
have you been touching it no it is
really four quid Oh Alfie the pirate yay
look the fast Polaroid me and Joe Alfie
you need to stick it up yeah Guinea I
look stupid in that they don't write
chosen the bar it reminds me of like
being it like playgroup will never again
but when you use to hide in the book
wait so there's a fan turn up here isn't
that yeah I'm those of you is telling up
here on Saturday right
I'm implying coming on Saturday that's
higher than deeper falls and they seem I
can spend a whole day hit here without
anyone noticing I think they would
notice you because you have a really
different it's your leg
I might camouflage they are not my wear
white jeans yeah maybe if you will why
really I'm not gonna be able to get in
there either
when you send a text message to the
wrong person
yeah mean Louise got an hour till it was
right now so now I don't know no marks
just be in a little wrap dropping it all
dad look at that that won't make I'll
put in the pit why is that
Oh mark go and sit in the kitchen in the
old way
does it smell good
smells like oh wait it's most familiar
sounds like being kick weight doesn't it
it smells like a home base yeah there's
something else I don't like paella so a
paella wait it's just some sort of like
don't be mean hey Mac you know it's
probably the glue in there because it's
so new yeah we just arrived today what's
your face oh don't don't even I knew
most things yeah I do have flaws
yes when I was traveling down yeah you
can take that into Starbucks and they
can put it in there yeah I love these
yeah the parts I love everything how
happy that I have a hand sanitizer now
oh my god
yeah and I feel like I'm gonna stop
right in I'm gonna stop right in because
yeah I knew I was a massive fan of dying
oh yeah
do you think it matters for boys if this
says she designed it like she loved know
who is crossed off the ass it's just one
of my favorite quotes yeah it's just so
small and classy and elegant oh yes
everything I'm not classy elegant
it's a pizza for everyone or two after
yeah you can have some of that joke it's
mostly for me and yet cuz everyone's had
a salad yeah go for it you tuck in Joe's
us now I'm just what have you got
Oh God bloody everything we're going to
town Joe's got a goodie bag look how
cute the goody bags are that's so cool
it says she designed her life she loved
you better keep this bag Joe and then
you've got his favorite diffuser and
candles the cream
give it I was looking for a tote bag and
I couldn't find one I was a video
where's anyone need except I bet you've
got kick them up
there's a scary so-and-so get a bit
crazy in here I think it's the heat
how much do you love it
nuts fix everything though you know
whatever that what's your favorite thing
your favorite the phone pit bull
we lived on it say Alfie favorite scent
is Lazydays isn't it yeah Lazydays de
y-yes I should've done that
shouldn't we actually should have that
would have been so funny if a lazy days
without he's like favorite scent or
something right
okay we make it we're gonna take some
photos together now and then we're
probably gonna hit the road jack buy a
partner oh I just want to quickly film
the co-op board
so you've got pop and owls being mark me
and Jeremy and poppy me and Megan
me and Shawn me and Maddie and me and
our I can't wait to get this back when
it's full of everyone's pictures by
apartment whose charger is at come on
guys get out of my apartment now and
we're lighting it's so bad
quick shot we're on our way home run
away home I'm going to go get food from
delivery we're also gonna have a
sleepover so you guys we're gonna stay
I'm staying at yeah it's like it's
population over and what film we gonna
watch me before you know campaign you
know campaign okay I don't even know
what be four years but the decision has
been made
head to a quick time-lapse although Zoe
likes our diet lapses longhead know
everybody it's the next day now and I
have just finished editing at this vlog
and it took me so so long I didn't
realize how much footage I had but as I
was editing it I realized I didn't give
you a lot of information I got really
caught up with the apartment I'm getting
to show the actual products I didn't say
when you could get them all way to get
them from so I have the list of things
in front of me and I'm going to read
them to you
okay so lifestyle will be in Boots
online and in store from the 19th of
September I'm really excited that things
are going into boots and boots is one of
my favorite shops ever so lifestyle is
going into boots so it will be the
keyring the pencils the pots all the
candles and all the diffusers besides
the gingerbread scent which is exclusive
to super drug so if you want to get hold
of the gingerbread candle or diffuser
you can only get that in Superdrug the
warm hands warm heart gloves and mug the
stationery book Lazydays candle and
socks set and the candle duo our to
scratch my chin there's a candle duo
I thought aligned oh I thought I'd
really badly blended my foundation but
it's just a line of light and the my
Eden candle in diffuser set so those are
all going into boots online and in store
from the 19th of September so not long
to wait
Superdrug will be online from the 19th
of September and in-store from the 21st
of September a selection of the
lifestyle products will also be going
into Debenhams
from the 3rd of october and a selection
of products will also be going into
waterstones
from the 1st of november because that's
a lot of different dates for you but
lots of you are asking me where you
could get it and when you
could get it so those are the dates that
I've just been given and of course the
Christmas collection is available
in-store and online at superdrug and
feel unique from the 26th of September
also the pamper hamper is exclusive to
Superdrug also so superdrug have
exclusivity on the pamper hamper and the
gingerbread fragrances I thought your
snapchatting me then I was like so the
new additions to the core range will be
going online and in store at superdrug
and feel unique towards the end of
September early October we don't have
specific dates yet and there's one more
very exciting thing that's coming to
boots which I still have to keep schtum
for now but there is one more super
exciting item which I cannot reveal yet
but just stay tuned I feel like I can
probably share it with you fairly soon
so anyway thank you so so much for all
your amazing support on Twitter and
Instagram as I was saying before my
battery died the support has been
amazing online you've all been tweeting
about it and so many of you are so
excited which makes me so incredibly
happy so thank you so so much for always
just being amazing and the best I'm
gonna go now because it's been a really
long vlog but thank you so much for
watching I love you very much I'll see
you guys soon bye
