morning everybody we are downstairs in
the hotel having breakfast currently and
I just turned to outfi and noticed thing
you had how many drinks have you got
there
five drink two waters or introduced a
producer the tape is not normal like
drink shots right I know me too right we
got everything it's gonna do the
last-minute hotel checks I think are all
good by room it was so nice to meet you
stay in you the bed was really comfy did
you enjoy it
are you ready for another four hours in
the road in the road on the road that's
okay this is where we have to have a
little go of Tetris and normally Alfie
is the one that has to do it because no
one else can do it as good as Alfie that
wasn't it came from like down here
there's a car no something was it your
phone oh yeah pick those up just we
don't break them yeah I think I do yeah
wash your drive in yeah we basically
have no room to go shopping in Edinburgh
yeah we could do that Alfie went to Zara
this morning and picked me up some bits
because he's just the best in the world
yeah which is a bummer I really like it
you can't see the back Oh has it got a
tiger on it
there we go you two go my fade in
editing and they all went off shopping
and I'll be back some prison look at
this amazing building it's so cool
are you ready kid are we ready kids
editing my vlog there's bits in the back
where you're singing to your chocolate
raisins to my chocolate raisin yeah I
feel like it's new and I you're singing
you and I team into my dive into my foam
be probably gone since I swear on my
life it was - your chocolate raisins
really satisfying actually we have ring
finger we've now made the first stop she
body spray we've made the first pit stop
of the journey from Liverpool to
Edinburgh sure like Frankie we are about
to go inside a welcome break just
checking in with the vlog I need a was
so bad we've only done 40 minutes at the
journey
William right quick I feel like after
this it's gonna be the bulk of it though
that all boats away
aye so after this we do like a two-hour
ban and then another stop off okay
to our fangs if any of your wondering
Alfie did give me a massage last night
it was really good actually well done ow
my back feels good today can't wait for
my one later when we get to Edinburgh
never thought does it never stops okay
we're going inside to get some food
really I left my camera in the car so
I'm just gonna use my phone but being
Shawn I've just bought some doughnut it
was really awkward because the man that
served us Shawn paid for them and you
ain't always he find you doughnuts I was
like yeah
he was that all that love that it's know
it that's love Sean and he said it's
almost like a proposal really meaning to
him I like it bill it was like yeah but
would she say yes I'm sure might well I
hope no she's not waking up from I know
I was I was going not love Sean that's
love
yeah and then I think cuz when I kept
pushing it Sean was like well no she's
not my girlfriend and then he was like
oh is she have sister I was like pretty
much who's so funny just kept on going
it was like I love that is that's like a
proposal would she say yes yeah we went
for biscotti and one glazed
alfie we didn't get you on Fox because
we thought you wouldn't eat her she's
too healthy look at out what the hell is
that oh yes
vegetarian yeah I don't really think
there's anything else we really need I'm
gonna get one of my Starbucks drinks
because you guys know how much I love
those but yeah this is quite cute little
service station what was the name of
this service station
something really weird yeah we've lost
Alfie that is going for a week
clearly is not always because it's been
a really long time I really wanted a
Starbucks and I could have quite Alfia
short turns out there in Starbucks
so if Alfie's ordered everything that I
would have wanted he's gonna get some
serious boyfriend points I just don't
know if he has let's go and find out did
you get me a drink this oh dude when
you're covering with a knight no no I
was going what did you want you wanted
the smallest I nearly got you this I
just said to my vlog well I said to Sean
should I get her one and then he was
like she's come to get her own sandwich
in that in a minute and I said I could
have got you your sandwich try this
indriya we deal oh there is so much food
in this
oh okay so it is now quarter to three
listening to a little bit of Celine Dion
and this is our second service stop
where is this service stop I have no IDE
like I have literally no idea where we
are let me check on the map some of the
views of this Drive have been so amazing
like the m6 is just the best motorway I
have ever driven on it's so nice
I'm really sorry if this vlog feels like
deja vu from yesterday I feel like this
is gonna be a lot of time lapses you
know me I love a good time lapse okay so
we're near Carlisle at the moment we
still have a little bit more of the m6
to do and then it looks like we might be
going on the a7 for we're two hours away
oh we've only done two hours why is it
going so slowly I hope you're all having
a good day today anyway
and yeah ow this is the only thing about
glass bottles is you bash your teeth on
them anyway
I'm gonna go now because I want to
stretch my legs out but we got another
two hours to go so I'll see you then
where's the off button prettiest every
time
you
the cow like weird stop 1 2 + thank you
I'm Venezuelan it
oh you know I need you I need you right
now
we're here look at these - oh my god I
am officially driven to Edinburgh how
many people can say they've done that
Hey
going on a little walk into town now
because the Internet's Harold know what
even is that for what's that for so
heading into town because I'm just
getting a hold on this chair because the
Internet's not so great where we're
staying so we're going to find some
internet upload our logs look at the
little cobbled Street love it already
it's like being in bath but not but I
love it but I think in our quest to find
internet now he's taking us up the
steepest hill Oh God also I'm not a
focus my legs aren't used to this much
like exercise wow it's so dang that's so
pretty
Wow oh my god look from here
it was worth okay back on the internet
hunt ice as a tram is that what they're
called yeah a tramp that's got Wi-Fi
look it's got Wi-Fi let's get on it yeah
we could have bloody got the tram up
this hill
oh well we needed to stretch our legs is
fine look at it it's very pretty I love
it I believe this is Sun and yeah I
believe this is an Andrews Square which
is where lots of people have said for us
to go is it's an Andrew square I guess
because the festival's on and look
there's loads of things in there it's at
Andrew square garden
what's that
yay Internet of light up until now now
the roads are black
if now lots of boys to gadget
so with that down oh my god have got
cramp in my leg I'll be save the day and
giving me a spare battery Sean how are
you I think editor so DIF brilliant
means sure hope this thing where we
coffee everyone's accents and we need to
stop doing it weird really shouted out
in the Apple store just then being like
what did you even know but we'd like
Sean's repeats and the people yes anyway
we're in where are we against and
Andrews garden oh my god and this is so
cool
what's it matter let's find out like all
these people with these big pieces of
pizza incredible just trying to decide
between Mexican and pizza and he did
like a fair when life gives you lemons
make two things with lemonade right what
are we doing then lad should we go find
somewhere to sit without these phone
line to go let's just talk about the
fact that there's a van that says creme
brulee which is one of my favorite
desserts oh my god how am I
thank you
he looks like
about night
back flap now and I just tripped over a
shoe
guess what started I'm so excited dead
it's a body by car and what you don't
know it's Sean's on it this year ready
oh my god you guys I don't think you
realize how much I love the bake-off
Alfie knows how much I love the Baker
it's just one of my favorite programs
it's still like blows my mind that I was
on it yeah it was I'll have to say it
was one of the most nerve-wracking
things I've ever done in my life but I
feel like hey I've got a bit better like
yes it's just the best program in the
world
and I'm so happy that it's back on I
watched the first episode in a beautiful
flat in Edinburgh yeah poppies on no
Mitch blow you play some cozies on got
my PJs armed and we've ordered a Jamie's
Italian for dinner
and we're just watching some TV it's
really really nice and chilled
I really like the arancini balls Sean
like the balls do that balls out mim-mim
