good morning happy Monday I thought I'd
start my weekly vlog on a Monday this
week because last week I started it on a
Thursday and I thought it would start by
doing my makeup Alfie's in the gym I've
got another snoozing on the run behind
me and we have painters and decorators
in the house so flocking is gonna be
again much like last week a little bit
difficult but I'll give him a best shot
using effaclar duo
honestly I don't ever not use this I
love it I just put it on all my problem
areas basically which is my chin round
my nose and I've also had these weird
like maintenance spots but caps on my
face that sounds really unpleasant but
yeah I've just had these little those
scabs on my cheeks I think it was when
it was very sunny and it just dried out
my skin a little bit but AHA this is the
rebuilding moisturizer need to get me
brows done
oh I think I may have gone slightly
overboard in the sense that my eyes are
very very smoky and possibly more for a
night out not on Monday morning taking
the dog to the vet but right we're in
the car
I've got Nala taking her to the vets to
check up on her bacterial eye infection
which I don't think he's getting better
she won't let me wipe it she squeals
like it's painful for her she is on anti
pain medication what's that good pain
relief you don't pain relief medication
so I just don't know I don't know I
don't feel like it's getting better
she's on three rounds of eyedrops a day
and pain relief and I don't know just
have a feeling they're gonna say oh it's
really improving you're just living in
the vets at the moment Nala it's also a
bit more difficult because I haven't
really been to the office much I'm like
balancing my camera right now I haven't
really been to the office much because
we've had builders in the house and nyle
has been ill so I'm pretty much had to
do all my work from home which
funnily enough has been quite a shocker
because going from always working from
home and then having the office to now
being like I want you to stay at home to
work I'm definitely not as productive
but yeah let's go to the vets and see
what they say are you ready crusty eye
you don't like coming here do you so the
verdict is it's not a bacterial eye
infection it's an ulcer which if we had
good light right now you'd be able to
see it she had to have diaper in her eye
which is why it looks like someone's
emptied a fluorescent highlighter and
you can see there's a little there's a
little dent in your eye you've got an
ulcer which makes sense as to why you
want to kill me every time I want your
eye because it's so painful for you oh
so we've got new eyedrops
we've got pain medication and we're
gonna make you right as rain there I can
see it I can see you're all set who's
that slight change of plan and we've
come to the garden centre because a
Mandarin Niki here with buzz and I
thought it would make Nala really happy
to see to see buzzy but also I really
want to look at morehouse long
making honey they're quite slow on a go
tired
don't know what are you doing and
they're going in through that hole yeah
that's so cool it will land in noise
they do the best chutneys in here a
little known fact about Nala she always
has to be in front of everybody and then
she's happy so right now is like perfect
Nala
position successful look at me just
wants to be with you he doesn't want to
you okay with that took the roof off to
get all the plants in yeah right see you
later bye I've now come out with poppy
and we're in home base looking for more
bigger
we have both it is very good for house
but if you need house on home base is
the one we've got quite a lot
I already bet loads from the garden
center but they were smaller so I've got
quite a few longer taller ones and some
hanging ones which I want to try and put
up in the bathroom which is why I've
bought some hooks in reality I have no
idea what I'm doing so I'm gonna go ask
somebody else to do this I know it won't
turn you have to pull it so walk towards
me that pull it behind you yeah you done
it you okay in there
enter hold that like what's this not
that exit the entrance doors open so Zoe
can reverse why am I still holding out
that's not your actual old car star I'm
actually company you forgot you had that
color there you've got to reverse the
whole way you got there notes to any
plant buyers if you're thinking of
buying some bigger ones that you need to
lay down use plastic bags because then
you're not gonna get soil spillage
you'll probably still get a little bit
of soil spillage but not as much yeah
look at that it's like a carpet of green
I just want to see what Poppy's
contending with okay it's not too bad
you're just gonna look like a sign of
jungle
oh good oh my god we couldn't really got
any more no I think we're done much fine
hello yes how are you know it come to
your voice conference hosted by buzz
conferencing to proceed please enter
your seven-digit pin after the tone if
you don't have a pin
please wait for further instructions
please record your name after the turn
Zoey the number of people on this
conference is to say for any questions
good morning it is Tuesday and I'm
basically doing a load of calls this
morning that I need to do about various
contracts and it's just one of those
things where to me it sounds like
someone speaking in an entirely
different language but you need to find
yourself good people that break it down
for you in English which I'm now eating
a penguin I'm gonna read you the joke
because who is a Penguins favorite
family member
arn't Arctica
my mind was totally blown last night
because Alfie and his dad went to play
golf and me and his mum Amanda just sat
in on watch TV and my mom had told
Amanda to watch the orangutan jungle
school and so we were searching it and
trying to put it on and it was then I
realized that I've been saying a rounded
tang my whole life and there's no G on
the end of orangutan so it's a rad new
tan and then I asked everybody else and
everyone else was saying orangutan so
how am i gon 28 years of thinking
there's a G on the end of a rakish angle
even when I was searching for the
programs we could watch it I even added
a G on the end and that's not how you
spell it all right ute and a run Newton
around your time what a round Newton
jungle school is really key program so
you should watch that if you get a
chance anyway I'm now going through we
have a program that we use there's quite
a lot to download actually if you like
me like a good list I find it so much
easier to use these kind of
organizational apps because you can
create lists create boards add labels
color code everything and there's lots
of really really good ones we're kind of
like testing a few to see which ones we
all prefer because we use them as a team
so everybody can comment and give
feedback and I just I just love using
these so much easier than scrolling
through emails trying to find
conversations you've had or to find
details of a brand deal or a job or
something that you kind of discussed
months and months before that you then
have to go looking for it all in one
place
and I would honestly say it's one of the
things that's made me so much more
organized in 2000 we were using it last
year but in 2018 specifically so I can
have different boards in different
columns for like brand deals like a
quarterly invited columns that
everywhere we're at with all the
invitees then we have a whole other
section for similar beauty which is
currently where I'm trying to go and I
can see all the things I need to reply
to so I just try and stay on top of this
because there's a lot of conversation
going on all the time there's a lot of
detail there's a lot of things on each
ant so there's a lot of things I need to
be on top of so I'm going to spend a
good few moments going through this just
to make sure I'm on top of everything
what's this excess beauty and lifestyle
dates all those all the dates okay going
up to November perfect there's actually
so many but these are all really good
because for the team who work on social
they need those dates to be promoting
certain things to be like shouting out
and things going to store when there's
going to say or so that's very important
for everyone to be able to access
currently going through Christmas Beauty
gifting content ideas which I always
think is one of my favorite oh my phone
is just going nutso which is always one
of my favorite things to do for each
launch because we can chat through any
giveaway ideas competition ideas content
ideas how to make it interesting for
everyone that follows the social
channels and just to kind of keep it
with the theme of the range
hello right Zoe
hello I'm good how are you
okay thank you so much have a nice day
well ain't Miss Chester you angle hello
and welcome to Wednesday you're gonna
have to deal with this angle for a
minute because the camera track because
my camera tripod is in Alfie's car so
you can't actually see my mouth Hey
nothing much is happened this morning
apart from me being extremely bored with
my hair and not being bothered to wash
it so I just
corkscrew cold it because you can't tell
it's greasy when you do that because it
dries the heck out of your hair
bye lover we took canola back to the vet
this morning and the redness around her
eye is definitely better so fingers
crushes on the bed
but we are still doing her three drops a
day and medication and I have to take
her back in two days
I feel like I've spent my week in the
beds three times in a week so yeah it
definitely doesn't seem like it's
causing her as much pain which is really
good I am now heading it's been dark
this is like the worst angle Hey hi I'm
now heading to get my brows done with
Poppy yeah they're good they actually
grew really quickly this time it's the
summer though why do you think in a week
yeah that's so excited brows are done
I love getting me brows done you're
stripped like an amount really bushy
brows for once mine weren't actually
like the most slug like this one was
more slug-like than this one that always
happens I must like sleep on one side
yeah she did say I'd lost a few hairs in
the front and I'm like why would that
happen she's like I don't know sometimes
it does though grow back I was like yeah
I don't touch my eyebrows I'm not sure
of UMass examining even telling her I
could hear someone else's footsteps but
they're actually quite far away I am now
gonna drop puppy back head home and
crack on with editing your editing yeah
you need to edit I can't start thinking
about a domino so I might have to edit
and get a dominate I think my colors
have dropped out a bit now and it just
looks really like nice and - sold I love
it I really should do this a little bit
more often I think it's because it's
very hit and miss sometimes you nail it
sometimes you don't but it's definitely
better to do it in dirtier hair than to
do it in freshly washed I really wanted
to show you after I went to home base
with Poppy I bought a lot of hanging
plants because I really really want to
put some up in my bathroom but we don't
have hanging up planters big enough
right now to put these in so I just hung
them up on this beam so they could carry
on growing get a lot of light and they
wouldn't get crushed just like sat on
the floor on the side if I actually kind
of love how they look on here I think I
think I look really cool so as much as I
didn't buy them for this everybody who's
been round has complimented them so I
might leave them here what do you guys
think
I'm now going to start my edit shut the
bat sauce get myself an icy cold drink
head upstairs and start the editing
process because it's gonna take me a
while oh it takes so long to edit you
guys and I think it's because I over
film so much footage and I have put this
expectation on myself that everyone
loves a long vlog even though I know
it's not true and I have like friends
who are like I can never watch your
books is there far too long and I'm far
too busy which I guess I think it
depends because I like long vlogs I'm
just gonna put you here even though my
battery's flashing I like not vlogs
because I put them on when I'm doing my
makeup in the morning or I'm doing my
hair or in the bar I prefer something
that I don't need to like search for
like carry on searching for more videos
to watch afterwards I'd much prefer
something long however I do know that a
lot of people watch them when they get
like a spare 20 minutes in their day so
I'm so conflicted I think I need to find
an in-between I need to be like 20 to 25
minutes because mine are getting
ridiculously long at the moment and it
kind of puts me off wanting to edit them
because if you're watching a 50 minute
vlog that means it was about three hours
see ya that is how I'm feeling about
that so I'm gonna now go upstairs and
try and edit my vlog oh my god oh my
gosh I don't know if I mentioned in the
vlog but we've had Hornets in our house
and I can't even tell you like I'm
absolutely covering goosebumps and feel
like I could throw up there
massive which is editing my video here
with Nala who is completely unfazed and
I heard it come through the window
because trust me you hear a hornet
because it sounds like a freaking
electric razor it's that loud and I
bolted out the bed ran downstairs to get
our wasp spray because that's the only
way you'll get a horn out there's no way
you'd go anywhere near it try and get it
out there is not a single insect or bug
in the whole of the UK apart from a
house spider which crawled on my face
and has given me an irrational fear but
even they are nothing compared to a
Hornet oh my god I just feel like that
on me
I think it's dead and I'm sorry if you
love Hornets but honestly when I show
you the size of this frame beast you'll
understand and there's no amount of you
trying to convince me it'll only sting
you if you antagonize it no this little
I was hovering at my height okay if you
don't like Hornets look away now oh my
god what if it's not dead no I don't
think I can show you okay well I'm just
gonna wait for Alfie to get back because
I can't lift that towel this is a fear
that I didn't know I had until two weeks
ago because I'd never seen a Hornet
before two weeks ago turns out there
must be a nest around where we live
because we actually messaged our
neighbours and asked them if they had
any Hornets in their houses or whether
this was an issue that we needed to call
like pest control for because if we had
a Hornet nest on the side of our house
it's not good if one of them stings Nala
but also they're just
so terrifying so we were really nervous
that we had a Hornet nest
on the side of our house or in our roof
because that's where they tend to go
like in rubes and stuff but the
neighbors have also had Hornets so there
must just be a nest I don't know in one
of the trees down the back or something
oh but that is the fifth one we've had
in the house in the last two weeks oh my
god my entire body is I don't know if
you can even see on my arm I'm covered
in goose bumps and every hour of the
night I woke up thinking it was on me it
was near me I would have dreams about it
I literally got no sleep because I was
convinced that it was like under the
covers on my leg or like on my arm or on
my face and I have never encountered a
Hornet before I moved to this house I'm
pretty sure we must have had them like
if my mum and dad are watching they'll
be like we had them when we lived in
Wiltshire but I don't know if I don't we
had wasps like we would have wasps that
would like wake up when it got warm and
like buzz around my bedroom but never
Hornet I have never seen anything like
it
Oh get Alfie to show you when he comes
back from his parents house but I've
never jumped out this bed so quickly in
all my life okay I'm fine it's dead a
hundred percent no I got I'm trying to
be brave so yours it's not under this
little bit no it's it's under that layer
I wonder the whole thing Oh No Alfie's I
can't you can tell me when I tell me you
know you don't oh yeah you get that clay
look at the freaking size of it compared
to my little now I have a small little
finger but can we just take a minute
look at the size of it compared to my
little finger didn't pick you for your
I'm sorry that is dead I just told ya
I'd never seen a Hornet before this year
only wasp is lives along aren't they
yeah can we like throw it out now
you guys smell in me because I've had a
bonfire night oh I love the smell of
bonfire no good acid got a head purpose
in my hand a bit stinking is it I feel
like because she's been on her diet not
diet food bad tummy food made her breath
smell better anyway I'm gonna say good
night now do you like my hair by the way
yeah I think he looks really good I'm
gonna say good night
we're not gonna open the windows tonight
what no no no just in case anymore come
in wet we can turn the fan on
good night
