good morning everybody this morning I am
going to do a photo shoot with Alex
Cameron she is a really cool
photographer and she's done quite a lot
of work with Meg which is wonderful you
she's coming too but yeah it's what I'm
doing this morning so I've done some
very simple eyes and a red lip and I'm
just not sure my hair is cooperating
today but I have so much to do today
I don't really know where to start
I've got this shoot for a couple of
hours and then lunch and then I need to
edit my vlog from yesterday filming at a
main channel video and then mark is
coming tonight because we've got the
exciting thing tomorrow I'm also going
through a lot of working things later on
this evening so I feel like today is
gonna be very jam-packed lipstick I
currently have on is red carpet red by
Charlotte Tilbury I really really like
it I can't speak today I'll bring my
camera with me and film some stuff we
need to get up we're at Kipling gardens
in rotting Dean which I've never been to
before I'm here with Alex I'm Meg and
I'm currently wearing the prettiest
wedding dress it's something I haven't
told you guys today is actually my
wedding explain your photography project
it's called the giant project and my
awesome boyfriend will builds these
things giant props it's so impressive
I've giant swing which makes us on yeah
giant egg and giant I like the
paintbrush that one was so cool loving
it yeah the key the key here there's a
giant horse don't hook rocking horse
yeah that was that was a purse yeah
they've been a bunch skill to have to be
able to make something look so good
what's big well
yeah so he built a giant watering can
come on getting me back so I would you
can get in it do you get in I was gonna
say you should like never on the fun
money's like is in the top of it how
would I get out so I will leave a link
in the description so you can go and
check out if you've got them all up on
your my website yet so you can go and
see it we just made friends with two old
men one called John who said who's the
bride e the bridesmaid I said no I'm the
bride John and he said what are you
virginal are you don't look very very
bad you know so do you remain below this
watering can have you ever seen anything
like Jame okay it is so impressive I
don't know why it looks even more
impressive when it's in a garden yeah
yeah yeah sorry Oh glory just mine just
mind the giant watering can behind the
scenes I was I mean you look lovely she
trumped you well she doesn't the flower
crown looks really nice actually Alex
his little head what yeah oh so so this
is also on so he's blog
yes I'll a bride but if I oh she look at
my hair
we're done yeah yeah how did it go
whether at least a couple that I look
okay in it's quite fun to do that or
like you do it very well run with their
dress and I like take the dresser I know
I look like I'm from PLL right now we're
off now and it's just started raining
that's really good timing
thank you so much guys are you even in
shots I'm trying to do like trouble I
knew you were trouble when you brought
your bread round no one will understand
Alfie and Mark were having a funny
moment saying that one of the the first
time Alfie met Marc Marc brought his own
loaf of bread round water today he
always does nobody 42 litre one that
booze like I was just letting mark try
some of the sourced box snaps oh my god
you should try one of these they are so
delicious hang on put it straight in no
sniffing go chew that that's healthy
I didn't like that it's like a wrong
Christmas dinner
it's horseradish and beet through I knew
it was betrayed I met with beetroot you
just never owned it oh sorry mark trick
Jordan I know yeah I tried one of these
yesterday and I didn't I have to say I
wasn't as keen about them but there are
so many good let try these peaches dried
peaches so good it's nice FMS mm-hmm
that's so good aren't they
oh my god yeah mm-hmm the Kahala one
please yeah they're delicious okay just
get rid of the taste of horseradish and
beet root activated crackers what are we
doing give me my clover hundred times do
you know how hard it's gonna be to take
off okay well that's going to get all
stuck in my beard isn't it
Alfie wants to do the 100 layer liquid
lips
dick challenge I think it'll be fun it's
gonna be really fun it's national
girlfriend day this is just a waiter
waiter fun and celebrate life with my
girlfriend and she's put lipstick on me
lip gloss on me it's not lip gloss
outfits liquid lipstick so I brought
down my little collection I've got a
problem basically this is my liquid
lipsticks I need to sort this out so
I'll wholly use most of them today you
Mari no I don't want you to use them all
up I like all my liquid lipsticks look
at these new ones they're metallic and
color pop it's like a copper loads in
here got a nice little stash and I take
my strong head Boop
we're on Morehouse get my breath away
for on layer 17
taking so long how you finding it unlike
you know
or do I 18 anyone Myanmar little cry I
just love how you're just like it's so
passionate about the video Halloween
basically I got really excited because
bath & Bodyworks have all their autumn
candles and I know it's early and it's
not autumn yet but I love them so much
so I found this like website where you
can order things from America to it and
then it sends it on to you so I'm
basically you then we watched a little
Halloween video sounds like I really I
made a little Halloween video on my
second channel last year of like how I
decorated the house so everyone just
stop watching it and then spit in it
where I burn myself
giggles it's okay here the pumpkins how
its put myself in a condo these are from
Journal right you got watch it you can't
laughs okay hey certain of Isis made me
laugh so much I don't know it's like you
but he's a really cool kid and you're
just so excited to show but then you
just burn yourself right no nothing no
nothing
it's like a quiver in my tone when I
edited it I didn't laugh this much in my
Ottoman Halloween house tour where I'm
showing everyone I'd be like here's my
little thing I got lean down and I burn
myself yeah it's just the way I say it I
thought you have to watch so I'm being
really like everyone is like it's not
even that funny everyone else is gonna
be right is this the bit it's like one
of the first times you came around you
like this is one vlog that you did that
made me like cry of lobster sorry it's a
little bit like frog Oh
it's like half 12 I think we're just a
bit too Leary yeah well not one more
time one more very delirious anyway
sorry I'm sorry she would carry on
watching the ultimate Halloween house
store good night Martin good night Zara
good night
Albus you actually know you could be an
anger people used to always call me
Archie in school data fibre sobriety you
look like an Archie yeah you look like
an Archie whatever it's called the
register guys you look like I think go
in Glenn maybe Nigel Thornberry tweets I
saw the other day someone said you look
like nigel thornbury and I was like no
he does not look like no you thought
Barry White a jogger cricket Martina
no I think you look like this is going
over I think you look like a great no he
does not look like a Greg
I think you look like heaven
No Oh Adam you could be an atom or like
a Toby or something
James you look like a James Jake oh my
god yeah
or a Tom you know I could Jake or Tom or
something really cool like flounder or
like crusty all right rusty
what could I be a Sarah Chloe Chloe and
Zoey
Chloe sorry violet violet you're turning
violet violet
do you think Martha no you don't DFO
along it's 1:00 a.m. and we're deciding
you what make ethnicity and I'm afraid
for Mom
yeah I'll pee could be a Billy do they
think I could be like do you think I
could be like embargo clear you thinking
of Marjorie afternoon that really
address no I just forgot William Margo
right
I'm swimming baby holy night we Cornetto
Carlino steve do I know deafness Dave
what would you say you were
Sebastian and Edward you could do it
anyway
you could do an Edward yeah well
accident decide would have well I always
think of any word from Narnia
like fun we appreciate that I'm still
awake at when I am there's never you
could do another yeah you could do a
Rachel yeah you could do like a Chandler
friends you would because they let's be
honest
you'd be Gunther come through Nigel who
would you be in friends you'd be Joey do
you think yeah actually Joey's a bit of
like a I think you would be Chandler I
feel like in school I would have been a
Joey yeah cuz I ate a lot more I think
you're more of a Phoebe if I'm honest oh
yeah just men yeah I think you're I
think you're more like Phoebe who do you
think I'm like I think I'm a bit like
Monica yeah but then you can also be
Phoebe yeah and then a bit of Rachel
maybe all three yeah so Gunther Phoebe
bridge Monica Phoebe come on baby oh my
god because I've been cry laughing I
look like really good night mark see you
in the morning
yeah yeah yeah good night
I was gonna knock like that kind of
ruins it
yeah night mother
