good morning everybody as you can see
I'm off to space this morning
courtesy of salmon Adam thanks guys
yeah we're having a hair day so Papi's
currently having hers done how are you
feeling about the change over there
what are you actually having all black
all black is a new look no I'm just
getting some blonder bits put in because
it's summer so we thought let's just go
one more blonde and then when it starts
to get all to me you're thinking of
going a little bit darker but for right
now we're getting a bit more no do you
think this is gonna be the blondest I've
ever been after there I knew that would
happen
it's like you go a little bit go a
little bit more so it is when you have
to spot et amongst all the toys it's
like just pan around where is she have
you found a little spot on the sofa that
it's very comfy yes so that's right just
got the olaplex on which makes my hair a
nice weight I'm I'm under an buzzer here
now hello pretty boy got my dog voice
I'm sorry Ahmed oh yay
and it's all like hey I might get
someone else to record it for you so you
can see it properly but Sam always does
the best job at the color like look how
much better is color lips now I love it
and I've got a little bit shorter
poppies getting heard right now my hair
dries up just done my makeup i frickin
love my look how messy my room is now oh
there's no matter how much I clean this
room just gets messy straight away I
love that sound code it as well but wavy
thank you Sam Thank You Adam are you you
always make my hair look the best ever
if if somebody wanted to get this done a
hairdressers what do they ask for it's
basically about yards but with more of
like an ashy tone so yeah balayage
Audiology contain it and I'll leave
details of Sam salon in the description
below and also follow her on Instagram
because she has some great pics I always
get the best hair inspiration bin so
yeah it's really good oh you're right oh
oh shoot it every fourth actually may
pop here now in a mission to take Alfie
his laptops because apparently we're his
slaves
but because it's such a nice day we're
gonna take the roof
annoying okay so we're gonna put some
nice music on and head to a school
they're filming something somewhere but
yeah I'm here with Sarah who has the
voice of an angel if you've not seen her
channel before I will leave it in the
description you have to go and check it
out I'm poppy who doesn't really have
the voice of an angel we're having like
a girly night in because all the boys
are I have no idea where they are
actually they've been filming all day
and we've had a Wagamama
and now we're watching what's this
called thank you the tracks naked
attraction which is where basically
you're picking a date based on their
body but it's very interesting there's a
lot of nakedness I feel like it's quite
fun when you watch it with your friends
you kind of play along like which one
would you go for that is currently too
much tongue action oh my goodness what
do you think of their faces he's really
interesting hmm
I should have fun with him oh he loves
himself way too much he's proper like
morning it's the next day now and I did
say these vlogs would be a little bit
disjointed this week so I've squished
two days together so I hope you don't
mind
but that just works a little bit better
for me so today I have a smear test
I know for a lot of you watching this
you've not had one before you don't need
to have one yet or you're a pro at them
and you've already done them I haven't
ever had one before actually I I think
you get them when you're 25 I'm
currently 26 so I was like right we need
to get this sorted so I'm gonna go and
have a smear test I'm really nervous
about it I'm just if I'm honest I'm just
not the sort of person that's hugely
comfortable getting more private over
lighting it's terrible
I'm just not really the sort of person
that's like hugely comfortable with
showing more private areas to anyone
that's not my boyfriend and I've never
done it before I don't really get my
boobs out I'm quite like shy about body
parts and I don't really know why
because I get everyone has them blah
blah blah but I just I've never really
had to get my boobs out or get my vagina
out for anyone who isn't like a sexual
partner so it is kind of like I don't
know if that's the bit I'm nervous for
or if actually I'm just nervous because
waiting for me is one of the things but
sort of triggers the anxious feelings so
like waiting rooms like I don't really
have a fear of the dentist but I hate
waiting for the dentist because that my
imagination is far too crazy and so
giving giving me time to think about
something that I'm not sure about is
never a good situation however it's
something I'm working on and it's
something that today I am going to do
and it might not be the most comfortable
experience and it is quite terrifying
for me and it's making me very nervous I
want to do it because it's really
important to have a smear if you have
been asked to have one it's for your own
benefit and I am going to take you along
with me I'm probably not gonna film in
the doctor's but I will let you know how
it goes and
hope this encourages those of you who
have had the letter from your doctor and
you've sort of tucked it away and been
like yeah yeah do that soon because at
the end of the day whether you're
nervous to actually have the procedure
or you're nervous for the results or
you're just nervous in general because
those sorts of things kind of set you on
edge a little bit like they do with me
you know it's it's all for your benefit
and these things just need to be done
I'm kind of thinking of it as like okay
so I'm not necessarily going to get my
nails done but I'm having like a little
kind of self-care session in a different
way it's just one of those things that
even as a child I remember my mom
telling me it was a thing and me being
like I never want to do that
that sounds so terrifying but I'm here
today to tell you that if I can do it
you can do it and I'm sure I'll see you
after it's all done and I'll tell you
that it really wasn't that bad I'm just
expressing my thoughts here with you
guys right now because that's what I do
and I would be lying if I said this will
be a breeze and I'm so I'm so not
nervous at all because I am and I feel
like I'm probably not the only woman who
gets told hey guess what it's time for
your smear and goes huh oh my god no I
have to get spread my legs for for for a
doctor that I've never met before and I
mean no one enjoys a trip to the
gynecologist surely it's just one of
those things that I just know is
happening so I can't get anything else
done do you know what I mean like I'm
just nervous just nervous and that's
normal
that's completely normal so yeah okay
let's just go shall we bye boys your
vagina's looked at this is why you don't
talk to boys well smear test it's a very
positive thing yeah
very very positive and I think it's
gonna be you're not coming
oh by poppy for moral support
yes we can do this you empty the lab
diamond we did it like before you know
it it's over it's because I've had too
much time to overthink it this is my
problem i overthink her anyway we're
going in now in a bit we should be
vagina luck guys I survived do you know
what that was absolutely fine I just
create all these different like versions
of what could happen like is it gonna be
painful what happens if it's really
painful what happens if I I don't know
here in the UK you get a letter sent to
you and you're 25 saying hey it's time
for you to have a smear test and it's
just one of those things I was like I
know I've got the letter and I know I
need to do it but I was so scared about
it and I'd watched loads of people's
videos and like loads of my friends are
like you know you need to get it done
and I was like I will I will I'll
definitely do it and then it just got to
the point where I was like no I really
have she need to do it booked it and
they actually brought it forward they
were like oh hey I know you've got your
appointment on this date but can you do
tomorrow at 1 p.m. and I was like ah I
hate things being sprung on me like that
but I also know that me leaving it is
what I tend to do so I was like yeah
sure I honestly think it wasn't that bad
I know that lots of people have
different experiences and some people
have said it's painful and some people
have said that it was absolutely fine
personally in all honesty I am not
sugarcoating this just to make you go
and get it done because you know in your
own conscious mind that you need to get
it done anyway regardless of whether
someone tells you it hurt them or
someone told you it didn't but my
experience was that it was not
uncomfortable in the slightest it didn't
hurt it didn't feel uncomfortable I
don't know I don't really know what I
thought it was gonna be like but I have
no issue personally the only thing that
I felt like was weird like not
uncomfortable or awkward the only thing
that I found strange was feeling you
know the little brush that they used to
like take some a sample of like your
cervix like to take some cells I could
feel that in a place that I've never
felt anything there before it almost
looked like it was like behind my tummy
button even though it wasn't that high
up it was just a part of my body I've
never really thought about and all of a
sudden there was like a swab happening
in that place and I was like okay that
sounds kind of weird but it wasn't
uncomfortable or painful it was just
kind of like oh okay yeah that part of
my body does exist and that's a little
reminder of it it felt like something
was like nibbling at my cervix that's
the only way I could just describe the
like brushing but it wasn't painful it
didn't hurt I thought I would feel
really awkward having to spread my legs
in front of a stranger the minute I took
my pants off it was like I didn't care
anymore I don't know I just didn't think
about it there was another woman there
that was chatting to me and she was like
asking me what I did well she's like all
up in my business
and it was a bit awkward but um it I
don't know I'm really actually very
surprised at myself because not that I
think I'm a wimp or that I have a really
low pain threshold but I really built it
up as something but I guess no matter
what happened it was never gonna be as
bad as what I'd built up to be I suppose
and that's just the way my mind works
but I'm telling you now
from one woman to another that was
really nothing for me - what have
worried about I said I said to poppy
when I came out I say rang me up and
said we're gonna have to do it again
I wouldn't be fazed but I'd be like okay
sure like I don't know it just it was
absolutely fine for me no
discomfort no uncomfortable nurse the
buildup of it was far worse for me like
how I created it in my mind was
definitely a whole other story and I
want this to be a reminder to any of you
that have either been nervous about it
worried about it have put it off or
you've got like the letter hidden
somewhere where you know you need to go
and book it pick up the phone and book
it right now and there's no point
putting it off because the only person
you're ever really gonna let down is
yourself because if there's something
wrong you'll never know about it
I'm so tired it repeat very well I smear
it really made me very nervous I've
edited my vlog and that's gone live I'm
in bed I'm not sure how it happened but
I just said I'm very tired so I just was
like I just need to lie down and we're
all going to the cinema tonight watching
The BFG which I'm so excited about
because I just think it's gonna be
amazing
I was gonna say something else so now
I've forgotten it that's it as
everything I need you to say I've
basically had like a really super busy
day of tying loose ends on everything
and replying to loads of emails and now
I'm chilling / not really because I'm
going through book stuff oh got to run
over oh I hate vlogging at the same time
an upbeat we're on our way
how are you Sean I'm all good thank you
have you been practicing that song in
French we gave you that's funny
what are you doing I saw a comment
earlier on Twitter that said that
YouTube bully poppy we do a walking
launch the biggest smart laughing I'm
like what have you done what you done
you might be busy I'm in here
gunshot and we're going to watch bhe and
I'm really excited about it and I think
he's gonna be really good this is just
an amazing lighter
I wanna be sge I loved that film it was
such a cute film if any of you love
Roald Dahl or you've seen the original
BFG or read the book I would definitely
recommend you watch it I had some cute
cute moments poppy cried it was a moment
I probably would have arrived I want a
BFG but I actually want to be as Jane
yeah you sounded like my brother's
thinking of one of your voices that you
thought like because you don't know I am
the BST Joe would for sure be able to do
that boy yeah I really I really liked
that that is gonna be like a Sunday
afternoon cosy film forevermore are you
d I reckon it would have been better
yeah there were bits where I was like I
can't watch this because it's making me
actually feel a bit motion sick like
watching it like the angles and stuff
but yeah really loved it amazing bill
