yes Moody and tucking suck today I have
successfully ever last night I'm sorry
if you can't hear me over there running
tap I'm running myself a little exactly
morning back I'm going to catch some
YouTube videos if you have a really nice
day and so far we have no plans this
weekend apart from I do still need to
write a lot of my book when I'm going to
do that maybe I can set up camp outside
in the turn and do some writing
what am I going to put any bar I think a
little bit of other bars laughs hey
and also gonna go for some sugar dip as
well
just out bus and not gonna lie I haven't
actually brushed my hair yet
I really need to brush my hair I'm now
making myself an out heat some breakfast
I'm doing
scrambled eggs baked beans halloumi
spinach and hummus with a little bit of
balsamic we've got the beans on got the
halloumi in this halloumi by the way is
really good this is the one from weight
trays so good um yeah although I feel
fit in bed so hopefully you will
actually come downstairs when breakfast
is ready to be has a habit of breakfast
being ready and it's getting cold
because you doesn't come down in time to
eat it
breakfast is done mine's got sesame
seeds and balsamic but Alfie doesn't
like those so his is a bit more plain I
mean it doesn't look the tastiest but I
can assure you it tastes delicious last
night we were watching stranger things
and I fell asleep
yeah but Alfie did an episode and a half
over me so I'm gonna now so much I don't
know I've watched episode 6 episode put
me out on we've had a very chilled
morning of not really doing much and
I've really enjoyed it and I've just
realised it's five to four outfits five
to four we won't be able to go to
arendelle they'll close it we were gonna
go to arendelle Castle and actually the
sun's gone now and it's quite cold I'm
sat here all ready to go like summertime
like summery it's not even warm now it's
taken us so long to get ready we did
everything so slowly today but I really
enjoyed it cuz I quite like days like
that where you're just kind of chilled
just relaxing to be honest which we
don't really get to do a lot of
especially not together because normally
Alfie's busy doing something or I'm busy
doing something but it's been a really
nice day she feels like a weekend which
is really cool cuz I'm out he's just
editing up his flog and I'm gonna try
one of these cuz I bought it wait rosy
of the day foxes New York baked house
red velvet crunch creams and they look
really good so I'll let you know what I
think was it it's for me careful Ron
hmm it's not be you that's up they don't
really taste too much different from
normal boxes creams but read Alicia
we've come for a little walk at stammer
which is the place that we always tend
to go to to kind of chill go for picnics
etc on a nice day so you will have seen
us come here before who recognizes this
door where have you seen this before I
used that in a lookbook the autumn
winter lookbook I just said Alvie I wish
we still had time to help each other
film our videos like we used to but we
don't anymore both to busy
oh and lock derby at the door well it's
still lock if I've locked it but you
haven't shut your door well it's still
lock so before coming here Alfie run
into the petrol station and picked up
some snacks and he also went and got
some fish and chip which is nice so
we're gonna sit and just make the most
of the rest of the day which seemed to
have slipped so happens if you touch my
car guys let that be a lesson
oh my god I knew that might be so going
on I literally just made friends of
everyone also cypher you know things
like that
the green guy with a long that's it you
want to go and get it don't you a few
just stop these two guys and was like a
Pokemon they're gonna clearly look like
they're playing Pokemon they were on a
mission and he was like did you see the
picture the picnic
no oh really and i had a weed whatever
which way do you want to go
should we had that yeah I'm saying up to
the quiet way but you want to go and get
the cipher let's go I want to get it
how much would I have to pay you to dive
in that mound of horse pee that is a lot
of horse poop you're gonna get one over
oh yeah how much for you to dive into
that fiver
you liar yeah monstermunch oh it has to
be a grab bag I like a grab bag sighs
then no I think family throws fun pack
yeah I'm on it
is it weird that like this man of horse
poo reminds me of like my childhood a
bit but horse - and calfy it's gonna
wear because I lived like in the
countryside smells like that quite like
I mean they're gross but a quite
comforting but that horse pee smell
literally smells like living in a
village by a million farms in the
countryside
remember that field next to a house that
we should drive past and becoming rent
some money darling no come on
you're not gonna be able to play with
the horses we don't want to play with
you I just caught a 649 CP sizer in the
park and Alfie's crashed and now look at
him he's trying to find it
he's literally abandoned all his stuff
to go and try and catch the Pokemon this
is what my date this evening has come to
he's just left me to go and get poked Oh
looking at thee either get off me he's
got it did you get it
look at his little face he looks happy
he's walking with swagger you got it
yeah 200 no it wasn't because you're in
a higher level than me is that why
no it wasn't 1200 it's worse than yours
was it what was it 605 what was mine 600
night 47 or something 620 heavy mine was
620 all really yes I like your t-shirt
today thank you I like what you've got
on the back specifically know you've got
piece of grass on you in the design look
guys this man down here is packing up a
hot air balloon so I'm assuming that
they landed it here and now they're
packing it up would you go on a hot-air
balloon yes let's do it
I really want to I'm just a little bit
scared no I think if anything of hot-air
balloons is so relaxing I'm just
wondering whether you can get motion
sickness in a higher balloon you can't I
think it's like really like glides like
yeah pound it's just literally unreal
it's something I have on my to do before
I die list or maybe to do before I'm 30
easily a thing they're just quite mental
you see that literatures pulled oh no
you didn't you are so hardcore
let me feel that let me feel that
impress you let me feel that oh oh is it
impress you I mean oh no we've got a
little wasp buzzing around our fish and
chips yeah yeah that's really impressive
did you pull it off my hand I'm very
impressed
yeah we're being attacked by what some
children are you screwing up you numpty
look at this little picnic we've got ice
a fish and chips but alpha got sausages
and chip does anyone ever get fish and
chips when they say fish and Jeff got an
egg sandwich thanks mate you've got me
the low-calorie one I'm joking it's
gonna all taste the same well don't go
falling me with all these Pokemon my god
is so nice
you can't have a spontaneous picnic
without a cheeky finger do you want one
on much more into GQ sausage be
innuendos I can't open it with me lest
and I'll give you a finger do you like
butter
that's a buttercup like Daisy do you
like daisies you can do still
hiding from you take you a long time I
was behind you baby catching the Pokemon
I got the you where is that sneaky bitch
come on she comes back a bloody Gyarados
or something
why should I find her just had a really
lovely long catch up with much remain
low ease which was known as like running
circles around Alfea which was really
lovely because we haven't are they oh
that's so funny
because we haven't had a catch-up in a
while so that was really nice
and now me and Alfie have decided to
take Nala route on a late-night stroll
all the wind is doing that thing where I
feel a breeze you know it's so strong
you're like I've got my lazy ace jumper
dress on I love this dress Sierra we've
come to the beach which is nice I quite
like coming here at night
Nalla just loves coming out doesn't ever
go does she not oh god we might do a
little spot of Pokemon hunting as well
and we've got the last part of stranger
things to watch tonight which I'm really
excited about we saved it earlier I'm
really glad we saved it now yeah I don't
know what the end is going to be I can't
I have no idea what the ending it's
going to be no you mean IDO and I don't
want to make predictions in my vlog
because the people that haven't seen it
yet that's gonna really no one visit no
I know it actually don't know I really
miss doing walks like this when I used
to live on the seafront we did so many
walks at night along the beach didn't we
although it's a bit windier than I
thought it was going to be back home oh
joy back home in bed now and we are
about to watch Birds our last episode
I'm gonna be really sad that it's done
because then what will we watch we'll
have to find a new series or you know
carry on with our lives back to whatever
we were doing before we were watching
this eat this YouTube program Netflix
program anyway thank you so much for
watching the vlogs today I hope you've
had a great day also as you're watching
this the weekend is over so I really
hope you had a great weekend let me know
down on it know it's gonna be a fresh
start to the week tomorrow Monday for
you guys it's gonna be fun exciting tell
me one great thing that happened at the
weekend and one thing you want to happen
next week that's your homework what do
you want to say say goodnight on say
thank you for the sport and you can join
the blog and
watch stranger things on Netflix that's
really good
don't watch ocean but my daily vlogs are
thank you no no I said strangers please
watch my daddy Buggs thank ya know I
look shiny anyway my battery's flashing
gotta go say goodbye you have really
been in my video today I papi you really
good girl what do you do it yes good
night
