good morning everybody today I have been
running around tidying and sorting which
is something I generally try and put off
until it gets to the point where I'm
like no there's too many random things
scattered around my house that I need to
put away in the place they're supposed
to be in you guys know I like to make
organized piles so that's what I've been
doing I've kind of been putting the
organized piles away sorted out in
allah's treats area she had like a
little cupboard with all her like
jumpers coats brushes toothbrush
toothpaste all herb things basically
it's knowledge cupboard sorted that out
humming out-breath I just ran up the
stairs the only thing I do need to do
still is to tidy this now any of you
that have a place you do your makeup
please reassure me that this is what
yours looks like when you've been doing
things and dumping them and not actually
putting them away in a proper place just
need to put things away really another
thing I really want to do is to change
up my makeup bag which I told myself
that I would start doing every week but
I keep forgetting and I'm definitely one
of these people that uses whatever is
readily available when I'm trying to do
my makeup so I don't often kind of go
through my drawers and try new things
and I'm really lucky in the sense that I
get sent lots and lots of new product
races and things and then when it gets
to like monthly favorites time I'm like
oh I've kind of been using the same
things as last month and obviously I
enjoy trying new beauty products because
that's essentially one of the things I
do so I kind of want to go through my
beauty drawers and select some items to
put in my makeup bag to kind of mix it
up a little bit so I am actually trying
new makeup and then I can decide if I
like it or not but if I keep going to
the same makeup every single day that I
know I love end up not really trying
anything so I'm gonna also do that but
first of all this this needs to go
it's all my paper back I've got a whole
box of them yay
they look so cool the sequel to the
million copy bestseller girl online how
crazy is that guys it sold a million
copies right I am like running out of
places to put these because I have this
little stash down here of books but I
keep and sign to give to people and like
friends and family and things but
there's a lot tidy apart from I do need
to move these bottles but everything is
in its right full place and now I just
need to put some makeup in this but I'm
gonna do that a little bit later because
right now I need to edit yesterday's
video my hair kind of just looks like a
fox's tail it's so puffy today yeah I'm
gonna edit I think I might edit up here
actually I've got my laptop got my
camera and I also have my memory card
reader so I'm gonna edit up here also
the only thing I really need to do over
here is to empty this box of products to
where they need to be and take down some
of these clothes but besides that over
here is pretty tidy - the only thing I'm
struggling with is where to put this
table I think I might need to move this
along and slop that in there and then I
don't know where to put that chair
because that chair is what I sit on -
for my videos but there's really nowhere
else in here that it can go working with
quite a small space up here so there's a
lot of things that probably aren't where
I would ideally like them to be but I'm
just kind of making the most of the
space ready or just cramming too much
into the space which isn't really making
the most of it
I've just got done editing my vlog and I
just want to show you generally we're
not a is last I had it normally at my
feet hello sleepy today
hello he's like please let me sleep more
but yeah this is my current view and
she's down there somewhere
also it was such a beautiful day this
morning and the Sun has now been
overtaken by the rain oh that makes me
sad
oh my god why do I look so shiny today I
think because after I got back of
holiday I've been like moisturizing to
the max I've been using like the most
moisturizing moisturizers you can get
hold of because my skin was so dry and I
think possibly my skin has reached its
maximum level of hydration so now I just
look a bit shiny and oily maybe I need
to get the map out about actually cry
laughing we just make wine nothing
chronic or nothing quite often we just
made me cry rocky fingers sure there's
no clean yeah I just mean like they're
like old and wrinkly crinkly they're
just small why did you say that's why
you were you like I see you right now
that's little you like table when I
pointed for are we to give it to me it
was just oh you have to be there me out
here and cry with us now t-shirt the
amount of times I born a new DJ
let you can be worse I'm sorry how do
you spill spill you make up we have so
much when you just spill it on me have
you seen that I just had a moment so
you've got your thumb tripod I just
grabbed his balls as an attack move this
is what Zoey's thumb currently looks
like Jesus her thumb as a tripod weird
become the norm
well that guy's cranks the other guys
just popped his ball he just squeezed
his body watches a film by the way yeah
it's not like that was a weird challenge
oh come on
ow ow please let me get up he got done
my bra that oh my god
did you undo mommy's bra oh she got from
their sleep and shut out for now Oh
sleep right gonna go put some camembert
in actually bring it if you ain't come a
very than you I'll let you go thank you
also oh I really ruined my makeup from
that little giggle do you want to catch
pokemon first yeah okay then should I
not put the camembert on so what do you
want camembert a Pokemon which one first
you can't have both you can't walk
around the park holding a bloody
camembert
what's the plan am i putting it in or
not
can you come down and help me make this
decision
Alfred I want you to help me make a
decision on whether we're going outside
okay about whether we're going outside
it's raining and gray it's really
raining I look like I've actually been
crying like a sadness but I actually was
just crying laughing so look at these we
got some packages from Oreo yeah sure
yeah but we'll open you're wasted okay
go and then you can open my headaches
sorry I feel I went in my vlog you do
this is yours no it's okay okay
are you filming just pointing me Karen
open your woman is your one I would like
to declare the Oreo box officially open
exclusively for Zoey
hashtag Oreo flavors are we allowed to
show these or is it like exclusive
because this is not sponsored either by
the fact of us not knowing anything what
is going on kind of bruiser Wow
what's the committee can we talk about
that they're green and pink I wonder
what color what flavors they are there
wasn't really back drop it just when did
she learn to draw yeah this is the worst
toy you know it's a bone that um peanut
butter in it really bad now you said
that she doesn't want it back
drop they're ready are you ready going
to bring it all right you're getting a
bit happy with the dropping back yeah
yeah bring it if you know did you see
what she's doing now he's just saying
good girl every time if he drops it you
pick it up and dropping it yeah
ah I come about without a date after all
that so we're actually gonna go and buy
some and get Pokemon so I put in the two
things together you're gonna drive why
you I need to take these off because I
cannot walk around Waitrose in my sexy
Christmas PJs but I do want to know for
the future is it okay to eat a minute I
think because some cheese is like let
bleachy is obviously the older is and
mature yes
no I'm going to eat it today because we
don't know but can we eat come about the
future this like a week or two our day
today
the only reason that I'm a bit more
worried about it it's because of the
time the healthy Cotterill drink and
that was two weeks at a day nearly three
yeah berries oil jimena was yeah you
were really ill that's rig of my acid
reflux so bad that in that I thought you
meant just then talking about it I was
like whoa isn't the minded clever thing
we doing Paco Paco do you know I did
earlier I was playing with nada on the
landing run all right so I was playing
with her down here and I was on the
floor and my phone was here and I
wouldn't like that
Shh and my phone just went sure all the
way down yeah
bounced off the stairs though and just
landed perfectly on the floor it was
absolutely fine I was like thank you my
friends and then one time you drop it
from like this right yeah
yeah exactly ha right let's go to wait
rose and get some tums they're lovely
summertime I am so not loving this
summer weather ever seen could you let
you'd run into shot that was amazing I
won that one I'm just gonna put that
into my vlogs man you see it you're
gonna laugh do you know what this is
perfect weather for a convertible Mini
right now I saw something over drunk
down cool cerebro is it sunny see it's
actually quite sunny it's really sunny
this morning and now now would you look
at it now I got my rain back on right
let's go are we going to wait choice
first I need to get my top are we going
to wait tree stands with a - we should
find it hello thank you
that is that big tree right now let's go
at my favorite place why not oh I need
my bag I'll just shut my back in no we
haven't brought any bags just have to
buy some I meant not the plastic one
probably the reusable one
okay let's go were just heading to the
cheese mr. cheese the cheese cheese
that's the guy he's like bursting out
the little packet this one or they have
these ones I just feel like the wheat
trees one is probably really nice or
rusty I see I simply go waitress is this
literally all you need some halloumi
actually wat water in the cheese section
here we go all done what you lookin at
that's called blue tell you what
whenever I went to a friend's house and
they had ice cream cones you knew my mom
you know know if you had Paris that had
ice cream cones your parents were really
cool like you it was like what you want
for dessert or just ice cream yeah we've
got cones it was like next-level yeah if
they had wafers and the syrup as well it
was like you may not open an ice cream
parlor mate because it's all going on in
your kitchen cupboard
we've got cheese almond milk salmon
homer and carrot stick more and more
cheese and even more tuna it's funny
because I never used to really eat
cheese and it was always cheddar that I
would have for actually now I don't
really eat that much cheddar I'm all
about the halloumi or poor or camembert
we are back and preparing the camembert
outside is literally so miserable it's
unreal so we're having a little bit of a
nibbly dinner this evening we've got a
loaf of crusty bread I'm not expecting
us to both eat the entire thing but
there is a lot there we also have some
hummus and carrot sticks and obviously
they come in there and I think Alfie's
gonna do some quinoa and salmon but I
had a pretty big lunch so I'm not
massively hungry Alfie just built a
whole pot of tomato sauce over the whole
floor
so now knowledge like snip sniffling
around to see what she can find we've
wiped it up Nala sorry babe oh I thought
you just made porridge I was like uhh
it's like a tiny part of Christmas you
like the least healthy Christmas in the
world it comes like this
this is anyone we had do not have actual
an actual bag of quinoa I don't think is
no couscous mama so nothing quinoa
quinoa how is the camembert going got 13
minutes left smells delicious you rejoin
your boat puppy is there also let all we
got on TV it's Harry Potter in the
Chamber of Secrets the night guys it was
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
yesterday I see it I see a theme
appearing here maybe tomorrow maybe
tomorrow will be the Prisoner of Azkaban
I don't want you twice a week only when
it's on there's nothing else on it's
always on I'm not complaining I love
Harry Potter
I am so unbelievably tired and cold I've
just come upstairs I said to Alfie I'm
gonna go upstairs and just get into bed
because I feel really really cold and
I've just put my little like heated bed
sheet on six those things are a godsend
by the way if you ever get chilly in bed
or you know when it's just really cold
and then you get into a cold bed it's
like oh um you should definitely learn a
Mithen for a heated it's like underneath
our bed sheet and it's dual-control so I
can have it a different temperature -
Alfie normally he doesn't put his on at
all but I really like putting mine on
because I hate being cold and then
getting into a cold bed it's nice when
it's warm and you get into like cold
sheets that's nice but when you're cold
there's like nothing better than like
setting the
- come on like if you're having a bath
or something you can put the bed on and
by the time you come downstairs put on
your pajamas and get into bed it's a
warm and toasty waiting for you and that
is so nice
Alfie hates it though because it means
that even though it's on my side if he
puts like his leg over to my side
like gets really hot and he's like oh my
god get away from me or too hot but I
really like it and somehow I've ended up
chatting away to you about heated bed
sheets which makes me sound like a 90
year old woman but we've already
established that I'm an old woman in a
26 year olds body so no nothing new
there how easy like a little like
marshmallow again I love my little
marshmallow outfit just thought I would
quickly hop on here to say good night
because the last couple of vlogs I
haven't ended them because I fell asleep
so actually no yesterday's vlog I ended
it was the two before that I didn't end
so I just wanted to say goodnight give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
I love you very much and I'll see you
again soon hey say goodbye
