good morning everybody tis Monday and me
and Alfie have come into town we've got
a meeting but we're also playing Pokemon
go Alfie has been going on lots of
excursions without me on all of them we
didn't wanna join me
I just tried to catch a magnet on and it
got away and disappeared to a puff of
smoke and I try to get what was the
other one that I just really got a much
app and it just keeps freezing I'm so
not happy with it I'm so annoyed
Finny so yeah every time we try and
catch a really sick Pokemon it doesn't
freeze it which is not great oh well
anyway we've got a meeting now so how
many hours for four hours for our
meeting okay great and I haven't had
breakfast yet
hungry meeting is finally over
that was a long old meeting but now me
and Alfie are gonna go on the hunt for
some Pokemon I'm like really getting
into this this is ridiculous I need to
go back and finish editing my video as
well for today which you will have
already seen hopefully so I will leave a
link to that in the description box but
Shawn is also coming into town to meet
us to catch some Pokemon too so it
should be a very fun afternoon although
I can't pay up big at all I can't stay
up too long so ya know I need to edit no
no it is it pokemon all day you're more
excited for me aren't you no I'm not
more excited than you you went out at
2:00 a.m. last night - Pokemon that you
just said I'm not going home until I get
to them o 9 no I didn't yes you bet it
won't take me that long to get to what
argument and I know any sovereignty so
long look what level I am knowing
knowing
I want to at least be Alfie how many of
you are currently playing Pokemon go a
lot of you go viewers are gonna be no I
can't get it you've got like a weird
dodgy don't let zoo back hmm I don't
want any more zoo back I really don't I
just want to get some cool ones every
cool one I've tried to get my phone's
frozen or something happened to it that
hasn't worked what's the coolest one
you've got Oh
execute I don't remember that being a
Pokemon you've got a lot of drowsies
that you need to mix together quite a
lot McKee Ben I've got a cubone as well
I like this guy I like oddish oddish
I do like oddish he's cute here's my big
boy fear oh come on then let's go and
get some more shall we let's go fight
some battles I don't fight any battles
cuz then of mining good enough yet yeah
look around Brighton there's lots by
this speech but then there's also lots
and look in the park right now that is a
lot going on I think we need to go to
the park that's where they're all at
look at that our play come on adventure
has taken us into the park but our fees
isn't working is it what is it working
yet what's going on sure is yeah there's
so many people playing it in here
right all right that's a little and hold
on it is much not work
we've been setting apart for a while now
we've made friend it's all happening but
yeah how cool we need to actually go now
and eat some food but I'm sure we'll
catch some pokemon on the way
here can't get up yes women let's get
out of here it's actually turned into
such a lovely day I didn't even bring
any sunglasses so the guy that just came
in spoke to her was he had a purple one
that was like eight hundred yeah that's
mine too but mine's hot poliwag fully
whack sure go poliwag I can't throw them
with my left hand going on Pokemon
Adventures is very tiring so now we're
stopping for some fuel we've gone for
our hacker again we're basically just
gonna end up living here from now on I
think I've got my favorite virgin mojito
I have to say guys that what hacker if
you are like me and you like you're a
fan of surgeon mijitos what I could do
one of my favorite virgin hitos ever
like ever I really actually I think what
happened our Manito is what got me into
virgin mijitos
so that we go cool story bro good
need to get drums it's because a lot of
people think what's the point of having
a cocktail without the alcohol
yeah what's that when you've got food
played on mouth
favorite that is so good Oh delicious
anyway I'm not sure you guys miss that
Blastoise shut up I'm now charging my
phone from Shawn's laptop because mine's
running out but we're having a good old
session mother Zazu back
I'm actually really bored of these now I
think sue Byrne same 8zu back as always
teaching popular to play Shaun's now
teach an ang how to play what did you go
for which starting pokémon Charmander
gel Amanda poppy who did you go for
magic goth but what was your first
pokémon
was it a squirt or the blue one
oh my goodness that's a nice crease
years we've got a cherry so weird
this spoons are funny aren't they look
at my feet
yeah they're like baby speed also surely
wanted the ice cream we pass you the ice
cream Shawn thank you so we've gone
first and she rose which are amazing
what's that you've got pineapple it's
the
go on
you are now live just in WX max out the
back
sign in some bits one soylent page your
wigs draw a krookodile okay okay you got
through all of those in case you didn't
realize from those last clips me an
outfit on you now me now if you just
signed lots of books in WH Smith in
Brighton in Churchill Square so if
you're around I want someone to try and
grab the one with the weird analogy when
I signed them the other day somebody
tweet me a picture they flew from Dublin
or from island somewhere in Ireland to
get one and the guy did yeah how many
governing you can still get one is
always trying to be funny yeah how many
do you think I just
every time if you get one tweet me look
at this little lego man I love how
brightly colored WH Smith is I just want
to find my book clubs you look yes over
here is it let's find it
I'll let this Casper's nonfiction Tanya
oh how proud my of all my friends cute
there it is
that's not meant to be there oh my god I
remember that book oh how cute which
ones are doing well which one is it
oh we were Liars is the one of the week
oh yeah exactly you read that on holiday
did you like it
good and papi doesn't read many no I can
read now this is yeah now she's reading
this one so all good but teen that is
very big isn't it paint me like one of
your french girls
we are now in the park going on a little
walk definitely not to catch pokemon
look at the boys behind oh wait where
are they are ya Minds working now not
what I have to say this app is the most
glitchy thing and it's like genuine who
upsets me when it's not working really I
get so sad and angry mine's currently
working right now so I'm happy
mine's not working yeah do you know what
this app makes you go out it makes you
walk it makes you do stuff it's not even
like we're just saying it's like a new
sense of community that guy came up
first and chatted to us for like 15 yeah
yeah how many people are gonna make
friends go out sighs like I think so
yeah I think this is the start of
something great a guy as long as people
aren't like wandering across busy roads
with their face down in their phone
that's when it's gonna be a bit
dangerous but all in all it's very
addictive I feel like this whole blog is
just for me talking about this I'm
terribly sorry to I've put my video live
so whatever we can smell right now
smells like my favorite candle from Bath
and Body Works I love the park there's
always so many really nothing no
pedestrian just smelt something that's
not so great why do I feel like autumn
today I think it's because of the wind
or the leaves like blow not out of the
trees are you hums you yeah I put on a
hat and a hoodie to keep me warm because
I get that thing when the wind blows
through your ears and it gives you like
headache yeah
she's not she's so excited she's having
so much fun
this dog is in her element tonight sure
what she's had she's full of beans look
at that happy little face what do you do
for a treat what you have to do for
treat no that's rude she's off so thanks
for the treat Noelle is tormenting
everybody she always does that she's
like I want to play and then she'll get
scared their beloved back from the park
that was really nice actually I love
like chilled evenings like that like the
park smart with all the spring summer
flowers and it was just really nice get
a bit of exercise in now I want to put
some joggers on and get cozy on the sofa
I think me and Alfie are gonna watch a
film I love this lamp I've had this a
while now I think this was from heels I
just love that you can see all the
filament in the bulb can also see all
the dust on the bulb - oh well oh my god
okay there we go
Alfie wanted me to grab his shorts they
are oh I don't know what film we're
gonna watch but I'm excited also just
place an order on delivery because even
though we went to M&S like last week we
appear to have run out of food so
tonight's dinner is courtesy of Peter
Express which I'm not waiting because I
love tables and garlic butter
I seem to have a theme of the pajamas
that I keep a lot of them a Christmasy
like Robyn's Christmas Christmas
Christmas Christmas but they're just the
coziest ones and I think I just have
like good memories I just dropped my
camera it doesn't appear to be focusing
oh hell no oh I'm so annoyed about this
I broke my freaking camera okay wait no
okay I think it's okay I turned it off
and turned it on again generally that
works for most things seem to work for
this too
I was gonna show you what Christmas
juggers yay
and one of the world's cozia cities this
is actually from Topshop a while ago but
I just like how like slouchy is it's
just really cozy guys look was on it's
the first Harry Potter look how young
they are this is a classic you're not
going to let me watch this are you Alfie
yeah do you want to watch it too
normally you don't like my Harry Potter
marathons no I love Harry Potter I love
Harry Potter but but the first one is no
magic oil all of them back-to-back twice
a week no ID okay Alfie is the king of
exaggerate on the TV all the time on Sky
Movies yeah
if you fall asleep so I'm the one left
and then if I somehow I don't know how
is oh he has this like weird six sense
kind of thing she'll be fast asleep I'll
change your channel be like now turn it
back you're asleep now isn't it some
eyes closed you did know me I suppose
you're gonna sleep about two hours
yeah no I'm just listening and I'm not
going to the channel but this one is so
magical you have to agree it's before
everything started going tits up for
Harry Ron and Hermione show you what
yeah
huh oh my god where did he go holla
I think you tricked Nala I think she was
just gonna curl up on it he's following
you like what she just wants to lie on
it
Oh Oh stinky breath it is it's magic we
just fell asleep on a sofa we had a sofa
nap which I haven't had since December
but we fell asleep on the sofa and now I
feel so gross do you feel gross oh look
at my t-shirt do you like it yeah anyway
so it's a good night because I am now
gonna go to sleep
thanks for watching everybody I will see
you again very soon
