get money papi and Shawn say drowned
last night which I completely forgot
because I went to bed before everybody
else and then when I woke up this
morning I turned to a fiend I was like
but we ensure a sewer which is very
exciting so I think we're gonna make a
really lovely weekend breakfast so I
made I made this breakfast I've made it
a couple of times but I did this
breakfast when we got back from making
us the morning after I didn't remember
to vlog it in the morning but I think
after you've logged it and I like to
call it my vegetarian fry up because
there's lots of lots on there but none
of it is like you typical bacon and
sausage so I'm thinking that we should
do that but that does mean however but
me and now if we need to make a quick
trip out to the shop to grab tomatoes
avocado and else did I have o spinach
maybe we need some spinach
oh no it's not spinach and we've got her
mess I think we're all good I think
that's everything
so we just need to get some tomatoes and
some what did I just say tomatoes and
avocado gosh my memory is or my
long-term memories actually pretty good
if I say so myself
my short-term memory not so great last
night the Twitter emoji went live which
it's just so flippin cool and so I've
been looking through my feed this
morning just seeing everyone using the
hashtag and there's a little similar of
IOT next to it which is so cool my dad's
Twitter by the way that if you want to
follow my dad daddy sug he's such a like
fanboy let's have a look notifications
you guys are all just so lovely honestly
I have the best viewers and I say that
every time
but I really mean it I just feel like
you're such a positive happy community
of people say thank you so much for
using the hashtag you can carry on using
it there's no like deadline I think I
think I've got it for a month so use it
to your heart's content go for it I just
woke Alfie up and I was like come on we
need to go to the shop it's half past
eight so I did sleep in longer today
which I'm really happy about but like
come on we need to go to the shop and I
knew if I left him without actually
getting him out of bed we would be
really struggling and I feel like if I
go back up now he'll be back to sleep
again
look are you awake oh not really time to
do nollans breakfast we have to weigh
her breakfast because she's a pug and if
I just build it she would get over
weight very quickly
wouldn't you throw it way out in the
morning and we give her 1 million
wait wait just told it to wait while I
get my camera
oh good yeah good right we've arrived at
Tesco guys just you know the last time I
came out shopping without bra you come
in what
oh come on go oh my god it's right there
can you get it do you have to take a
picture of something oh oh that's so
funny
ready it's close enough we did a bit on
Bobby's car we need the wheel tomatoes
and avocado is K so let's do this
I'm really hoping they've got it this is
only a little unworkable um Tom we're at
your favorite place
Tesco Express Alfie still Pokemon going
got medium large and extra large for two
larges which I don't know makes a lot of
sense I probably could have gone for a
really massive one
but one down two more to go old Tomatoes
yeah these look cute perfect okay
halloumi this is the one I bit worried
they might not have in here asked if we
wanted a bag as we said hell no I don't
work back oh good right let's go there
you go my king maybe she really took me
off oh good right guys is this what my
life is now Alfred is collecting Pokemon
pad halloumi okay so we need to scramble
some eggs we need to cut the halloumi
and pop that in the grill mash the a bo
got some beans as well but we did
actually you need to buy more so we've
got one tin between four of us which is
probably not enough but that's fine and
yeah and the tomatoes are in the oven
Sinclair the ball oh I love how you
waited for me it's probably cold now so
we've got tomato scrambled egg beans a
little bit of wholemeal bread some
smashed avocado some hummus some spinach
some halloumi and a little drizzle of
balsamic and some sesame seeds after we
didn't have sesame seeds or balsamic
though a little bit more plain we're all
ready for the day now I actually did
Poppy's make up this morning which was
quite fun I enjoyed that look how pretty
it looks
hang on turn this way so you can see it
in the light
Shaun said she's got eye blusher on but
yeah yeah yeah human eye shadow I had my
eyebrows makeup done looks really nice
and I think I'm gonna go to the sea Life
Center I want see yeah sure thing Ray's
let's go then I see a ranch job a grand
job a grand oh right
grand job grand idea probably should put
this back in French that guy's the donor
don't it's all mirrored and me
there's the West Pier serene weird day
it's like gray it feels like autumn it's
quite blue though the sky well we're
going fishing me see where are we going
I'm going to get a blast noise Sean
getting all the Pokemon on this little
journey you would be Alfea made me get
it it was like you should get it and
then we can all fight for the Pokemon I
was like okay and now Papi's gonna get
it as well you loved it as soon as you
saw that squirt or you loved it and then
I did get one while waiting for the boys
in the car I actually managed to swipe
one Caterpie so hopefully they'll have
some in the speedlight center maybe
they'll have all the watery ones like
last week is that all I don't really
know enough about Pokemon I just like
collecting them because I like
collecting things I didn't really love
Pokemon actually that's a lie
I used to draw them I just used to copy
the way to draw them out I should try
and find my little Pokemon folder to be
fair because that is at home somewhere
with all my pokemon cards and all my
drawings and my Pokemon fat
Joe has probably already got the app Joe
if you haven't you should download it
yeah we'll see who gets the most funding
yeah I mean nothing specific will be a
hugger I'm quite hungry to be fair net
guys are walking past the cinema and
look what's on as I was just saying look
what they're showing on the cinema today
it's frozen yeah
yeah we could just stand here and watch
it oh I haven't had fun in ages
come on mate you can do it oh he's going
for it number 17 you can do it go on
go on
we have done now so we're trying to find
our way out Korean strangely relaxing
we're a bit lost
how do it you've still got your glasses
alone how do we get out all through the
gift shop as always can I get your name
let me try yours
I mean this way though look how
beautiful the PLA Oh God we're gonna get
pooed on definitely gonna get peed on oh
no oh goodness everyone close your
mouths Papi's got the right idea
don't worry guys I've got whites in my
bag now guys we have a problem I'm
addicted to pokey go was it cause I'm on
level five now we've come out to go to
dinner with all of our P's family
literally we're coming for dinner in the
dike wave you seen that guy sure yeah
yes yeah
we ended up leaving dinner a little bit
earlier because I needed to get back and
edit my vlog from yesterday but you
would have watched it yesterday but it
was actually from the day before so
confusing because I didn't get any time
to edit it today so I am now editing at
quarter to 11:00 so sorry then it went
up later than normal
I'm also hoping that it actually goes up
before midnight so that it's technically
still the day before because otherwise
then it will really avoid me but yeah I
don't really know if I filmed much today
it's a lot of aquarium and Sea Life
Center footage but besides that I don't
know if I really got my camera out as
much as I usually do and usually it's a
lot more than I actually need to so
maybe today is a good amount of footage
I had a really lovely day did you have a
lovely day yeah very relaxed relaxed I'm
kind of like merging into their pillows
I look like a little floating head slash
marshmallow I'm also a little queasy
Alfie brought me up an editing snack
hell yeah if not too early for a Terry's
chocolate orange even though these are
usually eaten around the end of the year
ie the c-word
what's the C word Christmas
