wait wait go get up wait
good girl look at these two you get so
you two are the greediest guinea pigs I
have ever known
let me put these in then what is this
Oh what is this Oh
enjoy good morning
it's currently 7 a.m. and again I woke
up very early so I specially come
downstairs and edit yesterday's vlog
because I've got a really busy day today
so I'm not sure when I'm gonna be able
to edit it to get it up in a decent time
I think my day sort of finishes at 6:30
today and then at that point I just feel
like it's too late to start editing and
uploading I want to get it up before
it's too late in the evening not before
it's just too late I'm already done
Nullah yes I have given you your
breakfast I need to have my breakfast
don't know what to have I kind of think
I want yogurt and I want to try and
drink lots of water today because look
at this I think I'm quite dehydrated so
I'm going to try and drink lots of water
today I've got a
meeting a product meeting so I can't
really film too much of that although
I'm not too sure what things are going
over today so that will be good I've got
Maddie and Meaghan coming over this
morning to chat through some work after
that I've got a meeting towards the end
of the day I think I've got like a
two-hour gap in the middle and then a
little bit later on there's something
really super exciting so stay tuned a
lot because it is a long time coming and
I'm really excited to share it with you
just give you that little teaser at the
start of the day anyway I'm gonna go and
pour myself a big old glass of water and
I'm going to edit yesterday's vlog
all make up tup and I've got one of my
favorite shirts on this is from Topshop
I just really like the pattern and I
also like the cut of it I used to always
wear shirts with like little collars do
you member oh yeah with all the little
colors but no I don't really wear shirts
and colors up here yeah yeah little
metal tips on the colors I was all about
that collar life but today I don't have
one and recently I just I like quite
like V collars no collar basically I
don't know why I'm ready to go actually
because my meetings not for another two
hours
but Maddy's gonna be here in a minute
and I'm gonna eat the last Colin
do I have permission to eat the last
Colin yeah we can eat later
what can we celebrate yeah a post
holiday celebration cake sounds good
I'll meet you later awesome on the know
you've taken it down happy not making it
now to run day well oh yeah
okay we'll do that later then okay yeah
alright see you later
what have you got planned for today oh
it's because we were talking about cake
I'm just eating my rock now and then
cool well have fun and whatever you do I
got Colin Cowie nice castle sounds like
a fun day good bye
I kept senator Oh where's the off burn
we are currently on the way to the
meeting
everybody I really dig in Maddie's
outfit today let me show the mad MOTD no
but I really like it
look at this I love your shoes wear
these from um I think Topshop but last
year I thought oh this loo look at your
little shirt is that Marcia is that a
brand oh my gosh Oh
oh my loving it so I've just arrived at
my very exciting meeting and I have this
box here and I think this is from Tanya
burr so I'm gonna open there live and
bought oh they're real Wow oh my god I'm
so excited
dearest so I'm so excited for you to try
my new products I feel like you're in my
pee I see what does that mean oh I feel
like you're my pee I see in this as
you're always the one giving the
feedback and ideas lovely lot Stan oh
that's because I get like legit so
excited for every time launch these are
literally the most beautiful flowers I
have ever seen they're so pretty
look at Alton's new stuff how exciting
oh look it's got my name on it
that's cool thanks tea I've actually
already seen these because I've seen
town using them look how pretty this
shade is one of my favorites the moonlit
walk very cool and these look so good I
can't wait to try these amazing I lose
another one under there oh wait there's
another one under there as well okay I'm
very excited which one's Martha me rerun
custard this one this is the one I'm
really excited to use amazing thanks tea
I should have taken this off and put one
of hers on oh just thought I'd let you
know that in the meeting I have gone for
another virgin mojito it's not like I've
had ten
virgin mojito is either pretty much what
I drank one holiday I just love how
silent and still everybody guys I just
have the conversation with myself though
just won't believe I'm ever in meeting
something like you just go there every
other week just to make it look like
you've got BJ I'm gonna get run over
meeting is not done that was very
successful we went through lots and lots
of different things we even started
talking about things for in over a
year's time that's how far in advance
all these things have to happen we're
all now walking to mix Mel's
amazing you know came to vodka to grab
some lunch and I think we're gonna meet
Alfie and hatch there so it's gonna be
like before excited all we need is Dom
oh yeah a lot more than just you guys I
hope you're all hungry
which way is Baraka up down
I know Brighton so well I've only lived
here three years my goodness
I think I get my classic black diamond
cheese quesadilla because they are so
good
but also if this is mostly Joker they
ticket so I might have to get that as
well but Maddie tells me that what's it
called
the woman we just said when they give
her Table six
she went who said the girl with a selfie
stick hockey sticks out with mommy's mr.
black bean dip is really good so we're
going to
yeah my god classic black bean paste
dear chicken Chipotle sure
now we are making our way back I'm so
full that was delicious
I really like it so take me home now and
everyone has gone so I have an empty
house with just Nala I've got that thing
where you feel quite cold like your
bones feel cold do you know what I mean
like you've got like a chill and you
feel like the only thing that's gonna
sort you out is a bath but I can't have
a bath because I've got another meeting
in 20 minutes
and then I'm gonna have a bath nunna in
behind the cushions what were you doing
you funny girl I was just on my phone
looking through snapchat
as you do and Nala disappeared behind
these cushions there's no space in there
for you what are you doing you've just
got the best face I ever did see I hate
that I can't see anything because just
Muffit in the way it's a lot later now
meetings are done we're watching Angus
thongs and full-frontal snogging what
classic smells what did I say full
frontal oh that was the book yeah it's
called part of it full frontal snogging
it's called the book but the film is
called why my orange films called
paramon gong alright as I said at the
start of today I've got something really
exciting to share you sure sure I was
gonna say share with you and I also say
sure you type in your share you can I
see it then why would you gasps why are
you touching my stomach don't you fall
you should you must never do that so as
you know bringing out my third book
talked about it in a vlog way back I'll
leave a link in the description my
deadline is the end of this month still
have a bit more of a way to go but
the front cover is finally done I did
say that I would show you guys the title
when the front cover was done there's
still a few things that need tweaking
but I really wanted to show you it today
because I've got it are you online going
solo I actually did have to ask these
guys for help because we were trying to
pick a gonna go for the one that I like
the best as well I don't know which one
you liked the best I think the pink and
the orange I'm gonna let you see all
these little bits we've got madame la
plage a school for the arts presents
West Side Story what could that mean
Oh what could that mean would you know
what a thistle might mean well this
won't my Beach what good is Missal mean
broken heart pain no painful no someone
figured that one out we've got a mask
and down here we've got a little
sparkler and a camera and we've got
little sparklers around it and it's
orange so what time of the year do you
think it's likely
protection and pride
well could this will mean dents flower
head does it mean there's a dead flower
this is Scottish this always beautiful
fish and robust Scotland and they've
made me a mock up which was so nice of
them just so you can see it in like more
3d oh my god the back is amazing I told
you there's a few bits to tweak but I
really open this one it's the same mouth
what I saw is like not real is like
that's not properly rail on awake that's
not the actual book that's the first
book just a later finish the third one
yet but yes I am so happy but I can
share this with you and I feel like
there's a lot of really cool little
hints on the front and also obviously
the title is a big hint as to the theme
of the book and what is going to be
happening with penny and Noah and I'm so
excited for you guys to find out also
one other very exciting thing that's
going to be happening is which I don't
even know if you guys know actually I've
got my own Twitter emoji hmm with a
hashtag so as you're watching this it's
Friday at midnight tonight
so technically Saturday morning UK x
that's BST British summer time you can
use the hashtag zoella hashtag going
solo and hashtag girl online going solo
and there will be a little emoji of me
that comes up next to all of those don't
say
I will leave all the information and
which has passed tags and which has tax
you can use and which hashtags you can
use from midnight on Friday I will also
leave a link for you guys so you can go
on over and preorder this it is coming
out in November I believe it will be the
17th but obviously information will
update as that still quite far away
because yes I need to finish it out of
everyone in this room sean has actually
read the red number one oh I'm sorry
yeah dishes that are saying that Sean
was definitely the most invested in the
story I loved it I'm going to really
enjoy number three I've saved not really
number two because I know when I read
number one I was so disappointed entrie
the neck on straight away so I've saved
the key number three straight off he's
like I'm gonna wait til a bird yeah
exactly
you both got until November to finish
book - I'm gonna start reading number
two today how are you yeah you want what
do you want do you want my new paperback
already reading it out this month there
you go thank you very much
after publishing
three main pieces of advice stood out
from all the comments I'm sure to read
it not made around yourself with friends
and family dumb number to distract
yourself get out and do more exciting
things until all the memories of him
start to fade away this won't make any
sense to you though because you haven't
read the second wires okay I'm reading
it now move on yes yes
yeah Eliot's main advice - and yeah
somehow I don't think it's going to
happen so I decided to try method number
two well even that folks like drunk
history who want Shawn to read their
audio but I've come up to bed now
I've got me avvocato t-shirt on which I
kind of love and I'm getting cozy and
best but before I think about it I just
thought I would do the same thing that I
did when I released go online on tour
which was just to read a little bit of
the first bit of the third book go like
going solo so if you don't want to
listen to me rambling on reading a story
because let's face it I'm not an orator
I don't have a great reading voice in my
head it sounds a lot different than when
I actually read out loud I'm like I was
always one of those people in school
that never wanted to read aloud to the
class but here I am doing it online but
I did it last time and you guys already
liked it and also if you actually don't
want to know that's fine you can click
off this up sleeve oh if you'd rather
read it but if you just want to hear a
snippet then I will read them to you
also just to let you guys know if you
haven't read the second book what I'm
about to read you could have spoilers in
it so spoiler alert if you haven't
finished the second book or you're like
halfway through it don't listen
beyond this point because I don't want
to ruin it for you by reading the start
of the third book 15th of September
where is Noah Flynn this is a blog post
a small interruption to regularly
scheduled blogging if you're a regular
girl online reader you know I love
answering your questions either in the
comments or by email despite most of you
being super cool and asking about normal
things like my new school year and how I
go about getting organized my
up-and-coming coursework and exam
deadlines I've also had my inbox loaded
with questions about noah flynn more
specifically where is he what is he
doing and why did he leave the sketch
world tour now this isn't just happening
here in my blog but on every social
media account I have and even in real
life too so I feel it's time to set the
record straight about what I know if
you're a new reader of my blog you might
not be familiar with the fact that Noah
and I used to date in brackets emphasis
on the word used to long term readers
may also know him as Brooklyn boy and
although I haven't written about him in
a while or us for that matter
his recent hiatus have left a lot of
people wondering about him so deep
breath here's the truth I don't know
either I know as much as you do and all
I can hope is that he's okay and happy
whatever he's doing his management
issued this statement due to juggling a
heavy workload alongside personal
matters Noah has made the decision to
leave the sketch world tour a month
ahead of schedule he sends his apologies
to his fans for any disappointment
caused and thanks them all for their
continued support and that's all I've
got
unfortunately being a friend of Noah's
doesn't automatically mean I have him
GPS tracked so I can't log into some app
on my phone and see where he is although
I'm pretty sure my mom does this for me
and my brother all I can say to you is
that I know Noah and he wouldn't have
made this decision lightly but he is
also a very strong guy and I'm sure
he'll be back before we know it I hope
this answers your questions and that we
can all resume life here on girl online
as normal and for those of you who might
not have a clue what I'm talking about
I'm sorry
haha also Noah if you're reading this
text me back or I may have to send out a
private investigator to track you down
go online going offline kiss kiss kiss
chapter one the moment I finished the
blog post I hand over my laptop to
Elliot do you think this is good enough
his eyes scan the screen and I worry a
hangnail on the edge of my pinky finger
looks fine to me he says after a few
agonizing seconds his confirmation
granted I grabbed the laptop back and
hit publish before I can change my mind
immediately I feel a burden lift off my
shoulders it's done now I can't take the
words back my statement is officially
out there even though it's ridiculous
that I even need to make a statement
heat rises in my cheeks as I realize how
angry this situation is making me Elliot
coughs loudly interrupting my train of
thought his lips are bunched up into a
corner which makes my heart drop because
I know he's worried about something have
you really not heard from Noah since
mid-august I shrug nope I can't believe
him Brooklyn boy is letting us down I
show again it's about the only gesture I
can muster if I think about it too hard
all the emotions I've been struggling to
hide will come bubbling to the surface
all I have is this one text I take out
my phone and put the message C text
sorry penny it all got a bit too much
I'm quitting the tour and taking a break
I'll be in touch soon and kiss I don't
know what Noah's definition of soon is
but it's been well over a month now and
I haven't heard a peep
I have sent numerous text DMS and emails
or with no response I also don't want to
seem like some desperate ex-girlfriend
trying to track him down
so that slowed to a stop recently but it
still sends a gut-wrenching flicker
through my mind every time I think about
the fact that he hasn't responded well
you've done the right thing by putting
your story out there and getting people
off your back who needs that kind of
drama right exactly I shuffled down to
the end of the bed and grabbed a
hairbrush off my desk my eyes wander
around the selfies pin to the mirror as
I run the brush through the knot of
newly sunkissed Orban tangles there are
pictures of me with Leah brown Elliot
and Alex even one with Megan most of
them are obscured though by cutouts of
my favorite photographs from magazines
inspiration for my portfolio and my a
level revision schedule carefully
highlighted and color-coded so I know
exactly what I need to do mum made a
joke that I spent more time color coding
than actually studying but it helps me
to feel in control of something
everything else in my life seems just
beyond my reach Noah at my photography
career even my friends everyone is
preparing for life beyond sixth form
even though I've got a huge head start
with my internship with Francois Pierre
Nouveau one of the hottest
refers on earth I feel like I'm standing
still while everyone else is running
around me where do I go from here that
is enough of my reading for today I hope
you liked it I'm gonna go to sleep now
this is like the weirdest angle but I
quite like it cuz I feel like you're
like excite the end of my bed and I'm
just like reading to you at the end of
my bed it's quite cash it feels quite
nice I like it
me and Panda wish you good night we love
you a lot thanks for listening I hope
you're as excited as I am but yeah
anyway I'm gonna stop rambling and I am
actually gonna go to sleep now so thank
you so much for watching give it a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll see
you again
