oh good morning everybody
it is currently birthday I've had a very
busy couple of weeks or so I felt ill
been to a wedding
Nyla's been ill it's all been going on
and some other stuff that I'll probably
touch on at some point in this lot but
now is probably not the time because I
am currently in the affair had two
meetings this morning already
we had Briony in and we did a little
sound recording for the trailer for the
book which hopefully once that's done I
get to share that with you because I'm
so excited for you to see it it's the
one that Duncan filmed and it's amazing
I hope you might it inspires you to get
people together and make an occasion out
of every day you said
I kind of want to get that loads of fun
pardon no this is a great spread to me
and of it thank you
how exciting Friday where's your I know
I cheated
eating out Chris not the way we spent
then after that we did a little meeting
with someone who hopefully will be doing
a new vocalist intro for this channel
for this year I'm now going to take some
pictures or a sponsor that I'm posting
on Instagram I'm probably already gone
up by the time you see this got myself a
butter minty it's a very really
miserable day I kind of like it very
cozy and I'm just gonna film little bits
throughout the day because we've got
busy office Lots going on just been
listening to Mark and his most recent
drama so I need you to reply to that but
yeah that is how my day has started so
cheap
here's a little brain teaser that
holly's put on the board and I want you
to write what you think the answer is in
the comments so you've got a three liter
jug a five liter joke and a tap using
the three liter and five liter jugs how
can you measure exactly four liters so
there's your bring teaser for the day
it's like note I didn't do it
I'm not very good at things like that I
get very impatient very frustrated and I
just end up googling it I don't like
that those are completely different
colors just need along here
a line of little hassles
don't
I like that design is much more simple
kind of just like how they've done this
here where it's a repeat of a pattern
I'm just wondering oh like a yellow
mustard colored
Cheers
so we're about to do a Skype meeting on
a very exciting project that I don't
think is any point sharing with you just
yet because it's very very early but
it's very exciting very very exciting
it's something I've never done before or
worked on before that's the only thing
that could be elevated excited people on
earth very exciting people people who I
have loved for so long we should just
make it all the more exciting and maybe
they're not in this country which
inspire others so much kind of obvious
oh so now you're going to get a little
time now so just be really frustrating
but maybe one day if I save this footage
I can let them in on the like more of
the logistics and the planning this is
going to be a funny thing
making its TV program yeah season 1
season 2 on Netflix on season 3 is
currently on TV at the moment ok I'm
gonna do for any next thing oh it's so
good the six episodes per series so it's
not to feel fear it's like a you it's
like another version of broadchurch
amazing but like that more detective ii
know i TV se glittery it's so since yeah
yeah and it's got like an amazing
soundtrack like kind of like broadchurch
did Marie sad there's no my butcher yeah
they're not go anymore series
how does it feel it was this thing in
this contract which is called the mystic
trance Perry's really pretend she put
someone down
that's like transferee to the agreement
should you know normally be able to if
you die that's a really easy way putting
it oh my god I can even touch very much
word that was Joe yeah he'll be alright
I think he's but he's good at like
picking things up from people quite
quickly like I think if someone's trying
to teach him he's a good learner mm-hmm
yes he used to be a Thatcher like you
can watch you guys and there's well just
be darling these you clap it's nice than
you find honey like oh it really likes
happening really like the blue ones
great you're great
it's like an all-star get flavor mm-hmm
it's great yeah but it also tastes like
when you're little and you eat your
vitamin just century weird taste about
they all do that's why you keep eating
them
yeah to get rid of get rid of a taste
yeah is all of the things that need to
be agreed by everybody for it to go
ahead that means that doesn't mean yeah
I remember
that's there I was your hair wash maybe
three days ago yeah but you have you can
have great hair for a long time it can
make it really big into state that's
like it looks good like that volume
remember I didn't wash my hair for 11
days that's quite impressive
it still can read it that resuming my
name is Zoey why do you think people
think it's my name it's just it's like
Cher have you seen the new Vermeer no oh
my god it's so good new episode where I
keeping up with the kardashians disease
editor
zowie meeting for done for the day just
me and Holly now where are you you are
so very soon oh my god the something is
being released very very soon I think
most of you get the gist now that around
the end of August is when my Christmas
gifting beauty and lifestyle collections
start coming out on the shelf actually
that's a lie it's just beautiful zoella
beauty Christmas I know that if you
watch these logs and you have a bit more
of an e Eagle I suppose eagle eye you
might have already seen some of the bits
and pieces that I've shared but I am
technically allowed to show you a bit
more now I don't want to go too into
detail because it's gonna be out for a
very long time I don't want to like
overload you or bore you but I
definitely want to show you the vibe of
the collection I asked recently on
Instagram what your guess was and I'm
gonna say at least 80% of you got it
right so well done but the best way of
kind of giving you a sneak peek is to
show you this shelf in the cupboard
which we have had full of product for
about two months now there are how it
farting look at this look at it wish
upon a star and then we have sense of
wonder roller balls I'll show you the
bottle how cool is that so the whole
range is cosmos and it's based on
holographic space stars basically which
i think is really cool what's going on
with my collar yeah I'm very very
excited to be able to share that with
you so you will start to see in some of
the larger super drug stores you'll
start to see some of these bits coming
in because they do like a pre shelf
price test thingy so that is why they go
in slightly earlier than you would
expect
but I absolutely love the scent in fact
I'm gonna take this home with me because
I want one I don't have one in my house
yeah they're all in the office but I
don't have any at home so I'm gonna take
that do you like this dent Holly it's
good it's a good'n it's one I really
it's one I find I spray constantly on
myself and then when I like get a whiff
of it I'm like so nice because it's it
has so many different layers to it but
I'll I'll chat you a little bit more
about the fragrance also a hand cream
reach for the moon which I'm also gonna
take pop that in my handbag
lovely jubbly right now I need to get
the hell out of here because mark is on
his way to the spaghetti it's now Friday
and we're starting the day off with a
house full of builders as we have all
week which makes it slightly difficult
to vlog but something very exciting is
about to happen and Mark's about to
smell this for the first time wait have
you smelled this Elfi you probably have
but not realized you were in a meeting
yeah you have Alvie smarter not much
darling.i oh my god
isn't it nice I'm like obsessed with it
like I spray it on me all the time no I
like said this is so uni when your
watermelon
I feel like it's quite a nice like
evening 7 - it's like sexy TV yeah I
think this is sexy my advice like smell
someone wearing this I love the
holographic lid I'm just noticed but
yeah this is quite sexy
very classy classy I love how big it is
as well oh yeah that's like the limited
edition big old boy the bigger
the best huh I forgot to explain why
your hair hi guys I'm back it's been a
while how do you miss me tell me three
things about your week three things
about my week okay so it's been relaxing
I've been pretty happy and it's been
close and should that word know closed
well it's been great so closure yeah
it's been great
oh but you said three words oh yeah
great for closure the reason we have
builders in our house this week by the
way is not because we're having anything
like extra done to our house it's just
snagging my leash maintenance snagging
cuz it's been a year since we've been
here now so they're just filling in
cracks repainting things that need
repainting or anything that's like
broken or didn't quite work plan for
today is you may remember last year when
Alfie convinced me to go on an
inflatable course what I called
inflatable obstacle course that's their
same it reminds me of primary school
well he's persuaded me to go again
he's also persuaded mark he's also
persuaded poppy and Shawn so we're all
gonna head over there I should put some
makeup on really what are we leaving
we've still got an hour that's fine
I have learnt from last time that this
is a workout it's fun but it's a workout
and it was actually on a cold day and
now it's fairly warm so I've gone from a
gym kit which gets a lot of use like I
wear it all the time hope you messaged
me like what are you wearing I think I
might just wear jeans I was like you
can't wear jeans I sent her a picture of
me and my gym charles's and she was like
yeah but wait let me tell you the exact
thing she said mine are all old and used
yours are cute and unused I thought I'd
go like comfy
be easy to lunge easy to sprint easy to
climb so it's a lot higher than you
think
are you afraid of heights oh yeah I love
stuff like this yeah as long as I take
more oh yeah we should take some water
are you ready how do you feel about this
I'm about an 8 out 10 ready okay I think
maybe once we get into it it will be
like these lot they're all so the first
bit is very very high if any of you want
to come and try it's the world's longest
inflatable and it's the labyrinth
there's an air house it travels all over
the UK so you don't have to just come to
Brighton later on everybody from the
office is going to come down a little
bit of bonding session yeah that's the
one if team-building don't get word
together often like together because
they have different style jobs get like
their legs tied together enough to do it
together
you can do it just down
go on so smile yes sorry that's quick
Zoe I'm gonna go around the other side
you have to go round them that's it
good morning it's now Saturday and we
didn't actually end the vlog last night
because all three of us basically fell
asleep on the sofa and what absolutely
knackered that just shows that you
cannot run around like a child as an
adult anymore well you certainly don't
have this thing to stand on oh that's
for sure I am now making pancakes I'm
currently making pancakes because I woke
up this morning and I had like a real
urge to bake marks still here Alfie's
with mark and yeah I'm just kicking up
some pancakes
there's the stack and then everything to
put on them and we also went and got
some juices and smoothies as well and
this is my first fail pancake there's
always one I mean it probably tastes
okay but just know I'm too much of a
perfectionist this is what I was aiming
for this didn't quite cut it this is my
stack I went for one with some yogurt
whereas recent strawberries in the
middle and then another pile on top and
then we've gone for a bit cinnamon but
winter spice on this quite autumnal day
actually I quite like it it's nice isn't
it express yeah
no it's nice Alfie's gone for some honey
and some berries I loved watching how
people decorate their pancake feel like
it says a lot about person not today
though usually you see mine and it
wouldn't be looking like this were there
I think I was excited yeah but I made
the effort you should have your sight
Alfie's is very uniform look at that it
looks like a tart you know the ones you
buy in the shops we've just tried this
which is a spiced apple date and vanilla
cashew smooth it cashews how do you show
what do you think I think it tastes
quite odd like wintery and quite nice I
was expecting
hey it's more like a cheat like a juice
I guess it could shoot I've gone for a
strawberry raspberry and banana mark has
now gone home and I'm about to make a
start on making the bed tidying up the
bedroom a little bit and I'm also
running myself a bath Nell has got a
bacterial infection which means we're
having to put drops in her eye every
three times a day
turns out that's a lot harder than I
thought it was gonna be but hopefully
your eye will clear up and they first
thought it was glycome which is
obviously very very serious and means
that she will go blind
thankfully after a few tests they worked
out with bacterial eye infection so very
very lucky
but yeah I'm doing a really half-assed
job of making this bed this morning
done catching up on a little bit of
Megan ellaby babe if you don't watch her
videos do make sure you go and check
them out she is lovely yeah I'm gonna
have a little mid-afternoon bath wash my
hair sort myself out and then this
afternoon and probably some of tomorrow
I'm actually filming a video for this
channel which is with a brand who I love
and I'm very excited to film the video
so I'm going to be doing that for the
rest of the weekend I've just done my
hair which is always the thing that
takes me the longest haven't done my
makeup yet but is there anyone else
who's just like - red hair wash and
styled a I think I wash my hair probably
like twice a week but it's just my least
favourite time washing my hair always
hated it and even though it's a lot
shorter now it still just takes me the
same out so I'm not gonna lie well this
is not a tiny background there's a
carrot on my radiator I've just had the
biggest clear out of all my makeup and I
just feel so cleansed does anyone else
feel like that when you just go through
all your drawers and just sort
everything out just get rid of all the
stuff you just feel like you don't need
need I love it so earlier on I said I
was gonna chat to you a little bit about
I thought it just needs to be cash it's
a cash trap because otherwise I won't be
able to do it here she comes
Bello I think I mean it all make sense I
get onto it in a second I just think so
you know what kind of journey I'm on it
feels good for me to tell you I think
not being able to talk is what has made
me feel like this for so long and I've
had so many conversations with so many
people that I'm close to like work with
about this topic kind of there's there's
lots of different things but I have made
me feel how I feel right now
and I feel like tackling a couple of
them head-on is what's gonna make the
most difference to me and make me the
most happy and I think one of the main
things is my content and like my
presence online obviously I do this
because I love it I did this almost ten
years ago now I picked up my camera and
I talked about the things I liked the
things I bought and how I felt I think
that's a really important one because I
felt so comfortable being really open
and talking about so many different
aspects of my life almost to the point
where now I think I probably over shared
having a career online on a platform
that is changing and adapting very
rapidly and changes are kind of
happening without any input from me or
any input from any other creator it's
changes that no one can control and it's
quite a scary place to be sometimes I
would be lying if i sat here and said
that every day of those ten years has
been the best day of my life because
let's be honest in any career or any job
you're in there will be something that
stresses you out or something that
outweighs the positive every now and
then or something that just makes it a
little bit harder for you to enjoy what
you love doing
I think it's the amount of people the
responsibility and the expectation that
people have of me there are so many
people and there are so many opinions
and there are people who want me to do
certain things or don't want me to do
certain things or people that see me in
a certain way or portray me in a certain
way and that's are the creators media
outlets anyone and brands I don't know
anyone I didn't ever start this to build
a career from it because it wasn't a
thing as much as I never anticipated all
the amazing things to come out of this I
also never anticipated all the things
that could potentially make me not want
to do it I hate the amount of pressure
and expectation that comes of that and
that's a really that's a really big
thing that I think I've not dealt with
very well the main things for me is that
I feel like I can't fully be myself
online I question absolutely everything
I say everything I do I go through my
videos fifty thousand times I mean
that's an exaggeration I probably go
through them like three times just to
make sure I've not said anything that
could be taken out of context the
culture of what YouTube and the internet
is right now is so not what it was ten
years ago I I just sometimes feel a
little bit like I can't be myself
because there are people circling me
like hawks just waiting for something
and I feel like if I'm not fully myself
and I don't give everything I have and I
don't do things with my heart on my
sleeve which if you've been following me
for a long time I feel like you will
have noticed how little I give of me and
how I'm feeling and how I feel about
situations and my opinions and my
personal beliefs because I don't feel
like I can because I just feel like I'd
be encircled waiting for up for someone
to swoop down and take something and fly
off and do something with it I think I
described it to somebody like imagine
you absolutely loved working with
it's your like you've trained so hard
for it you've worked really hard for it
you wake up every morning and you can't
wait to go and be with the animals at
the zoo that you work at but then you
get to the zoo and there's just these
people that want you to fail and they
are like kind of just like sneering at
you and standing in front like standing
from afar kind of just waiting for you
to do something to mess up so that you
get fired and they get promoted I feel
like that's how it feels and that's the
only way I can explain it and there will
be employees around you who love that
you're bad and who love the work you do
and tell you that there's no one else
that looks after the giraffe in the same
way that you do but those other people
are still there and that does still
affect you but you love the work you're
doing it's a real weird dilemma I know
that there's a lot of other people who
feel the same way as well the other day
I asked on Instagram why do you follow
me so that could be on Instagram it
could be on YouTube just wanted to know
why because I'm very interested in what
it is that you like from me and what you
like from my content and everyone was
saying not everyone but a lot of people
the majority of answers was how positive
I am how down-to-earth I am and how real
I am I was like that has blown my mind
because if this is why people following
are following me I don't feel like I can
be my realest self right now I don't
feel like I'm having a proper impostor
syndrome where I'm like living my days
in a daze I'm so disconnected from it
and I feel safer not posting anything
and that is really sad I don't think
that I'm gonna be able to explain this
how it is in my head because everyone
who I've spoken
about this it's been like a three-hour
conversation I'm not going to do that to
you so I am gonna keep it like top-line
this is a lot harder for me to film I
thought it was gonna be because I still
feel like I can't talk at you I don't
feel like I can be myself I don't feel
like I can be the honest version the
real version everyone knows and loves me
for that's very big-headed I mean it on
that oh god see I'm doing it already so
yes I do still want to make content but
I want to have a bit of a refocus I want
to take a step back now think about the
kind of content I really really want to
make I think for a very long time
because of the expectation I didn't want
to like venture out of anything I'd
already done I thought well that's what
people like so I need to keep making it
and don't get me wrong I enjoy every
video I make but I probably don't get
the same creative fulfillment out of it
I get creative fulfilment out of a lot
of other projects I work on so I press
I'm sorry but I think videos where that
was once my main area of creativity it's
kind of taken a bit of a back step and I
don't push myself as much on my videos
as I used to
I still enjoy making them but I also
just don't feel like I sit back and
think about what do I really want to
make not what do I think everyone else
wants to see but what do I really want
to mate so I hope that you don't mind
that I'm gonna just take a little bit of
like a breather on my zoella channel and
there might just be a couple of changes
and things that I choose not to share as
much off and things that I I kind of
just want to keep for myself I just I
just wanted to be honest with you and
you know how I was feeling and that was
freaking terrifying if you're another
creator out there please
let me know if you feel like this it can
be very very lonely doing this because I
just feel like as much as I talk to
people about it
no one is is in my brain and no one is
experiencing things the same way I am
and that can feel very isolating and
very lonely and you feel like no one's
gonna understand
I'm really excited though like I just
want to express I'm not like having some
kind of crisis I can see you know every
now and then you need to have a little
moment whatever you're doing whatever
job you're in wherever you're consumed
in it's important to have a step back
evaluate see what's working see what
isn't working
see what's making you happy see what is
fulfilling you see what isn't and to
make changes I don't feel like I do this
enough for myself not just for like my
channel and for whatever you're watching
I need to do this a lot more because I
do just let it go on and on and on to
the point where I just feel like I'm
plugging everything regardless of what
career in um just taking a step back and
being like what's working here or isn't
and do I really enjoy doing what I'm
doing and what aspects of it don't I
enjoy and how can I change those and I
think that's just kind of what I'm doing
right now so if you don't mind just
being a little bit patient with me on my
develope annal I'm still gonna be
posting vlogs and I'm Phil over on its
scrum so you can go there I haven't like
fully disappeared on a parting note on
our little chat I think the longer we're
all surrounded by negativity the more
normal it becomes and that's what's
scary that's what's really scary is that
I feel like in the end no one will even
know it's negative or that it's mean or
it's cruel it's just so strange I feel
like people are losing empathy for
people it's like people aren't real it's
like the people that you're talking to
or you're talking about aren't real
people and they are you'll get to the
point where we all go back to Nokia 3310
and have to call each other on landlines
do you want that Google certainly
doesn't want that this will go back to
dial-up see you at 6 p.m. I'm going to
stop here because I'm rambling and I
need to turn this light off let me just
quickly show you what I've done here
with my makeup so I'm up in possibly
it's kind of my like storage such makeup
area where I just keep things like this
so this is Christmas last year beauty
lifestyle last year as well and all that
cupboard smells delightful because the
Christmas candles and then oh look got
some proper old classics in there who
else was obsessed with this so good well
that's what stuff then I redid this this
was a massive computer where me and
Alfie
were filming The Sims so I have a mirror
here hey this isn't fully done because I
feel like it's still a bit right this
Bob's gone ok still a work in progress I
think I'd like to put some art or
something down the sides because I just
feel like it feels very impersonal but I
have my lipsticks here and the reason I
put this mirror behind here is because
the Sun rises this side and I just
imagined like picking up a lipstick I'm
taking the lid off and it just running
out because they would be melted because
it's been so hot here so this entire
thing is mostly lipsticks so these are
all my liquid lip colors I think I have
too many nudes like essentially these
are pretty much all the same color and
then this one
there's
more but there's kind of different
formulations so there's crayons and
other brands I couldn't fit in here like
the latex ones melted mattes some
Maybelline's and then the bottom is all
of my darker shades and I can't wait to
switch these up when the months get
cooler so these are all my like berries
listen berries this side as well have I
done this done hmm
and reds and there's no Center Beauty
ones as well mini ones these are great
for throwing in your handbag then we
move on to theater glosses now I know
what you're thinking Zoe you don't wear
glitter gloss I know but I'm like a
magpie and I can't throw them away so
I've kept like a variation of glittery
glosses and the who WT lip strobes and
this this came to my PO Box quite
recently this is a Becca lip to ative
glow gloss or it's so beautiful it has
blue reflex in it then we have news
glosses oh wait then awesome concealers
more concealers I'm a huge concealer
fanatic so I like to have a variation of
different concealer oh and more
concealers eye creams oh my god the
Stila ones are incredible as other pixie
ones and these oh my god
great some Kylie ones what these called
eyeliners mascaras oh ok so more like
eyeshadow creams and then individual
shadows
I love these color pop ones I don't tend
to go for an individual eyeshadow as
much as I do a palette but I couldn't
get rid of these eye primers over here
have a little Bath & Body Works
latte and sunny lipliners and these are
also kind of like lip crayons like big
lip crayons Oh can't open this one
eyebrows nice selection there and
powders gels creams lip lovely
conditioning lip products Oh more
lipsticks these I'm keeping in here
because they wouldn't fit in here
and some extremists are in the odds and
ends probably wondering but where's all
your other makeup all in here still I
have shown these before but I've just
kind of decluttered them a little bit
powders palette oh what's this one
highlight highlights
oh that's highlight okay so that's
highlighted war
that's like contour and highlight
palettes more eye shadows this one
blushes brushes that's a big old one
bronzers glittery shimmer pots glitters
I still need to put more back in here
kind of random festively
stuff odds and sods lashes and nails
come on is that rug very comfy yeah I
definitely want to kind of do this room
up a little bit I think I might put some
art up here on this wall and just get a
bit more creative because it's very just
gray and cupboards then what can you
really do with gray in cupboards because
you can't put art on the cupboards it
has the best light the reason I moved
everything whoa the reason I moved
everything in
that window is because the Sun rises on
that side of the house so are you there
I can't do my makeup in my bedroom
mostly because I get up earlier than
Alfie so opening the curtains I'm trying
to do my makeup I like to watch videos
and I like to put music on so it's been
fair and I was doing in the bathroom but
again the light is great in there but it
doesn't go shine at my face so the best
window is that window and so I moved
everything up to that window and that
was a really fun weekend of organizing I
was going to film it and then I got far
too into it not like damn it so I think
maybe next time I have a huge declutter
I'll go through some of my like tips and
things that I like to do to declutter
and let you know it's very warm today Oh
how's your eye feeling babe how's your
eye feeling feeling okay I love her so
much when she's not really feeling very
well there's something wrong with her
she is so I mean she's needy anyway you
guys know she's a little shadow but she
is so needy she has to be with me all
the time rest in your little head
nice smile
it's a very cute little walk
she's cute
