hello everybody the start of this vlog
needs a little bit of explanation
because it just won't really make a lot
of sense I lost a ton of footage off of
my memory card part of it included the
first clip of this day so I go really
quickly into so what I'm doing this
weekend is and actually that it I mean I
could have just uploaded like that but
it just didn't seem very me because I
like to Rambler I like to explain and I
like there to be a bit more of a story
this vlog was from a couple of weeks ago
but thank you for your patience I've had
a lot of projects happening all at once
and I'm not very good at juggling
multiple kind of creative projects
especially when they're quite big ones
like book and product launch and just a
lot going on yeah it's all very exciting
but yeah it just meant I had quite a lot
going on and then losing the start of
this vlog was really annoying and I
tried to get it back and I couldn't I
couldn't recover it from the memory
cards so so now that I finally have the
time to sit down and finish editing this
vlog it's a nice long one so I hope you
enjoy it and I also reveal my book cover
at the end so if any of you don't follow
me on Instagram or you haven't seen it
yet then stay tuned and it will be at
the end of this video so I hope you
enjoy and I will see you at the end I
think the plan for the next couple of
days as I mentioned in my previous vlog
is gonna be just like chilling in the
garden sunbathing working outside and
using the pole and all of the giant
inflatables that I have purchased so
mark is coming over later today and
Alfie's at the office during some
meetings currently but I think this
afternoon we're gonna make a start on
the pool fun and then I think tomorrow
Alfie's invited loads of his friends I
think poppy and Shaun are gonna pop over
we're gonna do a barbecue hopefully but
I think tonight will be really nice just
to get some snacks and some ice lollies
and some drinks and just to like chill
but that is the plan I've just had a
delivery of my fourth round of proofs
which I did talk about in my last vlog
and I think think this might be
the final round before it goes off to
print oh gosh I'm so bad I leave my wet
towels everywhere now he probably has
that on his list of things that I do
that annoy him just been making sure the
spare bedroom is nice and tidy we've got
some very splash themed bedding going on
in here
little fresh towel put out open the
window get some air in I think before
mark arrives I'm gonna make a start on
my proofs because I have 24 hours and we
all know how thorough I like to be yes
we do
it's probably best that I make a start
on that
just started on autumn has arrived do I
have a break now or do I just finish it
I reckon I'll just finish it in Myanmar
Christian changed into my bikini which
is from a sauce and this like throw on
comfy thing that's also from a sauce and
I've finished my book proofs in like
record time because really there's not a
lot to change at this point it's like
tiny final little bits so yeah all done
I think for like the final time I also
got to give mark a little sneak peek at
the book and it's really encouraging
because he's not seen it as like fresh
eyes like looking over like the fourth
round so they were like bit so he was
like oh my god I love that and oh my god
I would so make that so I'm like I feel
a bit more like relieved about it
because that's like one other person
who's really excited about it and really
like happy with it so it makes me feel a
lot more like yeah people are gonna like
this so mark is upstairs getting changed
let me show you him because I haven't
yet some of you might not know who mark
is because he hasn't really been in my
videos much okay shoot oh I love boys
too small you can have a set mum Bumba I
think short shorts are like fashionable
yeah you know yeah yeah so how are you
I'm just filming game just tell me how
your weeks been in like three words so
get in there heartbroken what is this
quite a mixture basically we taking mark
under our wing yeah he needs all the
love this week
yeah they look really how do they feel
massive did you go for maybe there are
like a Bhagya style I mean I don't think
they open they look quite nice
they're just quite wide by your thighs
maybe if you like roll the ends up maybe
I should get them to tell you that do
you go to a tailor
yeah are you gonna walk I love this
little asshole basics basics tea type
number nice and just like a great great
yeah great nice yeah
now because we're heading outside and
it's very very hot Nala is gonna want to
come with her she has FOMO and I bought
her this the other day so it's an ice
bandana
instant ultra cooling relief for dogs I
just need to work out what I'm supposed
to do with it
for it to like work maybe I have to put
it in water soaked about nanoreel water
and the special material inside will do
its work okay I think I got it from the
garden center it's cool isn't it cuz
Nonna's the sort of breed because she's
got black fur where she could overheat
very easily and because she's a short
faced dog I'll really look I'm not sure
she's like I'm wet but I'm not wet
you remember this big pool that Alfie
bought that he had set up there that
looked half like per well here it is
it's not really a paddling pool at this
point is it no this is like her bloody
Olympic right we got to take this off
put your hand in yeah
why is it warm Oh it'll be warm on the
top because of the if you go further
down it'll be colder oh right should we
pull it off from this end when you need
okay I even bought everybody like a pool
towel so that we didn't have to get our
like house ones like wet and dirty face
up even worse obviously the private
parts
you got just put your shoulders under
three two one refreshing yes fight on
the wave machine there he is
Free Willy oh my god
mark said he wants to try and stand on
this you're gonna try it on there Abbott
spinning you got there you haven't well
I can see right now marks head is just
like floating I could just see like your
face are you loving it we're just
waiting for Alfie he should be here soon
heavier with the jointer it's meant to
some music
got some water how's your bandana doing
we ranch
we just need a fee now this is the
perfect song
three
my ice cream what you bought Magnus
Magnusson you I don't know this is just
I feel so happy right now
Oh what film is this song some really
done yeah I feel like it's in a film
that's like that film with Lindsay Lohan
to something like that maybe yes yeah
me and Mark were just talking about how
don't you dare come on favorite birthday
that's my twin all right
we're just saying how does anyone
watching this actually feel that age
they are because I never feel my age I
either feel 90 or for there is nothing
in between I'm either a child or I'm an
old lady I'm not at all what age do you
feel Mark I feel can I just check I've
got you in short oh there you go
sometimes I feel like I'm 18 yeah like
I'm like when I'm out with my friends I
feel like sometimes I act like here's my
first night out but the majority of time
I definitely do feel like I'm 22 23 yeah
I just know unless you're doing
something really serious you can act
however you want in your downtime as
long as you're not hurting anyone oh
yeah and also who actually does act
their age like who's an example of
someone that acts their age and why are
they the example to you I mean
we were just saying that we live in
never-never land right we just don't
ever grow up yeah no one's told us the
Holland oh she's got a little twig the
ice cream box
Oh if you can't but I don't think she'll
run away from you she knows this is
gonna be stealthy
oh my god Oh mark so horrible to you are
you gonna jump him with your phone I'm
not gonna lie it's a little bit colder
at the bottom but it's so refreshing and
a bottom of the pool it's cold we've
come in from outside and we're about to
make a little trip to the shops to get
some bits for tomorrow but also grab
something for lunch grab some snacks and
also I just really feel like getting out
of the house
going somewhere because I've been here
all day and I think a trip to the
supermarket is always a lot of fun right
this is a sign that your bestie who
loves fragrance is loving your new
fragrance it's it's nearly Afghan and
you had it less than a week oh my god if
you could see my face I'm glad you like
it
we're at tax guys Alfie's got his bags
are you ready
were you looking no mother or the
Builder do you think what the food is
still popular the boater she's I wonder
how old Bob the Builder is so Humpty
Dumpty let's get a big trolley Clara can
we get lots of I'm sorry throughout he
died didn't
humpty-dumpty guys you clicking here
trolleys Oh pounds in here oh my god
if it stopped there we go have you ever
seen the ice lollies section looking so
sad and bare definitely BBQ essentials
Oh they've got all these little like
nibbly bits honestly think the cereal
aisle is my favorite aisle in the whole
group market what you saying what do you
think I do agree you do mine is probably
like the sausage rolls the Queen a key
bits chickeny Mabel next up wait what
did we get in drainage down here down
here we just sat watching love island
chillin what an explosive episode right
guys tonight I've been trying to delete
photos from my camera roll because my
phone keeps telling me I'm running out
of storage so I had I had 53,000 images
it's still not deleting them all though
mark take a while so I deleted over
3,000 images and then my phone froze and
I was like it's taking me 45 minutes
marked X and pictures of me on a
watermelon earlier this this is this is
it turned up you look like you've got
like a wake from hairspray on you yeah
no it's not my hair
way then it turns out the photos
digitally and then I went into my
deleted and almost press to recover all
mark like like what huzzah
be sure it mark all these pictures of me
so he's been voting no one verse 18 the
ambulance our New Year's be happy yeah
Daria Jack we've also got a bowl of
Maltesers probably my current favorite
evenings not right now
Oh Megan West can't go because they're
not in a couple technically the decision
is down to them oh my god wall yes Laura
wave her name is gonna vote Megan gone
they're making them vote individually
not as a couple my gosh
Melik Malkin Megan's moment the Galvez
boat the boy and the boys go yeah it's
good to stay because we're say no that
can't make a now but it goes burn the
boy out Oh God that connotes negative
breakups oh I don't know if this is a
path ever happened before
let's took them till 3 a.m. to film by
the way how do you know his Caroline put
on the story
oh my god I quite liked ER oh my god go
breathe
oh my god they're jumping Zara Eddie but
there's nobody relationship for any
because meows on but now Adam is left
with no one hours gone so now Eddie's
left with no one what Adams not gonna be
half of them is a they've really messed
that up that's especially because the
girls are first and they vote wait yeah
Thursday morning
it's another beautiful day in the UK
heatwave Alfie's already gone off this
morning because he has two meetings and
I am heading into the office because I
have a couple of things I really need to
get done and the girls have like a long
list of things they need to run past me
so I'm heading in for a couple of hours
oh and marks coming along for the ride
you can either stay in the office do it
work or you can have a little wonder
around town a little shop feel like I'm
bringing my childhood that's me I can't
wait inflatable spoofs women son friends
below
I've realized my ferret's knows no
lyrics literally I only you listen to so
much music yeah and the thing is I know
parts of every song you know I like what
the song's called one direction which I
know all the words one day on the way in
yeah
like they ever fight like you've been
amazing so sorry
I'm up in the office
Mark's gone off for a little adventure
in town and I am about to sniff some new
options for a Christmas scent I wish I
could turn this around but it's too much
it's too much of a giveaway I am gonna
smell some new Christmas sense because
although the ones we smell over at the
fragrance house I felt like they didn't
quite work one side sniff them again so
we've gone back the drawing board on
that one so I'm about to get my sniff on
but also there are some mock-up products
for next year's range and it looks
really great these are the sorts of
things we should keep and show people
yeah you got a flap it about a Sophie's
dad I don't remember which one I sprayed
on me now woody I got that the same one
as you which one have you got them woody
oh yeah
Oh what was that that's you what you had
is why did you spray in here like I
quite like that do you know that do you
yeah it's not the same one I have the
I don't feel like it's very Christmasy
what one of you guys okay but I kind of
understand to make sure Oh ice cream
have you got a mush on
I feel like they all tie the same is it
here
it's just area oh I like that one of
these this is my favorite yesterday I
think it's between Sophie and Maddie
festival because the thing is that it
needs to it needs to be a certain that
people want to wear all the time your
hair and then summer yeah I think this
one is it could be quite summery
yeah yeah I think that's too because it
has the fruit in it that was quite like
yeah yeah I think Maddie's yeah it's
between Sophie and Monday which one pink
that's a very true
oh my god I so know this a little well
so for any of you that saw my fragrance
day where mark was with me he said we
were smelling have now been put into
formulations and so we've all been
trying them but now in this formulation
what's this sorry the scroll yeah that's
a scrub so scrub the back of your hand
or smeller
isn't it good you keep doing this to me
I feel like that like it broad every
time you big something I'm like it's my
favorite also you have to wait a year
for this sorry that's the most annoying
thing about this it's like I'm by the
way that is what it will look like oh my
god isn't it cool mock-ups oh yeah and
that smells like this isn't it good and
give that away
how precious bad days it's not like
commit all Jenny sweetie oh yeah I can't
wait I'm so excited oh yeah yeah I'm
gonna have to make these samples really
last me on
I love a member rbair
ha
paym I've popped my bikini back on and I
think it's about time to start blowing
up that bucking bronco because I think
it's going to take a while
that is massive I'm saying I think this
is the coolest inflatable I've ever seen
in my life I just want to sit on it -
Jill yeah gone then Oh No
yeah how long can you last on that 20
minutes bloody ell us a workout you have
to hold on and everyone else
Bosch is there so we've got a child
sleeping slides it's a bit more of an
upgrade than last year just in case I
find the big one a bit scary
this is what it's like you know is for
two people
that needs more of a slave it's only
gonna get as well same time doesn't
matter how you pain it's amazing
from there
yeah you hit the first paintbar shortly
the second paint-pot
okay
the barbecue is in like full swing got
all the food out well done lads on the
barbie this all looks great I made my
little caprese salad awesome
better cold pasta which is my favorite
thing in the world anyway guys talking
take a plate tuck in everyone oh ma the
boys are having a game of spike it's
okay though more Sun to come this week
we're looking at Marc's old facebook
pictures I can't bear good morning it is
now Friday Sun is out and it's another
beautiful morning mark is still upstairs
I've just made breakfast in the Alfie
and mark out he's got to get ready
because he's off to meetings in London
today today don't know I can't talk
actually he made I'm not sure if Mark
wants an iced coffee this morning but I
made her home for Alfie and Alfie came
back from the gym and he was like I've
just had a double iced coffee I cannot
drink another one just techsmartt like
iced coffee
I also made us some fruit salads out
he's taking his upstairs got some
yoghurt got some honey and I thought we
could sit outside in the garden I've
also got some water
he's outside Novotny our breakfast would
be nice if someone who's lit a bonfire I
feel like there's rules I don't know
whether that Joe rules or if they're
just like countryside courtesy rules I'm
pretty sure you can't light a bonfire in
summer particularly until after 5 p.m.
am I wrong or am i wrong but someone's
lit like a roaring bonfire I miss
you mean it's a bonfire it's white smoke
it's not black smoke so I don't think
there's a house on fire I actually
really like the smell um it's one of my
favorite smells in fact I think it is my
favorite smell there's so many rabbits
and I got em right now
one two three Oh lovely faint smell of
bonfire in the air which I'm not
complaining about I actually quite like
it I'm not sure that the neighbors that
have their washing out on the line are
gonna be as happy but I really don't
mind it I really like this mouth also
had a very exciting package in the post
this morning I'm revealing my cordially
invited front cover on Instagram today
I'm kind of doing like bit by bit unveil
so by 4:00 p.m. today the cover will be
like fully unveiled so as you're
watching this vlog hopefully you've
already seen it but I am gonna show you
it I've got a dummy that got sent to the
house at 7:30 this morning it's not like
completely how the front cover is gonna
be but it's like pretty much there so I
will be showing you that a little later
I'm really really happy with it and I
just post it on Instagram guys I'm
unveiling my cover throughout the day
and town message like I need to see it
now I'm too impatient I want to see it
before the world just messaged it to
Tara she's like I'm gonna love it so
yeah very exciting mornin
oh you had you seen did you sleep all
right
yeah you did I mean so much I can eat
some more this morning why cuz of the
different slide you were just having so
much fun you didn't notice a brekkie
when June got free iced coffee I didn't
know if you would want yoga or not so
put some yogurt and some honey out with
you oh yes
amazing this is very chilled would you
say to mark I feel like it's so nice
we're gonna have to take the cover off
the pool soon and have a little day I
know you know how he talked about the
glorious smell of the bonfire it's been
replaced with a smell of spreading a
field in poo and every now and then the
wind just comes over and brings it the
smell with it and it smells horrible I
like the smell of a farm but this is
very sweet isn't it don't you think it's
not very sweet sweet food we're gonna
smell of it when we go back inside yeah
I call slippery and we just thought we
would come out yeah like a little
healthy dinner mcjones
actually John but if it is actually that
way I will cry so yeah we've come to get
McDonald's you know I feel like I've
been on a milkshake and I'm from there
oh yeah quick and easy come inside come
inside and make the mixes it's very very
hot and Mark is I'm just saying that
you're packing to go home do you think
I'm soaking here
yeah thanks for leaving the bed made oh
my god you know when you just like been
in the Sun and then you come inside a
little Matt don't you don't wanna you
could've stayed it you're excited to be
an eye out sure yeah and you've got a
bit the tear look a bit I think your
face is tanned is it mine just doesn't
look I've had such a nice couple of days
I've had a great days a little bit
splash for the road
how much have you got left huh I'm gonna
have to get you some more or a day when
I feel really poorly I like to come in
here yeah yeah I don't know why I think
it's like you can hear the traffic yeah
I also just I like it's very light like
our bedroom is really light in the
morning and really light in the evening
but in the middle of the day it's not
the brightest but in here it's really
light it feels very cozy oh this is
really unflattering yeah this room just
feels really cozy it's a cozy cozy yeah
you're right let's wash your face a cold
water
that was weird I'm glad that wasn't just
me that's legal that was so weird it was
like the daylight just like dimmed like
this listen yeah anyway I'm gonna go now
cuz max vlogging look at my hair
we're gonna end this vlog here I really
got a really guys oh wait no I need to
show my front cover oh well I'm off whoa
so nice to see you my love as always
thank you so much you have me love la
love lottery winner that's not the way
out as I said at the start of this vlog
if you don't I can hear a young child
like making a noise that's not crying or
maybe it is crying that's really weird
I also don't really know where that's
coming from um if you don't follow me on
instagram or you haven't seen anywhere
online yet my book cover were cordially
invited has finally been revealed so I
am very very excited to show you a dummy
of the front cover it's not the real
thing
because the real thing takes a very long
time to print and we weren't able to get
an exact how it's gonna be before it
actually goes off to print which went to
print on Monday which I am just I'm
excited I'm nervous I don't know I think
this book feels quite different for me
because writing fiction it's a story
it's your imagination it's something
that you've conjured up and although you
become very attached to the characters
in the story line and it's very much
your reality it's not as like scary
because some people just won't enjoy
that kind of story or some people won't
read that type of fiction or there's
just a lot more leeway with a fiction in
terms of how closely attached I am but
because this is like the things I do and
like my little kind of I don't know like
things that are important to me and the
things I wanted to share with you and
all the things that I do in my videos
that those of you that watch my videos
know I've done over the years and it's
kind of all in one place and it's very
like this is very me this isn't a story
this is me and this is my life and this
is what I do and I just I'm really
really really excited for you to see it
but at the same time I'm also very
nervous but I think that's also very
normal once a book goes off to print I
do get that like impending feeling of
like oh my god that's it now it's done
and I know with something like this
there's gonna be Pete I mean there's
gonna be people that don't like it
already
regardless of what's in it because
that's just how things go in my life and
of influences lives there's people that
don't like me therefore they won't like
anything that I do and that's fine and
I've kind of gotten used to that and
those things don't really bother me
because it's kind of predictable but at
the same time it is quite a specific
book so I know that this isn't for
everybody and it is a lot more different
to just kind of reading a story yeah I'm
very excited gone to print that's it now
no more proofs no more going over it for
like the eighth time just to make sure
you've said the right thing or you're
not you've not written something wrong
or the sentence make sense it's all done
you can stop rambling and I'm gonna show
you how cool is this I love it I'll show
you a little bit more so it says my name
up here these lines are all gold foil
and the little crosses are also gold
foil this was actually kind of an
outtake but we really liked it and I do
feel like this is capturing a genuine
moment and I really like that I love the
colors we've gone for like this very
peachy color and then a very bright
limey yellow sorry that's not a snoring
on my lap and we've also gone for this
very like millennial red and the tagline
is a seasonal guide to hosting any
occasion and making a memory out of
every day and then on the back I don't
know if this text is right yet so I'm
really cover over that because I don't
feel like this text is right but we've
just got some images down the back as
well which kind of
to you a nice indication of what's going
to be in it and then you've got this
down the spine so the only things we
were trying to work out as if we wanted
this shiny or matte and I went format so
I'm not gonna see it before it goes off
but I'm really confident that the matte
finish will be really nice so yeah
that's the cover and I just found these
which I thought were very interesting to
share with you because I had a meeting
like a long time ago on one of the
shoots I think I've loved it actually
and Hodder kind of showed me some of the
first front cover designs that they'd
worked on and I loved them they were
much more basic and it was before we had
started any design inside the book
though I felt that we could definitely
bring some of the design from the inside
to the outside and just make it a little
bit more interesting so I actually got
my pens and a bit of paper and did a
little bit of designing we didn't
actually go for this way or diagonally I
was so close to having this foil stripe
diagonal but it just did not look right
so we decided to go for more of a
horizontal but I've got little like the
little crosses so like design element
taken from inside the book in favorite
color combo but yeah we decided to bring
those and put them in gold but yeah
these were what I kind of was working on
so on there's another one we've got
triangles in gold foil and like lines
but yeah I just thought that was very
interesting I mean I know I'm no artist
and I'm definitely not a designer but
yeah that's kind of how we got to here
which I'm very very happy about so that
is now the end of the vlog I really hope
you guys enjoyed it and if you haven't
yet pre-order the book I will leave
links in the description box below you
can still get some signed copies on WH
Smith website so I will leave a link if
you specifically want a signed copy for
yourself or for a Christmas gift because
this comes out on October 4th so if you
want to be like that really organized
person
get someone a gift in October for
Christmas I would strongly advise that
it's a very nice feeling having
someone's present done and dusted so
yeah there are still some WH Smiths
signed ones I believe if not then I just
won't use the link but I think there are
some if you are international you can
also pre-order it on Amazon so I will
leave a link there but also if you're
not international you just prefer to
shop on Amazon then you can pre-order on
there and also if you pre-order with
Waterstones you get entered in to a
competition which is a chance for you
and a friend to come to a workshop where
we will be doing crafts and things but I
will talk more about that another time
because this vlog is already very very
long but yeah if you order on
Waterstones you are entered into that
competition which is very very cool I
hope you enjoyed the vlog keep a thumbs
up if you did and I will see you again
very soon
