good morning everybody has another
little iron today I'm gonna make habit
of this and I can't earth Mart Scalia so
this morning I tried my hand at smoothie
bowls the other probably the biggest
beauty balls I've never had one before
but I was quite happy with that it looks
incredible dissonant Nullah yeah I
basically made too much smoothie so like
let's put this in a bowl go on try it
see what it's like it's definitely too
runny
it's like cold soup mmm dirt okay we've
got some banana coconut raspberries and
chia seeds amazing all done I've sorted
my parents out and myself and Mark are
gonna head into town have a little mooch
around go for some lunch because a
Oaxaca has opened in Brighton and Oaxaca
is like one of my favorite places to eat
and normally the only place I can eat
Oaxaca is in London and I haven't been
to London ages so I'm so excited they've
opened in Brighton so we're gonna go
there hopefully it's not too busy
because I think it has been very busy
because obviously it's just opened and
lots of people wanted to go there to eat
but I'm excited to go into town because
it's a Monday so I feel like it won't be
as busy but the only thing is that it's
raining it really doesn't feel like
spring today and that makes me so sad so
I've got like like how on who needs like
autumn I literally look like autumn
we've made it to town
holographic Wow some art do you in the
art just going Oliver bonus I love this
huh look it looks like my spare room
something caught your fancy is that a
freaking cup oh it's a goblet is the
rose gold pineapple goblet Cheers oh
cool oh that's nice I like that get up
Alfie oh yeah how'd you want in I love
this shelf Ashley I really like that I
think you'll like this shot I taking you
in here before
No oh by the way guys I just spent
stupid amount of money on cars because I
love cards and you know it's good to
have a good Clarion I good to have a
good collection of cards is you never
know what occasion you might need them
for and all of a bonus do great cards so
I did stop at there's our little
Photoshop Oh
my god there's a picture of me in case
that last clip didn't remake a lot of
sense me and Mark went in that photo but
he might have seen the vlog and I'd seen
somebody Instagram picture being like
you're in the window of his photo booth
shot and mark thought it was small hello
and I saw the little ones I was like no
I think that's like really big so we had
to have a look in it is quite big I mean
my son is big enough strangers walking
past like we're looking at you and
looking at going oh you're in the window
so funny so funny we made it oh my god
I'm so excited
yeah my kind of place it's just too much
toys so you want to get any very bit so
do you want yeah we could do I don't
think I've ever tried it you know oh I
must have done that's the city things
you
my favorite is the black bean and I
watched this program the other day it
was called phobias and fears and they
got a group of people to always a lot of
people around here isn't there they've
got a group of people who had a severe
phobia of birds and they sort of like
helped them overcome their fear this is
so nice in that food because that way if
you can't see it straight away no no
let's get some whites or some photo wait
can I even go into Tesco a c-corp on my
hair it took me it wasn't for you to
film it so I can see it it's like the
perfect little PO put some white marks
gonna try and get it out of my hair I
really do feel like it's on my neck
just wipe it off yeah I start you on
your kite though might be easier it's
not on my back or my neck hello
oh no way just touched it mark I just
touched it the joys of living embrace
free friendship right there you get away
from me
you want to get peed on and you want
people to Nick your food come to
Brighton because the sea goes here and
great yeah the irony of the fact that a
seagull just swooped down hit you on the
head stole a man's food while you're
taking it in bird poop I'll seek I'll
pull out my hair is it coming out yeah I
just feel like it's on my skin I don't
know why no you sure
did he call my hand no that's so weird
it felt really heavy I saw this like
group of people watch it poo and they
all just went like that I missed it I
just felt it and I mean I was like
computer mark it was like no you haven't
you have another I have I've been peed
on yeah that was lucky it wasn't like
you know a mammoth one it was just a
little little one there's a little yeah
practice thanks MA Samantha yeah got to
say before I got pooed on we were
heading towards Tesco to buy some nuts
because we've seen two sets of people
Oh Mark's doing some vlogging we've seen
two types of people feeding squirrels
and they actually come up and take out
the hand
so we've bought some nuts so that we can
see the squirrel I'm so excited I'm a
little bit scared actually I hope it
doesn't fight Mark's just fed this
squirrel look at him oh he didn't have
this one walnut this around dead ghetto
it look at it
Oh
oh oh they're not shy like they actually
just come up to you look at him he's
like bounding over that's like the
cutest thing I've ever seen oh we've
ended up in laughs we did try and bring
the squirrels in but they wouldn't they
go
I just don't know what to do I just
don't know if I can go on marks going
home now guys so it's just gonna be me
and Niles
no thank you so much for coming to keep
me company the best time now had the
best time sure of these things obviously
obviously know what you're looking for
miscreant this one weekend by the way
finally NOLA loves me again
whenever Mark is here she's way more
interested in him and is on his lap all
the time
and now you've come back to love me it's
quite nice you didn't love him too much
don't you
we are currently watching Joe and Caspar
hit the road because it's on e4 which is
so cool I did actually get to see this
in the cinema for the premiere but and
I've also got the DVD so I watched it on
DVD as well but it's on television come
on focus on me but it's on television
which is just so cool
I've had such a nice weekend with Mark
it's been so funny but just so nice to
like hang out and like do lots of fun
things so that was really cool I'm so
excited to see Alfie tomorrow I'm
actually going to go to the airport
tomorrow morning to surprise him he
doesn't know
but I just decided to go and pick him up
because I just think that would be so
nice I've not seen him for like five
days and the airport isn't too far away
from here so I called I I messaged our
management and I said hey what are our
fees flight details for landing and is
there a car booked for him to bring him
home and she said there is a car booked
and told me where he'd be says she's
cancelled the car so I'm gonna go
instead and I really don't think he'll
be expecting it because I don't often do
things like this it was just because I
was like oh I'll be so nice and I really
missed him and he won't be expecting it
at all but it'll also be really nice
because I'll get to see Louise and
Marcus and yes they'll be really tired
because it's like ridiculous o'clock but
I just thought it would be so fun to do
like I'm really excited it does mean I
have to get up at like 5:30 a.m. because
their flight gets in at like half 6:00
in the morning I think so in order to be
there on time and to look half
presentable and do have to get up at a
ridiculous hour but I think it will be
really fun I'm really excited
look at this dog she is so tired she's
gone
oh she looks like a black cat Halloween
liquor legs oh my god why he's so cute
