morning good morning now and I had the
biggest lion I've had all year today
biggis I slept until like 10 past 10:00
guys late yeah what I do you think
they're pretty much the same yeah
so I am feeling wide awake which is a
change and we are going to go to the
beach and get some photo shot we have a
little photo shoot we had really nice
smoothies for breakfast this morning
yummy and yeah what we do for lunch
I'm starting to think about lunch now
yeah we are out of the house come in on
a little photography session Martha's
like making you just do really nice for
issue of me so I can put all the photos
on my wall sure yeah no you just need
some ladies some updated shot yeah your
blog a few blogs
in play anything I get really bad wind
chill in my ears when it's really cold
windy so I just got out the car my way
it's nice day it's not raining so can't
complain oh my god this is where that
funny thing happened you know I still
remember listen this old lady this old
map were walking along and they were
quite old I would say like 75 yeah still
young at heart I'm sure and me and Mark
were walking Nala and I had like a cute
little ho on we were like mean knowledge
really small and we were walking along
and she like stopped dead in it she she
was like oh my god she energy been
careful run to her husband Ron watch out
careful Ron like she drop her freaked
out at night like she probably just
didn't like dogs but now there's like
being least scary dog you could ever be
around and also none of us nowhere near
home me and Mark were just like ravaged
them both to death Jesus look up you oh
look who's been the speedboat coming to
pick you up mark look at the pretty beat
Charlotte don't worry I work for you
guys oh my God look how cute this one is
this is freshly painted
is it really fact I know that all my
eyes are already watering as well
good job we just hit my makeup floss
mark
I'm taking the photos
my nose is streaming the eyes are
streaming it's not even that windy I
don't know why our eyes are watering
maybe I'm not blinking enough anyway
yeah I'm coming down honestly Beach now
oh I see girls just chillin that's like
one
Macross still the see it right down your
guy yeah I'm gonna keep filming in case
you fall in though
picking he just sat on your own you
don't like this fish which one would be
Alfie that one it's got eyebrows
I literally could not find my keys in my
pocket cells at market have my keys got
my car keys okay yeah then we'd be
screwed excited sweet efficient my soul
yes I love the color of these houses
this little street actually my goal is
to go under shanties and no curry sauce
which ones mushy this one looks like
mushy peas that's another story
yummy chin chin ruff what's going on
with this hair could be right so after
we had our lunch I was like oh I mean
like I'm in the mood for something
specific what is there I really want to
eat something I just can't quite put my
finger on it cupcakes that's what I
wanted I was craving cupcakes let me
just move this piece of tissue that had
not as I bogey on it and this little
bakery near our school raised and I had
a cupcake from there the other day and
it was let me tell you divine yes they
also do the best brownies I've ever had
in my entire life was it cool which I
also got it's called Ray's it's a
family-run British bakery on Church Road
in home
all right I think that I'm guessing mr.
carrot whitening to go out and stop
screaming am I gonna silently fun dollar
your shoe massive I made mark pause so I
could film his reaction to the world's
best brownie look at that oh that's look
at me with the cookies muffins muffins
what would you like oh yeah I'll insert
that so people know what I'm on about
take going then oh my good yes mark both
the pops they do but they taste moist
rich smell in the mouth melt in the
mouth rich moist succulent succulent
I'm currently making up myself a mock
dinner I have made hi
they look massive they're not that big
were actually they're pretty big but I
just thought I would show them to you
now before I actually put them in the
oven because they could come out looking
like so so yeah that is them right now
got shortcrust pastry on the bottom and
puff pastry on the top so hopefully it
works we will soon see ya the finished
pies
thank you know what they actually look
pretty damn good if I say so myself
although I am never gonna finish all
that piping consumed maybe a little much
no too much definitely made too much pie
tonight
too much pie in the sky bit dark marked
the worst person at lining face gives it
away place is there my gonna run mark a
little yeah I moved it from in here cuz
I got new drawers out here to house my
beauty bit mm-hmm
my lucky
yay I've got the best view is in the
land Sherman
let it mark choose what he wants in the
bar okay or I've got these these Oh baby
powder
softening colloidal oats RP yeah that'd
be nice
alright hey a little bit of that do one
any phone you want any bubbles which
bubbles today yeah yes you may um from a
little bit of him in the comforter and
Sakura it's actually so white yeah
Hey
got it good white flour that's gonna
knock me out like last punch we are
chilling on the sofa how with your bar
good I'm glad I'm glad got little Nala
on my lap first time see that keep that
with me last two days been here two days
you've only been here like yeah feels
like you've been here for like four days
I know today went really slowly I feel
like I feel like we had a whole day and
I didn't feel like oh my god the times
gone yeah you're in the bath for nine
and ten and we're watching obsessive
compulsive cleaners so yeah I love this
program winding down doing some little
quickfire q and A's on snapchat if you
guys don't follow me on snapchat be sure
to go on over and follow me because I'm
mostly post like little bits and pieces
every day and when I hang out with mark
they are quite funny it's a home we both
said oh my god about like on yeah and
everybody thought I'd grown up look like
Jennifer Aniston Oh what oh yeah yes
yeah
the box that we both said that if you so
it was right way we're like twins marks
just gone I think I might head up its
court to to and I went no it's not lose
like yeah is was I want you know this is
like the latest I've stayed up in like
well for a long time all right sleep
well
maybe we'll get up before 10:00 tomorrow
but you know what it doesn't even matter
if we don't party party good so I'm
gonna head up also I hope you've enjoyed
the vlog today I've had so much fun and
I've also been really enjoying vlogging
a lot so make sure to give this video a
thumbs up if you haven't already do it
now so I know that you're enjoying the
vlogs
do you think they're enjoying the vlog
yeah anyway like guys
