good morning everybody today myself and
Alfie
are doing something that we don't really
get to do a lot and that is have a
complete day to ourselves with no
deadlines no work stuff and we've
decided that we're gonna go shopping so
we're gonna go to blue water which I've
only ever been to once before with Anna
but it was quite cool um
and I am gonna shop till I drop
or until Alfie drops whoever drops first
basically I haven't done my makeup yet
as you can see so I thought I would film
it maybe do a little time lapse so you
can see how I did my makeup today which
of you good Oh
who did you think I saw people Oh
basically guys very impressed you peed
yourself it looks looks like someone's
pooped on my floor yes it was my I
twisted a nice foundation shut and the
whole glass top of the NARS foundation
just came off in my hand
so obviously the bottom just dropped and
the foundation went everywhere oh you
want me to check your thumbnail that one
clip in Charlotte Tilbury magic cream
tart rainforest of the sea foundation
you know you're naked next gonna do a
little bit cheeky concealer my face go
to decay and make it
under my eyes and go for the collection
lasting perfection doing this quite
quickly today because I just don't
really have the time to do it how I
normally would so this is like my super
quick throw it all on use a blending
sponge and hope it looks alright
technique
you do thick little bit of hourglass
ambient lighting powder in moonlight now
your bronzer in glam roles
Oh Six Sigma blush in nymph via oral
powder Mac mineralize skinfinish in soft
and gentle put it it's beautiful
I'm using Tanya burr perfect brows
palette and the color I am using is hot
cocoa which is this really dark around
it looks slightly darker in the thing
but it's not actually it's like a really
good like actually Brown
I'm gonna use the Burberry pale copper
Motley's eye color contour smoke and
smoke pen and I'm gonna whack that all
over my eyelid
I'm gonna add some Mac eye shadows I
don't know what these colors are called
and I'm scared to take them out of this
palette in case I break them but I think
this one is good wings I'm gonna put a
little bit with wings and I'm in sable I
want to say it looks like sable I'm
going to use my trusty Maybelline lash
sensational in
I'm gonna use a little connect button
lash mascara
Dan should probably do something with my
hair I have been loving this recently
which is the Karen's lip liner pencil in
the color nude beige I've been wearing
all done I just need to do my lips and I
need to do my hair but I kind of want to
have my hair up in some way I quite like
this this is just bedhead to be honest
but I kind of want to go for this sort
of messy updo vibe anyway but I don't
think I can quite get away with this
this is this really is like straight out
of it so I've managed to kind of redo
the old floppity Bed Head burn pulled
some bits of hair out it's not as messy
but I feel like throughout the day it
will gradually just get Messier and I've
got my earrings on that Tanya bought me
for my birthday
I've got my rings on the alfie and poppy
got me for my birthday
I have this top on which is from Topshop
I actually got this in the summer but
it's one of my favorite crop tops it's
buttoned all the way down it's just
really loose and like I don't know I
really like it
and then I have my jeans on which a lot
of you have been asking me where they're
from these are from Zara so there you go
and I've got my favorite Clarins lip
liner all over my lips and ready are you
ready Alf not yet I'm so excited to go
shopping I'm happy with the new camera
let me know what you guys think of this
new camera I was just packing my bag to
go and I found this in it which is a
biscuit from when I was with Tanya and
Jim and we went to biscuit ears and we
bought this for Alfie and I forgot to
give it to him so Wow
I got you a present it is a biscuit yeah
Nyla's off on a wall
I go home I walked up to return O'Dare
for some standout fit me
how old is there only from when we went
to Tanya and gems oh that's good to get
you by yeah yes we did I promise you I
think Jim might have loved it even is
that Harry no when they voted a 25
September 2016 I can still eat Jack yes
the head might have just broken off you
should kill him oh yeah
just having a little stretchy oh it
didn't actually take too long to get her
dinner oh yeah we didn't drive my car
here I just I've just start out with a
blog that we've arrived you get yeah
yeah time to shop time to get some
coffee
this is where we're parked so e for
future reference so I can come back to
this all you did podcast basically by
our house anyway after you wants a
Starbucks so that is the first thing on
our list I don't actually have specific
things get some new shoes to make a
tactical like to the lower level than
the upper level otherwise we're just
going to run I suppose okay LSD that
makes them
so it did I love coming shopping and
it's so quiet car will help me point out
do you wanted you have an outfit first I
fight want to do Dhara
ok let's get a drink first ok and then
we'll make a plan also how much you
never feed out for today I really like
when you've got Bandler and your ankles
are you ready I do love myself some
stationery this is the tastiest thing
you will ever eat in Starbuck what you
go for iced latte I though I'm tempted
by their we're still in Urban Outfitters
say the thing we came in to open up
you've got looks good like that they're
just not on my head you've got a big
hair coming year I really I really like
this jumper those things on the feed
that's really like that but Kanye is in
a hurry corny but yeah we're still here
we found quite a lot of things got this
shopping trip is going to be very
dangerous there's going to be a fair few
holes budget large Nietzsche comes up
right here oh I can't even beyond yeah
there's gonna be
fair few holes out of this thang we had
quite a few bags in Urban Outfitters
it's not that we had so many we couldn't
carry us is that they were a bit heavy
and we wanted free arms for the rest of
the shop so we put the bags back in the
car it is such a nice day today it was
yesterday as well I felt like it was the
first day of the year that it was
actually like nice like the weather was
really like it's warm right now isn't it
hello Alfie I fell on come on holiday
I love the surroundings yes we're in
like a busy town like well we're not
always that's why I wouldn't feel like
it because we're not I don't know
there's something about this place I
said it feels like I'm on holiday it
does my ankles are out the sun's out my
heels your outing somewhere watching
spaceships let's go do more shopping
where we go now that sees all is not
great for me I feel like the armor for
men is quite the hot I really like mark
yeah it's quite small isn't it which is
really amazing
not really I mean it's not about me it's
just not me
it's lunchtime that's their water bit of
courgette pasta water
I've got homemade lemonade it's so great
fantastic
we are in JB's one of our favorite
places
hi Jamie you want to learn a new
restaurant other ways - for a polonaise
cause I think as I said and we would
have got my favorite which is the
Italian nachos
please never get rid of these I will be
so bad or just send us the recipe
calamari delish house trust and going
paper so we've got job we're buying
presents for other people - it took my
life Poppaea president mm-hmm
so I am gonna eat this
and then we will get back to show we and
now in boots walk being serious I
actually ended up in your login
we're talking the other day how I look
so much healthier 2014 when you have it
pass yes because I was talented so we
don't have any son in the UK as you know
does anyone remember this this used to
be like the thing but everyone wanted to
use like I used to do this all the time
with gradual tanner I'm actually half
tempted to get it again oh my god
they've got like a grey one so I used to
use that all the time and also did
anybody else ever get the hello
everybody my name is Alfie on Zoe's
boyfriend and my job is to sit on this
chair whilst Zoe shops and jobs and
shops don't even know where she is she's
run away
he's gone the fun life or a youtubers
boyfriend waiting
what's the shop
it could be a several hours so far so
far today I had carried Zoe's bags for
her and followed her and why she picks
make up and that is not it
I'm sure I'm currently an anthropology
and I haven't met a viewer who's been
watching my video since 2009 and she's
called Mary oh and it's so nice to meet
her what Bobby's going to meet us now um
I am moved over here in 2009 and I read
your blog because obviously thought
you'd look like communicating my husband
asked me to marry him
in 2008 no like no wait a couple of
years yeah it was like I could probably
do that
nice to meet you thank you for
continuing to watch my voice and I was
just like browsing the show but I just
had a I'm doing a little bit of shopping
in anthropology now it must be really
hard to work there and not want
everything I always broke exactly
exactly
good
you're right there our fee have you just
have you just had enough of shopping I
was enjoying a film until we came in
here no I'm just enjoying I'm just
chilling okay I will I'm done now well I
put some more at the tail it's
Alfie's turn to try on all the stuff
while I hold his coffee I'm being a good
girlfriend now that's really nice I
really like it I'm so excited we found
it under then I sure don't read anything
in here but I so want something they
have new things
right here maybe we should try him and
this is my favorite one
what'd you buy as usual in luck nice
flying
most of the shop you might have already
seen I have quite the lush collection
but the sort of my this literally looks
like our bathroom sorry also there's a
couple of new ones I think we are well
and truly shopped out and the bags have
to go in the back but I have a mini so
there's not a lot of space our pieces
run inside to go for a wee wee and we
picked up a cheeky wasabi because it is
not in the time it's seven o'clock but
we've had a really nice day shopping it
was so successful the girls in
anthropology was so lovely and they came
down and gave me a little present which
was so sweet of them just to kind of
introduce me to anthropology and that
was just really lovely so thank you
girls for doing that that's so nice I
haven't looked in the bag yet so I don't
know what it is but yes got some bikinis
for summer holiday from Victoria's
Secret what else
lots of little bits and pieces yeah all
in all a very successful shopping day
and now we just have the journey home
we are home we've had some food and now
it is time to eat some cupcakes
so yesterday myself and Alfie decorated
cupcakes with the rays of sunshine
charity and we have quite a few boxes we
had two groups of people so in each
group we decorated six cupcakes so
between us we now have 24 cupcakes and
we've had dinner and we're like oh yeah
a fancy cupcake so the only thing is is
that these have been in the boot of my
car since yesterday and I can't
guarantee they look too fresh because I
I'm pretty sure ang dropped a couple of
the boxes oh god don't look the best
they smell nice
they just don't look the best these ones
look okay these were mine this sort of
bear that I made this was the rays of
sunshine one this is with two Oh icing
vanilla and chocolate with an Oreo on
top this was my see doesn't really look
like to see anymore and this was a
random one so there you look okay these
are another box of alfea's Oh
I mean what is that doesn't look it's
fun oh yeah
and this one I know this one spell these
were mine I got everybody to sign them
for me oh dear that was my Alfie cupcake
I mean they're still gonna taste great I
know that much so I'm gonna go through
this one because it just isn't there's
not as much icing on that one as which
one do you want maybe he'll want his
rays of sunshine one that one's somehow
myself and Alfie woman I've got
something both my I'm not even joking
not in just in one in both eyes so
myself and I'll see if it makes my
eyeballs
no just slammed it in better what's time
we just realized we're in bed at five to
ten like I mean I know I get to bed
pretty early that's just a given but
this one normally up until like 1:00
a.m. no no that made the basic see all I
have to do is take Alfie shopping with
me and ask him nicely to carry our bags
and then he'll have an early night I
mean the next time you can't sleep
yeah actually fairness I favor a
positive saying here to present or
saying you stink so I'm going to get you
something that smells good he was a
prison anyway I'm in bed I'm reading
fangirl by Rainbow Rowell Rowell Rainbow
Rowell ro L don't know how to pronounce
it I am this far in I only have a tiny
bit left but as a lot of you know I am
doing the WH Smith book club so it means
I am reading books back to back 24/7 how
much have I been reading over the past
like two weeks you've read more books
this is like the least good angle of me
you've read more books in the past two
days then I read in their past 20 now in
the past two days I've been reading the
same book out of hey I'm not that quick
at reading I don't just like oh one
button gun basically because I have been
reading a lot of books to select my
favorite so the WH Smith book club it
just means that all my spare time is
used up reading so a lot of you have
been like you have with Alfie I haven't
spent as much time like out and about
but today I think it was a nice day we
had we had lots of fun but yeah so just
reading a lot really really really
really really really but I'm really
excited to be able to share with you my
eight picks when the time comes for me
to share them I've read some great
some really great books and I do really
really enjoy reading so I like that it's
given me an opportunity to read more
because normally it's kind of like my
last thought I guess it's like I have a
really super busy day and then I just
think I'm going to go to bed but when
it's something I need to do for
something I'm like well I can set aside
more time in order to read so it's
really good I'm really enjoying it but
yeah we had a nice day didn't we it was
such a relaxing day also because we went
somewhere that was outside to Brighton
and brightens the busiest place in the
world it was just empty yeah it was so
we're not used to like shopping without
hardly anybody around it was really nice
there we got to meet lots of lovely
viewers as well and so many that were
weren't it so many that were working in
the different shops who went into it was
really nice really really nice did you
have a nice day now laughs we've got
lots of nice and new foods as well did
you you get the fun with your friends
did you go on a walk
oh not now not now we're going to bed
now no well go now she looks like a sea
lion in my face coffee do you love me do
you love me do you love me who do you
love more she literally just like ran
away at the mention of your name I'm
gonna read some of my book and then I'm
gonna go to sleep because I am actually
really tired but I hope you enjoyed oh
who do you love look she came to me
Alfie if you wanted to pull one you know
I hope you enjoyed this vlog give it a
thumbs up if you did and I will see you
again soon bye say good bye good bye
good night
third
