hello and happy Thursday look who I'm
going to pee oh my god just friend Tanya
burr and we're just chilling on Brighton
Beach it says oh boy just as hard
beautiful day I believe that yeah I've
got the carousel like chirping away in
the background this is very British do
you feel like yeah no more flakes will
only be a very small selection of people
who see the plan yeah they'll know
they'll know what we're talking about
Alfie's here as well he's just been
taking some pics of me and Tarn in the
deckchairs the Instagram boyfriend for
both of us me to be my boyfriend yeah
Jim hates having pictures taken with me
and I was like Alfie cut you on your
back
Alfie can we hug for anything yeah
Alfie's a chilled guy you want me to
take some of you now
I can be your Instagram girlfriend -
it's a two-way thing I also have like
the leakiest eyes does the Sun not make
your eyes oh my goodness
they might have got off at the bottom
one look how amazing this looks
so just guys I can't believe these
massive birds
wait is that a seagull I suppose they
look like
if you had any food on you oh my god
Alf I feel like we need to get some
chips and let Tom hold me oh my god
so the seagulls seagulls in Brighton our
tech like tame they will they will take
something out of your hand I think it
was really funny but I don't I don't
think you would get entertained by that
guys but I will not learn that entertain
my god I can't actually imagine you
throwing them like lobbing the chips
away look at these two right I go take
some pics of them jumping
you have to imagine it small okay we
standing in the shape is real virtually
we've come to Jamie Oliver in Brighton
to Jamie's and we're gonna take it back
now he's just nipped in to pay and we're
waiting on one more thing and we're
gonna take it back and have dinner in
the garden with jumpers on yeah although
I bet it's not as cold hello don't worry
she just goes I have to go around inside
she's leaving me out here watching all
this equipment in the cold
I turn back home now and we've decided
to have dinner in the garden because
it's such a nice evening
oh you got your red wine and all our
little nibble a bit hmm with the
glorious sound of Nala barking at the
hedges oh no silly it might come back if
not leaves their life yeah we're
watching love island with love islanding
and my girl I was on episode 14 and now
have come and had to catch up to this
episode and I'm like how did some other
girl yeah so they were all right so
she's just come in and we just came in
yeah you too I saw her the best-looking
one it's very fulfilling there yeah
Rosie see what she's having to watch
there yeah well I got two shoes at home
to be watching to be fair you should
care yeah she isn't shoot well she's
just like screw you Adam
I literally just love this time of the
night when love islands on yeah I'm so
yeah we're very crazy lyrics when Violet
see lovely on in front of her
Adams disgusting I can't bear him guess
who I like I think you would couple up
with a fancy about couple of wet and not
where's Alex
yeah yeah I don't know I just really
liked him so just who do you think Alfie
would couple up with I don't know you
Alfie words maybe Zara the one let's
just come in who gets you Jim tough love
with right it's right away I think Jim
would couple up with Samira
hey Megan would you think she's got
might like a mother over on me he's my
baby and that yeah and I'd become oh
yeah oh yeah yeah yeah I think how he
would go Zara who did you chopped up
with are you psyche out in any annoys me
I honestly don't know I feel like if I
was in there I would fancy Adam
meanwhile during dark hair dark eyes bit
of stubble I don't fancy Adam at all I
just because I eat yeah that's my thing
I would fancy him but I don't know if I
would go I can't fancy him if I know his
clothes Nancy's now I just play it i
don't know i don't i honestly just don't
think like a couple up with any if I
were still we put around our bindings
not to find couples and couple Arthur
just maybe that just for friendship
couples or ever and just like hang out
together
that's called going on holiday at the
game it's my mom we have to be what once
they say how do you think he's cracking
on Tom did Jim mug you off that was
really muggy that was so muddy and we
could take our water bottles and also
when they talk if you tell me what you
thought about something we go baby are
same-same yeah baby
same say bottles yeah yeah I know I kind
of thought why did he want one like
right now I think you saw motor saying
although babe say yes exactly
I found love island reaction around us
feelings on love island feelings good
morning everybody
it is a lovely morning gorgeou gorgeous
me and tan without this morning getting
some Sun made tan a little ice coffee on
holiday actually is like one holiday and
now I am dropping turn off video so nice
it's so bright now I'm dropping to at
the train station sad times it's been
fleeting but I've had the most fun thank
you for coming all so nice and chill
really nice and chilled had a lot of fun
in the afternoon that we had such nice
children
yeah it was perfect I know it was
perfect
oh it's hot in here Oh actually it's not
too bad I think it's been the shades so
now I'm gonna drop turn off and then I
think we are heading into town in a bit
but thank you for coming and come again
soon thank you look out and you oh what
a lovely town I feel like that happened
this morning I did Tonga Tonga is target
and target and
and our p.m. just been doing a piece
next year and now we're at my
it's machine here like five different
flavors of bright so I got a sprite
great and I am loving it up mate I've
never actually eaten in five guys before
either
not
I've come for a burger Alfie's gone for
a hot dog wouldn't eat bacon ladies
that's no minutes over five points but
really nothing
coming up you check
and then my little great sprite they
also had drug-free bright strawberry
spots spike right
yeah
stray em
yeah
over the bounce
no I said straight n good morning
everybody it is Tuesday and it is a
glorious day look at that it kind of
reminds me of the week after we moved
into this house last year it was just
like the most perfect weather and I
remember it being so hot so I got myself
a really good times like the first time
in a really long time in the UK so Alfie
has gone to town to run a few errands he
is off to an event on Saturday so he
needs a suit so he's gone to get that
we've got people in our house this
morning because we are basically when
people do your house or like build on it
or do anything to it you get like a
snagging period so that's just any
little bits that need kind of fixing or
things over time that we've noticed
haven't worked very well or something's
broken and it shouldn't have basically
they come and they come and fix all
those little snugly bits and are
snagging time is now up so they're
coming to fix any little bits and fit
any cracks and do all that fun stuff
that comes with house renovation hello
Nana you may notice a big old pile of
inflatables behind me that is because
towards the end of this week or maybe
tomorrow Thursday I think we are having
lots of people over and we're going to
be having a bit of a like pool party
waterslide day if you did see any of our
vlogs from that like really fun sunny
week last year then you may have seen us
buy water guns water balloons and a
water slide for kids which mark broke
this year we have bought a massive piece
of like I guess it's tar Pauling it's
like black it probably has a proper name
but I don't know what it is and we are
going to run that all the way down the
garden on our slope and just hope that
no one injures themselves but it's gonna
be a really really fun day I think we're
going
probably try and do a barbecue and get
loads of drinks in and get the SPFL wha
here this could be more things for the
pool this could be the top she's just
following me around I have been doing
some working stuff this morning trying
to tick off a couple of boxes I've got a
call later on it's like a work he call
but apart from that I wanted to stay at
home today mainly because we have people
in our house and also just because it's
such nice weather I kind of wanted to
work in the garden I think currently
it's a bit too hot though I woke up this
morning and my mint plant that's been so
happy is crispy like in one evening I
watered this yesterday and one evening
it's just died it's that hot in fact i
watered this this morning too and it's
already dried out like nothing is
staying moist I've had lots of questions
asking me where I'm at with cordially
invited because we've just had the
launch of splash botanics which has been
very very exciting oh my gosh that
scared they absolutely love me
splash has been launched and everyone's
now are asking me about cordially
invited but for any of you who oh for
any of you that don't know McCauley
invited is being released in October but
it's actually going to print at the end
of this month because it is a full-color
nonfiction it takes a lot longer to
print everything has to be done and gone
basically by the end of this week I
think oh there's a rabbit so I finished
all my text
I did my acknowledgments on Friday I
don't know if other people who've
written books feel this way but I don't
like writing acknowledgments I just I
think I enjoyed it the first time I
wrote them and now I just find myself
trying to think of things to say that
I've not already said three times before
I love saying thank you to people but I
feel like when it's being written for
other people to read I think too much
about what I'm writing therefore I find
it so hard to
anything like it's really easy to say
thank you to everybody who's been
involved in the process but when I'm
thanking the same people I thank all the
time I'm kind of running out of like a
new way to say thank you so I did leave
my acknowledgments until the very very
last minute but it's all gone I have no
more texts to write everything has been
sent to Hodder there now I think doing
the fourth and final set of proofs so
I'll probably have to go through those
for any of you that aren't sure what
proofs are let me show you I've got some
done here so a proof is how your book
will look once it is printed so it's
kind of before it goes off to print this
is what you look at to make sure
everything is how you want it to be so
it starts off here obviously with the
title page
TBC once cover is confirmed which we are
so nearly at I can't wait to show you
the cover it's been a really fun kind of
design process and also I just want it
to like stand out and to look great I
think there's a lot of pressure on a
cover because it kind of encapsulate
everything that the book is about and
you want people to see that cover and be
like oh yeah I want to pick that up not
that looks promotion so yeah a lot of
pressure on the cover but I think we're
nearly there and I should be able to
either show you in this vlog or the vlog
after this there's a lot of design who
I've been working with a lovely lady
called Helen who is the designer of the
book but also I've been injecting a lot
of my kind of design ideas as well and
she's been amazing and implementing
those and she totally gets my vision
which I'm really really happy about can
I show you this yeah I'm going to show
you this because I think this is really
interesting so we had these which were
obviously not this quote was going to
have like spring titles on and I just
did not feel they worked with the rest
of the book is is the third time I'd
seen them in here no this was the second
time actually and I just decided I did
not like this page I didn't feel like it
worked
so we scrapped that and I've just been
going through my
texts and just like changing it up like
talking about page number designs I just
but I don't like these pages I feel they
don't go with the vibe of the book let's
replace in the photo oh it's little
things like that like there's a lot of
scribbles mark hates this I don't want
to show you too much of everything but
there's just a lot of scribbles a lot of
not sure about this design let's reverse
these let's change the color and let's
have a let's put a quote in a box as
opposed to in here but yeah I don't want
to like show you the book but this is
like a nice little like sneak peek and
also it won't look like this because
this was the second proof so quite a lot
has changed since this but that is the
process that I've been doing and that
does take a really long time because you
have to you have to go into real minut
detail and I am such a perfectionist
that I mold things over for so long just
to make sure that there definitely
definitely how I want it to be this is
also what I've been doing and that's
kind of drawing in where I feel like
putting some design elements would look
really cool so like little corner pieces
adding tips saying where I think they
should go potentially there's a lot that
goes into everything you see design
should we have design here should we
have design here I basically just like
scribbled everywhere but I cannot wait
is all I'm going to show you because I
feel like brownie could be watching this
like stop showing what the book looks
like it doesn't come out for another how
many how many months July August
September October another four months so
it's not too much longer to wait but if
you would like to preorder I'll leave a
little link in the description box you
can head on over and pre-order that now
and then it will just arrive you don't
even have to think about it anyone
else's partner put their dirty bowls
plates cups in the sink instead of just
in here I spent all morning putting all
these things in here
our fees just come down and just
throwing it in the sink I love him it's
the little things isn't it I can't be
the only one who gets annoyed about
there are worse things he could do let's
be honest it's still just really
annoying though also lots of you wanted
to see Percy hello me Percy is a very
antisocial guinea pig aren't you my love
you've got paint all over you he loves
like burying himself in here it's very
warm to be burying yourself in hey
although it's nice and cool in this home
out of the two of them Pippen was
definitely the more social guinea pig he
used to come up and I stroked him
Percy's not he's not as bad as he used
to be but he just does not like people
do you make well I love you and I'm
gonna carry on stroking you until you
like it so yes what's that what is it
I still think guinea pig mouths are the
cutest thing in the world
can I see your mouth here's the lady of
the house hello lady be very warm we
have to keep you inside don't weigh
things my boyfriend does around the
house that annoy me part two he's added
some lovely things to our bookshelf this
is so cute gorgeous it's a really nice
element to the shell got a little wire
sell fragrance that's placed here for
convenience and a empty glass which
looks so nice there I think it really
adds to the overall aesthetic of the
book shell
I'm saying things my boyfriend does that
annoy me
guess what first one was you put a bowl
and a spoon in the sink I know there's
some of you fill my vein and then I'm
just saying I really like the things
you've added to our lovely bookshelf
here press sync it's the little things
it's the little things that make you you
you know they're not that helpful there
you go fucking you wrote back things
that my partner does that annoy me part
three we have in this domestic right now
we have all the SD card readers look in
the bottom of your bag look in another
battery so boys we're gonna look in your
other bag but you've got like 40 in the
bottom okay how many batteries I've got
one battery Oh wanna be found so far one
reader one big camera battery one small
camera battery okay and Rubik's Cube
water
o2 more batteries okay so you've been
robbing up the reason why I've been
uploading vlogs is because I'm going
batteries oh he stole them all me okay
be young no we can't read your and then
did you know I had none it wasn't a
battery that you wanted these are the
types of arguments we have because we
both do the same job if we had a
different job we wouldn't have an issue
go stand by the pool of fill it up with
my tears this is what is so long for Zoe
to upload a video because she shoots 18
hours of footage per vlog I like to keep
people a real representation of my day
you know I spoke about that money video
what what I said don't always believe
everything you see or read online
because even if it's a 20 minute daily
vlog there's only 20 minutes of
someone's day but anything could still
be happening yeah also Fearne Cotton
just posted something on her Instagram
and I was like oh my god that's the best
thing I've read in a really long time
let me just let me get it up for you so
fern just posted gorgeous I'm trying to
say a really nice thing she posted
you're too thin you're too fat you're
too pale you're too old you're too
strangers you're too loud you're too
nice it's the story you're too quirky to
what for what I'm me I'm not up for
comparison I'm not trying to fit a norm
I am me and that's so true because you
don't feel you know where people are
like oh you do too much of this or you
spent too much time with this person or
it's like compared to what oh you know I
mean it's like but compared to what is
that compared to what you live your life
like or compared to what people when
people say like ah Alfie you should
travel more in your vlogs I'm like what
you wish you could travel more yeah all
that means that you travel more that
just means that that's what they would
do if they were in my position that's
called that I think it's worth thinking
about that whether you are someone who
puts things out online and gets judged
quite a lot or you get compared to other
people quite a lot I also think it's
worth considering if you are the sort of
person that does that to other people
because if I say to you like Oh Alfie
why don't you do this or you should be
doing this
that's like based on me and what I think
and actually my therapist always uses
the analogy of everybody has a life
manual what I'm saying is I think if you
are on the receiving
and of someone saying something to you
then then that's a really nice quote to
think about but also if you're the sort
of person that is quite judgmental or
you leave comments on people's videos or
instagrams or you are judging someone by
what they choose to share with you which
can I add is never a hundred percent who
that person is or what their life is
like I always think no matter what
anyone says to me it doesn't really
affect me the same way now that I think
you are judging me on your own opinion
of me not on who I actually am because
nobody apart from Alfie and like my
family and my really close friends no
one really knows even the person
watching this you might watch my videos
every time I upload who's watched every
single video I've uploaded over the last
nine years and read every blog post
every tweet in every Instagram even you
only have that to go by and that is not
my entire life so I think for me it was
very refreshing when I finally realized
people that make judgment based on what
you give them are only making a
judgement on whatever you've chosen to
share so it's not really a judgment on
you at all and I think the comparison
thing is so current right now there's so
much comparison within the social media
world and I really really like that fern
wrote that because it's so true compared
to war like people have so many
judgments about other people but it's
only based on their own lives and the
things that they're used to so you can't
really you can't dictate how someone
else lives their life or what other
people choose to share or choose to do
or choose to say because very windy
because it's kind of it's kind of
irrelevant because everyone will live
their life exactly how they want to live
it and I don't think that other people's
opinions should change that at all
because at the end of the day you're not
then living your life for you you're
living it for somebody else who you'll
never ever meet and who doesn't mean
anything to you so yeah want to think
about if you're a fellow creator and you
find the online space quite difficult
and
I wanted to think about if you are
someone who might be being quite
negative without realizing I really
liked it it was very okay say thanks fan
oh geez
these these came he's cooked delivered
while he's cooled like foam noodle a
foam noodle we're building some Sun
Loungers we know how to have fun oh the
wind is picked up
I've just finished editing up the video
and having a little flick through or
you're really lovely pictures on
Instagram in the tagged section I think
the splash Britannic collection is the
most photogenic range so far you've all
done the most gorgeous flat lays so
thank you so much really nice it's just
no makeup day today but I still feel
like I've been very productive got a lot
done and now I'm going to run myself a
bar so I think what I'm gonna do is I'm
honestly gonna have some bubbles with
drench me and because my skin is feeling
very dry I think because it's quite warm
I'm also gonna uh I'm also gonna use the
lagoon love milk bath milk powder
because I find it really really
hydrating and very milky and very
moisturizing so let's run the ball
so far I've been around four bucks a day
and I am NOT faring when it comes to
bath bubbling product soma so I call
quite a lot in and it's lastingly very
very well to marry mess me about
now that I have optimum bubbles I'm
going to sprinkle this in as well
and I'm now gonna get in the bar and
watch some YouTube and have a little
chill app
