good morning everybody welcome to Petra
I cannot believe it is day 20 already
the Sun is out it's a beautiful day I'm
all ready to go to my nan and granddad's
house so my mum will be there my auntie
my uncle and my cousins and their two
puppies who I'm so excited to meet Nala
I don't know how it's gonna go down
one's a whip it and one's a Jack Russell
so we'll see we'll see um Alfie's out oh
just run another around a little bit
before we get go basically waiting for
Joe I chose today to be the day that I
put liquid winged liner on and I don't
really do it too much anymore just so
high-maintenance and guess what because
the sun's out and I'm outside and it's
cold
my eyes are already leaking where is she
have to be like sorting out already did
you have a good night's sleep yes yes
yes yes oh yeah Joey yeah a good night's
sleep
yeah I sent loads of weight we set three
hours on the sofa then we went to bed
until for that another five hours then I
just slept like another two hours yeah
did you get it where's it gone Oh jump
up and okay jump up and knock it no no
I'm so sorry looking for it she was like
running and then was like with a bloomin
L is it gone
she's so happy
run away now guys Joey's been wrapping
presents in the car show them john-boy
how are you gonna crack that hardened in
this way you just wrapped also jo we've
got about six minutes until we get you
know do you
oh now I am I love this oh yeah Stardust
annoying the best look
don't fade away
don't know
hello's got a new friend throughout my
Nana and granddad now we've got a little
line of books and things to sign look at
this all along so we better get started
guys or what you checking out their
outfit
Joe and Caspar hit the road granddad's
before my mom sometimes helps me go
through my fan mail from you guys
because as I said in my previous vlog I
wouldn't be able to ever see any
otherwise so she's been helping me go
through it sometimes she texts me like
oh just been crying reading your letters
all the time and then she passes them on
to me and etc etc but look at this how
amazing is this photo someone's drawn
this and it was by somebody called Kat
Jionni illustrator an artist so thank
you so much Kat
isn't that so cool it's like lines
really cool thank you so much oh look at
his little face thank you
this isn't gonna help me on the case of
alfie wants another dog and I don't want
one yeah no they're not everything's
about you with us right now
good boy
Travis one is to be around the food
don't you Travis you've got yourself a
little friend then man
he wants all the food yeah he is so soft
yeah so Travis and horror you can buy my
auntie uncles and cousins doggies and
funnily enough knowledge actually older
than them got stuck in prison
what are simple things me but not enough
parachute jumper is to open pershing oh
you think I didn't like party bags okay
this is my stockings
look at this mum always does the best
stockings I'm gonna put this on my tree
when I get back that is the coolest bag
of chocolate money I've ever seen that's
huge
I was literally saying the other day
that they're not chocolate pennies
anymore they're like chocolate pound
coins
yes is it electric shuttle this shop
here look what mom bought me tomato leaf
candle it smells really good it was a
bell for a small person
who is that with it Horace or trumpet
wait got J hey babe um oh not I drink
beer or anything like that no clearly
not you do pong Finn it was lemonade not
anything else that's what I would do to
my Nan's just given me this photo from
when was first 2006 2007 no just as 25th
12:10 p.m. this is when I had
tonsillitis but also look at those
eyebrows that is why you always let
someone else do your eyebrows people mum
and granddad are now open in their
prezis what's it gonna be I really like
that paper man it's like Paper Chase
gold would
it's afro excited yeah present throw
Kramer granddad what is it is it look on
the side what does it say on the side
yeah how do we turn it on do you like it
a bit bigger for you to see the screen
and let me try yeah this must come down
too yeah
where's on the oh right black bean
turkey in something oh I don't know it
might make you ill nice
like a bird
what you doing doggies
well I can see his trousers bum give me
Travis go Joey's brought is it James
boys master system wrong I want to see
it at the same level that we got younger
do you remember playing this with us
James
it could be graphic next one yeah no
that works pretty easy on Nana
Granderson that do you remember it mom
look at this chocolate cake that because
it made you have to pull them far away
Christmas tradition dramas looking at me
like dogs a dog be seen is oh no oh I
thought I was playing on the music guy
what's he doing I like what she just
goes underneath it nobody does nobody
has the energy to keep up with Nala and
finally apart from mums scary laugh
Lemhi way I was gonna say I'm finally
null as lying down oh maybe not for long
oh no she's giving up she's giving up
hey tired you're gonna go to sleep now
we've given up on life
and they like having a child she loves
stuff yeah give her a bone with little
bones yeah oh yeah yeah good girl yeah
what's she doing no hello Finn sets my
family have gone now we also had some
family friends turn up as well which was
so lovely I literally haven't seen them
in so long
and we've all just been like chatting
and catching up and it's now like 10
p.m. and I've come up to bed
basically you need to edit my video over
tomorrow which is the Home Tour I don't
know how long I'm gonna stay awake for
before I fall asleep before I don't know
how long I'm gonna stay wakeful before I
fall asleep that's common sense I don't
know how long I'm gonna be able to stay
awake for whilst I'm editing it though
because I'm just so tired I knew this
would happen I've just had that the most
hectic day and I haven't had like a
minute to sit and edit the video so I'll
start it tonight
and I'll probably finish it tomorrow
morning before we start to head back
home I still have a lot of things I need
to do I need to wrap presents I really
want to go ice skating but we haven't
had time maybe we'll get time when we
get back we've still got like a couple
of days before Christmas but it's just
gone so quickly every day now when I'm
uploading my 24 days of so other videos
all the comments are like no four days
left I'm just like I can't believe
there's only three videos left as you're
watching this those three videos left
and that's it it's been a whole month
but yeah I'm just really really happy
that you guys have been enjoying it
that's obviously the most important
thing and yeah I'm probably going to end
my video now actually there's not really
a lot going to be happening now apart
from me editing and then probably
falling asleep so I'm gonna end the vlog
here while I'm still awake but thank you
so much for watching today it's just
being one of those kind of nice family
days and I hope you enjoyed it and I
hope you're getting to spend this
Christmas time with lots of your family
and friends too because that's what's
super important anyway okay to bed now
thank you so much for watching I love
you very much
