hello everybody and welcome to vlogmas
day
I'm with monster oh it's what I'm a face
listen what is this Muppets again dammit
ladies listening to my Christmas Spotify
playlist and because I've got the
Muppets songs in it like I love it I do
have to skip them up it's always on TV a
lot the moment what are you doing I'm
going season of giving season everything
let's let everyone else we've got
meetings this morning which is very
exciting
so we're heading into town and yeah oh
yes and I haven't had any breakfast so I
do need to get something to eat I also
need to buy deodorant very quickly
because I don't have any and I'm very
very like paranoid that I smell like a
foot overcompensate with perfume yeah I
was it I was like what happens if you
put perfume in your armpit I don't think
you should do I didn't do it just
because I wasn't sure but yeah I'm quite
paranoid that I smell a bit pungent
normally I'll just turn this down a
smidge I mean I look oh that's not it
there we go I do love Kermit the Frog
but it's because I cleared out all my
beauty stuff
and I had one of everything so I was
like I only need one deodorant and then
I'll buy another one when I run out I
was like well three months ago I went
for eight deodorants waiting for me to
use now I have none and all my little
Christmas stick has a pic slowly peeling
off the camera which is really
depressing because by Christmas they'll
all be gone and then and then there'll
be no more Christmas
yeah new year new star New Year's
resolutions do you ever actually make a
new year's resolution do you do do you
stick to them I carry around okay well I
think my ears resolution is this is what
I was thinking the other day is to care
less about what other people think
that's good for you yeah because I do
care too much stop caring too much stop
caring too much about what other people
think I might do a little video on that
maybe yeah that's a really good app yeah
because and also drink my water I feel
like every year I tell myself that every
year but this year I really am gonna
drink more water because I'm so bad at
it like I haven't had anything to drink
in this morning you know that likes
reminds you oh we need that yeah okay
I'm going to download that when we get
there
hold the meeting I need to download an
app guys look it's the bandstand if any
of you have read the end of girl online
on tour you will know about this band
stand let me know in the comments but
don't give it away to anyone back home
now and we've picked up an ang along the
way we've got another meeting here now
so I'm trying to tie you the house a bit
and I've also made I haven't made I
don't know why said that I've also put
some mince pies on a trade to put in the
oven for five minutes just to have you
know make it nice and festive meetings
done and I am now here with Scarlett yes
she is and she has brought me a basket
of American trees because she is living
in New York at the moment but she's come
back here obviously for the festive
season and some of these things look so
cool so I wanted to show you so what was
this one uh Santa bubblegum - oh my god
it's sunny did
I think it's like a little skittles
machine oh this is so exciting
peppermint Hershey's Kisses time oh nice
green on the inside and I think they be
really nice and cake oh yeah and these
look peeps candy cane peeps some pears
got a Lopez and Eminem's Christmas
holiday mint look nala mmm this is just
too exciting wait is this a candle ah oh
my goodness I did not see this hiding in
there Bath & Body Works oh that smells
so good oh my goodness that excites me
so much thank you
red Velvets here and pink Prancer mmm
this is the very exciting basket I will
have nine days yeah I've got nine days
to eat everything in this basket and use
the candle and use all the hand
sanitizers oh and also we did get this
as well for little Marla maybe we should
put this on I love that it goes around
her here okay and we've also got Alf on
and it's just very festive in here isn't
it mince-pies Christmas mug and we've
also got Mexican come away no oh you
trying to take that off Missy there you
go no don't eat it I'm gonna put it back
in the basket mm-hmm
Alfie's here now and we've all got our
lunch we've gone for nachos Oh which is
Mexican in Brighton which I have
actually heard is really lovely from
lots of people so I'm quite excited to
try it
I've gone for quesadilla and everyone
else went for a burrito bowl
so nice very nice very nice except they
didn't write on the box which was which
strength so everyone's just kind of
guessing if they've got medium or mild
meetings are over I feel like I've been
like non-stop doing things since 9:00 so
one of the meetings I had was with SLG
which is the company I make my products
with and we went over some very exciting
things lots of new product ranges coming
next year I'm very excited to be able to
share those with you it also reminded me
that for any of you that want to get
anything from the tutti-frutti range it
will be eventually replaced by a new
collection that's generally how it works
so I'm just letting you know now if
there's something you want from the
tutti-frutti collection make sure you
get it kind of now start of the year is
time because it will be replaced by a
new collection which is lovely and I'm
very excited about it and I'm really
excited to share it with you guys
because I feel like it might be one of
my favorites yet and that's saying
something that is really saying
something I also have two new things
coming out at the start of January
although we all know what some stores
get like they receive their packages and
they put them straight on the shelves so
I'm saying it's the start of January but
you really can never be too sure and
it's two new items and I can show you
them next week which I am gonna do but
I'd love for you to guess right now stop
what you're doing
guess in the comments what you think
they might be I'll leave it like that
for now I'm subject subject very very
excited we started talking about
Christmas next year collection and
that's all looking very cool all these
things happen so far in advance I guess
we never really get to kind of chat
through those things with you and
initially with kind of new collections
and new ranges like when I first
launched though other Beauty it's all
kind of a secret so that it's more
exciting to announce it but now I'm kind
of working on lots of different things
so I can just kind of let you know that
I'm working on new collections for the
four
2016 and I think you're all gonna love
it just letting you know I'm wearing the
worst bra today I don't know where this
is from but it's awful it kind of sticks
off my boobs because it's a real awkward
shape so I could have flashed a nip at
someone today sorry if I did yeah when I
film past like five my makeup just looks
terrible like it hasn't lasted very well
and I'm not one of these people that
tops up my makeup through the day are
you one of those people I guess unless
you're kind of at work like in an office
or you have to work on a counter beauty
counter you probably would top up your
makeup but I don't know I've just never
been one of those people like every spot
has just surfaced throughout the day
anyway first thing I did when I finished
all me meetings and it was so lovely to
see there's the bra the awful bra that
was close you could have seen a nip it
was really nice to see scarlet as well
really nice to catch up with her and I
love that she's brought me these little
snacks I'm already eating these ones
these ones are M&M holiday mint they're
so good and then I just went over quite
a few kind of worki bits and pieces with
Ange and Mady gave them their Christmas
presents and their Christmas cards and
then once they'd left it was half past
four and I was like no embedded my blog
yet so the first thing I did was edit my
blog and it's just saved and its 5:28
which isn't bad actually it was a very
quick edit but I'm really annoyed with
the end because I'm just making him a
thumbnail because at the end me now if
you were like getting into like a proper
talk about anxiety and then my camera
died now if we didn't have his camera on
him and I was like oh it's just died I
was like I'll charge my camera and I
will pick this chatter before we go to
bed I slept from 7:00 until 7:00 like
that's just not normal I was obviously
very tired then I woke up tired because
I overslept
yeah I already know what we're doing
this evening I really do finish filming
one of my videos I'm doing a home tour
video and I'm getting kind of stressed
about it because I want it to be like
this really pretty kind of arty video to
music but those videos take me so long
to edit that I'm like oh I just don't
know if I'm gonna have the time to do
that so I'm gonna try my best I still
need to film my spare room with all the
kind of fairy lights and the wall and
stuff the fit in the room that I filmed
most of my videos in and then I have one
other video to film and then I just have
the video with Georgie film and then I'm
done but that does include me editing
them also but yes all very exciting all
very cool
I am also watching a film called the
magic reindeer which has been on a few
times on its the sky Disney Channel
let's go Disney's go Christmas but I'm
not actually properly watched it looks
like you though Anala gets really into
it
babe he's sleeping on Nala look at my
two little puppies
Alfie's had a haircut it looks really
nice you tired do you want to come and
get cozy on the sofa in the other room
I'll put you under a blanket come on
then good knowledge is like splayed out
are you both so tired oh you know
beauties look guys Nana's got a new pen
it's actually a rabbit one but it's just
a little bit smaller the other one is
very tall which makes it a little bit
more difficult to take with us and
because we're going to my dad's in two
days we needed something that we could
put her in to sleep and also just give
her a bit more space so we thought this
would be good and it also goes down
pretty flat and it doesn't take up so
much room in the car so that is
knowledge new dwelling and it's
sturdy it's like proper metal but it
yeah it's a rabbit one which I guess
wouldn't be so good for a Labrador
but for a little black pug it works
perfectly and she already loves it and
goes in and out of it so very happy with
that
that was an Amazon purchase in case any
of you are wondering she's a little bit
neater over here and this which is from
my wii TP she doesn't ever go in because
I think it's just a tiny bit too small
the company were really lovely and they
sent her one but she never goes in there
because she's scared of it so we might
have to give this to Martha what do you
think knowledge do you think Martha
would like it
I think Martha would like it is more
Martha's size so Tanya if you're
watching
would you like this TP because miss Nala
bear is just a smidgen too big and she's
a bit scared of it so but it's just too
cute to just get rid of completely and I
do think Tom would probably quite like
it or Jim would probably quite like it
actually but yeah we might have to give
that to Martha it can be a little
present from you Tomas so wouldn't that
be nice this is your little your little
toy from your woof box
she's been loving this toy you're gonna
get him if he goes in they're gonna get
him no it's just bit scared of that TP
aren't you she just won't go inside it
look Mr mouse likes it no Ready Steady
Go get it
good girl good girl okay I'm heading
upstairs because I really want to run
myself a bath I've got I'm in like that
kind of like I've got the chillies when
you feel like you need to defrost oh
look do I pretty sure I have shown you
these inhale exhale
and I know that a lot of you like this
one which says the beautiful Isaac for
the good in others beautiful lips speak
only words of kindness and for poise
walk with the knowledge that you are
never alone I like that okay what should
we use so many oh this is for Molly
MacDougall thank you money we can use
one of those what's in this one dashing
Santa and peeping tom - bubble bar I do
have a peeping Santa here who might use
him
experimenter I could go for a Golden
Wonder they say from him
well bombs going in good luck so well
microwaving to a bloody boss ball I gone
crazy out the bar look at this Christmas
get up ridiculous feeling very festive
feeling very fresh fresh and festive
here he is ladies and gents
pointlessblog
and look Weez watching spongebob I just
don't know when Joe and Caspar Arena
start oh I don't have 60 minutes into it
that's what I've been saying anyway 60
minutes in
well then course you've missed it there
let's not seem to be watching have 60
minutes Joe and Caspar yeah well they're
right at the beginning when the pirate
starts the story and then that's as far
as I got at Manor do you mind doing
excuse me my face ah just the noise of
Spongebob is so intense isn't it you
don't put that on for a relaxing evening
dear I love that Alfie's literally in
his element with kids TV on I'm not kids
TV excite even wise consent even up into
the age of 21 I still do now when I
breakfast I put on my spongebob or oh my
gosh what a sarong it's not one of my
favorite it's a boy and he's got a pet
like a secret lid or he's got a secret
little little robot I have no idea
robot boy come up but it's a cool moment
where I remember
I have no idea what that yes you do know
I do I grew up with button made I
honestly have never seen that butter in
my life just one I've never seen that
before I smacked by snipers look yeah we
need to watch oh god I lost my wallet so
I don't have a card to pay for it I'm
gonna have to do it then on my door I
tried oh I'm so excited to see snervous
yeah
the premiere look like a Lawson
I really miss Tyler I want him to come
here and stay here for like two weeks
no robot boy when I do pick up my
slippers well they're quite small don't
they yeah it's great
can you even feel my foot in there not
from the top honestly don't talk a
message Troy a couple of days ago being
like Troy you're killing life
congratulations I know he actually is
everyone's doing so well I'm so proud of
all our friends I really am I'm like a
huge huge supporter of youtubers doing
other things that they're passionate
about and having fun with it and being
successful like I just think it's so
cool really cool very happy with
everybody so just in case any of you are
wondering which water app I downloaded I
kind of I got a couple because I wanted
to see which ones were really good and
which ones were kind of okay so I
downloaded a couple of free ones but the
one that I I'm going with was 79 pence
which I don't think is much to pay for a
nice little reminder to stay hydrated
and it's called my water so so far are
you drunk 46% and it's ten so that's
really bad I've basically gone through
and added all the drinks that I've had
today so you can go out drink you can
then press water and then you can select
I mean it's hard to know how much is in
kind of a glass but I reckon it's kind
of worth if you have the same glasses in
your house it's kind of worth measuring
it out and seeing how much it is
just to kind of keep updated but I've
basically filled mine to what I think
and I'm only at 46% and obviously the
water level is your water level though I
think you can also see your stats oh
look at that
okay so it will tell you on each day how
you did I mean I don't know how long I'm
going to be filling this in for because
it's just another one of those things
I'm going to forget to fill in it also
reminds you every two hours from 7 a.m.
to 11 which is kind of the times I'm
mostly a weight so yeah I think this
looks good I'll let you know but
hopefully it will remind me to drink
more water I think sitting here watching
films with my little pup and the
Christmas tree in the background is like
one of my favorite things I love it
Nullah
I know gorgeous girl oh I just love it I
feel so cozy right now Effie is making
me some pasta you think it's tortellini
don't demean you look at this one just
like is it that time now can we go to
bed now
yes we can yes we can believe it's
currently quarter to two I've been
asleep on the sofa for a long time
oh he's been working downstairs and I've
just had a little sofa nap um but I just
wanted to end the vlog I didn't want to
leave it again so um thank you so much
for watching today's video
I hope you enjoyed it just like here's
mine okay yeah
gonna say goodnight my child is falling
down that
say goodnight say goodnight Oh goodnight
guys
hi
