every morning when I make this bed no
does not move she's not moved since I
pulled this cover up since I put the
cushions on I'm pretty sure half of them
on top of her this one goes on top
she just doesn't move do you is it cozy
just putting on my new zoella beauty
quench me body sorbet this is one of the
new formulations so we've never done
this before again something we've been
working on for a really long time and
it's so it basically is what it's called
it's so thirst quenching but it also
feels really nice and refreshing
especially on a very warm day it soaks
in really quickly but it leaves your
skin feeling Rees off - moisturized and
it's not like a heavy heavy moisturizer
which i think is perfect at this time of
year don't know why I sounded like Brian
blessed then also sporting some monstera
leaf earrings and a leaf print jump see
this is from Primark and these I think
are misguided but they're really good
because they're so light I actually did
use to own a pair of these think I've
got them somewhere and they're from Zara
and they are so heavy that they pull my
earlobes down but these ones are really
comfortable to wear they don't feel
heavy at all oh my god I just love it
also gives your skin like a really nice
Sheen mmm love it I have no other skin
like on display so I'm just gonna do I'm
just gonna do that and it's already like
sinking and it's perfect for very quick
morning moisturizer application because
I really hate putting on very thick
moisturizers in the morning I don't mind
them so much at night when you can go to
bed and let them really sink in but if
you're like getting ready to go in the
morning and you don't have a lot of time
this is perfect
perfect null is like fast asleep now
right I need to do my hair and I need to
do my makeup gonna use a little bit of
fenty beauty foundation today just
feeling like it with my fantasy brush
this lighting is not the best so I might
just join you and I'm finished and then
I'll probably tell you why I used
another you have no lazy morning I can't
see you what you mean oh my god this is
not your best angle Nala makeup is done
oh sorry I said a minute ago when I was
doing my makeup in it the lighting was
terrible I will now chat you through
what is in my makeup box I have on my
face right now so oh this little makeup
bag
I'm not letting mark smell what this
smells like until we get to the office
you've been so well restrained nice in
the shower is there everywhere and also
I'm not letting him look at poppies or
Shaun's insta story I know they've shown
to skip my path giving up valuable we're
doing time
it's the fem t beauty foundation which
is in the shade 170 pro filter and light
and then put on my concealer so I use
the Tarte shape tape contour can see
looks this is amazing and that's in
shade light and then under my eyes I
used my trusty collection lasting
perfection concealer then I powered it
so all over my entire face I use this
this is the banker Hydra mist set and
refresh powder this is incredible it
feels cold on your face I'm wet but it's
not mmm it's so nice I love that and
then I also put this under my eyes this
is the revolution base and finish powder
I find it really lightens underneath the
eyes and it makes your concealer last
all day then I used to this this is new
from Too Faced this is the highlight
blush and bronzing veil face palette
natural face this is so nice and I used
a combination of sunny honey and then
Tropic like it's oh oh sharpie gigas on
then very similar-looking palette this
is also by Too Faced and this is the
natural eyes palette look happy those
colors are oh I like erotica
so oh my god what I just love the names
so I used silk teddy in the corners of
my eyes then I used this this is the Eva
Gutowski color pop it's all wild palette
well I cannot open it and I use this
color just blended all over my eyelid I
quite like just a matte Brown I'm
digging it and then used this this is
the deal show on the stage liner
waterproof liquid liner in vinyl black
this again is all of my new
I absolutely love it it is the most
amazing eyeliner ever it does not budge
oh I forgot I put some Tanya burr
Cosmetics peonies please illuminating
powder on my cheeks to highlight
eyebrows
I used use the Makeup Forever aqua brow
which is a waterproof eye brow corrector
I just might dollop on the back of my
hand use a little angry brush and fill
in my brows again lasts all day does not
smudge then I went over it with the
glossy a boy brow which I also really
liked have you tried this no you would
love what does it do just it just like
Newtons and like adds a little bit of
like color in brows you should try this
unknown and then mascara wise I used the
smithing cult lash trance mascara but
the little inner tube safety cap as I
was doing it it like fell inside the
mascara and if you're gonna have mascara
does that it just looks like an absolute
mess so I did my top lashes with that
and then I did my bottom lashes with
biet Maybelline lash sensational and
then for my lips it's a color pop give
me two seconds this is the color pop
Aquarius two lip color which I'll be
taking with me and we have back thanks
so much mark does your arm hurt using is
a look at
one of them marks there is morning
vitamins I don't want to like Dr Dee
from God this is iron and vitamin C
supports healthy red blood cells and
immune system lovely that's two down two
down three to go three four to go
because I take the skin hair and now is
one two as well are they all individual
yeah you can get something early on one
skin hair nails I was looking at perfect
Hill yeah yeah Nicole Scherzinger was on
the box and I'm a bit worried about like
I'm sure it's fine but if like a man
takes a woman's fear means you're scared
you're gonna go Bratz I mean yeah and
the Wills gonna fool you
oh yeah
step right up one of those max men oh it
goes in trouble when the water is kind
and alone
anything in Brighton these days yeah
lots of foxes is why there is calm in it
for a jacket because stupid hair though
it was summer mug in Z markings it
thought it was summer ankle jacket gonna
get found one of our fees coats deny
mark says I look like a little turtle
keeping me warm keeping the rain off
marks also got an umbrella that we found
in the back of the car as well for a
skid the team have decorated and it
looks blurry right now hey thank yes
look how cool we've got these and look
at this looks so cool and we've got two
Pete's having a gossip look at this mark
come and see this come and see in here
this is like I wish you just thought it
was gonna be me you err desk oh no we
don't do anything by halves mark isn't
it so cozy
there's the range dress setting up for
the Instagram you get that
oh yeah so marks not smarts much
botanics at all he also doesn't know
like the general press set up so I
thought would be really nice to start
off the day by giving him his and we can
all go through it together
first impressions first impressions
because if any of you don't know I met
mark
because you reviewed my product that's
how we met I know engineers together I
know we did it together
live live where darling marques super
excited to share my news view in
connection with you it's called splash
botanics and it's going to be your fav
just know it thank you for continually
supporting me in everything I do let me
know so cool oh my god oh my god says I
actual plants in it oh my goodness man
initial how often do I have to war with
it once a week give a little spritz so
the spray is bow Tanic oh okay and it
has notes of jasmine freesia
iris and lotus blossom
making their bias but I think it's quite
you sex smell personally yeah I think
it's probably the most unisex smell and
maybe the one coming up later on in the
air but I think this one is particularly
quite unit I just love the design as
well I love the lids it colored no it's
like a very if you could see the actual
product it has very very nice it kind of
like the color on the energy C but it
doesn't really like come off too much so
you can use it on your lip how's it look
you make some that really hydrated and
healthy it tastes amazing as well thank
you very much guys and I'll see you
again Bracey
oh my god these look so great I know oh
they're so splash themed splash botanics
splash botanics thank you so much
dum-dum doughnuts these look delicious
hi sorry it's market hello I'm Sean Sean
congratulations I just want to say I'm
so proud of you you've done so well
you've done incredibly well and I just
can't wait for more amazing things from
you because you're full of amazing
things yes thank you goodbye we are gay
so for this bit we thought it would be
really fun to do a Q&A Abigail and she
said how long was the process of making
the range this range took around 18
months which feels weirdly like
yesterday we've started talking about it
and then it's only when you answer
questions like that that you realize how
long it's actually been when we said
kind of guess what the range is gonna be
a lot of people were like fruit fruit
because obviously we've had a meeting
recently where we're discussing a fruit
range but it does not take that short
amount of time actually takes a really
long time to do
arrange do you prefer developing
packaging or fragrances this is a really
hard one because I love both those
aspects and they both have very
different like creatives it's oxy you're
using like your nose for one aspect but
also you have to really think about what
a lot of people are going to like I
can't just choose a seven that I think
well I love this but no one else is
gonna like it I would be very selfish I
do Lee obviously have to love it
otherwise there's no point but I have to
also think about universally what a lot
of people are going to really really
like and that's really hard because I'm
a bit of a perfectionist and I just want
everyone to love it but also with the
packaging it's so fun I'm such a
creative person I'm very visual so doing
that is always a lot of fun and also
testing formulations is fun too because
there's the scent formulation and the
packaging but you have to kind of think
about so I don't know which is my
favorite maybe the packaging because I
do think it's really really cool to see
it when it's done and I said how does it
make you feel when you bring out a new
range really excited my emotions are all
over the place it's it's so much fun
because it is like a baby you've worked
so hard on it so it's almost like
setting it free into the world it's
great which product was the most
difficult to get perfect or I like this
one so some of these formulations we've
had released in other ranges but all
we've done is change the scent which
again you have to test to make sure that
it works cuz sometimes it might not but
this the lip oil we've been developing
this for a really long time we've
actually been developing this longer
than this range has even been created
probably this for like two years - in a
bit years because I really really want
to do it boy also for this to finally be
out very very happy about der because it
just don't know it's something very
different from anything we've ever done
before so that was probably the one that
was the most difficult to get right for
sure right myself Sophie carrier mark
heading down to super drug because we
want to see if the products are in there
I think it's always nice to go in and
see and then if we're allowed we're
gonna sign some and then you guys can go
in if we ran out we're gonna sign some
and then you guys can go in and forever
signed product if you want it oh yeah
it's so nicely and everyone received
their press packages it's such an upbeat
happy day
are you happy yeah it's chilly let me
and Sophie have both got green on today
we are live home and Kerry's got a green
scarf browsers and green towels all
bright green pants we go
but this is all they have left at the
moment you guys have already rinsed it
oh my god we've made a discovery
well mark made discovery what's your
discovery the nola oh my god Nala thank
you thank you little face okay so we're
about to do the third live which is me
and Sophie talking about a bit more of
the development and everything else that
goes into bringing splash botanics and
any other product launch to a shelf
which I hope some people find really
interesting because we don't ever really
get the opportunity to talk about it
like this so it is yeah I still find it
very interesting and I've been doing
this for a while now and Sophie's been
doing it even longer than me so are you
not sure okay then allah's' gonna do her
live show be ready are you ready do you
feel it's just very close to your face
said I'm there's a real beauty brand
manager we work with a licensing company
and of course the retailer's together
eat together
so should we just sort of talked about
the beginning yeah so I guess when you
have the idea you know how has that been
it's an alum of an actual product range
at the beginning of the season we might
have like a mood board in session where
we talk about what's up yeah and also
trends friends upcoming trends you
always think oh I know what the trends
are for now but it's actually I like a
skill to know
trends for like 82 years yes tinea dad
so we'll look at different things we
might go to art exhibitions and see what
and it's inspiring you might look at
chops and see what's in there maybe life
style might have things that would just
be like beauty mm-hmm
yeah the names are also something that I
think over time gets harder and harder
because it almost feels like we have
used all the names we could probably
think of yeah so much fun so we have
like a huge team that do all sorts
through it and it's encompasses all what
we've been talking about but we have
product developers we have testers we
have QC s so they can quality control
everything yeah pack testers I know the
lab in Cheltenham even have like a
vibration machine now so if it was being
brought in from the factory and vote
make sure that it wouldn't break if it
was rocked around a lot so that they
think everything there is a person for
everything like the amount of people who
have gone into making one product is
crazy I think there were still a few
people that think I just make these that
would be very very impressive I will
also take you 10 years yeah
which is your favorite my favorite very
range what a few I feel like it might
have to be the Vegas flash because
obviously this is and the splash version
of jelly and gelatos shower shake yeah
it's such an amazing product it's so
moisturizing I was using it last night
and you come out the shower you donate
for moisturizing I know it's a yeah
also the lip oil is not an amazing
product
I know Zoey said no no no it's taking
over to use yellow and it's something
that's been ongoing
to get it absolutely perfect so this is
cherry flavored it contains lots of
loving lovely ingredients like sweet
almond and James Barry and Argan oils
which is gonna voice drive your lips I
really like it because it's not sticky
it's amazing and everyone who I've seen
reviews so far has been like it's the
perfect consistency it's not sticky and
it's really nourishing and it's nice to
keep reapplying that's why it sinks in
use over again yeah also I don't know if
everyone knows but the range is actually
the court not this too because obviously
this is something that we are like
really passionate about and that we
really wanted to be able to do just
there just quickfire you've got to say
the first thing that comes into your
head okay
yeah what color's your toothbrush blue
black if you could bite into the food
right now what would you buy mmm that's
nice if you could be any animal what
would it be and why seal because I love
them they're amazing what is one of the
things you would put on your bucket list
Oh some have an airplane dude you admire
the most much violence what's your
favorite summer activity Oh game where
like activate if a movie was made of
your life what genre would it be oh oh
come on come comedy if you could be any
flavor of ice cream what ice cream
flavor would you be and why
I'd be lemon why because it's nice but
quite citrusy why do you dream job this
I'm doing what's one thing that annoys
you the most people who eat lovely don't
have any manners what is one of your
weird quirks Oh God to name a few
you tell many you but your hands have
their own mind yeah I'm very like
flamboyan describe yourself in three
words trustworthy loyal unpredictable if
you could trade trade lives with anyone
for a day who would it be Kim Kardashian
what's your favorite joke garden coat
you pulls it's like Joe I was his hard
line describe the perfect kiss in three
words oh my god in the rain listening to
Adele under an umbrella what is your
biggest addiction um always ask oh hi
Jane skincare who have you met that you
wish you hadn't
oh I can't stay what's the most
interesting thing you have in your bag
probably my fit means your bitch means
on a scale of one to ten how cool are
you oh three boys the best advantage to
being retool oh I can pick things off
shelves elderly people how long does it
take you to get ready in the morning oh
I'd like to leave myself like a nice two
and a half hours take me two and a half
hours but I like it to be a long process
which TV sitcom family would you be a
member of oh I would love to be a member
of like the Gellers
but I'd like Monica doesn't get with
that mom and I don't be upset about yeah
which store do you shop at the most a
sauce
what supply in your house is running low
Oh iPod Ralph no I would think I bought
two big bags every day probably kitchen
well it's just something that cleans up
mess
what is the most delightful word you can
think of Oh first thing that comes into
your head
magnificent what is your least favorite
beverage Oh tequila what is the first
thing you notice about someone when you
first meet how nice their smile is do I
trust it or not their eyes what
compliment do people give you the most
you smell nice if your plane was about
to crash who would you want sitting next
here on my mom
oh sorry Dave like one person obviously
with my whole family
what is the lowest grade you've ever
been given in a class you and that was
for general studies Oh what is your best
feature I'd like to say my high if you
could win any award what would it be I
feel like it would have to be site with
like customer service I'd love an Oscar
what did you eat for breakfast its
account salmon bagel yeah okay
what's your favorite cuisine I'm curry
where would you want to retire in the
Cotswolds gold or silver gold what do
you think of when I say fruit enjoyable
have you ever been in a car accident I
have yeah Oh God very minor what's your
favorite flower Oh daffodils what size
is your bed Oh
annoying my feet hang over the edge
single no stubble win it double double
who's the last person you went to dinner
with where's your favorite place to hide
as in hideout right if you didn't want
to see anyone it'd probably be my
bedroom home what makes you angry bad
manners judgmental people delays trolls
what makes you feel sad oh my friends
being sad why do you say that what time
do you go to bed before twelve these
days cold or hot Oh always hot cold wet
and dry Oh No yeah cold oh and
definitely drive your mother or your
father oh boy
my conscience who did you kiss last nada
yeah yeah how do you feel about getting
old I hate it when was the last time you
cried Sunday what one thing will you
never do kill someone without looking at
a clock what time is it right now corta
4 o 1541 o what challenges you being
independent love it thanks so much mark
thank you so much I'll let you know if
you've got the job thank you
you got my email what word do you always
misspell would you enjoy a vacation away
from all your technology what what is
your earliest vegetable Oh what is the
ugly the ugliest vegetable yeah maybe
like a really weird not being parsnip
what product would you seriously
stockpile if you found out they were
going to sell out anymore if they
weren't going to sell anymore
all lighted Tuffy lives our cleanser
polish what is the absolute worst movie
you have ever seen what food do you
crave most often what is the grossest
sounding English word yeah
what's the silliest thing you get
nostalgic for if you could only eat one
food for the rest of your life what
would it be what is your dream car my
mini what quote do you try to live by oh
do you think the world would be a better
place or worse a place if everyone
suddenly could read each other sports
whose advice do you always listen to
would you go to another planet even if
it meant you would never return to Earth
and eventually die on this planet No are
you talking about what is the first
thing you think about in the morning
what I got to do today I fight on
Samsung I fight would you rather work a
tower standing or tense I was sitting
down 10 I was sitting down
what eight you wanna retire what
schedule meet ya when was the last time
he to arrest me
waiter last thought about before going
to bed
I'm really tired what is your office or
workspace look like what makes you
annoyed bad manners
what will you never do
never do I would never say something
really mean to someone what is your
biggest strength one of my strengths is
that I can rise above well tell me you
go bed tonight oh actually going to say
film so midnight oh yeah
what is one item you could never live
about there's no other countless an item
maybe my laptop okay I can do a long
drawings or paintings hugs or kisses
winter or summer Oh cake or pie high
comedy or mystery dancing or singing
singing freckles or dimples tattoos or
piercings antique or brand-new aunty
pancakes or waffles shower in the
morning or shower in the evening
what's your favorite place on earth my
home how do you travel
in a car or plane would you rather be
considered sexy or smart who do you
think should make the first move
girls or guys either how would you
describe yourself in three words patient
caring weird would you rather be
invisible or have x-ray vision there was
any 12 no there was it comment there's
some other ones though Hey
and we're showing the winner of the
fragrance design as well congratulations
we'll be sending you your prize in the
post it's someone timing a minute and
we'll see you again very very soon tell
your answer how did you know I gave you
a that is a bath and Bodyworks
magic is in the air does it remind you
of the old house cuz I think I burnt
night in the old house possibly I
already know this because I've got the
body spray
it's gonna sound really weird
what and it may be really unhygienic
well do you still help them pick a mix
is the little bit later in the evening
now and myself and Mark I'm actually
Alfie's dab Nick Alfie poppy and Shana
potentially Holly we're all going today
I read a dream which I have heard is
terrifying just the sort of film I like
to see do love a good horror the last
horror I saw a figure which was
Paranormal Activity the four keys I get
those ones mixed up I'm very excited to
see it we're seeing it in the Duke of
York picture how I mean see ya see ya
literally found he just gave us the
fright of our lives
literally I'm swimming in insta story if
you are if you've been on my Instagram
at zoella go and follow me if you don't
already I was filming an Instagram story
and I'll be run up and like jumped on
the window and it made to ourselves
right before we watch your film that's
gonna make us pillows I was singing a
lovely Nursery Rhyme as well Lucas
joined er
I brought a blanket that her and Holly
are gonna hide underneath so hereditary
was sort of sold to me as like the
scariest film yeah I kept asking a few
at the time really drag it was very long
the start was very slow and it was just
I think it was just one of those films
that everything sort of happens quite
near the end I think that's that's like
a proper horror film yeah you know I
mean like it's like it's got a lot of
substance and story I think that's what
I feel like real horror fans are gonna
love that yeah because it's like from a
horror but it's not like I thought it
was gonna be like I know my battery ran
out what I was saying what I was saying
was that I think it was a really good
film the soundtrack was insane like it
was so creepy the music which was just
amazing and I feel like it had some
really creepy moments but overall I
don't think it was like that scary or
mice
on my scare scale Holly however said it
was absolutely terrifying what would you
give out of ten yeah probably like a
seven yeah story music and
cinematography I'm gonna give her an
eight and a half
yeah the cinematography was really cool
like some of the camera angles we're
great yeah okay so I'm gonna go to bed
now I've got Todd coming tomorrow which
is gonna be so much fun
I really hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
make sure to give it a thumbs up if you
did and I'll see you again very soon
