hello everybody welcome to vlogmas day
what day is it
I am currently showing Darcy this video
whoops
drop my camera - let slip out Darcy as a
baby so I'm showing her this video do
you remember that why you make me laugh
I was just making you giggle when you
were little
do you remember it and then look like
you would you were trying to grab the
camera do you remember that cat yeah
what was her name
no Mindy
do you remember Mindy yeah yeah where is
she now
yeah look you're playing the instrument
were we being silly for me a mummy being
silly yeah look how dark my hair is got
such dark hair haven't I you were gonna
drive the car who's that who are you
with you were quite freezing it was
quite windy but you heard kept falling
up
you're gonna walk because when you're
younger you have to learn to walk
because you can't walk straight away can
you now you know how to walk yeah and
you couldn't talk yet could you just
sleep watch I'm a did you enjoy the
Christmas room I love did you have
Christmassy dream yeah what did I leave
under your pillow
I didn't so myself and chummy are all
dolled up now what did we just do
definitely not broken the blinds look
how great our makeup looks from this
window oh wow
doesn't it look great tonight I
always come here great lighting oh do
you yeah because you can get a good sum
now Hey oh jeez okay we're gonna do face
painting because we've just done our
gift-giving video and look what father
Christmas got look look Darcy
we're gonna do some face a painting but
just a logical cuz my self is in this
lighting it's great isn't it me
look at this mess I don't want to show
it too much because you have to wait and
see the video but it was very exciting
wasn't it yes very exciting do you want
the little good good get a full cool
right we're gonna get some food Louise
wants like a mama worker mama if I'm man
I'm never gonna refuse no it's fine
really
Alfie needs it for his video anyway and
I'm never gonna say no to a biker mama
even know I have had it quite already
but I always talk about how much others
wag about this and then it always needs
to be when I'm vlogging I have it but
when I'm not I don't so it looks like
although 6y cameras but they've all been
on camera exactly so now all you eat is
Wagamama it's not light right I'm taking
a camera out we're gonna do face
painting how very exciting let me see it
show them huh what colors are you gonna
put on your face we should try and do a
tiger or a princess brilliant
well I'm very excited for that later I
do have to film a video without Phoenix
oh yeah and Louise wants to film without
think I'm just go bring it down I wish I
could move I know the amount of times
I've wished ahead I'll tell you how many
mmm well a good handful on the floor oh
it's a little headband the god I thought
it was a goiter I was like me and look
how picture Nala she started writing
nada but then try it again here this is
Zoe so cute and then this is picture so
we were the most happy smile very keen
well done well done you
I am so nervous to film this video after
days you guys would have already seen it
but we're doing the eat it or wear it
Zoe just come out of like a nude cover
the new way of doing it
I don't know if any if it the same way
there's some really gross things on here
guys I'm not gonna be very good at
eating it part yeah how do you want to
explode this situation right now
because just finished filming for my
channel I literally look like a bird is
pooed on me
Louise come look at me come look at me
Wow mint sauce I've never been so
repulsed by you know my eyes so I'm now
gonna try and watch this off in the sink
this was your idea thought by the way I
just realized I don't know if I actually
said why I look like this it's because
me and I'll feature through in a video
where we essentially just had a massive
food fight so if you want to watch that
I'll leave the link in the description
box it's it's very funny and I think
he'll already like it I'm now going to
attempt to wash my hair in the sink
so hopefully this goes well
Oh Apple troll okay I've washed my hair
and I've taken off all the gunk from my
face so now I'm letting Darcy put more
gunk on my face you would gonna draw on
it with your new crayons what are you
gonna turn me in - okay
I'm very good at games are you I'm very
excited to see it
I need to see like hide show me do I
look pretty yet animal finished Wow
Darcy you've done an amazing job
what am i a princess cat yay thank you
very much I'll leave this on shall I
I've got a bit of orange hair Eddy need
to get me brows done blimey Oh what
about on my chin
yay thank you I look fabulous me and
Darcy are doing some crafts now we are
cutting things Darcy's got two bangles
haven't year that you've made all by
yourself
she actually has made them all myself
look how cute they are so cute and I've
been trying to teach Darcy how to make
paper snowflakes like I should stick
them for me there's one thank you
Darcy do you like my new face do you
want to put it on TV I could put them on
my TV we can hang them up you can put
them somewhere cold but for now they're
just down here
little snowflake Isle Isle line and
you've been coloring do you want to show
them your picture let's see if we can
find it in the book because it's very
good where is it there we go
look how good that is
very good oh why you've got crown ah you
made a crown actually oh is it a
necklace maybe if you undo it and you
can put it on and then do it up again do
you know what I mean yeah you want me to
do it for you okay
Christmas 440 million time but it is
it's a very good Christmas film and it
was requested by Darcy's though once per
day in December yeah I love it I love it
a lot
our videos are just about to go up mine
and our fees my hair still wear I've
just thrown it up in a bun and I can
smell creams I hate that so much like
the cream that's the that's the worst
bit like I would run I wouldn't mind
smelling of cinnamon but smelling a
pretty done although it kind of doesn't
helps it's not food shaving foam I see I
don't know if I can happen fat on my
face like shaving foam you know it means
the same spring bitch not smelly yeah
that's true
anyway I'm gonna kind of tidy up all
these little bits of paper made a little
bit of a mess there haven't we but it's
thought it's all in the nature of fun
look at this gingerbread house that
Darcy and Louise have just made you it's
very impressive it smells delicious
at what point do we just break it and
eat it so you have our sauces if she
feels you're attached she is I just want
a little although they do always look
too good to then break why I'm not sure
that's too good it looks really good it
looks better than the one that me and
Alfie did that's for sure I'll look at
the little windows well it looks as
though the roof might be slipping down
yeah we need to get such a Joe on the
case exactly maybe it's that point then
that we decide it's probably best to eat
it
Darcy when can we
the house Oh perfect
well put a timer on your phone we'll
have a partay was it really hard to do
or did you find it quite easy was it
what are you eating now
hi guys it's much later on what it's not
much later but it's a little bit later
on and we're all just chilling having a
bit of laptop Club Louis is made like a
barrier you can see in there normally
it's like alfie will lie one way and
then i will lie the other that makes
sense yeah yeah all right my hair's
still wet I am gonna have to wash it
again tonight I think just to be extra
sure I've got everything out of it
because I didn't quite realize how much
crap I had in my hair and right let's
guess who is gonna win x-factor Luiza
Johnson that one okay Luiz is saying
Luiza Johnson out I reckon paulien
mauryans moly
Reggie and Bali yeah but I want do mr.
Johnson do any I think Nui is race today
no he shake J yeah he left yesterday yes
and factories flashing no
but yeah that's what we're doing
look ahead size differences right now
that is ridiculous because you're like
what it looks like haha you're closer
you guys know that okay this is the
problem that people have when they not
letting that picture like this obviously
my head bigger never going out so it's
slightly eat yes I can't get it but I do
have a small head it's a known fact but
you have a tiny one but I also have a
very big one so it's like what I wanted
to save does it work oh why do you don't
know I can't get back there we go just
press the bat one what I want to say was
look how cute I'll feel John Marshall
just cracked up my fingers off with his
big old head
after the spider on me
there's little puppy dog no sleeping on
Louise's feet
wakey-wakey for like an hour and then
Alfie said have you finished your vlog
and I was like no I haven't I've got no
battery left but he's in so I could end
the vlog and most her get ended good
sleep we go for next boy I'm gonna go to
bed now
thanks for watching thumbs up been a fun
day good night guys
