we are currently in the kitchen baking
up a storm or company on the floor
yeah we're not remaking the cakes are
baking my god not baking it that's
trending from the oven
that's very true thing very true so
you've got some pancakes we've got Jim
on bacon look how good my pancakes are
looks really amazing I feel like I've
really perfected the art can we flip
this one yeah I'll let you flip that
it's not ready yet
and we're gonna have lots of bits and
pieces on the table we've got through I
think I'm going to have yogurt honey and
fruit with my pancakes today and then
Tom and our fear having no scrambled
eggs with smoked salmon we got some fake
ones I have a whole baby myself and yeah
all very very fucking I'm very very
hungry and I'm very excited there Alfie
what are you doing ready
do do do yeah ready ready
I would I thought we could put out on
this I actually
oh no show up out they look what you've
done
influence on your own yeah yeah yeah
yeah I tried your Tom flipping it
turning around it being are you good now
I can't dare come on you got it
the Constitution I ain't really you're
in the boner you maybe try not to hit
the ceiling go around everything
that was pretty much it
look at this for a breakfast spread
we've got the pancakes we've got the
pancake condiments berries yogurt bacon
smoked salmon an egg and these two which
I don't really know what they're doing
is this you you're way too relaxed
exercise me now if we always play this
game way you've gotta stand together and
you have to guess which way the other
person is going to go left right front
or back is not relaxing
face each other hold do what you're
doing hold it hug okay one three see
what you gonna choose yeah just in your
head it's just yeah Tom I think you
might a copy right last month she wants
to sit where um and just stands there
I'll sit here
mmm high five team let's do an actual -
let's enjoy my time - three Oh guys look
at my little pancakes
I've got Greek yogurt berries and a
drizzle of honey yummy
there we go now it's complete I've put
some icing sugar on top look at that I'm
very impressed with myself
looks like you could order that
somewhere you know yeah
Nala is obsessed with Tanya look at her
not a lot of people can hold her like
that she squirms so much much Nala ran
up into Tanya and Jim Zirin this morning
at the first opportunity that she had
and jumped up on their bed I was hurt on
going she jumps on your head
I bet she's sleepy she's like a stealth
dog I struggled to focus on her because
she's so dark and shiny and my eyes get
your computer nice you know other dogs
get quite scared by dogs because they
don't see any features yeah that's it
they just see a black blob yeah black
blob stop breakfast was delicious that
was one of my favorite breakfast my
brain from home did you know I kissed
Nala with like black hair I've made out
one as well yeah did you try some of
Jim's yes hmm
I didn't even try you're a this is
thanks mmm egg drags thar needs a lie
down thereof now hi JimBob tomorrow yeah
thank you for coming I had so much fun
that's okay
have a safe trip I love you both - oh
yeah my name's Anna's come into town
it's been one of those days where I've
been editing and trying to sort lots of
little bits and pieces out on the laptop
because obviously over the last couple
of days we've been out and about doing
things so I mean I think today's vlog
could possibly be the shortest vlog I've
ever done um but you know we've still
got a lot of the day left got frozen on
and it's the sing-along version just
about to kill they let it go let it go
let it go let it go Alfie has decided to
show me something
okay I have to do it what am i doing
what am i doing this looks a bit scary
if you think you're gonna fall what do
you think then happened to me oh you're
not gonna try to do the same stuff are
you that's what I thought you wanted me
today right show me what you're trying
to do now I wanna see what you can do
someone see if you can just do this hold
myself up okay all right you hold this
you ready
come on legs up yes you can
okay what about in lucky little talk
yeah yeah there we go
now try now put your hands on there and
then push up go you can just try no you
haven't
it's always always got some excuse
go push now take vo just keep it in a
little top trying a little tuck again
until you hold it for 10 seconds why
Eddie no just squeeze them three two one
go one two three or four seconds you
have to keep it straight as you can
alright let's go to ten and watch it's
not then yes sir one two it's not gonna
snap cuz let you get there on my little
scrawny arm but as long as you lock your
arms like that now they're just lost
nothing but I did try and lock my arm so
all my weight is on top of that rather
than like that with that oh that's
really hard I thought you were gonna
cheat teach me something easy but I
can't do that
I feel like it's good it was yes it was
you can do this
you got that of course you can do that
now you don't want them anyway that help
you harder the wider they are the harder
there is mum down a bit yeah there we go
now down and out
I didn't say eat the pillow excuses
excuses
okay well us could we try let me just
try one more time I think you try
straddle your legs
yeah a bit wider yeah and now do the
press up yeah
you want them bit further back yep
perfect take your bum in a bit take your
bottom in not just like there we go
not just arch your back all right there
we go now back up yeah I've got no uh
okay why don't we try it this way so you
stand here
what do you mean now your decks can go
further back yeah yeah there we go
yeah what sleep in this I've got no
upper body strength that's my problem
none at all however I do have some guns
look from whisking it what egg whites to
this huh ah let me see this one
yes strong yeah I'll get you help son
again I mean I should probably stop
watching it like I've over watched Alf
but can you really over watch elf I
don't know I am not really feeling too
great actually
I woke up this morning and I have that
scratchy throat and I was like no I'm
very very tired you can kind of tell
that but I've been editing getting stuff
done oh my goodness my eyes really do
look quite bad I think that that
actually possibly the worst they've ever
been I'm gonna do this bit and then I
think I'm gonna run a bath and go to bed
but fun thing it's fun for me anyway but
as you guys may or may not know I have a
pa box I love receiving your letters
please please please just a little
disclaimer do not send me presents I
don't need them
I love reading your words that's all the
matters to me and even even if that's
just online doesn't have to be
handwritten but honestly I'm just I'm a
I'm a sentimental person
I don't need you to spend money on me
that's the last thing I want my Pierre
box is actually mostly open for
companies in order to send me products
for review purposes nothing's ever sent
with an agenda but obviously with doing
this and having my blog for a number of
years now
what's it nearly six nearly seven 2004 a
2009 I started my blog so yeah nearly
seven years Wow
that's gone quickly companies and brands
obviously send youtubers and bloggers
things all the time which is so very
generous of them and also very exciting
because I've discovered some really
amazing products that way that I then
get to share with you guys if I lost
them which a lot of the time I do and it
is just one of those things that makes
me so excited when I receive a bit it's
been a couple of weeks so there's quite
a lot in here but I love looking through
all the new releases and all the new
amazing companies that I've never heard
of an amazing brands and things so I
thought I would go through it with you
and share anything that I was excited
about there are people that do these
types of videos online I I personally
love watching them I love watching
people go through their peer boxes so
much especially when there's kind of
like new things in there it's all just
very exciting oh I am going to go
through this and if I see anything that
I think you guys would be interested in
I will be sure to turn on my camera I
don't really know where to start
should we start in here it's like
Christmas bath and Bodyworks hello
uh-huh fresh bathroom guys this is just
going to be too exciting
soap and glory what's in here
limited edition the Rudnick bag also
just in case any of you are wondering
what happens to any of the products that
I might receive that either don't suit
me aren't my kind of products I would
use or things that I might already have
I actually take them all to women's
shelters homeless shelters places that
will be benefited a lot more than I
would with these items so I obviously I
don't have the room to store all the
stuff I get sent because I would
literally need an extra house so I am
quite selective with the products that I
want to keep and try if there's
something I've already got I will give
it on to somebody who might need it more
than me but as you can see I get sent
quite a lot and I honestly think it
would take me a lifetime to use all
these products and I know that other
people would really benefit from them
and get more joy out of them so I am
very selective when it comes to things
like that and they do go on to people
who would really really love them just
in case any of you wondering and any dog
related things go to animal shelters if
you've already got them don't they or if
you just have too many things like it is
possible for a dog to have too many
things honestly when it comes to letters
I can't read them all straight away
because that would honestly be all I did
24/7 seven days a week if that's what I
was doing but I keep them all and if I
have like downtime I read through them
but I just want you to know that I never
ever throw letters away ever from
signing anything
I keep every single letter I ever
receive I don't always read them
straight away because there are so many
but I've made it my mission to read them
all in my lifetime there are quite a lot
what on oh my god what is this
yeah googly eyes and it's my lazy oath
which for a loads of you to ask quite a
lot of my clothes oh it smells amazing
this smells amazing of something else in
here something in that smells amazing
right this box is the best thing I've
ever seen it's a furry box for goodness
sake with googly eyes merry xmas be
great for everyone else got an e-card
love that thank you for your puppy thank
you for your support throughout 2015
merry Christmas from everyone at radio
we hope you love your new winter warmers
and remember a fluffy creature ain't
just for xmas he's for life love Emily
okay well I'm definitely gonna have to
keep the Fox names at that well we've
got some barium nail polishes oh I just
love Lady Oh clothes so much oh you've
got all the fluff of your face nah nah
oh look it's got a little dog on it is
the cutest t-shirt ever
I love it just such lovely quality oh
look little soft those fake snow in here
as well hmm
little socks as a little nose I finished
going through my PA box now and I just
wanted to show you some of the bits and
pieces that I thought you might want to
see so look at this I've just got my
copies of the dolly magazine through
because obviously this is an Australian
magazine and I was lucky enough to be on
their cover for the I think it's the
December issue so it came out in
November am i right there
no the November issues that came out in
October but yeah look how cool let me
find the actual interview where is it
here we go
I really like these pictures it was a
really fun photo shoot I just basically
jumped up and down on a bed and then
this this I saw Alfie could put up above
his bed in my office put it in your
office and then you can have me looking
at you while you work in so I got a
couple of those I'm sure my mum and dad
will want one of those and probably my
grandparents so I've got enough of those
to go around
your mum will probably want one as well
won't she so I'll keep those to the side
but that was nice of them to send that
to me because obviously we can't get
hold of it here which is a shame because
I actually love this magazine it has
some really like amazing things to read
in it then we have all of these things
here from purple bone the things that
Nala funnily enough knows are for her
and it says to Nala from purple bone
we've got some toys look at this a
little bone aren't you lucky I like
these ones the Christmasy ones it's a
little father Christmas and then a
little candy cane and of course the
orange fluorescent jacket and there's
some treats in here
wonder what treats these are I also got
some really lovely bits from this works
which is a company I really like in fact
this was something that we
on my wish list so I was planning to go
out and buy this so I'm really grateful
that they've sent it to me to try is the
deep sleep pillow spray so I'm gonna try
that tonight I'm gonna keep that out I
also had this in my peer box which
excited me a lot it was in a little ball
ball and it's a teeny miniature ghost
eclipse are you guys know how much I
love this perfume it reminds me so much
of being on holiday let me put this on
and see if this makes you think of them
Mikula
doesn't it does it remind you of Mykonos
I wore it every day in Mykonos really
uh-huh and Santorini when we went with
them
Tania and Jimin moxa movie reminds me of
Greece
that's my Greece perfume anyway yeah I
just look so cute imagine having that on
your tree at Christmas and a little
bauble
what else did I want to shoot this so
many amazing things here oh yes this
company treacle moon sent me a lot of
their kind of bath products to try you
can get these in supermarkets I think
I've seen them in there actually some
really look warm cinnamon night
yes let's smell that shall we oh that
smells nice what do you think what do
you think of that I like it that's not
delicious I really want to smell this
one
the honeycomb secret
oh my god that is my favorite I could
eat that what does that one smell like
your eyes twitching nope oh don't
actually eat it also wanted to show you
this which is from Bath & Body Works and
it is the what's it called
mahogany balsam candle this smells so
good it's not limit like you laughs it
smells like you with your scent on smell
you having a little workout
can't hear me it said you have your
workout so do you having a little
workout on about like now oh my gosh
this is men arms progression so basic
science is really like that with let's
say legs out straight this is obviously
bent arms see I wouldn't even be able to
do that
and then I need to I can stretch my arms
it's hard yeah well you buried it than
me I've not do anything on those bloody
things apart from jump over them eight I
want to go to bed I really want to get
is it too early to go to bed yeah no I
haven't gone to bed yet I'm almost ready
to go to bed and it's 8 p.m. I think the
last couple of days have just really
caught up with me but here is my dinner
I just thought I would show you because
I always go on about how much I love
making this
it's the is it I've done it on a bagel
and I've just realized I've done it on I
know that is the bottom that's the
bottom so you do her Merce
Lumi grilled peppers are they're nice
and soft and then some spinach pop that
on top it's like the nicest thing ever
normally I do it in a roll but we only
had bagels and then I just got some
Tomatoes because I had a Wagamama for
lunch which was quite a big meal so I'm
going kind of like I feel like I've
switched up my meals if I like I have my
dinner at lunchtime and now I'm having
my lunch at dinnertime
I'm so pleased that you're all enjoying
vlogmas so far it makes me so happy I
didn't quite realize how hard it would
be to upload two videos a day like it's
the 10th and I've already uploaded 20
videos in a month 2200 so I am working
really really hard on them and I really
hope that you guys can see that and it
makes me really happy that you
appreciate it and that you're all being
so incredibly lovely I really do feel
like I just have the best audience ever
you guys are the best and I'm gonna eat
my little my little bagel now very
hungry didn't think I was actually
before I started making it I was like
well just don't really feel that hungry
but yeah give me that now you've had
your some you know puppy and then I need
to have some first offense because I do
not want to get ill again and if I get
ill I know for a fact it will be because
I did those blooming activities out in
the cold I didn't put jeans on and
proper go on and I don't want to get ill
again before Christmas
No thank you no no we don't no no no so
I need to get our first defense going
I didn't end my blog I'm so sorry guys I
knew it was gonna happen at some point
during vlogmas but i wasn't feeling too
well last night so I got an early night
feeling a little better today though so
that's really good hope you enjoyed the
vlog and do a little click around and
watch yesterday's videos - I love you
very much
Anna be good
