good morning everybody it is Sunday the
26th so I want to say is it the 25th 26
I don't know I lose track of the times
I've just washed my face and I didn't
dry it so that might be why it looks a
bit wet and shiny my skin is actually
quite bad right now
but oh well I have to do this because I
have so many secret things in my office
but I can't show you that I'm scared
I'll accidentally show you and then I'll
get in so much trouble so I'm having to
lie down on the sofa bed in my office to
film this because I don't want to give
too much away I've just been so busy
doing so many things recently that I
haven't vlogged as much as I would like
to so I've logged some kind of bits and
pieces from the other day my work
probably already uploaded that video but
I wanted to film today just the whole
day I'm gonna film because it's Sunday
I'm uploading a video I do need to edit
that I have already filmed it oh do you
like these pictures minor and grand I've
got them for me as a little present
because they came to state my camera
just cut off my granddad came to stay
recently and we went down on the beach
and they had cockles and it was really
lovely and they have these tiny little
like stands or stools inside the like
promenade and one of them was an artist
by the beach she had like prints and
things and she had these two and I
really liked them I already have two
icecream prints I don't know if any of
you have ever seen them in my vlogs
there on my landing and they've got
faces ones a girl and ones a boy so it
must be something about ice creams that
I really like when it comes to prints
but I love this it's like a very pale
kind of grey blue background and then
there's a fab and a little heart and
then a 99 with raspberry or strawberry
sauce and another little heart and I
just thought they were really nice and I
feel like they sum up the beach so that
is that is that um but yeah here oh I
pay the back yeah yeah I've got like a
whole box of them and they've got the
rose gold on the front
yeah it's the first book it's come out
in paperback because in true kind of
book publishing form especially when I
was younger a book would come out in
hardback and then it would come out and
pay me back later on because it always
just feels very special to have
something in hardback which is what I
wanted for this book so but then I know
that not everyone wants a hardback book
so this is especially easier for people
who want to be on a flight or you know
they're taking the book away with them
it's so much easier to have the
paperback but this has got the first two
chapters of the second book in the back
so very exciting much excit
this is a whole load of foreign books of
my book which is so exciting so this is
the German Edition I've ever shown you
guys these so this is the German Edition
Italian
they're all slightly different that's
Italian to Greek they have like
different photos I love that one that's
the Greek one this is a nice favorite
this is Estonian look how cute that is
very pretty this is the just Slovenia so
Slovakian splittin a punker so funny
Dutch the Netherlands I think you might
have already seen this one a lot of them
are very similar but they'll have like
one picture that's different so for
example that picture is different on
this one that's the same Portuguese in
Brazil so we've got different photos on
here as well apart from this one
Galata online serbia i love my name in
serbian look at this
Zoe sorry I just love how so many of
them are different like it just looks so
cool
this one is amazing so this book is in
Hebrew and unbeknown to me they would
start so this would be the front cover
so the spine is on this side and they
start the book backwards they read
backwards basically in Hebrew so these
are the first pages and then they make
their way through a book this way and
call me ignorant or whatever but I did
not know that so I found that so we're
interesting I just thought that was so
cool
Portuguese in Portugal not Brazil I
think that's all the same photos
actually they kept that like the same
cool watch peas in Portugal Spanish look
at the Spanish one
psycho
German 1 polish these pictures are all
the same apart from this one which is
different the winning so good so if you
didn't know gal online has been sold in
37 different languages which absolutely
blows my mind like absolutely blows my
mind I remember one of my publishers
telling me that Peter Rabbit which is a
very well-known children's book was sold
in did she say 40 or 45 different
languages I can't remember if I was like
well obviously go online is gonna be
absolutely nowhere near that turns out
37 different languages which is just
insane
but so amazing I actually have them all
in a bookshelf I'm going to collect all
37 obviously I'm not gonna be able to
read them all but I do have them in a
bookshelf here we go so you can see them
all lined up so this is actually a
limited edition one that penguin had
printed just for me it's got rose gold
on the spine so that is one of a kind
you'll never find that anywhere else
which is this one Spanish and then
they're all along here but yeah and the
American one is in there I just think
they look so cool and then three this
side and then my Nickelodeon award yay
but I just realized I've not shown you
guys that before so I'm really proud of
that and I've got a million copies able
to read I don't care
I also have what looks like super drug
in my office because I have some here to
give to friends family anyone that comes
around or to send to some of you guys
which I have been doing but I do things
like that in secret
okay I think my bath might be deep
enough now oops got distracted right I'm
gonna have in my bath bomb in my bath
bomb the bath bomb I'm gonna have in my
bath is
intergalactic which is from the Oxford
Street store it just looks amazing I
don't think you can get this in any
other stores
I can't get it out hang on okay ready
look at it it's so beautiful or if it
wants to focus there we go look how
beautiful that is okay ready
oh wow oh my goodness
I'm now one of those really annoying
people that wants to film the entire
bath bomb look at the water
it's like sparkling oh my goodness it's
so pretty this looks like one that might
stain my skin it's so pigmented look at
that
looks like watercolor when you dip your
paintbrush into into the glass wowie
okay I'm gonna stop filming a bath bomb
now and just get in it even though I
know for any lush fanatics out there you
might want me to film the whole thing
I'm not sure everyone wants to see that
but it does look so amazing can you see
all the sparkles
it's like glistening look okay I want to
get in yes tell us what today is for you
you have to tell them okay today yes
tell them no today is Alfie deyes sick
birthday on YouTube that's like nearly a
third of my life
well that's crazy yeah Eddie 21 and six
years of that I've been on YouTube
you work very hard to get to where you
are well done I'm very proud of you
can't see that's for me
Oh armpit in the face your armpits
actually smell great
I don't had a shower today just never
smells like you could probably not wash
it very much
no I mean either anyplace ever swears my
forehead when I'm in the gym yeah like a
little spot ease up there yeah that's it
other guy I don't really sweat well in
case you're wondering
yeah my sick birthday - no sweating here
we go he showed me a lot I have I showed
them before he got in but now I want to
show you them it like literally before I
get it again because this so blue like I
just said to Alfie I feel like I'm gonna
get out and be a smurf like I'm gonna
have to use the shower head to like wash
me down I think I love this Venus okay
future planet somewhere do you know what
it's called
look at that galaxy guess what the bad
ones called
Milky Way no galaxy no plan explosion
know something space-related begins with
an eye
and I yeah
I know intergalactic ah so close the
galaxy yeah this girl want to touch it
go and then hard this no it's so I don't
have you in the pattern it's like Fame
that's like marbled on your finger alien
bit me anyway I was going into town
poppy and Shana come around I'm getting
in the bath okay oh oh don't hit them go
away go buy one of my books
yeah I'm gonna read it the rain you can
read the last chapter the last two write
the last chapter three then the first
two chapters of the next book okay so
I'm gonna do have I ever shown you guys
these that I've got on my wall it says
four beautiful eyes look for the good in
others if your beautiful lips speak only
words of kindness and for poise walk
with the knowledge that you are never
alone I like that this one says inhale
exhale and these are two pictures as you
come up to my office just thought I'd
let you know that now I'm gonna get my
bath like I said I was gonna do ages ago
hi guys so it's a little bit later on in
the day I have filmed a video with Alfie
which you have already seen I'll leave a
link to it in the description box if you
haven't it was really fun that we
basically played operation with poppy
and Shawn and we have a TENS machine on
I am not very good at the tens machine
have to say I was just talking to Abby
about it because I did it hurt and I'm
like it doesn't really hurt it just
feels like insane pins and needles and
it's not the pain that freaks me out
it's like the anticipation of it like
the anxiety of knowing it's gonna happen
I don't know either way I'm such a baby
when it comes to that thing so go on
over and check that out if you want a
bit of a giggle I am just uploading my
video with Alfie which is the boyfriend
as my makeup which I'll also leave a
link to down below we done it before two
years ago funnily enough when he wasn't
my boyfriend and he just did it as a
massive joke and I was like I wonder if
he would actually be able to do it
properly if I handed him my makeup bag
would he be able to do my makeup how I
do my makeup
so that's basically what that video is I
wanted to just see if he could do it um
turns out you really wasn't that bad
we've got a little 9a boom she's been so
cute today cuz she's really tired you
sleeping at 1:00 what you're gonna do
should we go out shrit go out now uh is
that what you'd like to do okay oopsie
then I fell asleep because some reason I
think it's the weather you know unlike
cozy Sundays and it's really rainy and
grey and dark outside and there's some
really good films on the TV and you're
kind of snuggle up on the sofa and I was
editing my video just getting the last
little bits done I fell asleep
sat up in the sofa with Nana on me and
my laptop on me and then the next thing
I knew I was lying down under a blanket
so I'll obviously at some point put my
laptop down and decided that I wanted to
get a bit more comfy and I slept for two
hours
I still look tired look at that but I'm
feeling a bit more awake now I don't
really know what that was I think our
sister cozy a cozy little moment on a
Sunday I did have Christmas candles lit
not gonna lie and also it's just so nice
to snuggle up with your Pug but now we
are gonna go to Abby's mum and dads I
only assumed Shan I'm poppy today I
haven't no I haven't so we're gonna go
to Abby's mom and dad's for dinner
and yeah it's gonna be good
I'm very excited let me show you my
t-shirt actually as you know I like a
slogan tea this one says I'm so happy
and this is a little bottle of soy sauce
and I don't particularly like soy sauce
I can't say that I rate it but that is
really cute so it's on my t-shirt and I
am so happy I'm so happy why are you
barking at me is it because I said sure
we go somewhere and now you're really
excited you're like hey bitch put the
camera down and let's go excuse me
little bugger Alfie deyes just spent the
last probably three hours editing both
of them and putting them live and I'm
really really happy with them so I'll
leave links down below to both of them
we've got both reactions you doing it
and we camera my camera shake shake it
is there we go we need to go to Tesco to
grab some mints before we get to have
his parents am I just going around yep
follow all the way around okay I'll see
about this take it right here
now I'm joking don't no jaqen Alfie is
the worst human sac
no I'm so good I know I know Brighton so
well you are I just tell you too late
I'm not oh you should have taken that
left and then we've already gone past
you rubbish it directions if I was
driving yes
I've really missed wearing beanies I put
had first time this year I think then
you want to take a left here I really
love it that's good I just wanted to be
a van out pretty much is everyone's
gonna hate me say yeah where was her the
other day I was in the shop the other
day and it was like ah I have an outfit
is yeah I said do you have any plain
white t-shirts no we don't get rid of
all our summer stock there might be a
couple left and there's a winter now I
feel quite all to me today
I'm just get out be a little cake to
celebrate six years on YouTube so I've
got him
a caterpillar cake and some candles very
exciting oh my god guys we're walking
along and there's a massive rut where is
it gone okay I'm gonna move this no I'm
not sure I'm ready for that where did it
go it was massive it was shoot like that
that's the biggest one I've ever seen
she always has to sniff everything
yeah is it rat season
is there even a red thing nice this look
at this lovely spread that Amanda's put
on was protecting me he was actually he
barked he knew I was behind the door
damn busy a star now you can join the
police force we're now chillin oh okay
no lens poppy is the master of treats
we're trying to make them be calm around
each other
that's fine right it's mush all is okay
right Liz it's not really that there's
ten can you feel it yeah smart you're
tuned we'll do 20 twins and they're
gonna stop on 25 they're 20 ready 43221
are you ready Nick 35
oh I'm late look it's five past midnight
way past my bedtime
I got any registros oh good what you
need at midnight midnight snack I'm
gonna go to bed now but I hope you've
enjoyed this vlog Alpha Centauri it's
alright and I'll see you got some more
porridge easy I got some chewing gum oh
oh do you think that the way your bed is
do you think no that's where you're
sleeping
she looks so tiny on this sofa good
thank you
lay down then lay down I'm down now let
down down down down she's so tired down
then you get into bed you're gonna get
into bed
come on then let's get a bed come on
she's gonna bed max-q
she's so scary I don't think she wants
to sleep in this room she's so confused
know how cozy you are in your little
bedroom I'm sleeping down here tonight
