good morning everybody it's a lovely
rainy day today which isn't so lovely
I'm wearing some Christmas pajama
bottoms because they're nice and comfy
and I've got the candles lit this is a
really nice one from Anthropologie it
smells delicious actually that's me and
joy because I come filming into a mirror
and I've got some beautiful peonies
which haven't opened yet the white ones
have but the pink ones haven't Alfie
showed me a video I'm out of breath what
am I doing with my life
so I'm fit average showed me videos of
guinea pigs swimming in a paddling pool
and it was the most amazing thing I've
ever seen and I was like I don't know if
my guinea pigs can actually swim so I
want to find out I've got a bath excuse
me leave it leave it
the commands are doing well leave leave
Nala Norte get down oh my goodness
testing the boundaries no good go so I
want to see if my guinea pigs in swim so
I've run a bath and I'm gonna take them
up and see what happens
I'm not gonna let them drown don't worry
I love them too much there you go coming
this is just chilling on the floor no
you didn't like it as much she's like I
have done it a few times again like how
skinny they look when they're not fluffy
hey mister oh well done it's a bit of
exercise for you
honey I'm gonna go my hands underneath
good boy
haha drowned rat now we put some shampoo
on you it's just having a little sleep
now just getting wrapped up and getting
a warm he doesn't know what today I'm
this way
yay
I've got my hand underneath him now let
go let go let go let go you can do it so
the guinea pigs good swim how amazing is
that I was actually a little bit too
scared to let go completely you chewing
who do you think liked it the most
I think Percy liked it the most and I
didn't Oh little bit of a shake and I
knew that would happen because he much
prefers the water whereas Pippins not so
sure but that's so funny how they just
immediately knew what to do you know
check again oh so cute and now we're
just gonna make sure that all dry well
nice and dry nice and clean look how
cute Pippin looks he's like um it's
French it's like a cockatoo no what's it
called yeah Coco to one of those birds
are parrots that's what you look like
you're a little munchkin you're already
trying to escape let's dry you off a
little bit with that fun boys was that
fun
your first swimming lesson Barry look
how cute they are eating a letter nice
yum yum yum delicious lettuce is their
absolute favorite you're not really
supposed to give guinea pigs too much
lettuce but every now and then they have
a little bit because they do love it a
lot
ah nice
good boy I am now about to sign this
huge Ward of photos for all the people
that donated to track stop that selected
the signed photo option good morning
guys another day another section to a
vlog because I didn't film anything else
yesterday after the guinea pigs went for
a little swim please stop running or get
a bit more fits on that our breath makes
more sense we are off in to town because
bobbing shown up move back to Brighton I
am most excited about this because I
love poppy and Shaun and it means
there's more people for me to play with
in Brighton it's like this mum and dad
they've moved their flat that are moving
into is I getting sorted at the moments
they've moved into mum and dad's place
for five weeks so that me I know
stay here for a bit if they want today
but yeah so they moved back today they
brought lots of that stuff back in a
repair mum's car yet so we're gonna go
and see them now maybe get a bit of
lunch we have too many cameras in this
house
that's my old one they will get broken
really quickly
with the little thing they do actually I
was just watching Aaron Jonathan's video
where they went to Malibu and Jonathan
broke his camera in a way so that's
another one down we have to be them two
minutes
if I could just look anyway let's go
from some videos this morning very
productive three film three videos and I
also brought our feedback system bed did
you like that oh this way
I did like that yeah really really good
I made scrambled egg on wholemeal taste
with alcohol on your number Devon place
yourself I'm fresh orange juice put this
on your back Thank You Alfie oh that's
not quite how it works
oh I don't ever love a pocket Johnny
carry my camera pop it in my bag if you
like anyway we should probably go we're
supposed to be there in two minutes
probably one minute now I probably know
minutes sorry we're late guys
not I'm showing that your bag be a look
that's guy now there will be a good girl
she will hold the fork hold the ball oka
fault fault
I got like cancel even though we
definitely don't know when I cancel we
limit stops women I do
Shawn's getting excited about plates so
smart so good my mom loves this shop is
her fave before I can put copper in the
house get some he's a nice thing really
nice
oh yeah that was lovely what would you
give that out of ten sturdiness
structurally sound seven out of ten that
would actually look quite good or
neither that would have looked good in
Mykonos where did I win that yeah nice
work with that if you can hear me it's
quite windy she's met them before just
not that bugs oh yeah she's just not
that headcrab cougar so before we're
going to theirs we've stopped off here
we're just having a little walk around I
kind of miss me might see as much but
she's
