good morning guys not about what you
doing
she is so hyper today like it's unreal
look at her she come damn um I am
wearing this today at which I absolutely
love it says hang on life is too short
for celery which I believe is a very
statement Nala
Oh what's he done did you jump it good
then fuck up ha ha good girl do you know
what getting a puppy really does test
your patience a lot of people have told
me that it's very good practice for a
child obviously a child is less very and
less mobile to begin with but having not
I have definitely tested my patience as
cute as she is and as happy as I am to
have her in my life couldn't imagine how
couldn't imagine a life without her in
it now it's definitely had some really
kind of testing moments as you might do
a video on getting a puppy and just the
things that I kind of learn and any
advice I would give to anyone who is
thinking about getting a puppy
because before Nala I had never owned a
dog I'd never had a family dog my Nana
and granddad used to have a dog but we
only saw it or we went to visit it
wasn't like we looked after the dog and
I'm not claiming to be a dog expert but
I don't know is that something you guys
have want to see would you want to see
my kind of tips and advice and things I
learnt when getting a puppy let me know
in the comments anyway I am editing my
vlog for today
and then I am going to the cinema with
Anna and Jonathan and Alfie we are gonna
go and see insidious chapter 3 I don't
know this about me but I am a huge
horror film fanatic I love horror films
I love the first two I know they're
really scary I like kind of plot twists
and things I feel like insidious doesn't
really have a lot of plot twists it's
just a lot of like jump scares which I
also really like so I'm really looking
forward to it and yeah not as my day so
far
naughty puppy and horror films and it's
really raining outside and I feel very
cozy inside in my little tracksuit I am
going to be wearing this to the cinema
because I think I can get away with
wearing this out however I will change
the trousers because it
they look like I've come straight from
the gym a new car Ralphie did not have
this video finished in time we're all
very disappointed
this is Alfie to a tee everyone's always
like ours out fear always late Safin no
it's not selfie and just like a point
Ciccone Jolie is right late okay the
koni koni days would be late
no Jolie's we've actually been here true
that is true
well that you've no no children yeah but
having said that first I'm 35
so uh no wait it's in an hour and I am
most excited yep Jonathan keeps going
you know when Marcus had his TT he used
to do that and I when I got in his Coast
go um Marcus could we not go ready go
ready you should see him Eduardo's
reaction he puts his hand out like super
minded people yeah he absolutely loves
it and I can't remember what it was oh
it was like a little girl in a viral
video and she's in her airplane and
she's I think she's
or something and her dad's doing all the
like twists and turns in the airplane
and she's like laughing I should have to
fly I know it was like I was like oh
it's like Amelia then I was like I don't
know Amelia we'd like that actually yeah
Eduardo always loves it I mean I was
like right okay
mrs. the jokes right that's why yeah if
I would drive into rollercoaster I mean
you know you stopped it well nine out a
second area so when you're going down
the moods where you can actually go like
70 80 what do you we can turn off this
more wouldn't it just be all the same
but do you think that you would hate it
if someone else is driving yeah yeah we
wait the good word and we went around
the racetrack I got in the passenger
seat with the racecar driver like these
are like British professional racecar
drivers scary yeah we're driving like
170 mile an hour in an m4 around like oh
yeah Jesus setting you up for the movie
and you're in the back - so she's gonna
be sick it's not windy pointy Mason yeah
how'd you terrify so Alibag Johnathan's
crying peanuts oh yeah yes don't worry
yeah I'm sorry I know where we are yes
all right don't worry Jonathan are we
gonna lose her zone we should do okay we
need two cuts and an Alfie update wait
wait wait you got the wrong cinema yeah
I said it would be safer for us you just
have less people to the Kasbah yeah I
feel like different princes like just
your birthday your birthday yeah oh yeah
that's true yeah my best oh yeah
Jonathan is on a mission I feel like I'm
here with each other okay it's just a
film it's fine don't you worry para is
okay
are you happy
the only things that won't wait for you
in life
there was one thing I could never
prepare a night okay that is the
funniest stuff I did not more than a
jump I think you learn a parody heart
Navi time as well like the jump to bits
are good put the bits in between the
jump of it so is the acting was so bad
we ran out of time when driving home
just bear in mind I've eaten a lot of
popcorn and drink a lot during anything
about quickly no yeah Yammy Yammy Yammy
you talking about eggs I'll kill the
night you can't get an egg and eggs
already dead I'll feel the egg oh my
mum's egg I don't feel my mum's egg I
can actually be your father
yeah because how much older are you than
a few years ago
yeah but they know every number 18 year
old dad alfie is Jonathan secret child
so what actually said that yes nobody
you could be brothers actually I'm
obviously the killer bear you could've
Oliver I think that the killer brother
what yeah we got a gbk I've just done an
interview on skype which was really cool
so now we have
gbk these fries are the best thing ever
good burger in Ireland oh yeah what
she's certainly not tired now today you
should train at a boxing winner Minami
you're watching like what mommy gets
angry yeah sometimes daddy sometime
sometimes mommy gets angry when I don't
eat my breakfast sometimes mommy it's
daddy she didn't say that
oh did you like your Father's Day card
Ramos we're gonna say emo yeah i'm going
to present kids these days whatever you
just missed everything jonathan is just
trying to drag on her out and I was like
putting up a fight
oh my god oh let me feel it
is it November November November nice oh
my just doing some exercise still a
little too honest I just touching your
ass every time you go down yeah I don't
think I could do that so don't sit down
properly come out a little bit because
you're too bit more really yeah and then
tip it with your bum but don't sit down
properly yeah all the way down you can
do it yeah yeah it'll probably be more
comfortable if you just go all they down
like yeah like that are you like made of
wood Lucy's exercises your back straight
up yeah next right come on together
don't you want to look like my personal
trainer come on yeah that's a nice one
now let watch me I'm guessing I did yeah
no why is your back straight yeah watch
me right now you were you're like this
yeah yeah
laughter a lot of times and then this is
other things she does mm I'll be able to
do here well this is this is you so
exciting our days are now and then you
go like oh there's a crack all right
here we go oh yeah you can't just pull
the pole yeah yeah oh you use the
trampoline oh you got the cracks oh
that's how you know we don't exercise
cracky knees okay No thank you not true
Lucy's were cracking to make it big time
did it like three there you do tree G
some kid you know I'm lucky healthy
