good morning everybody it's Monday start
up a new week I'm gonna try and pick up
the weekly flow began I got a little bit
behind had my hair cut the weekend I'm
gonna head over to the office this
morning really early I'm going to do my
makeup there because I don't like
getting stuck in traffic so I've decided
to do everything else I've showered I've
done my hair I've dressed I'm ready to
go I've got my moisturizer on the only
thing I haven't done is do my makeup
don't know if I've ever told you the
story of how I became very very phobic
of half spiders if you are not in the UK
you might not know what half spider is
but it's basically the biggest spider we
can get here that's like wild I think
don't quote me on that I don't feel like
we have tarantulas in the wild in the UK
but I don't know but the biggest ones
that you can just get shittin in your
house our house spiders and they're big
and black I'm really fast and I didn't
really like them very much growing up I
didn't hate them
it was mostly I'm getting goose bumps
talking about them honestly all the
heads are standing up on my arm I think
it's just how fast they go that freaks
me out because it's like you just see
this like dash of black and they're
really big and they have no concept of
like being on you or anything and I just
don't like them literally look at my arm
right now and back in autumn I woke up
and I picked up my dungarees that I'd
worn the day before I feel I'll wear
these again today I'll pop a different
t-shirt on I had a shower so I was nice
and clean and my dungarees is still
clean so I put them back on you know
flawed robe came in here and thought
right I'm gonna do my makeup in this
mirror and before I looked in this
mirror I felt something like tickling my
neck and I was like oh it must be a hair
so I just flicked like this obviously
didn't flick properly then I turned and
I looked at myself in this mirror and as
I looked at myself I saw a big black
spider crawling up my neck onto my face
that ladies and gentlemen is a vision
that does not leave you very quickly it
was horrendous so they're not freaked
and I like screamed and like flicked it
off my face I don't know where it went
it ran away on the floor I burst into
tears nothing has ever made me burst
into tears like that in my life
maybe when I was a child but not as a
matter like literally all the emotions
came over me and I just burst into tears
an alpha came running in like oh my god
what's happened no I think what made it
worse as I saw it I think if I just felt
it and flicked it off it would have
freaked me out but because I quite
literally turned I've looked at myself
in this mirror and saw it crawling up my
face so since then I'm so on edge now
since then I have had a very very
increased fear or phobia of these
spiders last night I had a dream about
them and I dreamt that there was a nest
and I was back in my old house and it
was the big curtains by the French doors
in our living room which is where we
would normally see them in our old house
and I dream that I had to Hoover them up
because when you Hoover these spiders
they make a noise because they're so big
it's like is it's actually vile and so I
dreamt that I was having to Hoover them
that they kept running away and I
couldn't get them and then I'd see one
and then there would be another one and
I just kept seeing them everywhere I
woke up and I just thought oh my god
that dream like really shook me up and I
was a bit on edge going down to
breakfast and I was like ah shake it off
so II don't be silly those spiders don't
really exist in houses in spring and
summer it's mostly autumn then I came in
here to pack my makeup bag to take with
me to the office and I've got two hair
it's got this one and I took everything
out of here that I wanted and then I
thought oh I'll just I'll take out what
I want from this one opened it and
there's a massive spider in there the
ones that I literally just dreamt about
dude are magically just do this did I
conjure up the spider they live in
corners of the room and then might run
around every now and then but why are
they why is it in my makeup bag like I
literally have goosebumps all over it
doesn't have a zip on it the zip broke
it's one of the glassy air bags so it's
just open but I don't really know what
to do it now and there's a bit of a web
in there I went in this yesterday I
don't know what to do I think I might
just go to the office and leave it that
I'm even like too scared to like show
you because honestly the fear is real oh
oh I don't think I can do this I can't I
don't want to find it I can see one of
its legs in the bottom no I can't I need
to shut this again okay I'm just gonna
leave it I don't know where it is I want
things I don't want to kill it I'm not
really a killer even if I don't like it
I can't I can't kill it I feel really
bad but at the same time but I want it
to get out because then knowing me I'll
find it on something else or else spring
hour me another time okay well that's
good work this day is just not happening
for me I think I just accidentally went
in a bus and taxi lane that was only for
bus and taxis and I've lived in Brighton
for like four years now and I've never
done that I'm not too sure how that just
happened damn it what happens if you do
that do you just get a fine anyway let's
go up to the office and hope that the
rest of the day is just grand I did a
little Instagram live this morning
whilst I did my makeup in the office
before everyone arrived which was fun so
thanks for coming to that if you were
able to join this morning we are now
going into a meeting about the book so
briney and Laura
and we're gonna head into a meeting room
and go through don't add all these pages
of made notes already it's so crazy how
big this looks when it's like this isn't
it like look how thick that is and
that's like gonna be on top it's gonna
be one but obviously this is like a
double page meetings done me Alfie and
Dave have now come out you're gonna have
a little a little meeting
I did ask Alfie what the meeting was
about and he was very vague so I'm
excited about this we're gonna try and
go in the ivy which is just open to
Brighton which looks spectacular
we should come here more often
and the reference is really really good
common picking Dave he looks
like he's in like no wobbling into
chocolate
we are in a gap into some Cuban dancing
maybe a couple drinks lunch has arrived
look at that match back bang-bang
chicken how it looks like it has been
bangbang
Nando's that's a no-no it does sound a
bit like sense it is the end of another
office day I've been here since 25 past
date it's now 25 past 6 yeah I need to
go home edit there's not enough hours in
the day damn it I've had a really
reproductive day I've had lots of good
meetings and done a lot of like would
you call it admin if it's it's not
really admin but it's like things that
you had on the list that you need to
tick off or like answer in question for
somewhere else or like sending over
those images into the Dropbox like lots
of little bits and pieces that I've
needed to do how long are you gonna be
editing now do i edit whilst I wait for
alfie or do i watch some more love
island anyway productive day over really
happy with the book meeting as well that
went very very well given all my
feedback and now we will await all I'm
running out of memory on my memory card
hello everybody it's now Tuesday and I
think today is gonna be quite a short
little snippet but I didn't want to not
film anything at all Sam help me I've
tried to do my own hair I think it looks
cat I just I haven't styled it very well
today and normally I wouldn't really
care but we are actually going to an
event tonight myself and Tania are doing
a Q&A I have to look nice it's black tie
so we're having to like get all fancy
schmancy and this is my dress I got this
on ASOS is by the brand
let me see it's by the brand giallo
it's not going to focus now is it there
we go Jarlo so I'm gonna wear that and
then I've got my little Jimmy Choo
stilettos and my YSL bag Alfie is also
gone and rented a suit because it's
Black Tie which is very smart so he was
doing that this morning and we're about
to head off we're gonna take this little
one who's having a little freaked out
because she obviously knows but going
somewhere so she's following me around
making sure that I'm not leaving without
her I'm gonna take you to see buzzy
don't I go and see bus we need to leave
now
I'm gonna do my makeup at hardened gyms
I think so I'm gonna make sure I've got
to my makeup bag laughs can you imagine
heart film there which is probably for
the best
I'm really nervous I don't really do
things like this but I just thought
thought it I'll just do it and now I'm
like oh my god why did I agree to this
no I'll be fine
Alfie and Gemma coming to watch it's
like a dinner and then a Q&A session
it's not like that for memories and
stuff and just to say I am doing it hey
birthday girl
it's Martha's third birthday oh happy
birthday Jim can you believe she's three
already I know where does the time go
I've done my hair I've done my makeup
I've got my dress on and my shoes much
higher than I'm comfortable with but you
know it's gotta be done the boys are now
putting their tuxes on and Tanya's gonna
meet us there from her play rehearsals
max just sending me lots of encouraging
voice notes he said keep me updated stay
hydrated
the boys getting ready I'm sad Tom can't
be here to get ready with us
no you're not oh yeah very late she'll
be very excitable when we all arrived
though the boys are nearly ready we're
ordering a car we're heading out
uh-oh Jim lost his phone Oh Jim I need
your help
Alfie needs help with his bowtie or what
I've got a new drink so I'm not drinking
that
Oh China's going on okay hey nobody died
I love it look at you two then you go
down like this one double-oh-seven
he's hiding and thanks for making the
best man and be the Mary and Martha guy
on the back the man the man woman anyway
we're are you know I don't really -
please haha
Jim German Alfie are coming along with
plus-ones Zoe said to me earlier Alfie
in your vlog you cannot say the name of
the event I was like I don't know this
has been in my diary for a year I made
sure my schedule for a year and Dom and
Lucy have said to me you cannot take a
photo where you do it but they wouldn't
tell me what it was I only found out
what it was today
and I'm still annoying are you excited
ecstatic good yeah yeah it's gonna be
great but yeah this is where I'm gonna
have to end this vlog here might pick it
back up again later when we get back
when we're all like party animals anyway
I'll see you later
so we're back at Sonya and Jim's and
because she's not been in my vlogs yet I
don't know for sure I caught was a
really cute clip of Jim doing Alfie's
bowtie which I knew when I was filming
it Todd's gonna love this
hey she is ladies and gentlemen
with the birthday girl how they go how
did you find this evening um loved it
really fun it's fun to go out and do
something we all dressed up that was so
nice we don't really know we should all
go somewhere all like being Jim dressed
up like go get shaved like really fun of
you guys you guys are really good for us
and forages fair restaurant what's it
called and you can do a wine flight it's
done
QA went well I was doing myself I said
in alvey's blog a good 10 out of 10
because it was a situation that two
years ago there is no way I would have
done that that was like one of my that
was one of my situations you know I mean
that was one of my big anxiety things
that just was a no-go like if I could
explain a situation that would make me
feel my worst back okay I'm really good
at just channeling me in there
channeling it so I've just I've had bad
hay fever saying you know your nose is
sore from yeah we balance each other out
yeah Green yeah I said I will jump in if
you do something you shouldn't say and
you jump in when I don't have anything
to say did you notice the few times I
looked at them and did I help with all
hard questions where I was like I'm good
and you answered them well did I yeah
great evening all round and it was just
nice to do something with these chats
yeah where's the other one there is I've
changed a little my driving now because
I mean to drive home it wasn't really
appropriate driveway it's nice isn't it
what happened to go to bed
Tom's going to bed now on my nightly
routine yeah what are you gonna do check
on a filmer yeah she looks like you've
really attention see you I love making
like tons nighttime routine I need to
put something around my nose because
it's already limited
come on then let's go do your nighttime
routine Thomsen hydrate your husband
you're gonna burn yourself
congo's on the hunt for God's sake
coming back in to undo Tom's dress which
I also can't do oh that wasn't the
glamorous insurance I was expecting my
earring I think my magic
okay right okay tucked in nice yeah I
can't read you another story Tom I've
already read five just make them right
I'm gonna put this off
there we go and I'm gonna go out the
room
night good morning and happy Wednesday
to you my favorite peeps Oh who's not
someone's like followed me to Tesco who
do you think you are
Zara Mike come to Tesco on this blustery
Wednesday I have done something to my
knees which means I can only hobble
about two miles an hour don't know wife
dad I think I've twisted it painful not
gonna lie it's not gonna stop me from
doing what I want to do today though if
it carries on game worth Oh Mike stop
but for now oh yeah go for it yes but
for now I'm gonna enjoy this spectacular
day with my best friend
you've already had a great catcher oh my
god not saying that YouTube I've
actually come out to get some cleaning
product because that's how cool I am
also we can grab a bit a couple of bits
to eat you know yes I am quite hungry
guys you've gone a bit crazy with the
cakes oh oh it's a flake chocolate tart
yeah let's try some of those look at
this Ronnie just opening the bakery guys
a little bakery school what else do I
feel like cakes wise these are just
insane but also mark lemon slices also
have you tried angel slices yeah they
are great Feeny's worlds that's what
it's all about
do you know what always reminds me of
scary movie you know when they're doing
the basketball have you heard about the
new Maltesers no yeah they're coming out
with flatland teasers yeah oh my god oh
my god there's so many cakes mark just
watch our you bought me on mark read
what look lifts stain these look exactly
like the ones I've put in my dishwasher
they do have some that look like that
but no these are gone you got even
putting Ariel in your dishwasher if your
plates tasted funny
no oh my god but I died I love our in my
time of need the first thing you do is
pull out the camera why are the wash it
dishwasher I think they're in the next
aisle they look identical you know when
you just pick a ground yeah
come into Wilkinson kids we wanted to
get a picker Mick Marx picked up some
some very all in one no can I just say
they do look the same yes they do
exactly the same yes
bascially the fairy ones because fairy
does both Ariel don't do dishwasher
though fairy does they are in very
different sections I will say that
millions now cater pick a mix though
that's why we're here
she ate a bigger oh my god these are my
favorite things like the roles of like
sour stuff I'm about to have so much
choice
I'm so happy right now I might get one
for the office as well pick Amir oh good
I also bought one of the office
Oh we are moving bought myself a couple
of bits from Topshop and now we're
heading into Zara
I've not been in this new Zara oh it's
very white and bright and airy well you
bought my dream yup you haven't tried to
are you torturing me no oh oh no oh oh
yellow so oh my god I love that
so what do you sound Ernie that's so
nice okay this so nice yeah lover it's a
nice material - is it like a thin denims
we already love that marks in the office
helping himself to a little bit of tango
ice blast did any come out just love
thank you happy office this is Chris
he's called Chris the Machine Holly just
liked it yeah mark I've just had a game
of Bananagrams
how'd you find it really really good
yeah well I started I've been like what
are the rules like no names no there's
no abbreviation nation this is my forte
making up words like damn i smell like
dams in your legs
really yeah gums google it
like you've got muscle this is mine we
both basically ended with a V and we
didn't know where to put it so we've
drawers yeah that's what you do don't ya
the best way we just googled gams is our
thing I know right well done even though
you haven't got gums on there and you
can't write gams
so we've got our cakes here just a few
some bling got some Aunt Bessie's but
you need to make these oh we are in
trouble
Artie for in trouble we're not obviously
gonna eat all of these we're just gonna
have a trial oh my god where's your head
oh it's looking through the camera which
one should we do for okay so I think we
should try the crunchy come on we
have to break them out of ten do you not
like it
I'm really surprised at how much I don't
like this you don't like it Oh
I don't know what it's about
err country is my favorite chocolate in
the whole world okay I think I know
there's too much pastry it's so dry is
that all pastry mm-hmm that's why I
don't like it cuz if it wasn't for those
little crackers on the way it's pastry
than sponge I'm gonna give it a file oh
yeah yeah join you with that before
I'm gonna go Mr Kipling rock n'raspberry
slices oh yeah rocky fast sex yeah I
mean it definitely wasn't a fall yeah
six at ten okay son let's sell offense
there so what we got aunt Betty's
raspberry and coconut tart I'm cocky me
Blackie what you mean like I need water
Oh oh my god how they can't wait
love one of mine mmm it's quite Clark
that's like hey yeah I'll give it a five
kind of that can feel quite dry oh
that's a five from me that's not bad
okay McVitie's 300 this looks quite nice
joy yes I quite like that I'm gonna give
that six maybe even a seven oh I don't
mind it hmm ya can have it a picnic I
like that why can't you have a picnic
very messy yeah it's quite messy what
would you give that out of ten I'd give
that seven yeah I gave it a seven as
well yeah like that right your turn to
pick one okay mr. Kipling chocolate chip
slices hmm
I do like these kicking slices hmm oh
they doesn't hold back when I talk to
sexy well I like that I like this yeah I
mean there's nothing amazing seven seven
okay yeah lemon Limon a limo oh my god
that's like a nine for me that was
really good I love that that was a great
texture wasn't dry at all try again I
think because it's so dry they really do
so much for making it like so rich but
this is crazy
flake and crunchy three is my baby's
favorite
or maybe M is the pastry yeah they see
flake and crunchy on my favorite clock
they just I just don't think it works in
that combo for me personally no I don't
even know if I can eat anymore
okay we can t anymore
hi we maybe got like three more left
anyway jeepers because I've had these
bad days yeah and these are literally
dee-lish I would have given these a 10
mm hmm
these were my favorite out the ones we
just tried 100% German mine too I like
the raspberry ripple the raspberry one
that was as moist as that that would a
hundred because you can always go way
more moist with a game good game good
game and then next time river it were
three ourselves with these little this
is exactly why we buddy anymore
crunchy - cupcakes - have peppermint tea
no no snoring she's like squeaking
listen
Marc's leavin I'm leavin we've had a
nice evening just had a little
peppermint tea in front of the TV
drive home safe love was lovely to see
you as always same time next week same
time next week
yes Wednesdays right yeah me and Marc
I'm gonna film my videos next week we
sort of ran out of time yeah well but
we're gonna refilm
it's gonna be fun so thanks for coming
thank you when you get home as always I
like to know you've arrived safely at
your destination
you made me almost pain room not
actually you got me there
we forgot to tell about the spider
crawling up my leg my god yeah no in the
office as I was walking ahead and I saw
a little like speck but on the back
there Neos are so oh my god like what
happened is it was like to do my name I
knew because the odd tone of looks is so
different when you're being serious yeah
this part or anything yeah yeah I know
you in any way
I love ya good night thank you for a
great day as always my love
I'm now running myself bar because I
feel like this would be really nice for
my knee which is still not feeling good
so I'm thinking maybe I should be a bit
like sit on my feet tomorrow I'm going
to the office and I've got a couple of
meetings so I don't have to be doing too
much walking around but it will know
things work like joy try and stretch it
out by doing lots of walking or am I
supposed to be resting this and not
moving it the walking yesterday didn't
help so I think tomorrow we'll go for
the new route of let's not move it too
much and I'm gonna have a nice hot bath
and since that makes it any better so I
think I will end this vlog here and I'll
pick up my camera again tomorrow and
start a whole new jobs but I really hope
you guys have enjoyed it and make sure
to give it a thumbs up if you did make
sure to subscribe to this channel as
well if you want to see why I get to on
a more day-to-day basis and I will see
you again very very soon
