kind of want to sit in the Sun oh it's
nice down here isn't it Nana okay
actually I can't see no moving okay I'm
just gonna have to accept the fact that
this is going to be a really long clip
and my arm is gonna really ache
following clips you are about to see are
from yesterday I never properly
explained what was going on in the video
because firstly I was I'm just blogging
firstly I was so nervous
secondly my whole day was riddled with
anxiety so my blogging was poor and
thirdly I was kind of just in shock
about the whole thing and I wanted to
soak it in which I feel like I really
did and sometimes when you want to do
that you don't you kind of don't film
and you don't say the things that you
would want to convey so I'm doing this
as like a pre intro to the video so as
you may have guessed by the title and
actually so many of you guessed on
Twitter already yesterday which was so
weird
I don't know how you guessed it we did
not go to the place you said we went to
so I have no idea how that even was a
thing we went into an office but those
of you who guessed well done you are
true detectives and you freaked me the
hell out myself and Alfie were asked by
Madame Tussauds if we would like to be a
wax figure in Madame Tussauds London now
when I was first asked this question I
think it was fall over the laughs and I
was like I think they've got the wrong
person
obviously I can't be a wax figure that's
kind of no I thought that's know that
they've got the wrong person like I
don't deserve to be a wax figure what
are they on about and it's actually done
by requests so on leaving the attraction
if you don't know what Madame Tussauds
is by the way if you're really totally
confused
it's a
kind of attraction we're kind of
well-known sportsman and queen and kind
of just well-known people and people who
have had any influence are made into wax
figures that looks so incredibly real
you walk around and you expect from them
to move and I have being myself and it
is the most amazing thing ever it's
always busy anytime I Drive past and
it's kind of like the place where
tourists want to go and take pictures
with things that are not real but look
real upon leaving the attraction people
asked who they would like in the
attraction so anyone that is in the
building in the Madame Tussauds building
has been requested by the people that
visit so when I was asked I thought it
was a request from Madame Tussauds and I
was like I don't feel like I deserve
this I think I don't know I was really
kind of like this is crazy like that I
can't actually quite fathom this as
being a real request I actually did
think it was gonna be a prank I was like
okay so we'll get there thinking that
they're gonna make us into wax beakers
and then Joe will probably pop out and
go hi got people to touch you up all day
and it's not real or something I don't
know um and then they were like you and
Alfie was one of the most requested
people last year almost on the level of
one direction and I was like well but
honestly what um I don't think I could
quite convey how much of a shock this is
to me really um doing what I do which to
me it's still just a passion and a hobby
and it hasn't gone a lot further than
that definitely um but I still just feel
like me living in my house is my dog and
my boyfriend making videos for you guys
and ultimately trying to make as many of
you half as happy as possible and then
when things like this happen like
amazing opportunities come along all the
time some of which I'm too scared to do
which you will never know about which
amazing still but I think no I can't do
that and others which I think that that
is honestly a once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity and although I felt like I
didn't deserve it and I felt like I
don't know I don't I don't know how I
felt I felt very like I don't deserve to
be made into a wax figure and put in
Madame Tussauds I was also thinking this
is like one of the coolest things ever
like imagine in ten years time
when I mean I could still be doing this
I might not be but I can tell my kids
like oh they once made a wax figure out
of me like out of me they didn't make
out of me they once made a wax figure of
me but it Madame Tussauds it's like you
have to like think beyond like the now
you have to think beyond what will
people think like this is this is crazy
like youtubers are like taking over now
we're gonna be in Madame Tussauds like
it is hashtag team Internet like all the
way like the power of you guys and the
power of the Internet literally blows my
mind every single day I also just hit 3
million subscribers on this channel
which I feel like this is like the
perfect like we're home for 3 million
and also being made to works bigger it's
just insane
like I started this in my bedroom and I
have a book and I have products on the
shelves and Superdrug
and I'm able to make so many of you
happy just by doing the one thing I
started off doing five years ago that
I'm still doing today and that makes me
so incredibly happy and this is
definitely up there with the top five if
not top three coolest things that have
ever come out of what you guys give me
which I am so grateful for like so
grateful for the fact that you will
watch this and the fact that you follow
and support everything I do but not just
me everyone else who has a space on the
internet everyone else who does this
because they love it because they love
you I just feel like we're kind of we
just we're like taking over the world
and I love it I freaking love it
so basically myself and Alfie went and
had our measurements done for our wax
figures even saying that is really weird
really weird but overriding goal and we
went to London and we were measured by
an amazing team they were all so lovely
and I just found the day so interesting
like yes okay it's really cool boom into
wax figure but you never actually think
about the process behind that and oops
and we were just so excited to tell you
guys and we want you guys to also follow
us on the journey because obviously
we've only just been measured but there
are gonna be occasions where we meet our
play heads yes that is the thing that
happens you meet your play head so
obviously you want to be able to vlog
things like that as well and you guys
are the reason that that is that this is
even happening so obviously we want you
to be coming up perla we're coming along
on the journey with us so I'm very
excited I hope you are too and really
cool very overwhelmed and grateful and
thank you to everyone who requested for
me and Alfie to be made to wax figures
we did a little interview with the woman
at Madame Tussauds yesterday and she
asked us who we would like to see in
Madame Tussauds as like the next figures
and I said the rest of team Internet
because I feel like we could have our
whole like section I think it would be
really cool before I get emotional I'm
just gonna roll the clips from yesterday
PS I'm sorry that I got anxious I'm
sorry if I don't seem like myself in the
video I was very anxious I think because
I knew I was doing a very big and
exciting thing and when I when I know
it's big and exciting and they have to
be there I put a lot of pressure on
myself if you have anxiety or know
exactly what I mean and yeah so I
apologize for that but also it was fine
in the end
I managed to kind of stay calm through
the majority of the day so enjoy the
vlog I love you guys so much more than
you will ever know and thank you to
those of you that support me and believe
in me and here's to any other crazy
amazing opportunities for youtubers and
online creators who have this
overwhelmingly awesome positive
influence and that's not just me talking
about myself alfie that is everyone who
is someone that you watch online that
makes you smile and that is what makes
me happy is that it's being recognized
and yeah very cool very very cool Nala
is chewing Tonya and James Kishen nada I
was telling Jim about this the other day
because they got it for us for Christmas
stop and I told Jim that nyla always
bites the corner so we have to hide it
anyway I'm gonna stop talking about my
dog and I'm gonna let you watch
yesterday cuz it was a full I think all
day and give this video a thumbs up and
I love you and what does my life I
actually do think that a lot of the time
what is my life seriously like so many
pinch-me moments but I'm glad I get to
share them with you guys another is to
look she's looking for another cushion
to chew I know
maybe an outfit together
is holding the camera right now trip on
offense it's a very exciting day for
three of us she's already up for her
window 15 have you got the best view I'm
not sure how she's gonna feel where it
goes a lot faster than the car though I
think I'll be fine unless you might be
looking out the window trying to chase
she was really good on the platform so
she was a face at all by the station
near chicken my like know if I knew he'd
explain what's happening feel like no
one no way to London
just like you
it wasn't funny we nearly went back to
rights only didn't do the exciting
because I was like do this to me yeah
I've always upset about to because I'm
like it annoys me that I have anxiety
but then it also enjoys me that it stops
me doing things I really want to do you
worry that's one thing my CVT lady is
always telling me oh she's like you have
to take the focus off with you know take
the focus off with them put it back onto
you my girl because I'm thinking other
people gonna be annoyed relay on my body
what we're gonna do and then she's like
it's cuz I've been crying but we are in
a car
but that was wonderful train and went
home you don't really ever talk about it
much but it is annoying on manual a
regular means everyday on everyday basis
probably doesn't help and I should not
eat sugar no one let me eat sugar today
I'll see this is what the city this is
where we we have a rise in building I
still have to do my eye makeup but hello
you having fun we've set up a little
thing for her and poppy any distraction
look how cool the view is out of here
look
there's Big Ben and the Thames and right
there is the London Eye you can actually
even see people in it so cool I'm
feeling it's really nice Bobeck I think
it helps that it's like Sarah liked and
the ceilings are high we're looking at
eyeballs I'd say that you this one's
quite sorry that's my eyeball oh cool
it's really cool in here we're just
about to do some what are we doing there
so one of these might might potentially
be my eye color I love that imagine if
you just have that your hands will be
wax your head
the head looks into segmented by day and
then older arms and
- you
he just they press too hard so I bite
down normally yeah they're just just
quite gently
and then if you push press to the back
again to turn you can feel that person
oh yeah all the details and I'm so cold
I've put a little black gave me suppose
it's like one of the drawbacks of having
a big amazing building is that it's
quite it's really cool though they use
all these old-school like what are they
cool the things that look like giant
tweezers it's so hard to sit straight
like this for a long time especially
when they're like dude
boy that's just a good girl to go into
the expression okay
Oh Dottie
yeah
like giant tweezer
yeah while accordion Calot calibers
caliper cannot this was the original
thing I sucked on that's where my bum
went okay your face is why for having
these much chicken pox well that'd be a
bit moldy boys that one none there I was
I really liked Alfie's hair right now
look at it
I'm a mess it's quite loose these are
the teeth I was actually a really I was
one of the bleached teeth
actually I was very chuffed
these are gum shades yeah these are the
gum shades
Alfie's teeth my teeth
all right so I am actually donating my
outfit
this little Topshop number of mine that
I've worn a few times are the little
cover my disco pants and some black
chunky boots because I felt like that
was very me and when I asked you all on
Twitter what you thought was a very kind
of me out there
no I didn't donate my underwear of a lot
of you said stripes disco pants chunky
boots and Peter Pan collars and I feel
like I kind of did that with this outfit
so but is my outfit goodbye goodbye
outfit goodbye to me I've donated outfit
won't charge you admin fees if you make
changes to your policy Thank You mr.
hope that was great can we just have the
word insurance up here that
