hello everybody um look at this lovely
picture behind us look at that all my
friends on holiday look there's Jim
looking lovely James come to play yes so
Jim has come to play and we're gonna
have a zip zoom enjoy enjoy them I'm joy
we can have a gym and Zoey day today
another as well which is good cause we
don't have these often do it we don't
really hang out just me and you anymore
I know back in the old day you mix days
it would like a weekly thing Jim came
running in like I'm gonna leave oh my
god when are we myself and my gate
wouldn't open a pod by that way look at
my stomach just look a big bulge and I
just really didn't we pregnant we we
know oui oui baby oui baby yeah and then
much better now
yeah I don't like a horse wait was it
like coming out what's doing is that Jim
because you're too tall for the Yankees
yeah um so we're off the tangles we're
also very hungry and it's a lovely
beautiful day again today which just
puts me in a super mood and let's just
make sure although you got you more like
a hoodie and other jackets I thought oh
my nobody's woman brightening I'm going
on a t-shirt yeah party there's like no
wind so everyone's going to the beach we
should go to the beach later after look
I've got technology effect to get her
nails trimmed
I'm sure you'll really like that yeah
want me to ask them for you they can
always throw out your anal glands as
well yeah they've done that for a few
times so anal glands yes oh no they
don't push them back up they squeeze
them and then a secretion comes out that
smells like fish well sorry you don't
see them they're like
apparently they're ten to two of the
bumhole inside um but yes now look okay
right she's trying to take on Fang
not good idea let's go let's go should
go should we go come on where are we
that's it off to the front door comes
this restaurant which I thought pops
would help me a million times but we
need to go there cuz it looks so cool
yeah and it's really cool
Christian um and we really like this I
really like it it's so flat it's called
a succulent yes it is oh look at you
with your succulent now that's down here
she's got some water you being a good
girl the cup cuteness is the secular
area its to fit in draw a corny
okay
very cool and the menu you have so many
good things
anything I never wanted being very good
so is Jim Jim's being very good as well
email oh wow thank you that's so cool I
got homemade lemonade mmm
dinner is served oh my goodness look how
good this looks I've gone for the
halloumi and fried egg burger which now
yeah and fries and Jim's gone for half
the chicken hello halloumi slab and
we've got some homemade sauces that are
named after jazz player yes
anyway this is amazing and I get it
look how good you're being you sat in
the window yeah I know she's just sat
down the whole time me and Jim are in
the lanes now very very busy we've been
stopped a few times a few times when I
thought I don't think I'm gonna be able
to meet that didn't rework do it Jim it
could have gone smoother we got down
half the lanes and then we realized it
just wasn't happening yeah lots of
people around it's half term it's sunny
so that's everyone's outside because
it's sunny
we've got no everyone we didn't really
blend in no not really
and then just to top it all off my worst
nightmare happened
oh yeah Nana pooed
I was trying to have a photo someone in
the middle of the road because the lanes
is like it's not a main road but they're
like tiny little lanes and then a lorry
decided to come down yes
so she was pooing and I was like they
take a photo I need to get a poop bag
and we Scout the road because a lorry is
coming and then we couldn't find the
blue bag I don't think you packed them I
was looking for a while I almost just I
ate in the end a nice stranger gave us a
tissue Jim wanted to do it because I
loved us all stuff I was always
intrigued fine but it was like I wasn't
expecting it it looked like it's gonna
be runny but it's like a pebble yeah
solid I mean it's only small little mark
I just broke off the I just broke off a
scab a scab no one had left us this
Misha's wet patch on my t-shirt I wonder
if he's way off who could it be
my dinner was really nice though yeah
and it is lovely getting to meet so many
of you I always I always loved it I love
a good chat you know if you're in if
you're in the right mood and the
weather's nice there's nothing better
hang out and chat for a while and
everyone was in such a spirit yeah and I
think just because like I said it's a
day off for me so I'm just hanging out
I've got nowhere to be
yeah why not just a chat exactly okay
back we'll go back and get a little
drink finola just got back from the vets
where Nala had her nails trimmed and her
anal glands expressed now I can't
imagine that's a nice procedure hockey
Jen I'm also getting a spot here in my
nostril in my nostril like this bit it's
painful the worst I was just saying if
it gets to that point where you thought
you could save it but it's probably not
gonna get to that point
oh don't squeeze it until it gets to
that point because if you if you squeeze
it now you're gonna make it worse and
more painful you have to wait till it's
got like there's ready to go and then
there's my little nudge it'll go and
tell them it's not worth the time it's
like a constant need of wanting to
sneeze yeah what are you barking at what
do you know that what's wrong don't
about sight today
Jim's offering I'll do it all right I
can't even tell you this mouth if you've
got a dog and you have to do that then I
salute you because I can't do that
Jonathan does it to his dogs and he's
tried to show me how to do it and I
can't do it and the smell is too much
for me it doesn't smell how you think it
would smell it smells like copy decks
Jim copy decks glue well that's what she
wanted she wanted to stick a little
socks there Jim thanks very much
it was quite a little sporty once that's
not what these daffodils you all saw
with my bloomin Wilde and they didn't
even bloom
they didn't bloom and they've died and
there's enough water in there as you can
see there's
Sonlight I just I'm not too sure what
went wrong here how do you kill
daffodils like daffodils like the easy
thing they grow on the side of the road
no so I don't know whether I got a bunch
that had maybe I think maybe they were
in the post for too long or something
like something stopped them growing
because they have some of them haven't
even like they've not even opened so I
think them coming to me in the post
maybe got too hot and it's done to their
growth which is very sad what you're
gonna do nothing scented your growth did
it Jim emotionally affected by flowers
maybe I should be you seem really
devastated by it well you know I just
every week I get my little package and I
get very excited and you know yeah these
are so springy
I'm crispy I should probably throw them
away I mean why are they still on my
table
spring spring has sprung I've touched up
my make up because me and Jim are going
to film a video I am very excited I
don't actually remember the last time I
filmed a video with Jim so this should
be very fun Nullah down here is so
sleepy I was just touching up my makeup
and she fell asleep on my feet upstairs
it's so cute
look how tiny she looks like you oh my
god I just love her so much
but yeah they are gonna go film now and
it's gonna be fun and it is a video but
I haven't actually done before I kind of
have on someone else's channel but I've
never not on mine and it's the sort of
video that always makes me laugh so
always film that on my channel I don't
know when it's gonna go up but it's
quite nice to have videos in the bank
that's what we like to call it videos in
the bank you're gonna find me lonely too
a shadow this is my outfit for today by
the way guys I've got like a strapless
bra ROM with this kind of knitted what
the only problem with it is that
keep doing that with this knitted top
from primark and then these trousers
from Miss Selfridge Ã³rale Topshop oh
these are Topshop actually that I wore
quite a lot during autumn but I still
quite liked them so what would wear them
for today and I have these little arm
bangles I'm so unsure about these
because I don't know whether they kind
of look unflattering because like the
arm fat gets kind of squishy I don't
know I mean there's not really a lot of
arm fat there I know you're all
screaming that maybe there is that Irene
now anyone got any been going see like
that when you do that you go up my
muscles um but yeah I see like but when
your arms like relaxed it looks quite
nice but then the minute you're like oh
yeah look at that
it's like bulgy in a bit kind of yeah
I'm setting up in here got a bit of
James Bay on I really like his album
right now by the way um aunt bee are
going to gym taking off your apron just
before I'm about to film you in it do
you think you're doing just looks so
amazing thank you this is my attire with
these I'm not sure my skirt I don't
think very pretty thank you I've got
retinol we have just filmed for Jim's
channel a baking video should I show
them what they look like Jenna look at
these this area makes me very happy
Rolo the belly button area like this
Rolo we type part is making me very
happy
well once we get focused all the hugging
but that's okay because they'll come
apart and Jim went for a belly button
Rolo on one of his yeah we didn't want
to do on all of them just in case it
didn't work yeah no which we had they
look really good but you can watch that
on Jim's channel at some point I'm not
sure when these are gonna go out no nose
who knows as I was saying it's always
good to bank videos it is cuz you never
know we're very busy people nowadays you
know we can't just always have a video
ready so it's nice to have some in in
the backlog in the backlog
but it was really fun and we haven't
quite finished the video yet but we're
going to wait for these to cool down and
then finish off they smell amazing I
can't even tell you how much they smell
good good so it'd be good but yeah
awesome high five
we turned into weird like America weird
like 60s American TV TV kids presenting
okay go away it got weird I'm not sure
how much I'm gonna edit out I think you
should leave all in we've ordered a
pizza face I've not had this since the
night before my birthday so I would say
that's been a fair while to be honest
look I mean longer than I would have
liked so we're gonna wait for that and
then we'll probably have a cookie and
then Jim probably has to go home I mean
it's already 9 o'clock and I've just
ordered pizza and that could take like
40 minutes
where's no Allah Oh is she oh look a
little head cover easier and watching
our video which was tiny giving you a
pedicure it's not the best thing I've
ever in my life because you don't see
your face you just see your feet I've
debated it you're like yeah I don't
actually that bad and then you just see
time again come on engine yeah she Clips
your toenails off your dead skin why is
nothing as a good idea I don't know I
wish you would send me the links like a
pro deleted it funny why don't you
reenact that as a video absolutely no
because about three people watched it
and the rest of the views were you
I've seen you the most embarrassed I see
because you didn't know it was up this
is the thing right it's that so many
youtubers happy is that they don't
realize it's still there is there when
people go fishing yeah I think someone
linked me that's how I felt this is one
thing I don't get embarrassed by much
but old videos get me like a people
watching out for watching any of my
videos when I'm in the room it makes me
cringe particularly old ones gone like
oh I'm doing why am i such a child or
look like an idiot what to do with my
face in my hair and my voice I hate
myself doing you I say to you on YouTube
makes you really paranoid about your
everything like editing yourself and
realizing that you can't talk properly
and that your face is a bit lopsided you
need a haircut
it's just horrible don't do it yeah it's
not really a much of a self-esteem
booster there no but all the comments
are lovely yeah you and Alfie share that
same thing if I put one of Alfie's old
videos on for the lulz he honestly like
slams my laptop down leaves the room and
says if you don't turn it off and come
back yeah Marcus gets reimbursed a
binman marques lasting then he does love
bin man is it can you watch the other
channels no he's unlisted it but we did
get to watch it the other night
you've missed bin man you're so long for
long he made like a superhero parody
video about a bin man hey basically I
can't remember a while ago watching hell
doesn't he just wear a bin bag yeah and
then throws crisps down the path and
then if he kind of has a conversation
with himself that's right yeah there's
brilliant other things amazing
maybe you should do a reenactment of bin
my tweet markers don't bring back bin
man should we hash tag it and try get
try because he um hasn't deleted that
it's still there private it isn't it
better now
yeah just hashtag bring back bring back
in man do it everyone do it he'll be so
confused when's this video going up
tomorrow should we do it tomorrow
hopefully everyone will get on board and
I just that's market but
let's bring back bin man
and then I'm gonna tweet you bring back
ring trends you've got one in here
that's spring trends number one bring
backs get off my channel
bring back spring trends and David
Beckham hair channel I hate you or bring
back what are you wearing on the streets
of London with me oh the fashion video
after edit it
you know I started my channel years ago
I'm not you like function and same you
got back in you well know it liked it I
just didn't think anyone would care on
the internet if I thought you know what
I don't care if no one cares you know a
bit like a floating head from this right
let's tweet let's tweet market yes
Marcus Butler bring back bin man tweet
so I would do the grand reveal
oh I always go for a margarita with
cherry tomatoes and mascarpone yeah okay
really yeah Jim's gone for proper ham
and poni proper ham and pineapple good
right yeah very excited to do this looks
like you've just got mascarpone on one
salary that's do any size you need it on
yes enjoy thanks gyms gyms off oh he's
had enough of us Nala all right hey what
is most most most rude Jim Bob anyway
thank you so much for coming to hang out
with me today I've had an awesome day
two German Zoe's adventures yeah Jimmy's
know he's a big day out jimin's every
big doubt I mean sometimes I wonder
because we do get sticky weird
yeah we have construed qualification
so never with either you or joke
conversation isn't weird quickly I'm
starting to wonder why maybe me and Joe
just were weird why don't I because I
feel great but weird it does to be
honest you're engaging in the
conversation so actually a lot of the
time conversation is mostly lowered by
Jim's
yes/no Nollan Allen Allen Allen are to
come here please
anyway see you later Jim I'm gonna end
my video here now too because I'm gonna
go to bed and watch
once upon a time because I love it yeah
he's calling again just to say he's
outside I'm gonna pick Nala up so she
doesn't run out
