good morning everybody I thought I would
vlog today I have quite fun day I think
I mean you never really know how a day
is gonna go out to be honest but I am
currently in town left Alfea in bed
surprise surprise
I'm coming to the hairdresser's because
my hair has grown a lot I feel like um
and as it's so thick I feel like it's
quite heavy at the bottom so we're gonna
get get that thinned out maybe get a bit
of layering in and I'm thinking of my
purpose London what am I do so I'm
taking you along with me I also need to
buy wrapping paper for Darcy's present
its Darcy's fourth birthday if you don't
know Hugh Jass years she is my best
friend Louise aka spring of litters
daughter I have known her her whole life
not Louise Darcy and I am going to hers
tomorrow for a little party so I've got
all her prezis I just need some like
cool wrapping paper but I don't know
like you kind of have to get into the
mindset of a four-year-old and I'm not
sure what wrapping paper she would
really like like I am like oh I want to
get something so pretty and cute but I
don't know whether she would prefer like
frozen because she loves frozen and I
don't know I wasn't you to get her a
card and yeah that is what I'm doing and
then later on Joe and Alfie Joe and
Alfie Joe and Caspar are coming over
we're gonna film some videos so let's go
we've got my umbrella didn't I
so now I have to go back and get it
because although it's spring it's really
very many haha I love rain don't really
he likes rain do love my umbrella it's
like a cocoon I can still see out of it
don't know if this is in focus but I
just met the cutest little boy and as he
left you in love you was like cute
get it in time but
so I currently look like this I'm
basically having an anxiety attack in
the hairdresser's which it's really
embarrassing
I've invented this room talk about a
little bit this is one of the many
drawbacks of having anxiety and panic
attacks is that they can spring on
whenever so it's not having your hair
done lovely experience very exciting and
you have to keep getting up and leaving
and sitting by the window because you
get to action
she's doing a bit of people-watching
it looks so good
Thanks so I really like it Alfie will
you like hold it and then oh there we go
then you can see it better in the light
little blondie buttons me you need to do
your like hair shoes you thing feels you
can see it all there we go lovely
perfect without bein ala to sign the
window oh my hair's got a bit funny
because the ring got to it so it's gone
like kinky but I absolutely love it
Patrick and Phil did an amazing job
I missed the blonde in my hair so now it
is back and look who else is back back
back back again again again no sons back
back back and his friend the boys just
had a gbk and I was gonna get gbk but
then me and Alfie had to quickly leave
because there was a lot of people and
Nala was actually getting quite stressed
out about it she was like oh I don't
like it
so the boys had veggie became and then
they brought me back one look at this
sperm did Liam yes it comes in this cute
little box on the top I really like this
Beth these fries are life
they are the bet on this dip garlic
males over that puppy's OE yes I got it
man have you tried that no dip those in
that and tell me what you think
already ate my own bodyweight and these
things Thompson comes out it's okay
it's very lemony look maybe it's got
lemon in it I don't know I think I was
weird
yeah you don't like anything that anyone
else likes basically everyone loves
frozen Joe hates it everyone loves
garlic mayo Joe hates it
stop eating my garlic mayo no he loves
new baths do you know he's really nice
so full that
oh it for you money but visually that's
massive and you read that much in one go
and of course you are you so is actually
meet Casper yeah you try plus I'm sure
it's like so yes now I'm hoping your
mouth so now I'll have some eight I'll
have some later I'm not in am NOT in a
mmmm eat food - you won't do that one no
I think I can say okay off-camera only
that only that
hey Bru yeah change max today that's
what we - when we're watching the rugby
well if we just filmed Casper oh you're
good deal like a I'm wearing my pajamas
today feel quite snug yeah guess what
guys I'm babysitting the boys Casper's
my babysitter um also I just want to
show you how cute my like little crazy
my phone what the hell well it's
charging weirdly is that your charger
yeah that's good that's something like
go so what I also just want to show you
how cute my fireplace looks because I
think it looks nice do you like it
Casper so we've got a eucalyptus plant
which isn't actually real my little
phone which is real these which are
little copper tea lights on a slate I
think I've got this from not on the high
street I've got a little yeah it's
online it's really cool I've got this
little copper a from Oliver bonus for my
birthday
and I also got a Z which is on the other
side or Zed and then down here we've got
these two copper plant pots which I got
from gleam and I've got an orchid in one
and a little succulent in the other one
fresh bunch of flowers and my little
copper Primark lights around those and
then some lanterns that I picked up from
various places I think mostly home
scents or TK Maxx
or t.j.maxx if you are in the United
States and then in the windows we've
just got these little candles burning I
think it feels very homely oh and this
is from not on the high street as well
which i think is really cool it's like
3d it's all like paper heart so one side
of the heart is stuck down and the other
one isn't I like it I feel like the
house is feeling more homely now it was
clean but now it just looks messy from
all the equipment I guess also my bags
are everywhere
yes and here is the kitchen and I do
like my little copper lamp and the cute
little fairy lights outside and some
candles burning yeah some Fotis me and
Alfie there's a lot there actually let's
spread those out I like putting some up
here as well it's me and my dad
basically giving you a living room tour
and then there's Casper on the sofa
my babysitter this cushion is from next
I really like it it's got like shiny
copper II triangles on it what the
cushions just feel like it all ties in
quite nicely yes I like it I like it a
lot
there's a picture of me and Jo over here
actually a viewer printed this out and
put this in the frame for me which is
really nice of them I thought filming is
all done me and Jo have just filmed a
very funny video actually - very funny
videos did you like them were they fun
yeah yeah did they were very fun today
also filmed with Casper though so well
you can you both in your black t-shirts
all videos coming out in like a few
weeks yeah I'll just coming out a few
weeks you have to wait for that one but
mine and Jo's is coming out Sunday one
of the ones for my channel was pretty
disgusted in to be honest
and we've got dinner now even though
it's really late I'm cooking dinner
while the boys have laptop club look at
them all
it looks like you're sponsored by Apple
it is super late I fed the boys you want
a puppy
look she's awake she's like what do you
want oh no Nala hates the song it's like
it's like something bursts in my throat
Donna hates the song rather be by clean
bandit for some reason we were trying to
work out which part the song it was we
continuously but Susie isn't first no
breast plate song isn't it begun yeah
yeah I know a blesser I think it's the
violins anyway I'm very very tired so
I'm gonna go to bed now so I'm gonna
leave these little red shoes are we
having it's up to you there's one with
an ensuite and one without so you can
toss you can toss a coin same bedroom
anyway you should assure better you
there's two beds ready and you want to
show one will be lost in the night and
Worf we'd kiss yeah well there you go J
he's got super self dawg let Casper's
got my pajama bottoms oh yeah it's got
my little pooch over Sony's make them
look quite stylish give your Nan's
thanks Paula Jenny's pajama pants with a
big one what a big bold the word bulge
is so gross isn't it
huh nope no doorknob
another better nicer handle
goodbye good night say good night good
night good night subscribe
