morning hello Missy hello who we have
had a breakfast if I get Kylie delivered
by Abby's parents they came to pick up
buzz and I had a sausage burger with
brown sauce delicious and now Louis and
Alfie adjust in his office chili and I
think Louise leaving thinks he's going
to Dubai tomorrow but I just wanted to
vlog this this is called bloomin wild
and I signed up for it's kind of like a
flower subscription service which i
think is genius because not everyone can
like get to a florist but it's quite
nice to have flowers in the house I
don't know like these are from bloomin
wild for example so I had this delivery
I think last week or the week before and
this was the next one oh this looks nice
you never know what is going to arrive
and it comes kind of flat like this so
it can go through your post box look how
skinny so it comes through your post box
and then you get it and you basically
just put it in two of ours and easy
flowers and there we go that's them all
done they look so pretty and I can tell
you now they smell amazing and just in
case you're wondering they've not sent
them to me themselves they haven't
contacted me they've not asked me to
mention these in my blog I just really
really liked the service because I love
flowers a lot and I particularly like
the wild kind of flowers so that is why
I really like those flowers directly hey
hey I like your flowers smell them they
smell great
Oh flowers yeah smells so good I want to
sniff it now oh really does I don't know
what these are but they're amazing
pretty oh and there's me and Louise I
love that photo we took this in snoopers
paradise because there's a photo booth
in there you guys probably know because
I take photos with everyone in there and
every time some
comes to stay I'm like let's go to
paradise
did you know though they actually keep
the digital copies of every single
person's voter that goes in and has a
photo so if you go into that photo booth
and you decide you get parts of your
body out not that I have ever done that
but I've just heard from someone that
works there that has happened a few
times they can all see it so my mind
Louise off now I'm not jealous at all I
like this way of sitting alfie hairy
frog I really like your jumper today
Alfie every day I'm finding something
you're wearing that you really like
Johnston's no I actually do really like
it
Nala this is Christmasy though we need
to get a sofa throw that isn't
Christmasy we've got that 12,000 sofa
throws know their dog blanket they are
not the same because they walk bonds on
them nothing
she wants me yeah that's right Nala you
come to me yes you know I'm the best she
loves this chicken do you love me and
you love the chicken
oh you want the chicken you make it good
make it come here cut Oh fine there you
go
I'll put him there for you she kissed
him we kissing him Nala it's not as
boyfriend he's that your boyfriend now
that's got boyfriend guys no you'd think
it was about time we introduced you to
him mommy I got very very important
thing to do should we call this chicken
Marc well I just look so good in this
picture
are you ready to see it because my face
definite wasn't on the fold of the
magazine
like you've melted and half your face is
split in the middle Anna Jonathan Amelia
and Eduardo are currently on their way
over and I have like 45 minutes to spare
so I was like come make some cookies now
I'm not going to take credit for these I
think Anna has used this recipe Viviana
this makeup and also Tanja uses this
recipe as well so I've basically taken
it from those two so you will need
let me grab the stuff basically these
are the cookies that everyone loves any
time I've ever baked these people are
just like how did you make these so I
just thought I'll make some and they
might like them and you guys might like
to make them as well
first thing you want to do is pre-heat
your oven to 200 degrees Celsius okay so
you will need 200 grams of baking butter
I like to use this because I don't know
it just makes the cookies taste nice and
that has to be at room temperature so
I've not left this out for very long but
hopefully that will be fine you can
always put it in the microwave for a
teeny tiny bit one large egg
I only have medium eggs I don't know how
much of a difference that makes we'll
soon find out I like to use white
chocolate and dairy milk chocolate and
it says that just need to use a large
bar but pretty much you can just kind of
hurt as much or as little chocolate in
it as you want cocoa powder you need 75
grams of that you need 300 grams of
caster sugar and you also need 275 grams
of self-raising flour and then I have a
bowl here for mixing and a phone that
has run out of charge so I'll leave that
there
you want to also get your baking trays
ready at this point
I always think because it's nice it's
kind of nice to get the boring stuff out
the way and then it's all
okay greaseproof paper on two trays jack
first thing you're going to want to do
get your bowl let's move this out the
way get your bowl don't need a pound
coin and you want to put the butter and
the sugar into the bowl and mix
basically I you can use an electric
mixer I actually quite like to use a
wooden spoon to be honest good old
classic wooden spoon 200 grams of butter
into a bowl we now need 300 grams of
caster sugar
that is a lot of castor sugar
Oh 302 that's gonna really annoy me so
I'm gonna take two grams out in guys
they're sugar plus this is really good
for your guns
okay we wanted to look a little bit like
this so it's all smooth and creamy okay
now it is time to crack in the egg into
the bowl I'll be totally honest I'm not
sure I can do this with one hand the
skills are not there the skills are not
there for one hand okay I've just I've
made a hole in the egg this isn't good
nope okay cameras going down I really
have eggy hands now
how cute is this tea towel it has little
cloves on it okay once you've
successfully or unsuccessfully crapped
in your egg you just want to mix it all
together
generally holding the bowl that would be
good next part is to throw in all the
other dry ingredients so the 275 grams
of self-raising flour and the 75 grams
or cocoa powder I'm going to do it a
little bit at a time just so it's not as
difficult to stir in
we weave in the garden okay next I am
pushing in the 75 grams of cocoa powder
look how delicious that is and I am just
gonna mix this until my arm aches so
much I want to chop it off and never eat
cookies ever again this is the fun part
now where we can add in all the
chocolate and mix up together to create
little balls that we then put onto the
baking sheets to bake so let's break up
some chocolate I've gone for milky bar
because I love white chocolate Milky Bar
to be precise and I've gone to Dairy
Milk because that is the best form of
chocolate and I know that you might all
be a bit divided in the comments you're
either I always say this you're either a
galaxy lover or a Cadbury's lover never
met anyone who's a Hershey's lover
though so if you're one of those let me
know look at all the chocolaty goodness
hmm
okay now you just want to mix this in
you could use the spoon or you could
stick your hands in and get a little bit
messy and I will get back to you when
I'm putting the balls on the tray rules
on the tray the balls of dough on the
tray
okay so I have rolled the cookies into
kind of balls and I did put four on here
originally but I was scared they would
really spread out so I've got another
baking sheet so I've got ten overall and
I'm gonna put those in for ten minutes
make cookies didn't I they got cookie
boys yeah you excited no good massive is
there more than four yeah okay it's
gonna say because I think there's a few
million four of us we can make
they're big make them even yeah when I
made them was Jamie literally he did
them like this big I did them
golf-ball-sized and he was laughing his
head off at me like they're way too big
I really like they're like look so good
when they're so big obviously you can
make them smaller than this if you
really want to but I think because the
chocolate in it is so chunky you kind of
want them to be big either way you're
gonna take one bite into it it's just
gonna be one piece of chocolate yeah I
got two in there at the moment two trays
and then we'll pop the last one in when
it's done look easy yeah hi Amelia I
just hope she doesn't jump up at Eduardo
she's good no she hasn't jumped up at
Amelia or Eduardo but she did jump up at
Jonathan so maybe it she just knows not
the kids yeah did she get okay can you
guys smell cookies I can smell the
cookies they're like this need each one
no no no they're not they're not quite
done yet in 20 seconds they'll be done
we didn't time it just right cookies are
done oh my god the plate is so heavy I
can't even lift it
tada once you take these out the oven by
the way guys you want to leave them for
like 20 to 30 minutes do you want one
yeah go and then be careful it might
break it's like the size of a face the
cookies so good okay thank you
would you like your own one Anna are you
sure yeah yeah yeah I just make them
you want a little play are you guys
enjoying those cookies Emilia is that
nice Eduardo you're looking on the with
Eduardo is that nice
is that nice yeah what's she doing in
Juarez
what's she doing la are you gonna stand
up okay you'd never be able to tell he's
had a cookie where's that uh where's
that uh oh
she's eating her food hello
so I think the cookies went down really
well and I said it was the best cookie
she's ever had honestly is the best
rocky and I'm not really into chocolate
but it was amazing it's the white
chocolate that's all yeah it tastes like
cheese I want to just make the texture
yeah I want to send Anna off in the
bake-off because so yeah you'd be good
in the baker no you we should have an
overlay Alfie trying to bake are you
good no did you don't see that pudding
at Christmas Beach why oh yeah
she's to faster maybe suit you Elfie
unit wardo like much like your outfit
Hey he's lost a shoe Amelia what are you
singing
what you watching guys are you watching
a bug's life Alfie you so excited -
which bug fly on sir I do realize this
yeah this is actually a really good film
you excited me here have you seen this
before it's a little bug do you know he
is he's mad
like hiding niylah niylah
we're now having takeout zzs so i got
pasta and pizza because I didn't know
which one I wanted so it's cut by what
have you been as well yeah I copy Alfie
and I got the package eating with a
fiery chili massive Chili's in look at
the size of this chili oh wow that's
normally in there right and I've got the
pro linguini yeah it was really good it
was a good window I ate my Chili's
unlike them there you go he did and it's
like ballsy she's like sacrifice hey
mummy immediate haven't forgotten kids
sorry that Oh Eduardo Eduardo scared
no I had her bed yeah no no it's a sleep
in the bed and I'd wander went over and
was like he was just like face-to-face
what's that what are you doing
that fan
let me give you what was that for
from Elfi why did he give you that why
did he give you a present what you want
I'm just ending my vlog because I've
been doing that you know ending them
myself
have you not noticed that what your one
last vlog you did yesterday I'm immune
to rogues now yes I tell everybody why
you started vlogging again because I
really miss it but because of you if
anything I kind of stop because of you
because I was like people are just gonna
be watching the same thing on both our
channels no you did not stop because of
me because one of the reasons no it was
it
no what happened is that I said you need
to talk daily vlogging again it'll get
you up doing more everyday being more
like upbeat and fun and happy and
everything like that and enjoying
everything more and you're like yeah
yeah yeah and then you tried it and then
that day you're like let's go to the gym
but just like the least like you thing
in the world and then thing you said to
me today
knocking my day makes me more motivating
than you said to me today things I
really wanna know rogon again how much
happier binner stuff so thanks to me and
if I do worry my friend points I do
worry that it's kind of I like think cuz
a lot of couples who daily look how much
makeup my head looks can I hold out my
hands I suppose who day vlog vlog
together one channel like how many
couples you do that live I don't know
how many couples you know that live
together that daily vlog separately when
you Jamie none tiny Jeb occasionally but
none because also by ideally I don't
want taken over at your channel ideally
it would be awesome to have one channel
and then have two cameras and then just
in to cut both all day that would be
awesome but it's like the commitment of
a joint channel I never yeah for sure
but then I worry that people are like
why would we watch both of your logs
when you're doing the same things living
in the same house you're living the same
day you know what I mean but I feel like
we both have different we both we both
have I want to set up a bit more what we
both have different points of view of
the day I suppose I would love quite
differently I wanna know in the comments
why you love vlogs so much because I
personally love them because it's like
that is that is like close as you're
gonna get all all being the fact that we
can edit this to look however we want it
to and all you guys remember always a
remote audience you only get to see like
15 20 minutes of a day it's 24 hours 24
hours some people can be very different
on camera than what they are in real
life people could have a really really
hard time going through a really tough
patch of their life I know it's horrible
things but you would never know because
they're just trying to vlog positive
bits and like I don't know it's like
it's like one of those things like you
never know what's behind closed doors
about somebody not lately but what I was
saying was so I would be really
interested to know what you love about
vlogs because I do think this is as much
of us the
like this is like so it's so like
intimate like even the fact that we're
like filming us in bed at night I don't
have a bra on let me just check you or
you actually can see my nipple great the
whole time well there we go um but yeah
I I love vlogs I love watching blogs I
like what you're blogging your age I
don't really I feel like I am there with
them I can appreciate that it's 10 15
minutes of someone's day and things can
get massively blown out of proportion
tiny teeny tiny things because that's
all they've got to kind of work on and I
really enjoy watching people live it's
like I was always obsessed with the Sims
I feel like vlogs are literally
life-sized notably Colette no but they
can control that life somebody if I need
my coffee like out for your new haircut
like rubbish please don't cut it like
that again I'll probably think maybe I
got that again maybe doesn't suit me
they can't kind of control it like if I
was like oh not at which I'm gonna I
don't know pair of jeans together I get
these black ones or these blue ones and
people decide like it is kind of like
The Sims and I'm like do you not think
look like everyone we want to come and
meet you and playlists come to playlist
we fly to playlist end your blog anyway
just on a 15 minute run Boyle fee I'm
definitely gonna have to cut that down I
don't even know how much but I'm gonna
put grazie
basically all I wanted to say was I hope
you enjoyed today I had a lot of fun did
you have a lot of fun and I will see you
again tomorrow and thumbs up for me
actually finishing my vlogs for those
three days and it's late no it's not
really is it don't snow so hot time I
coughed and you're in bed at half ten no
I've got my laptop with me though huh
nothing good night night guys
