good morning is the first day of love
most
um me and Alfie as you will see in a
slight second have just been to get our
Christmas tree we topped Nala
off at Alfie's mums house so that she
wasn't getting bored driving around in
the car with us too much and coming in
looking at Christmas trees she's been
really good in the car we've got our
Christmas tree slight problem the stand
is crap and it doesn't hold the
Christmas tree and it's not even on the
floor so now we need to go back out as
we were going to anyway to go and
collect nyla again who you haven't seen
yet but I will obviously be showing her
in the videos and we're gonna go and get
understand because so far this is all we
have a Christmas tree
with a crappy stand but it's a nice one
it's a good'n
but anyway I will insert the clip of us
collecting a Christmas tree now we've
got the two guys is so big it can't even
fit in your camera
do you know what we have to do now drive
this home with my roof up yeah I know
guys they can't do delivery so we're
gonna have to stick this in Zoey's open
top or we are gonna wrap it first up in
that we're not just gonna drive that
crivit like this eat some oh yeah no
one's coming just gonna do it himself
I've never done this before they taught
me that why'd you just stick it in that
yeah I think you do bottom first oh yeah
it's not heavy
go out we go how are you gonna pull it
through
I feel really useless right now but
there is no way I can help this
situation maybe I should spend on the
other side oh it's going free now don't
break it
wait let me stand on the oh you thin it
swell don't Alfie why so just working my
tonight
careful don't try that yourself if you
don't know how to do it I wouldn't have
been able to do it
these trees smell so good guys I wish
you could smell them I'm just gonna have
a little sniff I know I look crazy there
are so many trees here though I felt
it's the 1st of December but I know a
hundred percent the second oh we need a
style yeah we need to stand do you want
ready oh well done red one or green one
I I say red quite festive or do you
think green to blend in with the truth
I'll be it's checking okay let's go do
it
I cannot post that by Elfie this is
gonna look ridiculous in my car
this is how the Christmas tree is
getting home
I'm gonna be a punk guy me and Alfie
have come too Alfie's mum's house to
pick up Nala he is this is her debut no
no oh no no no where are you going oh
and this is buzz oh they're both sat in
the same bed are they gonna play now so
this is alfea's mum and dad's pug and he
is a boy and then there's little Marla
who is the sister of buzz and she is me
and alfea's you're you're just you're
pouring off you think no bird so we've
come to collect this which is what we're
gonna put our Christmas tree in not us
giving a good little inspection and Buzz
has taken all his bed Yuri is flopped
and I'm also watching text Santa with
Phillip Schofield he's doing a live
24-hour broadcast so no breaks no sleep
I think he's having toilet breaks
obviously but how amazing is that and
it's for six charities all with amazing
causes so I've been donating and if this
vlog goes up and you fancy oh no birds
don't do that you're gonna play for me
now and your fancy donating then all the
information be in the description box
but I just thought I would leave that on
there because I've just been sat
watching it and he's just such a lovely
guy I've always thought Phillip
Schofield if you've watched my videos
for a while y'all know I love that it's
go field got to meet him this year cuz I
went on this morning he's just it's the
polite issed nicest guy ever and we've
got some brother and sister Lee loving
going on here or maybe not
eeep me when I think Nala just wants her
bed back she's like buzz this is my bed
so yeah you can donate that as well but
we're gonna go back now and we are going
to go and try and put this Christmas
tree up what we doing
we've got the tree up she's finally
going ah yeah now we need to cut them
out start from the bottom I will well
we're done let's hope that the best week
inside is here we can spin in more
looking out so we can know inside you
think yeah you want best look inside
inside
it do you not want to start from the
bottom what sorry hello Nana you been a
good girl she's so beautiful oh she's
just watching us put the Christmas tree
up but I don't think it's no greater are
we we're gonna let it drawn very very
excited for Christmas I've always found
it straight up for two months carries at
the tree up since January I've always
whenever I've got a tree done this right
so I've got out gone out bought the tree
cut it open and I've decorated it
straight because I'm so excited after
he's like no we must leave it outside
for two days then breach inside
opportunites do that's so pretty it's a
good height even though there's a chop
off the tree it's nice and bushy though
I like it
I think go the other way yeah that's a
good shape tree that I think that's good
yeah yeah apart from that little bulb
bit there wow that side yeah maybe we
can always just do a 360 mmm keep going
they're that good
or do you think what do you think you're
making some funny little noises um do
you want me to spin it so you can see
Alfie what do you think very career I
think I think where it was before yeah I
think there is good because there's like
equal amount on both sides once it drops
I think that will look really good okay
yeah yeah right now this is Rob nearly
there's a draw
okay let's do that look all Christmassy
this is my little father Christmas this
is actually one of my favorite little
Christmas things that I found this year
found this in TK Maxx it's a really cute
little foil Christmas cube and these are
all the decorations that we need to put
on the tree there are lots of them so
I'm currently up in my office space but
I'm going through all the letters and
presents that people gave me at my book
signings over the past week and I found
someone's camera in one of the bags
where do I actually put the bag I don't
know
but oh yeah in the bathroom um this is
Vicki's camera and she emailed saying I
think I left my camera in the bag
so I've got your camera I've actually
recorded you a little message on it so I
hope you don't mind but I'm gonna get
this sent straight back out to you as
soon as possible just found this which
is by Melissa Orr and look how freaking
amazing she is at art I mean there are a
lot of you that are very talented and I
get to see so many of your amazing
artwork but this is just like blown me
away look at this that must have taken
us so long is all done in pencil I think
partly a pencil oh my god thank you so
much Melissa amazing this is also such a
nice idea so you have this one it says
open when you get this open when it's
Christmas open when you're bored open
when you're upset open when you can't
sleep how cool are they like so I think
I might keep these next I bedside table
hey hello see so a lot of the fam enough
stuff has been sorted Nala has a lot of
toys so I have actually had to make a
little basket of knowledge oiss she is
loving this board you love the ball
don't you well you love the camera dude
look neither this nope a hug
she's such an affectionate little pooch
I can't be looking at all the pugs on my
dress just sat there now ready mrs. oh
you're so hyper just now you want it now
it looks so big oh she's so cute
you're taking it to the bed you playing
with it in bed she does have a selection
of beds this one's like the car / cozy
up bed oh she's like digs inside it you
should try to pull up the fabric what
are you doing doing you crazy this is
her favorite toy which is a pink
flamingo oh she's like yeah you're not
having that I love when she just like
runs around with it because it's so big
it looks really funny
Nullah is that your pink flamingo where
you going
oh just biting his head cash that's true
love right there chewing on heads you're
having a funny five minutes missus not
really tickled yes do that with flamingo
hello this is a little monkey that
someone got at one of the signings and
it is so you she loves it she's obsessed
with it it's got a squeaker in the
middle part and it's got I've got lunch
it's got what a narrow side it's got
like a crinkly bit on the bottom which
she loves this is the bit she's playing
with constantly the crinkly foot or tail
or something it's funny because she gets
a lot of toys and some of them show show
like immediate interest in like this one
she just grabbed and just fell asleep
with it straight away just sort of film
her forever
she looks quite big here I'm gonna zoom
out so you can see scale wise there's a
flamingo and there's no way there's my
foot which she's probably now gonna
nibble this is how compared to my foot
I'm a size three bear that in mind by
the way I'm not like a size 9
she's tiny hey baby
no don't run through my fingers don't
fight you my fingers look at your look
this is so soft this is back like old
times guys and then the broken alphas
are here because this is why she is
falling asleep and Nala the snuggled up
here with her sleeping so thanks
watching a blog did have just but
knowledge about Israel no but fit is a
tweet of her head if you enjoyed it give
it a thumbs up if you excite for vlogmas
give this video a thumbs up and Zoe
we'll see you tomorrow morning
say goodnight Zoe nikka one no said
you're not here so say goodnight do your
viewers
