just let the guinea pigs I put some
spinach in their little ball look at
Percy he's so cute
Oh get exercise for your boy you need
guinea pigs could stand on their hind
legs when they really want something
they'll do it I've also put some down
here
but Percy prefers to take out the ball
because he's much more playful whereas
Pippen is lazy and just eats out of the
pile as you can see their little ball
went down a treat they've literally
devoured the whole thing they absolutely
love those balls a little card arrived
in the post yesterday do excuse this one
this one is from Sean but our Weaver his
birthday but this one arrived and it's
for alfie but I opened two anyway cuz
he's not here and he's not gonna be here
until Sunday night so I thought I'd open
it and then he can see it in the vlog
it's from my mum and it says dear Alfie
happy birthday have a great day with lot
with love and best wishes Tracy couldn't
find a card with a pug on so this is the
next best that is a cute ass guinea pig
it looks like Pippin so cute I call
these cards cards and balloons
actually afternoon now just I have been
really busy this morning I've been
tidying looking very nice and I have
also just been trying to sort out lots
of things I want to film too bit main
Channel videos today because as I said
I'm going away for the weekend so I
would really love to have it up and
ready to go before I left so and I
didn't have to worry about it and also
the internet back at home is rubbish
compared to here so I'm not too sure how
that will upload I'm just about to make
myself some lunch
I've got asparagus and whatsoever
whatsoever whatsoever I can't say it
mozzarella ravioli and some know me your
son opened it tomato and buzzer buzzer
ravioli and buzzer whoa
so I'm gonna have shalosh and some other
SH and some fresh tomatoes methinks but
I need to boil the old kettle first and
get some get some boiling water on the
go so I can pop and pasture in there the
reason I haven't done my makeup yet is
because I want to do a makeup tutorial
I've been wearing that dark kind of
purply red lip and I want to do like an
autumn inspired makeup look and a lot of
you have really been liking it on my
vlog so I thought I'd do that on my main
channel so I'm going to attempt to do
that a bit and yeah and the other one I
kind of want to do like an autumn sister
by I just done a tutorial video which
will be going up on Sunday for this look
that I have done here it's quite brave
and a bit more bold but I am loving dark
lips right now so I wanted you guys to
have the option to do this as the autumn
comes around and Carrie helped me film
because I find tutorials so hard to film
because you have to kind of zoom in for
the eye and then you have to make sure
your focus and I move around a lot so
Carrie was behind going moving back it
was so much easier with someone helping
me I can tell you that so I'll edit that
later tonight and have that ready to go
by Sunday
I believe Tania and Jim have made their
way down to Brighton and they are with
Marcus anomie now having some lunch so
I'll probably pop out and meet them in a
bit and I will obviously bring you with
me most if I was like and I'm going to
leave you here
and I'm not going to film any of it
you'd be really sad wouldn't you yeah
anyway I am going to finish off some
more work stuff and then I will meet you
with tiny Jim know me and Marcus
near the whorehouse I just got my phone
away because I get really paranoid but
I'm gonna drop it to the cracks
this is quite nice being on it what
software you would and I think I'm gonna
get rid of my head I think it's all done
my head was
- blobbin
can everyone after me on my legs
so you might be wondering where obvious
well there he is
can you see them
minja muscle relaxants not as much as
you
behind me what are you doing back there
that's really embarrassing
it's a lot harder than you think that
was passion in that don't worry
oh that means Tom's not impressed okay
so we're at the pac-man smash hockey and
it last christmas jarnia I have a
feeling tirelessly to take this game
very seriously let me just warn you this
is the most exciting
big the smallest good better than the
grandest intention take it for me the
great so far
intending by doing yes that will bring
you much much reward right soft are more
treasure now I'm gonna go to bed and
wake up big big what does it say evening
I'll be sharing with you your fortune
then they can pause every day your heart
may be pleasant slow your mom your heart
may be pleased to know that there is
many a good man to be found under a
shabby hat you want to ride in my car
let's go
he go
that's still a thing the crazy throat
having a fighter taken and the little
doggies come in for the photo and this
girl studying he's good Oswald
you can't take him time you're never
gonna have your dog back now I'm sorry
goodbye my doggy friend use how much he
really just like became my best friend
in microseconds he has been the one he
has been the one for you yeah goodbye my
mongrel
it's just so funny bear is no today
we're just chillin lying on the beach so
comfortable right that's it
the boys have been throwing stones into
the sea they're really good at it they
can do it all the way from here I can't
do it watch
it's an underarm rubrum that's as far as
I can get it I need to go up don't I
I'm gonna go like a bit lighter so I up
yeah yeah pop more oh dang there have
you what oh okay yeah you need to sign
like that a big round one no go on no
moon wait trace I'm making marker sign
up for quick check is it so much fun
so you fancy game of supermarket sweep
yes
do you remember that okay you have to
find the inflatable banana no no okay
that's when to find cottage cheese
very silly it might be in there
brown rice I've let you go fast no no
I'm gonna go oh no not bad news brown
basmati rice all right I'll let you have
our first word to find
Cadbury's chocolate crunchies
mmm want some of these now my favorite I
like these night I've ever had those oh
my goodness look what I have found in a
UK supermarket ranch dressing I've got
some and some tampons whoo yeah Bethenny
Devorah Jim there's Christmas stuff in
Waitrose and ready they're still
deciding what they need to make the
perfect fajitas think we're done there's
an art to it
the real our seasonings yes you think
I'm gonna use Oh a company's done there
guys can I get some peppa pig spaghetti
for my dinner
I used to love picking my spaghetti well
I used to have the Thomas the Tank
Engine
what sauerkraut cabbage yeah pretty much
none like sour hello
does anyone want to do the baby food
challenge look at it looks like you seen
Dexter wear em at Marks and Amy's now
what did we do to you - and how do they
know anything
no oh they they just totally pranked me
and it's like 10 minutes everything you
have to go over to tongs channel to see
it this is from her perspective I'm home
alone I happen I've only ever been here
like an hour before I think I've never
said yeah but no happen so and then the
bell rings and I didn't know where it
was I was like oh my god oh my god oh my
god Lois I you can't be these guys as
long as they have house keys and they've
got all the way to wait trace so I
picked it up so little girl's voice
saying this when I'm in walks live and I
thought that it was a viewer so I was
like just moved here don't people know
where they live and then they were like
is that Tonya and it just sounded just
like a little girl so I was totally
freaked out and then you can see all
this like the whole confession time
having on the phone on a channel it's
three funny and then I just did it a
second time because I was when you
weren't looking we were like it with us
cuz she was like no I think was you guys
I'm really did a real fight with you
guys we were like oh and then Jim was
like you sneak back out and do it yeah I
always though he was the voice that is
there always to a little enter the most
yeah you go they can hear your voice on
my video yeah yeah I don't I could put
on really weird voices like I can do
some quite good voices yeah you can
that's why I was allotted to the M the
voice of the girl and then I did it
again and then that was my way of being
like Tom that was me but she didn't
really get it so she was like was i
agent then I was like yeah and she's
like is that you before no but yeah
so now it is my mission to prank Zoe
tonight so tan is now going to try and
prank me it might be hard considering
she knows she's gonna get pranked she
asked me how she could prank me as well
that was the best bit I'm just gonna be
like are you gonna go and confer with me
other contestants
oh okay shall I carry on staying here
then good bye guys enjoy the film
I'm leaving now because I've got lots of
stuff to do before tomorrow bye Jim I
don't know that's hard that's really
hard okay Marcus is giving me a lift
home because that's the safe way to do
it no the little dark skinny yeah a bit
jealous lucky but my Elle are the most
comfortable thing but they are very
gaming on the penis there let's zoom up
okay I'm going off the room now and I
think I'm gonna add my floorcare
everyone say goodbye to the vlog thank
you very much for watching we love you
loads and we'll see you very soon
and I'm not very fine I'm leaving
