good afternoon it is the afternoon I
have had a very productive morning
productive aka boring I've been tidying
my flat and sorting loads of stuff out
and doing general chores dishwasher
washing I just didn't think that that
would be very interesting for you guys
to see and now it has come to the point
where I need to tack all my wardrobe now
I want to go through it and I want to
get rid of things that I haven't worn in
a while and give them to charity so I
find this really difficult because I get
really weirdly attached to objects
because I'm a weirdo so I have things in
that I've had for so long but I just
can't part with them because I think no
one day I'll wear that when in reality I
probably won't so the best thing you
need for this is two or three or a
handful of your girlfriend's to come
around and help you decide what to keep
and what to get rid of because I think
sometimes you need different opinions on
what looks good and are you really gonna
wear that so now me and Gabi are coming
round it's so nice of all us living like
together it's not together but like
close together because we can just do
things at the drop of a hat
it's a showing that Louise doesn't live
closer chummy I wish you could come for
these situations I once did something
like this with Louise and she had this
one pink sequin top I'm sure she
wouldn't mind me telling you and I was
like now are you really gonna wear this
Naomi's here I was like are you really
gonna wear this because I don't think
you were and she said yes and kept it to
this day she's still hello if she comes
and to this day Louise still says she
will wear it even though she hasn't worn
it and I think that will be about three
years ago so everyone tweet Louise now
saying have you worn the pink sequined
tank top yet and she'll get really
confused but that's what I want about
uhm so yeah you just need kind of help
like I need help with this look at this
it's a flawed robe right now and you
don't even want to see what it's like
inside
the actual covered which is a kimono
this is literally ridiculous this is
what it would be like if we were joined
at the hip this would be great for um
what are those twins called the ones
that are stuck did you get conjoined
could enjoy enjoy enjoy this would be a
great outfit this word actually or if
you had full boobs or again this might
be one for charity yeah out we go he's
here now as well um this is the mess
that's ensued
I think we've caused more of a mess than
before this is everything for charity so
far it's three bin bags I'm being quite
good on I yeah you are being very
ruthless I'm impressive yeah just found
this and this was like the sort of bra
that you would have when you thought
that you were really sexy for the boys
this is obviously very small cream satin
with like if you've got this probably
bought it in 2008 um it's pretty but
it's some too small too small we're
having like a little bloggers club now
laptops
except mine is not on and look the
Wardrobe is almost actually sorted
thanks to Miami
she put things she put things in in yeah
we've got coats and then jumpers then
you want to talk
occasion dresses occasion dresses from
black to white
daytime dresses from black to white then
we've got little strappy top yep
then normal tops short-sleeved shirts
long-sleeved shirts oh oh we've added a
section that's the body section rush
about it and that's from like that's
from dark to light nice is that the way
it goes okay and then I've just got my
often winter boots and shoes in this one
because they're gonna be the ones I use
the most
then you've got your little shoes these
are my favorite with the little bugs on
yeah a lot of you have seen these and
then I have yet to do anything with this
but to be fair that that's that's for
another day these are my black and white
patterned section trousers and these are
my more plain section trousers shorts
t-shirts bras converse and trainers I
have that ladies and gentlemen is my
water
oh I'm not forgetting my rabbit onesie
that's a staple well I would let him
live there but I can't shut the door and
the like this oh no the light doesn't go
off you see because it's like a fridge
light it stays oh yeah when you shut the
door it turns off oh I've also got some
hats up there as well and some fairy
lights but it's yeah gosh looks so much
better I was just listening to you two
up in there we all have really similar
laughs do we distinguish
actually sometimes I do laugh like that
yeah when I get really he huge Gabi's
shirt these are like little Bakewell day
like tits yeah nice little mirror you
like it that's from a sauce everyone if
you know I've got a nice enough
selection of Gabby winks in my vlog and
Naomi where's your outfit from please
this is from River Island I bought this
one with you oh you did I really like
that skirt and I'm gonna do my outfit
all right we've got lovely yesterday
today this is actually from Neela Neela
I'm his nanny
Oh forgot that one yeah I like it you
can roll the sleeves up and it's like
reversible yeah you loved it so much you
bought two days running yeah yeah and
these oh they pull the whole outfit
together
oh my god joint PJs we have a little
like Christmas people do we've come up
with a new game it's called find a
lookbook and play some other music from
the YouTube library to the lookbook so
this is what we have so far
isn't that your character that's the old
man anyway um I want Marcus to have a go
at this because he is a rapper after all
wrong again
no he's gonna spin some lyrics he was
showing me his beatboxing earlier so you
could always include that I was like do
this know more about your brother can be
pretty bad then me and Naomi should
start
maybe that'll save whatever floats your
boat Marcus did you mean type well I
meant like cuz I was pointing at the
laptop I was like say say yeah
some flowers I love them so much they do
so much I love them so much they do so
much to me
yep here we go so we've got some song
flowers up in here I gotta get down
whilst drinking the bit here we go
rolling around that's what we do around
in the wind monkeys can't do it upside
down my own eyes I did it accidentally
and I've known to do I said do you know
what you're wearing to my product launch
and Mark it marks his face was like no
but you know a good one as well no down
do a smile now view out the other way be
like do a face as if name is just in a
massive poo right in front of you yes if
you're disgusted fades it's like it's
like whoa like your
we need names
Miami's name be Norris Norris and what's
mine is Aris service set does not
what's my name naw Norris zelanski was
in this Wagamama I keep thinking that
your t-shirt says JCB Oh what if one of
you go up there add that how about okay
we've definitely been driving we
actually haven't we're joking
just in case you everyone got their own
hair bands and you make my own yeah yeah
yeah yes we've now done Marcus's hair
because we found it where do I look it's
so pretty it's so painful so good we can
really see your scalp can you yeah just
looks like I said go we thought we heard
the lip must've been someone else
okay I was like oh if you've got any ice
and Alfie gave me a site so I honestly
put it in that the first one is like
that
I don't want as anything I've got oh my
god of actually retaining that looks
like a retainer it actually really does
doesn't matter some little guinea pig
cuddles quite big in even cuddles is a
big old boy now yeah guinea pig ease
that what is it
Markus anomie have gone home now and
poppy and Shawn are staying round um I
don't think what you doing this popping
inside on the bottles okay
and for some strange reason EastEnders
is up by it's like eleven fuckin hi I'm
nervous
right so he's told me to hold her camera
so this she can say goodbye because
she's too tired to even hold it is that
yet at the end of your video you know
then tell him to give it a thumbs up
are you asleep say goodnight say you
love them
