good morning and welcome to Dubai me and
Alfie have come here on a little
five-day summer pre-christmas get away
with the Dubai Tourism Board so I'm very
very excited to be staying
currently at what's this called the one
and only the one and only Mirage the
palace so we arrived here this morning
I've got a couple of little bits of
footage of a flight yesterday Seoul and
set those now
never flown Emirates business before but
all my goodness I felt well and truly
spoil it was like the nicest flight
situation ever did have a fair bit of
turbulence though which we spoke to
somebody this morning and she said oh
yeah the the weather over Europe was
really bad and that must have been when
we were flying over Europe oh really
that was like I've been in turbulent but
that was like really turbulent the
announcement came on and it was like
cabin crew to their seats and then it
was and then like five seconds later
cabin crew to your seats and I was just
like what I've never heard like the
captain sounds so like panicked but I
just thought you know what if we go down
I've enjoyed business in Emirates it's
not a bad way to go is it we are staying
here until Wednesday and this is our
beautiful room let me do a very quick
room tour because Alfie's also done one
on his so I will make this speedy coming
through the door and we've got this
really beautiful lounge area got a
little toilet in here a little bar area
oh yeah table a little desk area and the
lounge with a TV and a balcony look they
put things up Alfie this is your
favorite it's back lava yeah I think so
yeah
- eoeo oh my god I love me a blackberry
buy one of them them look at these doors
off these big sliding doors into the
bedroom where we've got our bed I've got
my designated left-hand side
wait left-hand side as you look at it
but right hand side facing this way
which I always gravitate towards
whenever we go anywhere yeah it isn't
where I sleep at home isn't that weird
and that's true for every time we stay
somewhere I know for some reason I like
to sleep on this oak not always but most
of the time we go away I like to know I
like being I don't know see our little
bedside and then we've got more pulley
doors on oh wait no this is the Wardrobe
let me shut that I've got a wardrobe
each little dressing table area little
full font and then another sliding doors
into the bathroom with a bath with a TV
this outfit is I've got this on a sauce
I really like it I think it's really
cute but it does without seeing the
whole thing it does it like I'm wearing
like a judo suit so I'm not I'm not too
sure how I feel about it
but I just wanted something nice to
throw on over my bikini and outfit
anyway we are about to head down explore
the hotel and head down to at the beach
I think it's all packed up little beach
bag and we're gonna head out we have
come down to
Beach and we just got some drinks it's
so nice yeah was that speedboat what was
that
I ordered a raspberry ripple fruit juice
Cheers
Alfie's got like nine drinks as usual
and I'm about to start reading this by
Kathryn on Murad why social media is
ruining your life the irony in this
right now yeah this is glorious
look at this sound it's like the most
perfect sound you ever did see
do you want to get in the sea okay just
run in go on
like you going in is that you going in
this a bath deeper than what you just
did
it is now evening and myself and Alfie
have been over to the spa and had a
traditional ham massage experience I
want to say was it that so more than a
mythologists I don't know how to
describe it it was like nothing I have
ever had before it was really cool and I
have to say my skin is the softest it
has ever been so yeah that was really
nice and then we just went and sat after
sunset on the beach which was really
lovely and now we have a reservation
over in the beach Grill restaurant so
I'm excited to head on over there we've
had How to Lose a Guy in 10 days on the
TV oh my god I just frickin love that
film it's like the best is that how I'm
saying is that I just love how 2:30 a.m.
last night he was 28 degrees we were
speaking to the person who is like ah
he's just breathe available to do with
the hotel and our room or booking
something he's the man with the contact
he Kevin is the man it's going like the
receptionist he was saying that this is
like the coldest time of year for them
so it's like perfect time of year to
come and yeah we're gonna head down now
should we have you'll get occasionally
2:40 in winter Oh
like if this is their coldest time of
year it's 33 degrees like apart from
that crazy hot day that we had in summer
oh it got to like 32 I've not known 33
degrees like ever even when we go to
Mykonos it's never that hot 28 sometimes
even like 23 on a windy day and Mykonos
so yeah we are gonna head out now
so it would be nice just to vlog a
little
walk look at all the palm tree so nice
so we loads of bats out earlier wasn't
there hmm I really miss probably still
out and can't see them we don't have any
in our garden I don't think but in parts
of the UK towards the end of summer when
the Sun starts setting a bit later you
can really see all the bats when you
like them yeah I think they're so cute
like teeny tiny little bird back look
how smart alpha helix helix that smart
we've sort of gone over that way yeah oh
well clashing prints it's a trend right
we're in our little Cabana it looks like
the one behind Elfie we've got a table
with rose petals the beach and then a
little lounge area that's really I'm
doing afterwards yeah I decided to show
it back
the hummus there is very good I don't
remember which almost Hamas I think then
this is olive all over tapenade tapenade
is that nice thank you
Wow thank you very much
no my filming on your camera no ha ha ha
that's so annoying
oh you can have a I'll send it ta we can
both use it yeah look at this burrata
yeah what's this game called oh my god
what's it called that's so annoying
mouth so far Alfie's won both games
just like pubs no it's skill and then at
the end of the game that I just won that
awesome is over it is all just laughs
yeah it's not that laughs we've been
snapped then that's more luck no we're
not
and then Zoey started trying to set
their cards were shuffled enough and
they weren't they were all coming out in
order
oh that's a shame isn't it
what does that me start Gavin
mains have arrived
Alfie's gone for the Wagyu steak and
I've gone for the chicken with a side of
mash of course we're just walking back
now that was so nice wasn't it being sat
out in the little what was it called
again
veranda no gazebo and we're heading back
now gonna play some more cards yeah this
Harry's won a couple of games
I've won no games every time I think
I've got this Alfie wins it was close
one of them was close sorry I have to
chop your head so dark there we go I
have to just log like diagonal oh yeah
I'll just step back you look normal
normal there we go so we're heading back
to the room now I just said that we're
going to play cards and probably I know
I'll probably just get into my pyjamas
take my makeup off again Tibet oh it's
so much colder inside get the aircon
this is my little jumpsuit it's from
boohoo it has like a little twisted
front high neck and pull' opt style
trousers what qalaat not plot
I'd be reading of me fire horse
happening in here than anywhere we never
smell the best no if we drove around
like this yeah we have massage here
yesterday oh yeah we are currently asked
the drift drift Club each club and it's
so nice me announce that we've just
loaded speed for having another game of
cards and the Sun is about to go down
but it's basis given me like making us
live
I feel like we're a mixed on yeah and
it's like style so beautifully I love it
and we're going to definitely have to
come back in before we go
Wow how are your cards oh you got tea
food has arrived oh my god this looks so
delicious
there were 74 shocks I can see the water
moving or some jumping fish shark's fin
hopefully not sharp it no it would be
not yeah which boy this is like Brighton
Beach it's like I don't know what's
going on it's a mud technically on
Monday divine obvious it is the weekend
the weekend despite is that say so on a
Sunday I guess they're like work in the
time yeah
there's time enough so we should have
played it like that
this is
we've decided instead of getting the
golf buggy back to the hotel we're just
gonna walk down the beach because it is
such a beautiful evening this lighting
is like the best lighting for filming a
photo so nice
we've just facetimed out one's mum she's
got the dogs we said hi to Nala
she didn't care at all she didn't care
it literally went like this and looked
away tell you what though
I could so do with a nice bath in the
hotel room that's pretty good idea I
think um I think my hump day back in the
hotel room and I've decided to run
myself a little bar because this just
looks heavenly oh yeah TV bring the bath
look got a bar caddy
Lipsyte or teacher a loofah and some
bath salts which I'm gonna put in that
how cool is that the hotel's bath salts
and then we've obviously got these bits
as well can't wait good morning it is
now day three day three in Dubai and
it's just so nice let me show you I woke
up quite early this morning me and Alfie
were absolutely shattered last night
like we I don't know what's going over
our body clocks but here in Dubai it's
four hours ahead so I think waking up
essentially in the middle of the night
in the mornings is making us more tired
in the evening I know that by the time
we get our body clocks used to this time
zone it will be time to go home and that
will royally screw us up because we'll
be waking up at like 2:00 a.m. but this
is what I woke up to this morning
beautiful sunshine I came as out on the
balcony actually and just listen to the
birds it was very peaceful but look at
this beautiful here
hello Dubai good morning how beautiful
the grounds are so I've taken the
opportunity to get ready kind of slowly
I did a really nice like deep cleanse
put a little lip oil on my hair's a bit
greasy but I think I'm gonna wash it
before we go out tonight rather than
wash it before I go to the beach I will
show you my outfit where's the best
place for this oh here this is my outfit
today it's like a little crop top the
back is like crisscross and then it's a
high-waisted skirt with like these slits
so yeah I think it's very Beach
appropriate so now if he gets back we're
gonna head down and have breakfast and
then we're gonna mooch on the beach here
which is the hotel we're staying in
which is the one and only we're going to
go to that beach for the morning and
then at one o'clock I think we are going
over to another Beach called the
somersault Beach Club and we're gonna
spend the afternoon so it's really nice
that we're getting to experience lots of
different parts of Sabai because if I
was the one that was solely planning
this trip I think we just stay in the
hotel beach nah there's anything wrong
with that but I think when you've come
away for like a really lovely relaxing
kind of luxury break you don't
necessarily think about like hotel
hopping or like going to different beach
clubs so yeah I'm really really excited
about that
me and Alfie have been down on the beach
it's been very nice I didn't actually
vlog it because we were just literally
lying and reading but now where are we
after Beach Club in another hotel which
we've not been to yet but we're excited
to see what that looks like so we're
going to head back up I might change
into a different swimming costume
because this one's a bit like damp and I
really hate yeah in the taxi would like
create like a wet patch so then we're
gonna have a quick swimming costume
change and then no so myself and Alfie
have just arrived at your mirror our
Naseem which is a hotel where you can
see the Burj Al Arab which I've just
pointed very badly at and we're making
our way down to the somersault Beach
Club which I think we know the way to so
nice I've just talked into both these
fighting arrests to try it it's so good
yeah
that's so crazy good morning sunny
either it's either this Christmas music
playing from your iPad so sorry
it is our last full day in Dubai
yes he's really else I'm hot and cold
bummed up can't feel my throat just feel
absolute crap I'm so sad no luckily it's
the last day I know
thankfully I've like had the nice
time up to this point last night you
felt like it is wrong I felt really ill
last night I had a really bad migraine
and normally that's the sign of like
either I'm just too tired or I'm getting
ill so I had an early night woke up
didn't feel good I woke up a half six
couldn't get back to sleep
we're going to see lapel lapel a
developer I don't know how to pronounce
it and the water show this evening it's
the most incredible show no and I'm like
even if we go and we stay half an hour
some you know if you're just outside
right now you're like watching Gavin and
Stacey's Christmas special try not to
think about it just trying to chill out
I've tried to put a bit of a face on I
probably haven't done the best job but
I've bronzed up to the max because
there's pale and then there's like
ghosts and I think I was verging on
ghosts still not feeling great but we're
gonna go see how long I can last don't
have to be there want to be there but if
I feel too much then I will just go oh I
need a room key have you got one
okay oh my god even holding up my arm
hurts I'm not very good at being ill it
just makes me ten times more anxious Hey
yeah look amazing thankee bit long like
dragging the trousers are longer a
little slower but it's a little jumpsuit
from Zara what you gonna think now let
me get that yeah I probably should live
to be fair I'd probably I'd probably
wear it with like heeled boots okay
we'll go in oh well hi there
you might be wondering Zoey did you go
to the show what happened
because I'm currently back home and
editing this video and no I didn't go to
the show I almost went but I just felt
so ill so Alfie went without me do you
that you were like no there's no point
both of us missing yet yeah one of us
could miss it if that makes sense yeah
so I I'm gonna insert some of the clips
that Alfie got because in the footage
you've just seen how he talks about how
amazing it is so I feel like I need to
insert some clips so that you guys can
see that it's amazing I think what's
happened you like
No so sad I went back and I just curled
up in my duvet like but like sweating it
was not good it was not a good illness
but having said that we had the most
incredible time in Dubai and everyone at
the one-and-only was just amazing and I
mean it's not a bad place to be ill is
it got lovely room service yeah
so overall it was like the perfect
little getaway really relaxing and the
weather was incredible and I didn't even
got my laptop for six days yeah it was
like that switch so switched off yeah
just like you know in like holiday
bubble a proper holiday proper holiday
so yeah we had the most incredible time
and I really hope you enjoyed this vlog
make sure to give it thumbs up if you
did enjoy it
and I will see you again very very soon
for vlogmas which is starting December
1st all the way up until Christmas Eve
who's that like vlogmas die soon and i'm
hoping now that I've had my Shalu I'm
not gonna get as well kicking it off
with a bang we've got something very
festive happening first day very excited
yes I'm hoping that now I've had my
illness I'm not gonna get ill during
progress that's what I'm telling myself
but yes starting to feel much better so
all is good anyway thanks very much for
watching and we'll see you again very
soon bye
