good morning everybody it's Monday and
the sun is shining I'm in the office
Polly's having a little dance but I can
be manned we've just received this in
the post it's the key to open the
Charlotte Tilbury box I thought about
this all we can do yeah do you wanna you
do the honors
oh wait let's put it back in and pretend
we're gonna do it by ourselves
like oh honey what's this new range is
the new beauty filters lip plumping care
in refreshing rose this sounds amazing
launching on the 31st of May
all these are lovely hmm little cheek
palate Thank You Charlotte Tilbury
okay I'm back in the room with all the
press stuff and all the cool packages
and this one has arrived from Mac it's
the new story of glow from beachy to
boho oh my god this sounds amazing guys
I have not had a skin finish in a really
long time oh wow this looks amazing
thank you so much Mac oh my gosh the
body lotion will be so nice for the
summer months now I don't know where
this has come from but it's one of those
things that you can punch into a coconut
to open a coconut and I feel like Alfie
would absolutely love this because he
loves his coconut drinks so thank you
gave this we have a color pop collection
oh my goodness I hope you enjoy my color
pop collection inspired by my clothing
line it's all wild I wanted to create
something golden and glowing for the
perfect adventure like you keep it by
your side and remember to stay wild bye
Eva oh my god this is so exciting I love
a packaging okay here we go these are
the eyeshadow palettes which are
beautiful this one in particular I am
majorly drawn to very beautiful colors
and then all the lip colors look so nice
I love this packaging and then we've got
some cheek colors here which are beaut
as well so thank you so much color pop
and Eva I love that look at these they
are crazy I do feel like I need to get a
little bit more adventurous with the
whole glitter thing especially with
summer coming up but also my eyes don't
necessary
love chunky glitter let me see if I can
get this to focus look at it it's so
beaut then these finishing powders look
amazing I might have to try some of
these this one's more of a bronze so
pretty these look incredible especially
for festival season
okay incredible I probably say that
wrong every time
ncredible have some too insane neon lip
paints we are only just receiving
samples so enjoy the first batch except
me two of each
this one's called I'm hot and this one's
called she's arrived so these are really
super bright lip paints oh I'm excited
to try these there's also this which
there's my dirty mouth bus free matte
lip remover fuss free matte lip remover
oh that's cool i've swatched although i
have to say on the camera they don't
look as bright as they actually do in
real life but these definitely are very
neon especially the orange it's like an
orange highlighter hold the flipping
phone I've just found this torch look
what happens to my hand when I put the
torch on it hang on I'm gonna have to
put this someone you're not ready for
this guys look bad oh my god it looks oh
also have some other things from Mac
this looks very beautiful you're gonna
fail yes can you focus please there we
go what does that say Patrick Starr for
Mac oh that's so cool i just opened the
other two as well look how beautiful
that eyes shadow palette is and such
cool colors oh my god that blue i don't
really wear blue eye shadow but even i
want to put that blue over my entire
eyelid and then we have a lipstick i'm
gonna open this now as well and see what
this looks like it's a really nice
purple beautiful ah i've had a package
from bobbi brown and it says dear Zoe
when you're on your way to your new
office and you can't live without your
girl boss makeup essentials with love
the BB team thank you oh and these are
the things they've put in there all
that's so kind of them I'm gonna have to
open them all out also this which is an
all-over glow which looks incredible
this eyeshadow palette which is
beautiful and it feels really heavy and
like very profesh again a really nice
navy blue and this color looks insane
it's very glittery and what's this thing
here dual ended a long wear liquid liner
oh how I got black on my hand already
little package from Rimmel with one of
my fav ever drugstore or high street
foundations this is the Rimmel match
perfection which is incredible if any of
you are after a new foundation this is
basically my go-to if I'm in boots or
super drug and I need a foundation I
love it and look it's come with a brush
oh it's got a sonic cute then we've got
a liquid lip color that's a really nice
color actually very like nudie color and
then I guess a little brush to put that
on and then the concealer which actually
I don't know if I've tried so I'm
definitely gonna try that skin tone
adapting match perfection love it cool
thank you very much for more I love
Becca this is an amazing brand you guys
so we've got the first like priming
filter the Hydra mist set and refresh
powder and I got that sounds amazing I
don't think I've ever tried that and the
iconic Becca glow shimmering skin
Perfector pressed highlighter oh my god
this looks so great the Hydra mist why
have I never heard of that that sounds
so good thank you so much better advice
so I saw this and I was like oh that's
cute someone's drawn a picture of me and
not if but sunglasses on her and then I
turned this round this is by a brand
called Paula and it says dear Nala well
it's been a pretty hectic last few weeks
with your owner moving into her new
office and perhaps you're forgetting a
little left out with all this change
going on so there's a little office
warmer from us we're sending you your
very own Paris
knees you're gonna be the coolest dog in
town ho promenade is now your cat log
these Sony's are called for i4i which is
the African word for rejoice and your
name is Nala is the Swahili for gift all
our son is in fact of African names as
all our Sunny's have a connection back
to Africa for every pair sold we give a
prescription pair to a person through
outreach projects in Africa and that
quirky case they come in made from
recycled plastic waste by a weaving
community in Ghana I suspect you might
simply find it nice to chew on we get
that go ahead what an amazing press
release so they're in here oh look at
the K Q thank you guys Nala will look
amazing in these we have a cool package
from tart
I love tart tart rainforest of the sea
customize your lighting and your
lipstick with these shade shifters oh so
we've got some on top here I wonder if
those are them let's pop those down here
and see what's in there
see what's in the box mer makeover oh my
god
grab your daily dose of vitamin C oh
right so we have spin that round mermaid
skin hyaluronic h2o serum myrrh mist
shimmer spray and what's this mermaid
waves salt spray oh that's so cool so
these must be the lipstick shade
shifters I'll open these so I can show
you them okay so these are the lip
colors this one in particular is quite
beautiful look at most exciting delivery
of all time my gorgeous friend Emma
Gannon who is one of the people who just
manages to inspire whoever she meets has
got this book coming out called the
multi - method work let's create more
and design a career that works for you
all uncorrected proof copy not for
resale or quotation
let me just tell you when this comes out
so this will be coming out on Thursday
the 31st of May uh-huh
so briny is my editor but she's also
Emma's editor on this book so briny who
you've seen my videos she's put I wish
someone like Emma had existed when I was
in my 20s she's so wise and clever and
supportive I think that if she had been
around when I was young I wouldn't have
made such a hash of things I'm just glad
to have her now that is exactly how I
thought she's got some great quotes on
here I am so excited to read this Emma I
am so so proud of you she's written me
like the loveliest letter also so thank
you so much I can't wait to read this I
also really like to keep the letters
that come with the books when they've
been written by the author or just like
someone special I always keep them in
there forever
stay in there this looks exciting you a
essential high coverage cream foundation
33 new shades available April fair well
okay so they have new foundation shades
in their high coverage foundation how am
I going to open this okay so these are
probably going to be lots of samples
whoa wall there I think this is really
good that they send these out so that
you can decide what shade you are very
very useful oh my gosh you guys how cute
is this little handbag by the Cambridge
Satchel Company it's part of their new
ss-18 collection it's so effing cute
it's like this beautiful like pastel
like kind of purpley pink color but I
absolutely love it thank you so much
I've been sent these pajamas from a
brand called hush these are so lovely in
summary thank you so much I love okay I
really hope you enjoyed me going through
some of the pa box stuff it's now time
for us to hop into a meeting look at
Hollie Wakeham you tangle ice laughs
yeah look at this Holly's now a chef
she's making everyone everyone I think
said
we found a little slip spa oh you're so
cute
jannat being in here I got Nala we got
we come to it didn't want hats at home
to try and find these bloody bowls
because as you alright you point it out
they can see their reflection in the
bowl wouldn't be out there so let's call
this a massive sausage oh no it's not
okay they got them okay
how many should we get three because one
buzzes round every time we go in there I
worried that Nala is gonna we because so
many other dogs have victory took her
outside Wow Alfie was paying and she did
the biggest free right where people have
to walk in and out oh it's my night the
evening and it's the moment of truth
bowl food in bowl very excited Park okay
right let's do their weight actually
almost don't want to say way oh are you
kidding me are you kidding me it's the
same bowl actually it's tiny with
different base it's like the same Bowl
no I'm leaving Nala no come on that's
the same Bowl babes
but guys there's no reflection in this
bowl so it's not a reflection thing it's
brushed aluminium there's no reflection
what I think - just leave it there see
if she eats it because I'm not there are
no other bowls in the world like me that
is the closest pretty much identical
slightly different rim Bowl you are
gonna get there is no other Bowl that is
as close to that one right I'm letting
her eat it I'm just gonna leave the
camera here laughs and we'll just watch
while she realizes this is I know people
that's what it's like when you have
children and they don't want to eat
certain things or eat off a certain
plate or use a certain fork like is this
just things to come you know
oh wait yeah
now I'm touching the ball chili out of
it because I'm touching the ball you
don't make any sense yeah okay I'm gonna
let go oh she's even licking the ball oh
oh now she'll have a little drink out
the old bowl just to be like this one
still all right yeah okay yeah oh thank
god you're right
was that nice top is very boobylicious
keep having to like pull it up Alfie has
gone to London to hang out with his
friend Ryan and I actually had a very
big late lunch so I'm not really that
hungry for dinner although I'm a little
bit hungry so I'm doing what is a real
guilty pleasure and I'm having a big
bowl of cereal for my dinner and
tonight's spirit of choice is golden
nuggets this always reminds me of coming
home from school so we used to come home
from school at like 3 p.m. get home for
about half past 3 maybe 20 past 3:00 and
that would be like my hungriest time so
I would always have a bowl of gold
nuggets well not always
I mean it was a face I would have a bowl
of golden nuggets whilst watching the
lamb Peas
does anyone else remember the Lumpy's
what a throwback I can't remember what
was on before the lamb peas but
it was like a really like babyish one
and then I would watch the lamb peas and
then I can't what was after that but I
would watch what was after that as well
I think one of my favorite things to do
is reminisce about childhood childhood
pro-v programs I just loved it there
were so many great ones I could do a
whole video on this I'm gonna stop now
and yes I eat my cereal with a teaspoon
good morning everybody
it's Tuesday and I'm starting the day
off running up and down now I'm starting
the day off filming my March favorites
which I have been meaning to do for such
a long time so I'm gonna do that now and
then hopefully edit it and get that up
same day just have to go and grab a
microphone basically Elfie is helping me
set it up because I normally just use
this camera but I still don't know if
it's making my voice weird so I asked
outfi to kept me a camera or you know
just let me borrow his but this is
actually what's happened he's done like
a proper oiler there's my favs he's done
like a proper a proper setup we don't do
no quality low grades or other videos I
mean I have 12 more subs doing
everything I've done so far mate right
okay here's the other mic two mics just
in case got Nala in a little some patch
I just talked to many guys right
she's annoyed them straightening the Sun
oh she's so cute she's so me that's
exactly what I would be doing if I was a
dog I like to be as warm as possible I
said that you guys know oh she got too
hot let me feel you
oh my god I'll be cute in the background
yeah
can you actually see yeah
finished filming and I wonder if you can
tell from that time lapse but a giant
Hornet just casually swooped in oh it's
okay it's gone how he got rid of it but
still those are my least favorite things
that exist in the UK basically wasps
hornets Queen wasps I like bees I like
honey bees bumble bees my favorite but a
wasp nah we've worked out why I found so
deep it was my final cut
there was a sitting that had changed so
my sounds remote my frame rate was wrong
so you know what is slows you down 124th
that makes so much force my finish on
our last night but you know I mean oh my
god because people were like it's like
she's on drugs
Oh Mike I'm not on drugs through much oh
my god for like 10 days my videos have
sounded like my slow mo ever only the
tiniest no I can't believe that we
basically inputted input we basically
input the footage on Alfie's and mine to
see what if there was any difference
between my voice on his than there was
on mine and Alfie sounded higher we were
like no this can't be right what the
hell have I done my shutter speed was
too slow is that right my frame rate was
too slow you were Eddie Turner didn't
frame rate than what you were filming
see you don't always have to know what
you're doing to be a youtuber but for
those of you that were concerned about
my cold I don't have one it was just the
frame rate just went and got my brows
and in fact they do look very non-degree
because you know when it's like we've
already got their ice cream so I was
like wait I need to get some ice cream
so we've come back to boho gelato to get
some ice cream
yeah which one those are
custard milk boy it's kind of like
French custard isn't he like pastries
and stuff ice cream has been eaten and
we've come to play a spot off crazy girl
I got a hole in one first go and Alfie
got a hole in one can he do it for the
third time that is the question there
was like oh is changing which holy
starts um of course he goes down there
oh you bounced out of the hole you hit
it too hard okay let's go and find my
bit Sarah oh thank you a good tactic but
we can say this is everyone's balls that
have gone in gone yes what could be the
record guys don't know I don't even have
there is one
oh you have to hit it pretty hard
I'm a musician that's a good set up my
nice 9 after sapping up the scores 9
okay that was the worst shot of the day
out how do you feel about that
who do you think's one I they I feel
like I know I feel like even without
reason ein I feel like you had some
really low scores you had two holes in
ones I think I came around shopping
seven I think my from first no no I I
was really bad
56 oh the Peking the boy
second place Oh second is Zoe with 56
fast with in second place we it just
means lost well done guys good game good
game so as you saw in the last clip we
had just finished miniature golf and
then I looked down and checked my phone
hadn't really been on my phone the whole
time we were playing and I had loads of
text messages from my therapist and I
was like oh that's funny I wonder why
she's texting me because I had a cool
with her on Friday I think so Friday and
we normally do one a week I was like I
really don't think I'd have one this
soon I forgot I'd booked dinner call
today so Iran we'd already finished golf
we were heading back into town so I ran
back to the car and we did like 25
minutes of my hour on FaceTime
so Alphaeus there have been playing
loads of fun games in the pier and I've
been sat here having a little Skype call
but it is important I always try and put
my mental health first even though I
forgot I had a call but it happens
sometimes it's fine I got the most out
of it that I could I run back to the car
once I'd realized and now I think Sarah
and Alfie are heading back here and then
we're going to head back and go to the
pub for dinner because all I could think
about are the bread twisty things and
the dips it's all I could think about
I'm so excited for them all so we need
to get back for an hour anyway so
Sarah's gonna teach Alfie how to play
which one did you do you think you have
we've in my place
Alfie's really quick at learning piano
I'm frustratingly I thought I would be
okay but I actually am NOT very good
after all I think my brain just doesn't
retain things that my hands are doing
we've come to the pub and we are now
going to have a game of double whilst we
wait for our food if he's gonna explain
the rules to Sarah okay let's go the one
way you get rid maybe okay first basic
there's one set of cards see I think
it's five different games but I could be
wrong every guard has one that matches
me another guard okay it's what my
matches yeah Oh Sarah's gonna be good at
this
she's quick the scissors them we've met
our mat mat trophy so if you wait too
long you live aim of this game I think
yeah dish them all out yeah this is what
I'm talking about I'll actually want to
get your reaction to these they're my
absolute favorite like deep-fried dough
stick you need to try this step that's
my favorite route in becoming there no
pressure
did you find your ball always playing oh
it's poppin
oh yeah this was a German version you
look so cute al this is a great new
style Phil I'm loving it you have not he
doesn't have a receding hairline does
I love the honesty no just a big
forehead I am now having a bath of pops
little lush bomb in there I don't know
which one this was actually I think this
was a Christmassy one it was blue with
gold stars on and then I've got my
little cleanse and polish this one
actually has lavender and vetiver in it
which is lovely and I'm gonna take off
my makeup and I'm also gonna shave my
legs with my so Ella Beauty shower shake
because it's the best thing to shave
your legs with because I have a photo
shoot tomorrow I've also got in true
form a huge spot on my chin
now I've not really had spots like this
for months not these big painful ones so
I'm a bit like look how pink is it's so
sore this is just where my makeups
coming off but it would happen the day
before a photo shoot wouldn't then all
these months have not had one well so
that's what I'm doing I'm gonna have
this bath I do a very deep cleanse at
the face shave my legs and prepare
myself for the photo shoot tomorrow
