and we are preparing yeah yeah yeah
we're now all in a car on the way to the
main stage look at you guys they're in
the back this is our lovely driver oh
thank you lovely in many years oh you
are lovely thank you you've little don't
you look lovely back there oh yeah Joe
Jim right Zoe
nice to meet you join us thank you very
much we're in the green room now and we
are just sorting out main stage stuff
just on a little sketch there I'm
drinking some water boys what are you
doing Wow okay we'll come back to that
and see who's won shall we did you
actually wake up or did you wake up and
have a frantic like oh my god I need GAO
i woke up early and did everything
you went back to bed although to be fair
we don't feel stage of like an hour no I
mean no oh my god it looks like you've
drawn it with your left hand okay this
looks like something from my nightmares
I've finished Joe's drawing skills jya
that's the big y and also my hair isn't
like that today
Tom's written me something I'm just
gonna read it hello everyone my name is
Tanya burr and my friend's name is Zoe
sugg and she likes Brighton her friends
and family caramel ice cream mashed
potato funky clothes
sassy Finke or funky clothes red
lipstick guinea pigs in the beach
catfish TV show snuggles on her big sofa
Pizza cherry tomato fresh lemon egg and
Ellie Goulding
yeah Jim's on the main stage and they're
making him eat 11 all 11 face boys the
chillin by the chillin
let's trim each other just instagrammed
tonight what did you write set pieces
but by now I said it's gone forever
come on come on
let go Jeff let go carry the baby I know
Oh other question
I think we did a good job so now we're
all
I got it
did you enjoy it yeah it's good there's
loads of people can enjoy man pee I'm
happy I'm really really yeah how is
Louie so awake yet you'd only had four
hours sleep we're now doing a red carpet
interviews with Chelsea I really like
this but you've got on under here thank
you
okay I need to go there and get out it's
amazing because the back of this is
really low and it just shows my bra
strap up slowly something but everyone
Outfitters got a little crowd
yeah thank you very much okay raising
Narcy understand
and she's going to do this well I do
this because I think we all know that
Eugene like the most agile creatures
burrito very odd child cats like to
sleep and cats like to be straight
thank you what's yours see any animal at
this point just the dog good choice good
choice
thank you very much so do you well
you'll note that I never managed to do
daily vlogging properly yes I can do
daily vlogging and then
like later in time if you had this style
of like dude fog and then edit rather
worth the work that day I just can't do
it like oh I'll cry about too much you
know don't let the pressure it's too
much so I actually didn't and
then I like edit more time or I find it
really hard nestled away for a week I
couldn't just want a whole month or all
the end of their life because sometimes
just I was like just running on 10%
today so it's blocking Watchers it's
fine thank you very much you have family
members for no idea that you know think
you're just a kid icing around my dad
says that Facebook is gonna end the
world
we just don't bother just stick to our
own kind keep your heads down
try not to get trouble coming yeah yeah
I think only YouTube friends are the
ones that really get it poignant blocks
you just see like that we never hear
what anyone else like guaranteed but you
can't shove a camera in their face
because they don't get it do they
no no they don't we've got loads of
frenzied mob scene
yeah there was and then she called me
brand news there in the brown either you
or Bradley take just working
it's fresh
hey hey we've got a code Brown please
deal with this before Zoe wakes up
because if she sees this and panics will
feel sick they were a goner I think
digital arts you know one evening it's
going to be fine regarding past 70
management what's happened there's
nothing to see here
oh my god Louise was
amazing I actually feel really like
emotional to know why she was so good
how amazing was Louise she was amazing
to me I'll try man nearly cried multiple
times and we're currently getting into
this which looks like Tonya's worst
nightmare
no get away
okay this is not this is like something
from literary Chinese were do you best
British accent okay what am I gonna say
um well you know what you're gonna do
when your haters hate on you what about
them do you say Alex okay well let me
talk to you in American okay my name is
Alex James and what somebody's hating on
you one of those Indian are special so
I've lost Alfie
I'm not even attempt to get to you know
how did you get there we're supposed to
be doing stuff
you should get something back to your
flat right stand up one that Weber wait
mind out the way one and then fall back
on that one that one there
now just jump back just jump onto your
back down there in the middle
lay down that's what I'm saying and
there's so many should I do it one of
them's in my flat
get off Alfie
you got told whoa just walking stop
well see you later it's very getting us
told off people that one as well
maybe a little bit about this I am aware
I have makeup all down my face and I
look and sound like crap right now but
these boys are here
two of my favorite boys that's right
that's your favorite though Joey's such
as though it was to keep my head ah yes
yes you do it that's why I call him with
my phone nothing do Harriton I'm not
going to the party tonight because I
have to be up at 7:30 ready to leave
because I saw hairspray that's Joe just
don't in it is it no that's my dear and
I have to get up early because I'm doing
a 17 shoot you're doing it too on me so
next is Seventeen magazine that's right
oh my god - I'll be in the same magazine
yeah yeah I'll be not sorry happy Marcus
is coming I think that's all going in
the light above these boys all ready to
go so yeah
I don't feel very well I'm gonna take
easy and stay in tonight which makes me
a complete party pooper but you all know
that about me anyway all right Joey
budget rainy day like tomorrow okay I
like that in the background I'll be
looks like that this yeah hello Catwoman
so everyone is out partying on the last
night of VidCon I am sniffling in my bed
wearing these which a lovely viewer gave
me and looking out over Disney Clarissa
and I'm just gonna watch the fireworks
and go to sleep because I've got a big
day tomorrow
me and Marcus are heading over to LA
super early for the Seventeen magazine
shoot which I'm so excited about plus
just being so tired like I am the worst
for jet lag I just cannot get over jet
lag and I bet by the time I get over it
it's the day before I go home so good
night from me and my ears my Minnie
Mouse ears I'm gonna watch this
fireworks in
what the hell was that sounds like an
earthquake okay I mean it's looking okay
so for me and my Minnie Mouse is goodbye
and I'll see tomorrow
