good morning everyone welcome to Friday
it's Friday the 13th
oh is it Friday the 13th no I'm stupid
stupid dishes
well I'm superstitious it's mostly one
of those things where I just I kind of
don't do the things like walking under
ladders or like passing a black cat just
in case even though I felt like only
really applies to people who are
superstitious people but like my friend
once told me never to walk over three
drains and we were on our way to a
concert in Bristol and I walked over
three drains just to be like look I'm
walking over three drains nothing Bad's
gonna happen as I finished walking over
three drains I was this close to being
hit by a bike going 30 miles an hour
from the side I stepped into a bike lane
without realizing and this bike
literally I felt all the hair like on my
face I get brushed by this bike and I
looked at my friend and I was like what
just nearly happened she's like we just
nearly got like absolutely mauled by a
bike because you walked over three
drains but then I always tell this story
because people ask me why I don't walk
over three drains and I was like well
because this one time I thought it'd be
really funny to walk in for 3 drains to
show my friends that being superstitious
you don't need to be I nearly got hit by
a bike and then someone was like but you
didn't I was like oh yeah I didn't fine
it depends how you look at it I feel
like that was way too close for comfort
so I avoid three drains if I can I don't
know how I got on to this conversation
you can tell it's Friday when I start
talking absolute waffle I am wearing a
clueless t-shirt today which makes me
very happy I bought it in the men's
section of Urban Outfitters and I've
come in this morning just to sort out a
few bits and then I think I'm gonna head
back it's been one of those weeks where
the time feels like it's just been
sucked away from me I
even now I'm like it's 10:30 but once I
get into the office and I start like
having little catch-up meetings it's
gonna be midday and then I'm gonna have
lunch then it's gonna be like 2 o'clock
then I've got a call with my therapist
at 2:30 which is back home so I feel
like once that's done it'll be 4 o'clock
and I have a vlog to edit and it's a lot
of footage so that'll take me a while
and before I know it's the evening then
I eat dinner then I'm tired then I go to
bed I'm like at what point in this day
am I gonna sit and write and finish this
deadline let's see how we go
I feel like today is one of those days
where if I was a coffee drinker I would
drink a lot of coffee right let's go and
a few little internal meetings and going
through lots of stuff and now I have
come in here to have a little look
through my p.o box stuff because there's
a lot of really cool stuff that's come
in so I thought I would pop the camera
down and chat through some of it with
you because I know quite a lot of you
really like seeing some of the new stuff
that comes in so where should I do this
this looks very cool so this is from
NARS as to's over excited to show my
latest operation but Adem from NARS
strange flowers collection created in
partnership with nozzle nozzle longtime
fashion collaborator designer Adam
there we go thank you very much
as you explore the keepsake you will
find a small key which can be used to
bring the music box alive insert the key
into the keyhole on the back of the box
and gently wound it clockwise this is so
exciting let me take the camera and show
you see yeah this is the packaging I
think it looks really cool
open the box ah oh my goodness okay I've
opened it up the wrong way era cases
this way oh my goodness this is
beautiful
and then we've got lipsticks in the hair
always had the key oh yeah oh my
goodness
I just feel like press releases get
wilder and Wilder
something very pretty little lies about
this I feel like or maybe that's just
because I watched too many thrillers so
this is the collection look how
beautiful colors and these blushes are
so pretty this is obviously just a
plastic bit on top but I love it so
pretty and this red oh my gosh this is
called carnal carnation so pretty thank
you so much nice something new hair for
benefit Gold Rush just last call or
there's so many things oh our newest
addition to the benefit blush family and
there's a little mini one as well have a
little look at this and then I actually
have to go so I don't know why I started
on my PA box because I don't have time
but look oh my god that's so pretty it's
like a very Coralie peachy color with
like gold shimmer very nice thank you
benefit and I know I'm gonna have to
leave that there because I actually have
to head back because the doggies need me
and I have my Skype call so I have to
pick this up another time when I come
into the office but beautiful NARS
package and some other lovely things
which have got my eye on open good
morning it is finally the weekend yes I
am wearing the same outfit I wore
yesterday because I just love it and
also because you know if we have like he
just jumped out of bed and we're going
to go for breakfast together so I was
like I don't really want to have to
think about a whole new outfit right now
I'm just gonna put on what I put on
yesterday absolutely no shame in that
I love it so I'm just waiting for Alfie
now how am I gonna make our way out to
go for breakfast and I think we're going
to go with the roof off in the mini
because I've decided it's a really nice
sunny day look at that sky look at that
why did you go in the Figaro but the
battery is dead and both myself and
Alfie don't know how to jumpstart a car
is that the sort of thing you can Google
I'm not really too sure am I gonna die
trying to attempt it don't know but now
that the weather is getting a lot nicer
I'm gonna be driving that car everywhere
so we need to sort that out I don't feel
like this is so zoomed in on zooming in
hmm
I'm so hungry buzzes gone home now has
me
he has look at her in a little sunspot
so cute yeah he went home last night
Alfie went out and played what did she
play poker with his friends I think I
had quite an early night which was quite
nice and I had a bath and had a chill
and I forgot to plug it I just had a bit
of non vlog time blimey look at these
lilies they really like come to town
it looks so pretty they smell amazing as
well oh I'm just waiting for Alfie now
this is the biggest chai latte I have
ever seen in my life it is huge and I
also went for an apple juice and a tasty
and Alfie assist on the phone to his mum
how nice is this being able to open the
doors oh I love it do you love it now la
spring is here this is what I'm talking
about
I've just been giving nada a proper
little like pamper session cleaning
areas giving her teeth - toy cleaning
our eyes cleaning a little nose crease
and now
Alfie's in the gym with all his friends
so I thought I would start on my edit
and what better place to say an edit
than with this in front of me hey
I am lying out on the sofa trying to get
a little bit of Sun but vitamin D and
I'm also listening to Bob Marley puts me
in the best mood where are you I can
hear you another and we have a problem
because Marla gets FOMO if she's not
outside as all of us but she's also a
black pug so she gets hot really easily
this is literally like panting I can't
breathe and it's too hot but she refuses
to go inside so every now and then I
just keep putting cold water all over
her and then she gets her energy back
and runs around and gets you hot again
it's definitely not the like fourth time
I've had to film this because they're
talking about inappropriate things if I
stop now everyone knows a drunk Pierce
take you for the team you need to go
inside I didn't care I don't care about
sweets couldn't care less
crisps a little bit chocolate like just
having this left out I can't help myself
you're saying to my vlog about chocolate
when he doesn't have a tripod on it all
the fluffy bit on top affairs he picks
mine up
so Alfie can't resist chocolate guys can
you we are off for dinner cute little
date we had a cute little breakfast
today we're having a cute little dinner
day gonna go to the pub have some grub
you need to up your Instagram game a few
days it's really funny quite a few
people think I'm not writing my
Instagram posts I am yeah no for any of
you that might be a bit confused I'm
hiring a social media manager to run
zoella Beauty the zoella lifestyle soak
like any other like god I look tired
any other like brands or businesses not
my own I'm not hiring someone to run my
own social channels I do those I just
wanted to put a bit more effort into my
captions and like do little like mini
updates but I'm glad loads of you are
enjoying it but for any of you that
think that's not me and that it's a bit
weird that I'm writing loads it's me
I'm also replying to comments on there
just because I think the comments on
Instagram
so lovely and I find it really easy to
interact with people that way that's
what I've been doing follow me on
Instagram if you don't already actually
my Instagram is absolu I did say that a
couple of vlogs ago but if any of you
don't follow there's a little link in
the description and go down and follow
me on there and then maybe you'll see
when I'm having a little like comment
reply spree why do I look so tired today
you don't know died why do I look like
an Easter Egg today
so me and Alfie an hour out for dinner
we've come to a little pub I've got
myself a lime soda which is why I always
order when I come out what have you got
- a little G&T well little I thought you
classes like this no that's what
wouldn't when I ordered you into the pub
it was like no one's ever gonna have
these and then just then when she was
making sure this outside the balloon
glass fail that's what I think that's
traditionally what G&T should be served
in and blast like that but not
everywhere does obviously no associate
normally they do like what you've got
yeah make sure got this out and I was
like God cheeky little camembert oh no
it's got my dreaded raisins none at all
in case you didn't know have a weird
thing about raisins sultanas and these
are just so good which when you go for
first oh yeah thanks YUM we're driving
home now that was
dee-licious but me healthy were
literally both half asleep and so full
like I think we should have
taken into account the massive plate of
bread the bread and the cabinet started
before or during a massive pine honestly
but those starters are worth it are so
good and now we're driving home Alfie's
driving the mini deal of driving my mini
I do like it you know I like it because
it's the John Cooper Works the sport
says it's not the works actually there
is
it's just a mini cooper at notice the
drunk it works no it's not yes it is
down here it's just the steering wheel
no it's not a John Cooper Works car
gorgeous Mike it's an a-hole it's the
John Cooper Works more is the Mini
Cooper spore okay you're waiting to put
your flashlight on here gorgeous I know
it says John Cooper on the stereo no
they told me that other time that it
would have that written on air well yeah
because that's what it is it's not
that's like my night drop isn't like
it's just got a night tick one just say
yadi - did you just see that Fox that
was a John Cooper Works Fox a on his
tail we're heading back and I think what
we're gonna do because we were so tired
for some reason we've had a really
relaxing day understand why we're so
tired that's in the happiest day yeah
unless you become more tired yeah and
we're gonna sometimes like he just gonna
do more what makes you happy
and we're gonna get into bed and have an
early night maybe watch Britain's Got
Talent
there for a night hello and happy Sunday
I'm in the car with my boyfriend
alfred sydney days i don't know if
you've ever met him before
here he is tell us two things about
yourself that we might not already know
was born with an extra tooth you know it
was in the middle down here oh yeah they
do you want an extra T I once saw Cisco
gymnastics
Wow we are currently making our way into
town because today is the Brighton
marathon and we actually came here last
year with Holly didn't we we didn't I
don't remember it too well do you know
Holly bought me a pair of flip-flops
gave me blisters as well it was a much
hotter much Sun power yeah here is where
the marathon kicked off in Preston Park
we didn't see the kickoff kickoff we
didn't see the start because that was at
9:00 a.m. but it's currently 12 and I
feel like that's the three-hour mark I
feel like quite a lot of people might be
finishing around that mark know do you
think it's more for our yeah yeah alert
traffic wardens out in full force today
loving it yeah there'll be so many
people parked in the wrong places we
thought it would be nice to head in all
the sun's coming out here
nice watch some inner runners is so
funny because when my mum's run the
marathon three times I think and
actually somebody asked me on my
Instagram comments yesterday would you
ever run a marathon and I do have it on
my bucket list
I have to do one marathon in my lifetime
my mum started running after when me and
Joe were like teenagers so if my mum can
start running and do three marathons
with teenage children
I've still got a bit of time left it's
why is it something you want to do yeah
I wouldn't be able to say I've run a
marathon in my lifetime and I've got a
big medal to prove it do you not think
what's called run for a charity no it's
definitely cool but it's not work yeah
cool it's a lot of work a lot of work um
but it's not something I'm planning on
doing like soon because my fitness level
as you all know is not the best fact
it's nowhere near the best at all it's
awful but it is on my bucket list so
yeah I do want to run a marathon at some
point in my life also whenever my mum
used to watch the math and on TV she
would always be crying like really Moshe
and I used to be like oh mom seriously
it's so embarrassing like why are you
crying and last year when we were
watching have never been to the London
Marathon and to see any of the runners
but we came last year towards the
Brighton and it is so emotional like I
can completely see why my mum used to
cry watching it also she used to get
more emotional after having done it
because she knows what it feels like to
be those runners I'm just crying cuz I'm
like oh my god it's just everyone like
oh I just need to check every not
everyone like cheering people on and
like everyone's got their names across
they're like babes and everyone's going
come on Jane even though they don't know
who Jane is the morale is very high and
I am the sort of person that gets more
emotional if things like that then like
sad things like Britain's Got Talent
gets me every time because it's that
like you did quite a SmartWatch yeah I
did cry watching Britain's Got Talent
last night the golden buzzer act did
anybody else watch that if you didn't
quiet that you have a heart of like
stone you didn't cry
I've never seen Alfie cry ever I used to
cry so much when I was a kid everything
I don't think I've got any there yeah I
feel like one day maybe the floodgates
will open an album yet everything will
make you cry
you think yeah how much you love
listening to smooth extra not much at
all like really not much
just nipped in to workshop many of you
in Brighton you should definitely go in
there they have the loveliest things I
just picked up a little pair of
sunglasses
Bajoran Batra origin what would you do
if I signed you up for this without you
realizing I truly had to do that and I
don't think I could do it I wouldn't be
at putting the time to Train
we went and saw the marathon we wanted
to cross the bridge which takes you from
the side where the finish line is in it
to the side where the finish line is and
the queue to be fair put the pop-up shop
queue to absolute shame in or even it
was ridiculous I can't even tell you
those people will be in that queue to
cross the road for hours and then
imagine the queue to cross back whenever
so me and Alfie were like let's get some
food I feel like in typical like form
it's like what do we do what do we do
should see we went to prayer we got some
lunch had some lunch
nipped into patisserie Valerie because
it was nearby got myself one of my
favorite little cake cuz I haven't had
one of those in a while and then we just
thought should we try and cross the road
should we go watch some more no let's
just head home because it's actually
quite cold and it's one of those days
today I feel like we're it's a cozy day
do you know what I mean like a Sunday
cosy day but the weather oh it's like I
want to get in the bath and then put my
pajamas on do you know what I mean next
week though it's gonna be sunny the
hottest day though I've got a photoshoot
which I'm so sad about because on the
hottest day I'm doing something and I'm
inside all day I'm really excited to get
back and see our doggie because we've
seen so many cute dogs
and now it's raining that is good timing
if you ask me and we skipped all the
truck cuz I scared me
and we skipped all the traffic coming
out which will probably be happening in
around an hour and a half she just wants
me oh I love her I love you so much NOLA
Alfie's just nipped upstairs to start
editing his vlog I am eating oh god this
is not good idea
I'm eating my patisserie Valerie cake
and I am writing more of my book sorry
if it gets really boring that all I'm
doing in like most of these vlogs at the
moment is writing I am putting obviously
other little bits and pieces that I'm
doing alongside that so hopefully it's
not like too boring for you and
obviously this will just now be a
time-lapse but that is genuinely what I
am doing so I thought I would vlog I
have two little bits left to right I've
done all the chunky bits of text now I'm
actually a little bit sad but it's
coming to an end I'm really really
enjoying it
but yeah I'm just gonna sit and try and
do a bit of this before I then I think
maybe then me and Alfie might feel some
Sims and then I'm gonna have an
afternoon bath which is like one of my
absolute favorite things to do
especially on like a cozy Sunday oh and
wearing the Abercrombie & Fitch jumpsuit
that I showed in my last vlog with the
white t-shirt underneath which I also
said I wanted to do and I really really
like it it's a lovely fit because it's
elasticated on the back so yeah love
that I love you
I've got real like attachment issues
with natto right now I can't bear to be
away from her and also I think she feels
the same way we're just stuck at the hip
at the moment aren't we path
okay so I actually forgot to end this
vlog so it's technically the next day as
I'm editing it but I just wanted to say
thank you so much for watching as always
I absolutely love you guys and all the
comments you leave and all the support
you give give the video a thumbs up if
you would like to be a fellow supporter
and I will see you again very soon with
another because I'm filming today so
you'll Fabrizi that very thing
