good morning it is the new door and it
is a new day and today I'm gonna vlog
more because I am doing more first
things first I'm really joking I want
some breakfast and Alfie Easter
breakfast and then we are heading into
town hmmm do not have many strawberries
left someone ate some Straub's okay so I
want some strawberries where's our armor
and maybe some mango and some yogurt
school system
yo Bali your Valley honey yoga Oh
someone's already had some of this who
was that I think that's all I'd like Oh
pineapple and some yummy Happy's being
really annoying today guys I'm just
gonna film it personally guys you know
in your new your tongue goes back and a
tiny dose sprayed probably sprayed in my
one big what believe times Oh his cheek
and my ass you can exaggerate so she was
I got like a towel and was like her so
miniature a swimming costume on and that
snorkel and stuff because you thought
there was that much water
alright and do it Eve now you can what
do you think people don't know what it
looks good you do that feet not people
they no sir because I just cry them or
diamond a lot of people don't like that
noise of teeth brushing anyway let's go
where are we
we're lost where'd you run ago stop you
tell me where you okay let's go down
here cuz it looks like shops no no no
there's always me and I today is the
Langley room once was like okay yeah so
tomorrow I'm going to see you as you're
watching this on I probably have you
seen them really going up the David you
seen them yeah I'm gonna go see Anna and
Jonathan and Amelia and Eduardo and with
doggies because they just moved and
they're not actually too far from
Brighton so I'm gonna go and pay them a
visit and I just want to get them like a
little moving in card and like a couple
of little things for me here and Eduardo
I think I love this shot this is one of
my favorite shops they've got some
really cute little things
Alfie's in there there is
we are done shopping and now we're going
to out these women dance because it's
Father's Day happy Father's Day dad even
though you'll just let you know you're
in the wrong lane you'll see this
tomorrow but I brought you a little
present
I'll just give it to you next time you
come down or next so I can see and I'll
go for a barbecue aren't we
we're gonna attempt to govern barbecue
it's not the nicest weather my mom said
my mom said that we can cut the barbecue
outside and sit in the kitchen which
kind of defeats the object but I put the
fire on as oh yeah I know she said she
needed but she might better heating on
I'll dream last night
Alfie's mom shot me in a good way
because I wanted to die it was a really
weird dream it sounds like she just mad
at her and I was like there's no good
way of shooting something but don't
bother asking commenting saying why or
how because the story to be able to get
to the shooting was like a 40-minute sit
down while we were having breakfast this
morning which I'm not so much a bad
thing would be too long to explain for
this video but basically she did it in a
nice way because I wanted to die quickly
no it wasn't that you wanted to die it
was day it was either that you get
brutally murdered in front of loads of
people or you quickly get shot in the
head yeah so she should quickly shot me
in there which was better than dying
slowly it was like The Hunger Games but
also like a game it was
it was really weird it's like there was
different levels and and then Tanya was
so sad I when I was a ghost after I died
I showed myself so she can see me and I
hooked her and I was like it's okay
berries are we I say I wasn't even in
your treatments I see what oh you didn't
but you both of you were sad but you
weren't me crying was I'm crying that he
died no Joe was sad but he still made
videos what is that
that's know there's a little article
about us all in you which came with the
Daily Mail I think and is Tanya and
Marcus here's me and Joe we've never had
a photo taken together before so this is
quite nice I thought
cherry many healthy known as the sweet
one and then this ad on either side my
favorite bloggers I'm not sure we have
more influence than one direction
orianna's oh yeah what a line now she's
making me a kebab bit of yellow pepper
all double fold in isn't that what
you're supposed to do anyway so it
really stays on yeah never tomato and
then maybe just another bit of chicken
that's a big bit I'll hold her okay I
don't like to sexual chicken oh that
yeah okay I'm coming okay now there's a
seagull stay away there wasn't too much
of a barbecue it was more heat up in the
barbecue cook it in the oven
it happened you always it always tends
to be because barbecues are always a
good idea but never a good practical
thing unless you light in a park with
the beach then yeah I always find the
disposable ones actually work pretty
damn well yeah
don't even know where we are right now
I've noticed this January but I still
don't know my way around guys she knows
it she knows so I've just filmed and
edited and uploaded my anxiety video I
hope you guys like it I went on like a
massive ramble and Alpha's gonna come
over in a bit I think Louie is
embarrassing I need to put my phone on
charge actually cuz it's about to run
out and word this feels like out so far
I just wanted to show you some little
bits that I bought for Amelia and
Eduardo I just couldn't resist me now if
we were in the lanes and then there's
some really cute little shops in there
in there there and um I just bought a
few bits um this is what I got for them
this is for a media it's tea for two and
it's like a little flat with a sandwich
of a biscuit and a little cupcake and I
cut this is just a little card I got
them which says new home and this which
was horrible oh my god it's a tiny
little hat I don't really know what it
is I guess it's just a cute little hat
Mary Mary Mary Mary berries so that's
cute and also I got Eduardo this I see
this little guy everywhere I don't
really know what it is I know it's
French I think it's like a teething ring
so when he starts to get his little
teeth through he's got this cute little
giraffe I really wanted to because
weirdly I don't know if I've ever said
this actually and I've been watching
them a really really long time
when I went through a bit of a shitty
time in 2012 I used to watch their
videos every single day and they were
the one thing
that distracted me from life and made me
happy so Jonathan and Anna if he didn't
know that an ID so I can totally relate
to people when they say youtubers make
me so happy and your videos distract me
from I've had a really bad day and new
videos make me happy because there are
other people's videos who do the exact
same to me and yeah I think it's really
nice and so I just would get them a love
songs on this not ejected properly a bit
late you already feel more of that this
what do you feel when my shoulder not
even my face with that who else is a
badass and eject the disc doesn't who's
a badass ejects it like a mentor who's a
badass and eject the disc he's a badass
it doesn't eject the disc I never do
oh I see something pop a hardcore film
fill my laptop no didn't even a jet that
mutter mutter why are you riding your
bike I bought Zoe this bike for her
birthday March the 28th okay I bought
this bike for a March the 28th how many
times have you used that I'm not joking
I just dented my freaking finger I just
trapped in a slice - slice down here is
your vlogging me can you not see that
yeah they can see it as well
look guys they're like you're so
horrible let me at you see here it's
breezed in my bike better my why circle
to me like you take this I'll get your
bike for you Thanks
well the thing is guys is that he has a
bike too and we were going to go on bike
rides together I think I'm covering oh
and it's go tonight and then I
we don't write this as well we can't we
we have one helmet between us that's my
helmet and it has a light on it so we
can
that really hurt first time I've been
confident I've been rehearse you just
stood there filmed me by guys right now
steady on guys there we go yeah don't
know what yarn about everyone in the
comments if you know what I want about
boys it
how can you not know Zoe go spit crack
at at nighttime 10 o'clock she's usually
asleep by now guys just look at her
sorry to climb out my finger but really
hurt the bike bit my finger
Oh charlie
I found a video the other day I don't
know how I found it
your search is elfine you tripped over I
was and I found a video good sort of
zappy very first you now show when was
it from the north of the 8th 2012 which
is August right 9th of the 8th 9th of
August
mm-hmm unless it was the 8th of
September because I know that Americans
do it the other way around wouldn't know
I will show them the video I'll be like
mom I'm gonna film this video later what
do you think of it a little bit what do
you think of this bit little side smile
alright when our friend says she's gonna
come live but she doesn't know how it
works let me call her up what's his
little face my sister no I'm not gonna
go a sister although she did ask and I
said no
no no are you on your laptop going to
you now don't come to the shows and
press are you nothing with your Facebook
yeah and then oh no you have to join the
two to the live you used to down
sideways smile why don't you do that
anymore I wonder if any of your viewers
have notice that you don't look how much
you've changed look at the hand I twist
face you're such a hairy beast now so
basically supposed to be they're a bit
confused now this is the this is the
first time me and Alfie don't you show
spoke on you now wait wait a fret it's
gonna come what is your sideways smile
yeah no I think my face just seems
fatter because I keep stubble like it's
like clean shave tomorrow like nothing
and then maybe my face Willis skinny and
then I'll start side with smiling again
night but yeah that was like the first
you now show you came joint life so we
split both us live versus train join and
you can't actually see me in that video
but you can hear me go
hello I don't know I'm doing that was
like my first you now show and Alfie
made me come into his show and then the
funniest bit is that when I join you
guys home everyone everyone knows who
you are
and even back then had SS you should try
and find that one that we did together
where there was a dad daddy longlegs in
there no you remember that time I went
to the Isle of Wight together
and then there's a spider oh my phone
like so many videos of me Zoe
Alfie hates spiders I filmed just a tiny
snippet of the clip in here I don't know
if I could find it if we can find it
then I'll put it in if not remind us is
right
make our fee get rid of the spider and
it was massive like it wasn't massive it
wasn't no no it wasn't like a little
spider is more like it was kind of like
a tarantula it was kinda like it was a
house spider one of these house final it
was really fast there wasn't so if I can
find any of that I will insert that
that's right replace yeah I'm trying to
flip that know there's something China
in there you can't flip it okay I'll do
all the smash that and get away right
tip the metal thing tip the metal thing
well you wanna break out Oh what I'm
sayin
so the first picture of like Zoey
properly in person is this picture here
focus focus but I look hideous but the
first pitch of us together let me turn
it sideways and zoom in no one's ever
seen this photo is that okay happy yeah
then is that you know it's the first
picture of us ever did you post that
anywhere don't know maybe oh let me in
your head
but weirdly they already look like a
couple there and we definitely were not
know well this was the first day we met
Oh memories what happened basically I
had this little one on my chest look
down and I'm like Oh nibbling my hair
pull my hair away and this is hanging
out of his mouth show them how much it
is railway you can't see that is how
much of my hair was in his mouth that's
more than I ever get cut off at the
hairdresser's silly Percy you can't eat
a hair we are looking at tree house
design to be fair Louie I can never
imagine you living in a house it's not
ever gonna be a house I am gonna go to
bed now because I'm super tired good
night no good night do your do your
ending peace out enjoy life live the
adventure
oh don't fight Oh
