guys I think I have like super
intelligent guinea pigs Harry is
chilling in his hammock but like
whenever they finish their seed they
turn the bowl upside down to kind of
make me see that they're done and then I
turn it back up the right way and put
more in there but then when they're done
listen when they're done they flip it
over again like that's so weird
Oh someone's heard me and I think
they're getting fed again I've already
fed you today I've already fed you yes I
have he's got the seed he's happy
yeah I just want to show you this I mean
I love doing French but that is quite
creepy is it not how have you seen that
yeah I was gonna say she like
you know it's just yeah it's like really
creepy
Bhaiji leftover French but maxillary and
lollipop and then you start you lowly on
and then that's her face a little bit on
the edge of the lollipops there that's
what it looks like
it's greedy busy
you should know how a do you train them
getting is can you tell when's my needs
in London five yeah time is it now what
time is it now
so 911 six hours early
I am a balloon right now here's the
office here's everyone working really
hard
hi Chloe I saw you there try and turn
away and I'm just currently going
through my peer box drop some scissors
the dangers the dangers there we go P o
box and I've just had a really exciting
looking annoyingly I do not have
anything about it until closer to the
time but what I can tell you is I am so
excited and I hope that you guys will be
excited - yeah I'm just going through my
peer box on the floor pair of scissors
in my hand looking like a crazy person
so I received a poster in my peer box
which Dom seems to have taken a liking
to he is a lovely looking lat you gonna
stare at that Lucy doesn't like it this
doesn't I'm just going through my peer
box I found this lovely felt very which
upon you makes me it like a female form
according to our face I mean this is the
letters I had in my PA box don't know if
you can quite see the scale of this guys
but um because we get so many I don't
want you to ever be offended that I
can't write back but even if it takes me
into I'm 90 I will read all of them so
if you do want to send a letter but only
send letter they don't need like
presents or anything so if you do want
to send a letter
don't expect your reply if I had like
Bionic skills then I could but I don't
but I am very much looking forward to
reading all of them so thank you very
much everyone who sent you something
myself and how he's blocked it off with
cardboard we are now in Hoxton grille
which i've never been in before but it
looked amazing
there's books there's books okay I'm
sold
I'm sold we're home I'm personally I'm
so excited to be home it's been a really
long day I carried so much back I've got
a lovely outfi picnic basket a whole
suitcase of letters and things from my
p.o box and now we are going to have a
chill-out evening watching some TV with
commanders I kind of feel like we may
have gone a bit overboard on the chips
this is my just tweeted saying there's
nothing better if you're a girl and
taking off your bra at the end of the
day especially if it's been really
uncomfortable I've lost the challenge
that someone else was writing on my
Twitter everyone was like oh my god I
agree so I'd take your bra off and then
I put it on the side and then we'd
search fit Nando's on the plate next to
it so that's bit awkward a lot different
they've not cut the picture up no but I
don't mind a lot ripping it anyway
super excited for this which one's mine
which one's yours I had EE me in the
wrap so there's more dinners
yeah obviously I have a chicken as well
but there's more halloumi than chicken I
think and then some mash which is my
fave and then we've got chips but I
think you're important can I put this in
there yeah but a tiny bit
I don't do spice in my video with Joey
yeah so I'm really excited to eat this
and to just chill and what yeah someone
sent me those wooden now wooden and
they've got their desks at the side nice
let me see it's around where's the soda
there it is
those guys they actually see you they're
too big for my little pea head so you
can have to every light
it yeah look at committee pool hi guys
I'm gonna be mixing today and yesterday
into one vlog because it's already the
start of the month and I've had issues
but basically in order to get back on
track I'm gonna put these two days
together enough of that let's move on
and what pets at home because I gotta
get stuff for the guinea pigs but it's
been to the post office to pick up a
parcel and I am taking you with me
because that is what you do when you
daily vlog so I didn't actually vlog in
pets at home because it was completely
empty and echoey and there was about 10
members of staff in there so I felt
really silly I'm also drinking a coke
with my name on it I know how cool is
this this was in my p.o box I just I
never want it to go I'm gonna obviously
keep it but that was eyes I just thought
I would show you quickly what I got in
pets at home as I do little I've not got
this before but it looks really nice I'm
like anything love hey much to our
thesis may as he suffers with incredibly
bad hay fever little treat we've got
this which is Rolly knees what else
Stickles these are cute these are
timothy hay and herbs topped with tasty
dandelions if you have guinea pigs you
will know that they absolutely love
dandelions so I got booze I also got
these ones which I put in cranberry
flavor my picks aren't huge fruit lovers
so I have to try and inject fruit where
I can
hence some more fruit sticks they much
prefer vegetables
I always put fruit in there and it's
always the thing that gets left although
they do like blueberries and grapes so
that's my little guinea pig Paul nope
which is definitely not for the game
pigs now to sort through this suitcase
of letters I'm actually so excited to go
them look how keep these stickers are oh
my goodness so I'm going through your
letters and one thing that always
astounds me I'm really sorry much
showing my face right now I feel really
self-conscious go it's gone all a wall
but it's the age difference of the
letters that I get I get some from 30
year olds I get some from 24 year olds I
get some from 10 year olds I've even had
letters from 7 year olds and I think
personally for me letters are my
favorite way of reading about your
stories and how I've helped you and just
basically finding out about you guys
yeah I love it a lot so much look how
cute thank you so so much Yasmin this is
so cute there's Louise me and tan
another thing that I really love about
you guys study me letters although
please don't feel like you have to send
me a letter it's just a resource of a
way that you can get in contact with me
is that you all handwrite like
considering it's the sort of the the
modern thing to do would be to type and
we're all talking on Twitter and I'm
even talking to you now via social media
I just love that you all take the time
out to write to actually write letters
like there's nothing more special than
receiving our handwritten letter and oh
I love it it makes me so emotional
Isabel she's 11 years old and it says if
you read this letter I would be over the
moon well it's about I did read your
letter and you have Nietzsche
handwriting than me and also your
drawings are amazing touching letter
alert I'm gonna cover her face and her
mum's face in case they don't want to
actually be you know shown on the
Internet but this is Hannah
and her mum and she wrote to me saying
that her mum had breast cancer
thankfully she is all good now and I'm
so so pleased that she's doing well and
I just wanted to say that I'm so
pleased that I was able to bring you a
little bit of light at such a hard time
and I wish you both the best I love you
oh my goodness this is just the cutest
this is Charlie age 9 I'm gonna cover
her face just for security reasons but
she is so adorable and she has actually
enclosed an envelope so I am going to
send you a signed photo don't you worry
thank you so much charlie you are so
cute oh well guys this is from Japan
this is so cool it's got this Lexus from
Katie and at the bottom it says if you'd
read this far I can now tick off one
thing off my bucket list
so Katie you can take that off I've read
your letter look at this amazing
birthday card from dear I love it okay
guys so I've been sat for two hours and
this is the amount I've still got left
to read and this is everything I have
read which looks like nothing but that's
how long it takes me to read through
your letters I just want to say that
please don't feel like you have to write
me a letter
I love reading the letters that you send
me please don't send me any you know
presence or anything like that it's your
words that definitely mean the most to
me but if you don't write a letter
it's your comments and even if you just
watch my videos that means so so much to
me so whether you write to me in a
letter or leave me a comment or tweet me
or simply just watch my videos I love
you all exactly the same and obviously
without any of you guys I wouldn't be
able to do any of the things that I do
so thank you so much and I love you what
do you think about it
that was a big wave out
