good morning everybody it is currently
Wednesday morning and we still have
fuzzy Nala look I just sat on the sofa
and Alfie's just been in the gym what
are you now making for breakfast after a
long moment yeah toast with 5x5
eggs behind oh we said five eggs I was
like blimey and I am going for some
yogurt and some fruit because that's the
kind of mood I'm in and there we go that
is my delicious breakfast I'm actually
so excited to either
I am having break I've been sat in that
plastic chair because I haven't got
anything on my back today
I literally have been stuck to the chair
and the doggies have been sleeping next
to me I put their doggy bed down and
also this off this chair so they've been
sleeping on that how much about reading
today so far today I've written two
thousand two hundred ninety five words
eaten a lot of foxes chunky cookies
extremely chocolatey which fYI are
bloody fantastic Alfie was feeling a
little bit like weird this morning I
think maybe he just got up too quickly
and had quite a few late nights he's
just been very busy so he had a little
lie down and then he fell asleep which I
don't think he was intending on doing
but he did say to me can you come and
wake me up in an hour
so I'm fulfilling my girlfriend duties
I'm gonna try and game up why don't you
have a little shower that'll wake you up
okay do you not at these beautiful
flowers that poppy and Shawn bought us
to say thank you for New York these
lilies are in sane actually they've all
come out over night these were closed
yesterday I just think they look so
lovely because of the pink chairs in the
dining room don't they and then pink
neon behind and the pink balloons these
balloons are still going strong after
the photo shoot yeah yeah we wrote
helium of they used to fill these like
the hearts of sort of I mean it's
holding on but these these are still
like fresh as anything crazy but yeah
these flowers just beauty thanks poppy
and Shawn beautiful bunch of flowers
feeling more fresh now I'm doing good
very good not a lot a hundred so try it
I don't think I'm very well but I'm out
of bed yeah it's one of those things or
it's like you need to eat we are now
heading out for a bit of fresh air
stretch the legs get us out the house
the most magical place in the world
those at home which actually isn't the
most magical place in the world but
right now it does feel like it because
you when you see kids see like you know
rubbing for the first time or something
new pet that's cute yeah that's cute but
we're going to buy some dog balls that's
not as cute but still we might end up
getting rabbit or a guinea pig no that's
not get another guinea pig let's get out
of here let's skedaddle we've literally
got the best parking space look at edge
couldn't have been any closer
so far we've got poo bags and fresh
breath drops Alfie here are the bowls
oh wait that's not all the bowls is it
Oh got the bowls we haven't got the
balls it's not the right bowls they've
got these these are the butcher's we
could get one Llosa's water or as an
absolute it list she could let you drown
in it it is really massive I like these
ones these are the right size
they're nice bowls narrow cables ya know
do for now they always have really great
toys in this pets at home
don't they look at this little bumble
bee I feel like they would love that
they'd like the pig it's a crinkle Nala
loves how great a pig with a hair bitch
she loves the hair bear lost him and
then found him by the fish
what a cool white one oh yeah I used to
have fish like that they're really hard
to keep alive in a little time I managed
to not keep alive like five of them yeah
goldfish are harder to look after than
you think
and I don't know why because me and Joe
had two goldfish when we were younger
and they were called Rosie and Jim and
honestly they just lived in the most
basic fish tank with like just tap water
in it and they were absolutely fine like
sometimes the tank was green and they
were still fine so I don't know how it's
become so difficult to keep goldfish
alive these days but it is we have in
here we got Percy and new little medium
carrot cottage because he loves these
he's always hiding in there we've got
two new dog bowls they didn't have the
ones we needed but these are just as
cute and I think fingers crossed they
will eat and drink out of them some
dental sticks we just basically said all
this in our fees blog but we have had
Nollan out for three and a half years
and although we have tried many many
times brushing her teeth is impossible
hugs are a bit like new titurius or
they're very well known for basically
not letting anyone go near their mouths
or their teeth it's always really
difficult when we go to the vets for a
checkup because they're like oh let's
check up on our teeth and I'm like good
luck with that because she won't let you
so we're having to find lots of other
ways to keep her oral hygiene up to
scratch so basically there's a few
things in here
today so we bought these gentle sticks
these are just the pets at home run then
we also bought these ones which looked a
little bit more like healthy these are
by greenies oral health solution teeny
treats for dogs between two and seven
kilograms I also have to be very wet
because of pugs gaining weight quite
easily we have to be quite careful with
things like dental sticks because if we
give them to her
too regularly she's just gonna put on so
much weight I bought these for Persie -
fruit flavoured stick also for Persie
this because this is his favourite it's
like a little Fitness food fall it's got
hay in it I don't know he just loves
those some tropiclean fresh breath drops
which you just add to their water which
apparently gives them up to 12 hours
fresh breath we shall soon see about
that awesome cage fresh granules for
Percy's cage and they smell absolutely
amazing if you have any small pets they
it kind of smells a little bit like baby
powder it smells really nice this was
actually recommended to me by my auntie
because once when we were at her house I
was like your dogs have been whitest
teeth I've ever seen and she said that's
because I use plaque off which is like a
what's it say it says recommended by
vets for good oral health it says it's a
hundred percent pro dem plaque up is
completely natural product and you
basically put a scoop of that into their
food and that also helps with their
teeth so it's kind of gonna be a bit of
a trial and error
we got some 50 extra-large piled-up
biodegradable poop bags and we bought
Nala a little crunchy squeaky bumble bee
and we bought us this like long extreme
quilted durable dog toy do you want to
have these we bought these for you get
all the plastic out anything there we go
wait let me give you them at the same
time because this could this could cause
an issue it's okay sit there you go
buddy
oh hi passport status it's never gonna
be as straightforward as essentially
they can just share right who wants one
of these them give you one each and I
can almost guarantee you neither of you
there is no way buzz we eat this okay
sit there you go there you go no
thinking about it you're a bit more
fussy than not aren't you oh is that
nice I'm just checking the whole things
I had a ball yeah oh no too soon Oh
Nyla's probably already finished hers
they're nice
I'm gonna have the freshest breath and
the cleanest teeth when your mummy and
daddy come to pick you up buzzy oh and
all has finished hers I'm pretty sure
you know look I going to find buzzes
NOLA no let us let us finish his Nullah
yeah you play with your bumblebee fella
right I've made Alfie a cup of tea and
I've also gone for a mint tea in one of
my favourite mugs this is a little
Moomins mug love it right I think I
might have to put this camera way
because I'm not sure I can carry two
cups of tea with one hand okay back up
in the office now and I've got my tea
Cheers went for a little peppermint tea
I've actually been really loving butter
mint tea I need to do that in my March
favourites actually which is probably a
little bit overdue now it's the 11th I
need to film that I might film that
later but butter mint tea is just the
one it tastes like humbugs it's amazing
so I do need to order some more of that
because I was really sad when I went to
cupboard and I was like oh we're really
fancy abutment teeth don't have one do
you have a pat minty though which is my
second favorite type of tea kind of the
only tea I actually drink and I'm just
saving up this last little bit of the
Edit for my vlog which is gonna be going
up tonight and then I'm gonna crack back
home with writing I've gotten on to a
section of the book where I've brought
myself downstairs because I'm currently
writing out all the different types of
games and board games I would recommend
playing in different scenarios so so far
I've got the casual family get-together
the friends sleep over and the more
lively house party those could be
tweaked that's just what I've called
them for now so I'm going through all
our games because I have so so many that
I'm always playing with people or always
recommending other people play and we
actually have three draws in here of
games Oh
well okay that one won't open but we
have a lot of game so amongst all of
these I'm gonna pick some of my absolute
favorites that I think people should own
if they are hosting specific events so
yeah this game giving them away but this
game is great for I would put this in
the front sleepover category and the
family actually but it's not it's not
the kind of game you'd play like if you
are having a long games kind of casual
Sunday I feel like this is more like
it's funnier if you've got quite a big
group of people so school is a good one
why should I put that I think I'm gonna
put that in the friends sleepover dream
phone obviously plastic hey what's that
there's that one game I actually don't
have it Cluedo that's good for like a
family also boom boom balloon would be
such a good one for loads of you like
when we did our stuff like Christmas
party the year that's just gone last
year we all played boom boom balloon and
that went down really really well so you
could kind of play that with like a
sleepover amount of people but you could
also play that like in a more lively
house party as well lunchtime I have
made myself and Alfie I wanted to do a
BLT but we don't have any tomatoes which
made me really sad so it's just a BL
about bacon lettuce baguette these look
ginormous with Mayo okay I'm gonna go
take one up to alfie now lunch is served
brother ya little midget with you I
don't mind
yes downstairs or should I come on
yeah okay I'll wait for you to come down
then we're trying to use the new bowl
did the time and it ain't going well
what's that I mean you couldn't be
further away from the bowl if you tried
oh wait no hang on hang on she's not
what more grounds than hers yeah but
she's not hanging out of it either
now who's he barking ah hey what's up
come on okay let's pretend right okay
fine you don't like this bowl I'll put
it this is like you can't fool me with
that one good boy
no Nala this is not for you this is
buzzes oh that's your dinner look at him
looking at me like are you kidding me
woman this is not my bowl okay oh oh I
know I just did I understand why she
know it makes a different noise so this
bottom bit is bent inside no no come on
no fussy good girl good
I might eat in a minute they mean you
need to start you know these he's gone
then you show them what to do after Bowl
because then when we have our dinner
then wouldn't ever try and eat it
because they don't want those bodies to
I mean I think we have to leave it if
they want food they've got to eat have
those bowls they cannot be that fussy oh
dear oh we had a poke snore you go there
buzzy oh gosh
there you go oh okay oh no no oh yeah I
don't know why one is so funny
good girl see that's like in the bowl
she's terrified
good boy
what's these she's gonna play Paul don't
pretend that you're interested nyla cuz
we all know that you're not okay we put
me and our you've got one of these each
we're gonna go and run the dogs around
for a bit get them tired before bedtime
alright buzzy this is like buzzes
favorite thing look he's genuinely
smiling and then not a will pretend to
be interested but she's not really
having a boyfriend but buys so many
things that just sit in the garden as
soon as I blow this up I put a pumping
direct then you guys are all good again
and I just jet it spray it down oh we
like you're gonna have the time to do
that it's probably God Jenna Fox is
living in it's like you know when you
get in a box yeah and this this belongs
next door I'm a creative thanks
I just can't carry it by myself like
that's legit sure I can't carry our
whole house would be full of gadget it's
fun for like a day and then it sits all
lonely and rots on its own I think it's
fine and it will be a lot of fun when we
have children okay how about this you'll
be like the fun dad and I'll be
the pouring soy saying no to all the
crazy outdoor toys look at those BMXers
they look great I don't know how do I
have you know be not been on that rock
wall and wasn't was it not fun
it was what I'm saying is it's fun but
then it needs to put away I'm taking
care of fun memories there's fun vlogs
moments finding buyer where's the other
little ball thrower things are we trying
to tell everyone no no I just carried
this inside now this here and what did
Zoey say what did you say this is your
broad camera well you were just bugging
on this camera just now saying you leave
everything outside there's a little
where's your little ball throw up I just
left outside I forgot it I'm going to
get it that's the difference Alfie no
the difference is this is like a two pug
dog toy just been reading through all
your lovely comments on my vlog and also
my American Hall and quite a few of you
have said that my voice sounds really
deep and when I was editing it I thought
I was going a bit crazy because I was
like why does my voice sound so deep
does my voice sound like that in real
life I don't think so I don't know like
something broken in my voice box
Alfie haven't said my voice is deeper
like no one else has said that to me in
real life so I think it's either my
camera or my editing software because
when I first dragged the video in it was
really noticeable and then I think as I
carried on editing I just got used to it
so I didn't really think much of it and
I was like I don't
stand why all of a sudden it would edit
it deeper but having said that I know
there was a time when it was doing it to
Tom's videos and a couple of my
brother's videos it's done it to you as
well because I'll be watching one back
there it's me and him
bloody hell and I'll be like Joe our
voices sound really deep so sometimes I
think final cut just has a little bit of
a moment which maybe it's done but now
I'm like is this video gonna be deep as
well I don't know I'll try to fix it but
if it's not fixed after this video then
maybe it's the camera or maybe I
my voice is broken I don't know I'm
actually now gonna have a bar although
it's quite warmer it's a very warm
evening this evening I think it got to
about like 13 degrees which yes is not
actually that warm but it's been very
cold here but I looked at the weather on
my app and next week like towards the
end of next week it's going to be really
hot well it's really hot it's gonna be
like 17 degrees which I mean is spring
weather and I'm so here for that but
yeah I just thought it would be nice to
run a bar so oh I should probably put a
plug in there we go I really like having
a bar where the evening is like just
happening
these windows it's really nice to just
watch like to watch it gets up I love it
you're gonna go for some zoella beauty
bar frosting because this is basically
all I've been putting in my bath through
survey I love it I've got through a
whole one of these in like a week I do a
sachet per bar and for anyone that like
isn't sure about what a bath milk is so
it's actually powder it's not like a
milk it's a power done and I first got
into these like three years ago I find
them very moisturizing and a nice
alternative to like a bath bomb or
bubble and I just feel like it's more
beneficial for my skin and since my
skin's been a bit drier I just find
using something like that it's just
these are set up a little bit I don't
know I just don't bath milk like really
enjoyable so the fact that I have my own
bar milk powder like still makes me so
so happy yeah fast milk powder I think
this is actually one of my favorite
products I've ever brought out said take
a dick with this moisturizing bath
frosting enriched with extracts
elderflower and pomegranates have
stopped them bright San Antone
at t 1 sachet under warm running water
and swell until the water turns a milky
white mmm I love it
so as I mentioned buzz is staying here
at the mo and he sleeps in this room in
knowledge pen which he slept in many
times before he's fine in the pen but
this morning when we open the door my
makeups just much to take that off this
morning when we open this door he was
out of the pen and the pen is still shut
so it doesn't really make any sense how
he got out of that and we've not moved
it this is where it is how do you think
he got out so tonight when we put him to
bed I am going to set up a camera
because I am desperate to see what he's
doing and how he's getting out of there
so we have the camera I'm now gonna plug
it in where should we plug it in though
we need to capture this okay the camera
is now set up so we will soon find out
tomorrow morning how buzz gets out of
this so I've just taken off my makeup
and I'm about to do a little bit of
product testing what do you think this
might be very exciting something that
we've had in development no we're not
making hemorrhoid cream Alfie
so thing we've had in development for
over a year at the moment we are still
trying to finalize a good formulation
for this but so I am going to try this
product and then fill out the feedback
form to send back to them so that we can
get it right for you I finished testing
my product and now me and Alfie are
watching it's just started there
Charlotte hasn't even started yet yes
that you just started I just enjoyed it
it's so funny I just love her she's
great Chinese it is now time for me to
go to sleep
so I really hope you guys have enjoyed
today's vlog give it a thumbs up if you
did and make sure to subscribe if you
haven't already and I'll see you again
very very soon bye
