good morning everybody it is currently
Friday morning and we have been back
from New York for approximately four
days but today I am feeling so like
Spacey I don't normally get jet lag and
I've never really experienced it before
but having said that everybody told me
when you go to New York you'll be fine
when you get back from New York it will
hit you like a shovel to the face and I
was like oh God
because actually in New York I really
struggled so for the first at least four
days of being in New York I did not feel
myself I felt so weird
I felt Spacey I was tired I was wanting
to eat food all the wrong times
couldn't sleep properly I was
essentially a walking zombie and
although I still had the most incredible
time because I was able to like carry on
it was so annoying that I literally
didn't feel like myself until day five
six and then seven which was when we
were leaving but coming back this way
I've been absolutely fine like there's
not been a time where I've thought oh I
can't get up or I can't sleep kind of
just slot straight back into my normal
routine which is great but yeah when I
was editing point New York vlog on that
first day when we're in my wife reader
was it called Jack's wife reader I can't
remember Jack's wife reader I sound
drunk like I was editing that group and
I was like why should I sound like that
I sound so drunk everything I'm saying
sounds slurred and slow and there was
like so many parts of the vlog that I
just didn't put in because I was making
no sense and I was clearly on just like
another planet and I was like if I put
this in people are straight-up good I
think I've taken something or I'm
drinking at 7 a.m. but yeah it's so
funny how it affects you and even at the
time I was
oh I feel really out of whack but I'm
still having conversations and I'm still
getting up to go to breakfast couldn't
string a sentence together though and
it's only looking back at it that I'm
like I was not okay a little like New
York debrief I had the most incredible
time as a lot of you know transatlantic
flying and traveling is not something
I've done for a real long time because
my anxiety wouldn't allow it or I
wouldn't allow it anxiety isn't it like
an external force that just like sets up
camp in my body until I decide that I've
had enough it is my own mind creating
the fact I couldn't travel and having
worked with my therapist for a really
long time I started to book a lot more
trip started off very small I did things
like Edinburgh and I did a Dublin flight
in 2016 I think in January and I just
kind of built it up with small flights
we did Greece which was three hours and
three hours was kind of the longest I'd
done and then at the start of this year
I just said I'm never gonna get better
at this unless I push myself to keep
booking more flights when I was watching
the greatest showmen reason like
one-million why I love that film one of
the quotes in it which has really stuck
with me and I hope also resonates with I
just spark I'm getting way too into it
and I hope resonates with a lot of you
watching this was comfort is the enemy
of progress and I feel like a lot of
people probably apply a lot of comfort
in their life as the idea and the
thought of progressing with something
that you're not sure about or you're a
bit scared of is far more of an issue
and I think sometimes people would
rather stay in that kind of comfortable
bubble and that's essentially how I was
living my life and I didn't feel
fulfilled and I knew it wasn't the life
I was supposed
to be living and so more and more and
more I'm pushing myself out of my
comfort zone to progress within myself
personally within my business within
flying so at the start of the year I had
a moment where I just thought where do I
want to go and actually as much as my
anxiety has held me back from doing a
lot of traveling I love traveling it
doesn't make any sense well it kind of
does it's kind of like the anxiety was
like dampening the need and the want to
travel because the anxiety was feared
far more than the excitement of wanting
to go places so I'm trying to like hurry
adjust that and the only way I knew to
do that was to keep booking trips and I
wanted to do New York and I just thought
Sutter I'm booking it and even if that
flight is the hardest thing I've ever
done even if being in New York four days
out of the 7 I struggle they'll still be
three days where I have the most amazing
time and actually I had seven amazing
days and two amazing flights eight hours
and I did it and it was like great to be
able to push myself out of my comfort
zone and to prove to myself that I can
actually do it when you are avoiding
situations or you're not doing certain
things because of anxiety or panic
attacks or any other sort of mental
disorder claustrophobia a fear of flying
there's so many reasons why people might
not want to do something the more you
avoid it the bigger it gets the more you
talk about it the bigger it gets so just
doing it more and more and more you
build up such positive experiences that
they outweigh any of the negative ones
that you might have previously
experienced I think for me one of the
big things was having 10 years of
anxiety around so many different things
I had all these terrible memories and
experiences of doing things like flights
and airports and like trains and all
these awful experiences rode panicked
but obviously the thought of getting
back on a train and back on an airplane
is going to fill me with fear and if you
think too much about the fact that
you're probably gonna have a panic
attack you are a hundred percent going
to have a panic attack that is just the
way our cruel minds work so building in
lots of positive experiences and just
keep doing it it gets easier and easier
then you don't feel that fear so much
like even knowing this was the longest
way I've done in a in like four years I
didn't feel as nervous because I'd
already done so many great flights but
yeah there's my little Friday morning
chat for you
I was just driving here in the car and I
was like oh I really want to talk about
this because I absolutely love that
quote and if it sparked something in me
I feel like it might spark something in
someone else
I've even got it written on my phone
because I am sort of applying it to
everything at the moment every area of
life I want to try and apply the quote
comfort is the enemy of progress if you
don't want to progress fine but it's fun
to progress it's fun to like change and
it's fun to adapt your life and to do
the things that you set yourself as
goals and even if those goals seem so
far-fetched and crazy it's still
progress and it's still probably out of
your comfort zone so it's worth giving
it a try
what the hell was that anyway today on
the agenda I've got a meeting with do I
say who is weird because it gives it
away oh I know I'm like being a lot more
open with all the things I'm working on
but I feel like giving away this certain
thing it's really not happening in such
a long time that there's no point I am
actually filming the meeting and I have
filmed previous meetings but that's all
to be like shown when the time comes so
I have a cool meeting this morning with
someone you're all aware of probably
she's being in my vlogs before
then what am i doing I'm just having
like a general office day there's a lot
of things to do we've got two new people
starting this month and next month so
we're kind of preparing for that I had a
really big meeting yesterday where we
went through like a whole year of like
stats and like this is where your
channels are this is like a big old like
business debrief and I always liked
those meetings because although they're
very heavy it was five hours long
they're very motivating because it shows
you all the areas are doing really well
and it shows you the areas you could
probably improve on and I like that I
like that a lot it's very it's a good
kick up dr something but yeah that is
today got lots of the team in so I'm
excited to get in and see what's going
down hello my name is Regina phalange
top vlogging content we've had a cake
delivery from SLG so we're just
unwrapping it's like a little blissful
Miss full but it says 28 always like
it's like when you're 7 and you have
like a birthday cake doesn't it
it's massive so how do we cut this oh my
goodness oh go on
the end how also excited for the reveal
oh wow oh wow oh my goodness so much
attention
so who slices that meeting went very
well
very exciting now oh my god little
market that has lots of little different
food stores so I'm very excited to see
what they have you know I've never been
to this so I went from burrito in the
end it's a vegetarian burrito with smoky
black beans I'm very excited to talk
into it but I don't eat burritos like a
normal person I literally cut them up
and break them apart and make the most
amount mass look at this sneak peek of
something coming out very soon what is
it we're just looking at mock-ups of new
designs for the original collection the
I reckon maybe get rid of the pink what
do you think I just think it doesn't
look right
her grief I think this needs to be a
very standout Wow how do you feel about
all the adage like text on the front do
you still feel like it needs more or do
you think that that's a good amount I
actually still think just because
there's less going on yeah do you know
what I mean yeah
lies maybe doesn't give it the whole
like you lightly whipped feel yeah this
looks too much some of the suggestions
I'm Instagram for Marilla they like
double bubble oh no time oval pop fizzle
find a friend bubbles biswell bath
bubbles I kind of like being at blissful
in there cuz it's the blissful mystical
sad blissful bubbles these sensations
bubbly bliss
take a dip the bubble bless blissful
bubbles bubbles is about three and then
it won't throw back to the Baroness for
stupid yeah what do you think blissful
bubbles or bubble bliss both those I'm
happy with
this is the waitress with whipped
whipped so really good night audience
Alex just tweeted - hey always because
also well aware enough you can see
they're in shape though
you also see
I
bye guys
nice work who have you today actually
haven't seen Alfie after all thank you
meetings all day so I've had meetings
all day and now I'm going to be puppy to
get my nails done see that Alfie we let
me know where you are sir and go home
together
oh how are you gonna get home then show
the Monday skateboard stranger things
have worked though been serious I might
be I might not I'm gonna go about
forties now she's gonna change her shoes
especially it's gonna go for dinner yeah
you can come back you wanna find you
when I'm okay see you later bye
Wow
I'm gonna get our nails done nails done
yeah we've both gone for a spring blue
and I think they're very nice and it's
very um out of the ordinary for puppy to
not have hobbies lost of mine
we are now heading down to Z Z which is
where Alfie hello which is where healthy
Polly and Jesse are having dinner and
we're just going to go and crash it
basically we were invited
we're gonna go down see what's happening
oh my god
Polly I swear on my life when you said
hello by the first thing that came into
my head
oh yeah she wants to fit in poison
rosemary
it looks like Rosemarie no you do it
odds on you go selling this one to ten
three two one seven good morning
everybody well it's actually it's
actually afternoon not gonna lie I'm
giving myself a makeup free day today
because it is currently Tuesday and I
was in the office yesterday who's Robert
in the garden cute
and today is my stay at home and kind of
do a bit of writing still I'm still
writing cordially invited but yeah
Alfie's not here he's in London doing
something today so I thought it would be
really nice to have like an at-home work
day which I actually haven't had in
quite a while so yeah I'm having a
really nice day it's nice that I've got
no makeup on had a shower wash my hair
put on my this is actually a good
America tracksuit they sent it to my
peer box a thank you very much I
absolutely love it this is one of my
favorite colors this like forest green I
don't know I just think it goes with
like my eyes and hair color let's know I
like it what else have I been doing
today just working getting through a
list of things that I needed to get
through but it does feel good to get
through them definitely I find it really
difficult to concentrate solely on
writing if I know I've got like those
few niggly bits I haven't yet finished
or like sorted out so I've been trying
to do a little bit of that I've also
edited a vlog this more
so that was good just been replying to
lots of your lovely comments on my
Instagram if you don't already follow my
Instagram make sure to head on over and
follow it it's just at Louella I also
find oh I also find it's like one of the
nicest places to reply to people because
it's so easy so just been replying to
people on Instagram I basically asked if
there was anything else that people
wanted me to include in the book
obviously I've already written most of
it and I've already got like my mum a
list of everything I want to make sure
is included but I just wanted to like
double check that someone didn't have
this like burning desire to know a very
specific thing and lots of other people
were like oh my god I want to know about
that too there's quite a few people
saying things like your bar nighttime
routine and like keeping your office
tidy and stationary which isn't really
kind of the genre of the book it's
mostly like hostessing and celebrating
and like occasions so those things don't
really fit in there are a few things
that people suggested which don't fit
but I'm sure I will find other ways of
incorporating that into some other kind
of content like videos and stuff but
yeah most of the things you will saying
I've already got which I found very
reassuring so I'm really happy that I've
mostly just tipped everyone else's boxes
because obviously I want you to all
enjoy the book so yes just wanted to
make sure it had everything in it and I
think it's such a nice afternoon
isn't it doggies I'm having like a break
away from the laptop coming outside in
the very fresh air this time of year
and when summer turns to autumn is like
my favorite because the air feels
fresher I don't know I don't know how to
explain it but spring and autumn have
very fresh air like I just feel like I
can breathe again I'm not gonna lie guys
I've had one of those days today I think
because I've been on my own so I've had
too much time to think like I am so
lucky to be in this house we've had this
house for two years and I couldn't move
into it for two years because it was
having stuff done to it and I still have
moments now even though he moved in in
June last year I still have moments
where I'm like this is my garden like I
looked out this morning and I was like
this is my garden oh I don't know I just
don't think I'll ever get used to it I
just love it it's like a dream come true
this house is my dream come true
basically and I'm one lucky girl
especially when you can just like walk
out into garden and that noise of the
birds is like my favorite thing if I
ever have like nights where I feel a bit
on edge where I'm thinking too much oh
my god that's the biggest bumblebee oh
those freaking seen oh my god I'm
thinking too much I can't sleep or I
feel a bit anxious one of the things
that I always love to do is listen to
bird noises because I mean how could you
ever feel stressed if you listen to
sound of birds but also the sound of the
sea I love that too we've got buzzy by
the way did I say we have buzzed a
mandarin have gone to Edinburgh for a
couple of days so we've got bus which is
always nice because they love hanging
out with each other I think he might be
going for a pee he looks like he's
sniffing for something oh yeah okay
where's the bowl should we going to at
the pool
should we going at the porn Allah sounds
coming out that's nice Kim and
let's go let's go
you love your bald and intimately null
is not as fast she'll pretend to join in
are you eating the grass eating the
grass Conan Ready Steady Go
see Nala doesn't actually understand the
point of this game
whereas buzz could just play it forever
bring it back then
good boy bring it back is it cuz I'm
gonna hell that's good
buzz can I throw it again thank you
Ready Steady Go
it's just running around eating grass
Thank You buzzy good boy right again
Ready Steady Go
oh no no no run straight past Oh No
thank you buzzy
we've got a protest doesn't want to come
in every time I go to get her in she
moves back further bye-bye then come on
come on oh oh and if you're wondering if
the clown head has been put away no it
hasn't
fries actually moved it from the floor
to next to the sink oh dear I see what
the dogs think of this maybe I should
put it on and see if they recognize me
hi Darla busy right the big buzz likes
me more I think that concerns Bosley
hello this is so hot and sweaty oh okay
I'm gonna oh I know what I'll do I'll
put it in the cupboard and actually I
think that's good because then if
anyone's being nosy looking through our
cupboards if we hear a scream wanna know
who's been nosey
right back upstairs let's do civil right
Hank
