what day is it toughest a night Mustain
la me and her on our hands morning with
no makeup on our faces with my problems
until you look fine we've just woken up
it's really quite early and we're in
this spot today because we're gonna get
some stations such as nice that should
be in film for daily mix you can see the
facial being done over there but I'll
just do a little light flow should I
would show you around because I haven't
yet it's amazing and I'm really really
excited
yeah
yeah
she got lights coming up my back it
feels nice and you can see that on the
day you mix lovely I don't think my
nails have ever looked this good they
just look really nice and really healthy
I haven't spent any time on my nails I'm
really really bad for my nails so this
makes me want to do more with them hi
guys I'm sorry that I haven't really
filmed a lot today it's just been an
action-packed day I'm worried that my
boobs are hanging out this top hangs
really low
we've been filming all morning I've now
just got ready to go through them again
and yeah I'm just waiting for Lucy to
come and get me and I've straightened my
hair which I don't do very often and
it's quite long and knit my hair
don't ever really think of it it's that
long when it's all tied up but then when
it's not it's actually quite long we are
filming a fashion lookbook now me Tanya
and Ruth and that will be going up a
daily mix and yeah I've put together
some of my favorite outfits so I hope
that you like it and don't forget to go
over there and check them out if you
want to see them but I also have to edit
yesterday's vlog and the video that
failed yesterday and I haven't had time
to do it today so I hope I get some time
later on to do that for you guys but on
a happy note I love to buy and I love
being here and it's really nice it
doesn't feel like December it doesn't
feel like blog miss anymore so I mean
I'm kind of looking forward to going
back home so it's like more Christmassy
even though it's so cold and I hate the
cold
but I love it here with the sea and the
Sun and the sand just amazing love you
too bye
like a little section of wardrobe holy
crap that's like bigger than my bedroom
this is just better with that amazing
view in here oh this is just a little
little ooh senator when you dig
I'm guessing this is the game's green
slash bar how higher ceilings are jeez
it's time doing some filming outlined up
your game of chess if you can see these
pieces are pretty small is where God
would have eaten that dinner and Brad
Angelina look at that it's only a small
table nothing too fancy look at the size
of this TV
that's ridiculous oh my god everything
Oh to get to and from the lobby of the
hotel the master oh my goodness oh my
goodness no I even like the hannasseys
and the soap has got wow that's a really
magnified shot of me look that's so cool
it's like they've got a study each oh my
god me the TV Hey and this is that
cash view have you seen the view Lucy
it's insane you can pull the TV area in
here oh it's cute
oh just casually out on that balcony Wow
oh my goodness to know what everything
looks oh this is crazy
you can see the palm bet now you can see
the yeah call me there
much of I dropped my camera we've now
moved to the beach where we are doing
some Bloggie not loving where we are
doing some more look perky type thing I
was down back there this time hey it
looks so nice as it sunset another thing
you should do say what you do
like what you did time here so I get it
catching
oh that's wet so he's time to pose with
a giant fruit and you like dancing in
the rain is that right again come on
ring just gonna make all your feels
really dizzy Oh No never to be seen
again it's been a long day of filming
the sun's gone down and we're now
running a bar tap our feet into it and
we can't wait to have our feet washed
and I thought it would be nice because
we didn't have any bath salts or
anything to put moisturizer in there but
it's not work don't trust anything so
she doesn't know it might be nice once
we like mix it round though maybe it
just needs a bit of amazing no let's
just get in it quite hot okay no come on
sad
okay so will they time mocked me the
moisturizer has worked because my feet
because your brains growing so the
currently in this very swanky bathroom
automatically I'm not going to have to
help you hum no right I think I was
still really special like wiping to
further think that as you get off the
toilet flushes my pain even you saw
hover other bit too like I'm going
higher I think it's the second you take
it some other luthiers I squealed walked
out to second layer anytime squeal
interesting
