hey good morning everybody it's my
birthday today
I know 28 look what they've done for me
how beautiful the breakfast table is
we've got balloons pretty little table
confetti cute little plates and napkins
and the most perfect cake I ever did see
with the cutest candles is that 28
candles no that's quite a lot of candles
we got prezi's and OJ and coffee and
Sean's even put a hat on the little
leopard
happy birthday
yes we just lit lit we just set off a
confetti cannon
alpha did it in slow-mo so just watch
his vlog to see that that moment now
look cool tell you all right
does everyone want cake for breakfast
yeah you can't have cake on your
birthday when can you see that Chi is
loud oh oh
the camera yeah we've had a delivery -
coffee - more - white - bacon - DJ oh my
god these look insane the bacon what the
hell they were saving they also brought
bottle of champagne so this is the
company that we're staying with one fine
stage just delivered a little what those
one I don't know where's your little
receipt gone
could I try bacon while you go on them I
mean it's probably gonna be quite sweet
as well
boy he's going for the by coin is that
the yum-yum is that good bellissimo Omar
what's in the middle what's in the
middle hey we have a new game so he has
to get up to the top of the stairs
without touching one steep there's Joe's
guy so mean
do you she did a lot better than I
thought you doing I do the time go and
Joe oh yeah go up that's like I get
there without touching this monster easy
I'm not touching once that okay watch me
found yeah yeah I could say one two
three four five six a king does look
like there's been a Geordie Shore food
fight you're right you're Bob I look at
it then we have come out
the Chelsea Market young mum here we are
in a restaurant called les song a bistro
francais are you going to go for the
snails mark but you like everything I
think it was just a bad snail sweetheart
I think was eat but I am feeling so
Spacey because he's not really if you
give us a cake this morning though I
can't wait
52 lispenard Street yeah I love
surprises surprises when I'm terrify me
well it's not really a surprise at home
look if there's only certain number of
things it could be okay Alfie has just
told me we are heading to a shop
found ray which has necklaces that I
think are beautiful and did not ever
expect how if we would offer to get me
one for my birthday but he offered to
get everyone but we're going to the shop
to have a look at them very excited
are you sure about this you're
completely spoiling me you know that no
put that down
always know I love it you are too nice
to me this is extremely generous
you've also now just really upped the
birthday game thanks for that there's
some really nice things this is that I
feel like this is really up your street
to some of the rings looks I'll see I
tried escaping right we are now all
getting ready to head out to a
restaurant that Alfie actually booked a
while ago for my birthday and I can't
actually remember the name of it but
it's the restaurant it's the restaurant
that Carrie and big had their rehearsal
wedding dinner in these two are just
constantly making noise
I've been checking up my fundraiser page
through day and look what we're on now
to turn
95%
googly-eye marx leaves into his pockets
even though it's hands are in here but
it looks so funny
thank you everybody for such a great
birthday everybody else did it but in
less than 24 hours we absolutely smashed
the 10,000 pound target which is
incredible I didn't actually think I was
gonna be able to do it on my actual
birthday but we did so it's amazing and
now we're celebrating by eating some
flower shop cake bites oh my god these
are dee-lish cookies and cream chocolate
vanilla peanut butter and carrot cake
how many days is this Volume one it's
gonna be the whole week no it's not not
in one probably in like three hours long
beautiful this is my necklace for any of
you that didn't see the finished product
this is the dream pendant and this is
the love spark that's it so this is the
spark and that's the dream I'm very
lucky day ever and it makes me so happy
that we hit a target that's insane I
love the 24 hours
everybody who has donated its gonna make
such a huge huge difference and yeah I'm
just really happy that I decided to do
that cuz it was also really fun and it
was like a nice thing to talk about on
my birthday and it's been involved
everyone who's Jenny did know they feel
rewarded for that they're helping
something yeah yeah sure
had a really nice evening that place was
so cool like it was very like the vibes
yeah vibes we're going to go to sleep
now I'm gonna go take off my makeup and
I'm not too sure what we're doing
tomorrow I think we might be heading
into Brooklyn don't you even got any
plans for tomorrow I think what we
should try and do is leave early than we
did today yeah we had a bit
this is one thing we've noticed with
being in New York is that quite a lot of
places open like 11 some places when we
tried to go to breakfast it was that
playschool today like one while we were
young while we were young and it was
close
I don't know open at 4:00 p.m. yeah
so what yeah a lot of places have very
strange opening hours which was sort of
getting used to I think people have
quite a late breakfast quite a late
lunch and a quite a late dinner yeah for
sure she's not helping with the jetlag
situation I'm not gonna lie hopefully I
can get a bit more sleep I've not been
getting too much sleep I've got six
hours last night not too bad I did wake
up at four five and then again do it
yeah I made myself go back we're having
kind of an early ish night quarter to 11
so we are going to go to sleep now
everybody today we are coming for
breakfast we are coming for breakfast in
a bizarre bit of a rainy day today so
we've kind of made our plans based
around
I am feeling very a waiter today this is
the most awake - sometimes we've been
here so I think I'm slowly what's gonna
be so annoying is I'm going to get
rocket into like the time zone and then
we leave can we come back into summer
yeah I'm saying it now 100% September
for Joe's birthday breakfast has arrived
Oh delish look at mine I went for the
waffles with the warm berries and it
literally smells amazing we've somehow
ended up at night look at there
and we're having a little boot round
looking at the shoes I'm on the game we
go again
so as you mirja seen we came to the 9/11
memorials just to have a little look and
experience it I've always always wanted
to go and see the amazing memorials that
they built and they are incredible like
it's just it's awesome that you like
calm but very emotional atmosphere it
was really cool to see it and I'm really
glad we got to this does not feel like
Sephora is around it we're lost were
lost in Westfield now but it was amazing
to see it and I didn't want to film too
much because I can appreciate there
might be some people like having a
moment or it's just it's just one of
those things I didn't want to film too
much of but it was incredible and if you
haven't seen it you come to your you
definitely should go and check out
you're now on the hunt for Sephora and I
think we may have found it it's around
this corner are you ready guys yeah is
it there
after walking around the entire
Westfield
feel how heavy that is
is it really nothing I've done a little
bit of damage in Sephora probably is
actually I carry that hug yeah
to the subway because we're going to
generous because we are going to go to
Central Park and we feel like this might
be a fun way to get there because I've
never ever been on the subway before
it's very different to the tube is
insane really yeah I'm quite excited and
kirkland already yeah okay
what are we doing
as Adam and Eve said no sugar
we've made it kee de paw there's a black
squirrel teddy best girls yeah
look at it I've never seen a black
squirrel before I swear this girl's had
sex with rats or something from the
hotdog stand
we're sharing this don't imagine if we
did this as a challenge for a whole day
I think to be fair out of anyone we'd be
quite alright yeah I already we in front
of you yeah and we like in front of me
too I get ready in front of you yeah I
make up with you you were you pretty
much already like this so we're still
wandering around Central Park we're
actually looking for a very specific
bridge which mark is very excited about
you might remember a couple of weeks
back I introduced mark to the film
collateral Beauty because only he would
love it
mark did you or did you not love it one
of my favorite films I've ever seen
have you seen it yeah it's good we're
looking for the white bridge which i
think is which i think was one of the
very last scenes
in the film turns out its body lucky
little Cotton's we're come in why are
you steamed we're back now at our little
apartment and I decided to have a bath
because I felt really really cold
walking around Central Park and I feel
like the only way I'm going to be able
to warm up again is to have a bath so
this this is my current setup and I'm so
excited to get in this it has arrived
OMG you wanted a big old pepperoni right
happy look at this radicular good
morning everybody
it's now Friday it's the Friday Happy
Happy Easter
so why you listening to this Sun you're
supplyin it's electrifyin myself and
Mark are heading off this morning
because Shaun and poppy or what doing
some work catch up on some work
Alfie is also editing to get his blogger
and what are you doing Joe so you did
have the option to come Queens quite a
way away yeah that meant I decide you
said
shopping mall over their mouth me amok
heading over to Queens to RiRi something
like a fire
no it's a shopping mall called River
rego rego Center which has Ulta in it
and ultra is now stocking Zarrella
beauty which is very exciting so I want
to head over and have a little look and
whilst we're there we're also gonna
check out Bath & Body Works in the Queen
Center and probably get a cheesecake
from the Cheesecake Factory
Sean you like cheesecake oh do you want
us to get you a cheesecake from the
Cheesecake Factory wake up what also
it's called guardians of the galaxy not
from the gullet
okay oh I love this felt in this there's
a space one flip what's it called
oh my guess one of the space weather
gear this year this is the one I was
thinking on this is the space one okay
oh I don't know I don't know nice
is from The Breakfast Club never watched
it but they had it on the plane yeah
okay maybe I'll watch it on the way back
oh okay yes no what you just said coyote
ugly wasn't straight wage war machine he
has it playing what is there to get it
Joe you say do you want I want bidding
you do battle
it's so fun is it good but it'll make
this funny or something you're funny
Charlie's Angels yeah but this you here
playing so deep you will get to get it
no okay
Tom Cruise Oh top down yeah you didn't
make your buzz inhalation
oh my god why you got to take me so long
that was on my shameful I get really
competitive it did some kitchen roll
which which I can take off so easy you
go home with a bit indie tablet of your
choice
oh thank you I have and the cat one gets
the movie soundtrack spatula yeah these
all at once my way
okay we're here at the rego Center
spring has sprung okay gling for pets
that you can wear on your puppy covered
we popped into Petco because we want to
get something for our little pictures
but also I've never been in a Petco
before and this is very exciting
look you can get like little baby does
look like teddy to have all that oh my
god now this is her favorite I'm gonna
get her a new one it's a little squeaky
ducky Thank You wrinkles on it you're
gonna get in that he was so good I'm not
gonna lie this would be the best thing
ever for Nala we're here
let's go first one to spot it wins our
free gift receiver no filter bag with
anything other purchase
oh it's doing well oh I'm so excited
there you go guys look what else we've
seen some annexed new brush brush range
this shop is just incredible there is so
much amazing stuff in here we've already
got our baskets out mark the face mask
aisle oh my gosh oh my gosh this so much
I'm in heaven right now
oh we've now come into Green Center
where they have
the Macy's
and we're actually looking for
so how big is this thing it's quite big
with an Appleby
Cinnabon
we have to go we have to go up right
level to up to the next one white barn
that they've got white barn as well mark
I've never been in a white barn so you
know how Bath and Body Works do candles
with white barn they have like their own
like ranges together
oh my god and then it's joint let's join
on to Bath & Body actually start in here
not good is strong enough
Oh Christmas there are just too many
candles in here oh my goodness gracious
me I am loving it though oh no my
battery because it just has to be done
when in America I picked out three
different types of cheesecake take back
to everyone
we have red velvet recovery Alex now
that's a very great we have second one
is raspberry lemon vanilla I think or
maybe raspberry lemon well I remember
that one was a more basic one this one
bloody al is a double chocolate Oreo I'm
not even going to tell you how many
calories is in each 13 million
oh my body with no I don't know if that
was like the whole cheesecake or if that
was once like nobody wants stress I kind
of just want to have a try of each one
it's gonna fit to get a bottle of water
oh my is it good
this hair is eight oh my god
not you have to try a bear no like I
just just got Tyson you have to get rid
of everything you have to get what I'm
not a fan of confectionery I've realized
I don't like baked donut sweet treats
I'm not my favorite no we have the songs
in their natural environment news
cameras tonight yours alone
I don't know where my cameras this one
you do whose you said this way not what
has happened I reckon you can get in
alright Ned's careful Ron I'm just gonna
okay I've in love and then we will say
poppy have a look in there okay see if
you can find her
yeah I been muffler shops there yeah
yeah yeah okay
why she's come in yeah I'm gonna check
but you gotta find Zoe right you're
right Marjorie no time Oh God my hip not
stopped me papi just nipped out to go to
another pharmacy I'm just really into
these American movies I'm not
but although each day said you can get
these amazing doughnuts in there so
stayed you're watching this I'm now
going to add Wayne Reid because of you
but also I want to get some like actual
what's it called like pharmacy like they
didn't have any deodorant and alter yeah
I think that's right I want to get some
bits and pieces but also me and pop we
just wanted to go on a little walk
cuz the sun's come out so nice oh my god
when Duane Reade I've got a real
selection of things but also they have
corn pops I talk about these all the
time because I love them so much and we
don't have them in the UK I might have
to buy them Joe I wanted to get a
picture against a wall of cereal this is
a pretty good little cereal yeah look at
all of them s'mores cinnamon pebbles
peanut butter crunch mmm
look at massive box of Lucky Charms
we're now all in a car heading to tau
for dinner
down into the dungeon no Bert can never
garden why so have you been to this
wonderful
I love maleic tunnels
yeah so cool to meditate yeah was I the
fountain
there's fish in here
stupid
puppy tae Joos drink try that drink DJ
DJ don't have a big set 3 3 2 1 go the
joes drink is the strongest thing i've
ever had in my life
amazing thank you
look at that
Oh
you
what's your
we know where you live tip well oh we're
in Times Square the perfect place for
vlogging correctly big Wow okay where
we're going to go down this way I can't
even show you how busy this is I wonder
if you can say this is like a highlight
for me I think
every bus I can put you're going to
break you think a look at the back Sean
we don't need to hear about your sermon
when do I end it
but we loved it not been the holidays
over it's not over yet
