day two of lockers
now it's from a blog miss Goodin Brogan
you don't even know I am oh but you do I
just stubbed my toes and I'll be stupid
bear that's stupid
who has a mattress that sinks into the
woods look at that
bang bang bang on a brighter note in
fact even worse note excusal the mess
sir sorry he's asleep but the heat on my
hair down there don't you just keep her
warm because she's not feeling very well
and that's the time I wake up giving us
near him
sorry guys look what she looks like an
iceberg flannel on her head because
she's got a headache put it back on your
head put it back in your head you're
gonna get my sheets way as well know
what your headache throw away right look
at her
what just happened nothing what just
happened
nothing healthy maybe just smash the
bottom of my spine on the edge of my
freaking bed what did I say Kirsten
never get into bed it never ever used to
hurt me until your hair oh can we please
explain why you're jingling never
reindeer on me I had a really bad
headache slash my grain so I had a
little sleep
but now it's kind of gone it's kind of
just more like a kind of subdued
headache so I'm downstairs and we're
currently by the fire with the twinkly
lights making a Christmas backdrop for
Alfea so you bought these really cute
paper trains this one is me not
Christmas Eve just look at IKEA look
yeah and I'm not sure if this one is me
or my sister sorry I this poppy fits you
but oh I reckon that's you I reckon is
cute
you're gonna break them you look so cool
outfit really festive
yeah so cool just wear it out and round
like that not awesome anyway I'm gonna
get making this I've got my gingerbread
jumper on festive day that really have a
brain
I'm looking through lots of old photos I
particularly like this one of poppy and
Alfie and Alfie's holding a baby guinea
pig look although you're not refolding
it you're just kind of letting it rest
on you how cute ah sorry papi that's it
look at the camera Alfie doesn't like
the setup I'm finished he's not finished
it but he doesn't like it just to tell
my camera rather than my happy though
oh hey Alfie a pug will move again
chestnuts roasting on an open fire Jack
Frost nipping at your penis I was gonna
fake tits but feed my headache is
completely gone now yay Alfie told me to
put my camera wrong cuz he's just going
to do my car and now I'm really worried
of recording our light no it wasn't it
was now alight here's a present film
yourself
you know this is right yes nobody you're
mean I just realized I've not opened my
calendar yet today shall I open it now
Alfie Oh
Twitter's working Oh No look at that
face the face of Twitter breaking oh no
fail whales there we go oh it's the fan
and the crown what you do it it smells
so good here you go
Wow sinker skirts they look so cool I'm
so hungry
push brown one go you still could fit
that wall in your mouth in one go told
you we are having a quick bird eating
before the big drive home hmm
I okay so me and help you always have
this very even star I like Burger King
more than McDonald the lists are they're
gonna agree chicken nuggets here on as
crispy on this good a bit wet the
chicken in that the Madonna's is better
and the chips Madonna's a soldier which
means they're better no one said this
was called chicken king
neighbors McDonald's McDonald's I mean
this is like my own guinea pig
it's a Rex I think that's what
baby Chuck
yeah it's three in there you got those
little things so he's quite the animal
nerd as well all the animals are and
order different kindness oh my god
these your favorites Oh ginger one has
my favorite breed of thing okay and also
one in here this one this one is my
favorite breed Abyssinian Merry
Christmas baby
at my house and I brought my bag with me
no that's an advent calendar by the body
shop and I remembered when I got back
that I haven't opened this this one's by
benefit oh it's already in order that's
even easier oh my god that's so cute
do you know what that is what do you
think it's gonna be first lip gloss what
is that what is it what is it stay don't
stray like to medium is this the
foundation or is this a stay put primer
for concealer and eyeshadow that's cool
I'm liking this so far I think this is
really cool idea especially if people
that don't like chocolate or play Nabeel
well that brings in that something body
related oh is that a little shower gel
perfect the divine oh yeah Oh a born
lippy this is strawberry to going with a
strawberry theme here body shop I see
what are you doing anyway where I'm now
is lay Alfie has to be up at like 6:00
a.m. no my trains a half 6:00 I have to
leave at 6 a.m. I have to be up at that
high five and I need shave this off as
well before we hope you enjoyed a tune
I'm now gonna dream about guinea pigs
give the video a thumbs up guys
