good morning it is Friday but does it
not feel like a Sunday right now yeah
look at my phone kitchen you have no
idea how happy this makes me for making
breakfast we're doing the weekend brunch
from cordially invited I'm gonna get out
so we can even though I know the recipe
already and the rules to follow it's
nice to have it out so we're doing this
which is the weekend brunch the only
thing we don't have is the avocado but
that's okay because we've got the eggs
the Tommies and the sourdough and the
balsamic glaze and a little bit of
paprika
breakfast is served
I didn't properly start the vlog earlier
because I feel like I was half awake and
trying to cook up everyone's breakfast
but it was so nice like such a nice
morning like having everyone here and
just we sat on the dining table and ate
breakfast then just chatted for like two
hours
very very deep chat some funny
mostly deep yeah Bethany cried and cried
I nearly cried at that nearly crying and
Tully's was so much fun last night for
some reason I was more scared last night
then I have been there like the last
three years I went I think it's because
there was new people being scared
so it was like more scary for me if that
makes sense you just stay on your feet I
wasn't scared I was just jumpy like I
said too much I think I fell over six
times you fell over didn't you know I
felt over Katie
I technically was just there for support
I just went down as she went down and
now we are going to go out we're gonna
go bowling make a bit of a day of it the
way there I actually started off quite
grim and it's brightened up now now that
we've planned to go bowling I do
something indoors
now that we've got to do something
indoors and we're just waiting for Alfie
part of the song this one good not who
sings this so much way I was thinking
let's go
into the sky
oh my god
thanks so much
yeah
we come to my second time wakka mama for
dinner
my god see stars
14% yeah so shorty
a bit now you are you could drink that
yeah I know it's nice
there's nothing like a fresh walk in my
mom is that
so she's had a funny five minutes done
your Bethany like let's get the snacks
for the film and I was like guys we
don't need to buy snacks I've got snacks
in my hands and walked out walked out
with all of these oh oh my god I can
smell the smell of them knows me oh my
god just smelling that ten that is pure
Christmas joy smelling the ten I mean I
agree it's a good smell selection of
choices no I disagree I've just said to
Sean these are my favorite and I'll tell
you for why not tell you for why you can
get these you can buy all these all the
time they're not they're not that
special they're great and I still enjoy
eating them but you can get them all the
time these you cannot get all the time
look and I now want to play a game with
Sean where I'm gonna give him one from
any of the four and you have to tell me
I'm Bethany okay please then you both
have to tell me I'm gonna give you the
same one and you both yeah we've got a
button in our bathroom that turns on
music so I set it to a Christmas
playlist last year and it just still is
so okay enjoy that song and you've got
to tell me if it's if it's roses heroes
celebrations or quality Street and you
have to tell me the flavor to play yeah
okay let me just show you the camera no
one look look focusing give me a second
there we go okay right Sean opium
athlete and you either actually you know
this isn't easy
we all have the same yeah you again so
can I see the name of it
okay I know it is can I say it do you
know what it is you know what it is I'm
here oh okay
roses straight Daniel
it's a roses caramel barrel holy moly
when I was born okay look Stan you're
what do you mean to me like I'm your
child the name of these ones
hmm mais non yeah what do you think I
don't know the name of that you don't
need to say what I think is I want to
wait till everyone has like an answer
before you say but I don't know the name
of there I know it's rose it a nice
quality streets I know it celebrations I
was trying to see you know something
that's like a mars bar but not well it
streets Milky Way that there I'm Brad
yeah do you say quality badges of
celebration Milky Way remember heroes
fudge
Milky Way oh my god Lord Mindy wait I
haven't written camera scheduled hit
Mike all right no you call okay then you
schmuck no it didn't
it's not your roses shrubbery cream play
games I'm gay down morning happy
Saturday
oh my god it's the first that's not
doing at all no it isn't mate you should
shut your boots oh you're parking I'll
wait
why is that window not frosted but this
one is weird
oh my back windows coming on alright I
think mines slowly going oh look at mine
have you got your windscreen thing on
with his little punk kid happy with our
honestly choosing very best thing you've
ever made
literally I'm still workshop is spring
Poppy's here marks left and I just
waiting to get started on a flower
ground which look amazing
we are now moving into the workshop
which is a cocktail making class which
I'm very excited about let's get our
cocktail making
here's my gingerbread house
I went quite traditional with some snow
lovely this is Bethany's we're trying to
show you there's Bethany's workshops are
done and we're home and we may have two
more guests
we were meant to be going home this
morning
yeah the focaccia bread for his lot his
breakfast was delayed so then they
arrived late and then it was underlaid
Alfie does we've just watched Joe on
Strictly how are you today insane I
should have filmed it but we were just
so engrossed but I didn't get my camera
out but he got his highest score I say
he it's him and Diane obviously the
second highest score tonight
joint second yes sighs master three
nines
was it three nine one eight yeah yeah
shut up that's insane I know I nearly
cried like actually nearly cried I got
goose bumps when judges were saying that
next thing today
jelly-like grab him and give him a
cuddle oh my god I might also my man
Phyllis got a shout out she she's gonna
be loving that sign at home watching so
now is the 20 minutes Joe and Diane I've
got it saved in my phone as Vogue Joanne
six two two five two one zero
yeah after the show finishes you get 20
minutes to place your vote so why just
sitting here for 20 minutes and do this
my mom just tried to call me a nice 15
peach time I cut her off thank you it's
a Joe and Diane yeah I've read enough
today I do this he'll appreciate it and
this is a once in a lifetime chance so
it might rack up a bigger phone bill
than normal for you you ain't going now
we've got you so fucking hard it was for
me to help you and you went oh does that
mean have to help you mine was really
detailed yours was so like your dad how
your dad would do yours oh my mum's
ringing me hello
I did I'm just trying to vote that's why
I cut you all
so oh good are you crying or if you call
right I bad guy cuz I need to keep
voting thank you and Joe and Diane we
used to have a big fucking share about
ya know I just ruined your boss honest
made edits in some pictures
straight face
good morning it's some day oh I do look
turn it I do for my tire these guys are
leaving today I'm very sad about
but you're more excited yeah and we've
tried in trading and our fees just
ordered me a decaf Nutella laughs tape
I've also ordered to tell a pancakes
I feel like that might be a bit much
arrived I've obviously gone for a sweet
breakfast while everyone else has gone
for a lovely savory oh look at that so
sorry it's a big sausage a look at the
ivy they've decorated it all halloweenie
that looks amazing
it is freezing just returns that me to
Urban Outfitters and now we are heading
to the one place that Daniel had wanted
to go to whole time literally and it's
pond street coffee so we're going there
right before heading to the airport so
that he can get his Bond Street coffee
back my favorite place here we don't
trust them that they'll actually be able
to get is the bag going on who knows
my mom finally got the cleaning job
there he is
he's checking in the bag oh good bye bye
guys
