hi welcome to Monday morning I have
driven myself to the airport this
morning which is something I have never
done before I'm feeling on a scale of
percentage-wise
about 35 so it's not the best it could
be but it's not terrible uh I just wish
I found this enjoyable I wish I just
wish I found it normal I just wish it
was like nipping to Sainsbury's or
something you know but it just isn't I
have to use all the tools have learned
over the last couple of years to get me
from here onto that plane but we're
gonna do it because I've done it before
that can happen find mark and Maddie
we've checked our bags in or I'm gonna
do a little
my experience was great is that working
it's not lighting up experience was
great
I'm with Maddie and mark marks just
tryna shovel in alright we on our
thought up there yeah we're gonna head
up to security now okay
we've not been to Ed's in last December
I feel like it's going to be really
naked what do you mean oh because it's
not decorated Christmasy oh my god wait
you've never been there when it's not
Christmastime I mean there might be a
bit of Christmas alive maybe tiny bear
made the whole marketplace oh my god I
wonder what's there when there's no more
care
me and Mark have got through but
Maddie's bag is been pulled to the side
and there's currently a half an hour bag
check weight which is the tiniest plane
I can't even extend my arm any longer
there
how you feeling about that I'm just so
awkward
the nice seats though
it's just so
so good job this is for an hour so we
arrived at the hotel we're staying in
the principal look at that little sneak
peek of marks bathroom I like the light
that's what you know you like interiors
I know you've got a builder not at all
yes we're staying at a hotel called the
principal I don't like fresh we're on
the plane mark got his words mixed up
what he meant to say was the weather is
ranked Oh God what did you actually say
the weather is ranked which Maddy
thought was what did I think it was
something like a I'm gonna show you
a little bit hotel because it's amazing
I've never stayed here before I don't
remember how I found it maybe just
searching like lovely hotels a Dubrow
because normally we stay in an air B&B
but look how big this hotel is I can't
wait to come down here for breakfast
tomorrow
beautiful Edinburgh which way was I feel
like it was this way Stubbs yeah
this way I'll look it's so pretty love
it muddies destroyed a pumpkin spice
latte for the first time ever do you
like it yeah and Mark Scott what did you
go for pumpkin spice I went for a maple
hot chocolate oh my gosh this is that
really try this that's maple literally
tastes like pancakes
oh no now you've said that that's all I
can think of in my mouth I'm already
although my job seems a little bit
crease keeping that mother's I've gone
from spotty jumpsuit it also every now
and then flaps about to reveal my
breasts so we have to be a bit careful
of that and some shoes they're too big
for me
you don't happen to have any blister
plasters I already asked you that oh I
did in my head oh no I should have
bought some because they probably would
have kept my shoes on a bit better
it takes surprisingly feeling not that
nervous about this one I think because
I've done to others I know how it goes
I know edge and we're really well for
like better than Manchester and London
know people lovely yeah everyone's so
lovely and it's the last one so I'm kind
of like I'm excited I had a weird neck
then I'm excited to have a little
chitchat we're just waiting for everyone
now and then we're gonna head down and
jump in a taxi and head to the venue
which i think is in another little
theatre it was in like a basement type
venue in Manchester and another theatre
in
these theatres in Leicester Square but
this one again is another theater look
at the view from this window it's the
back of a castle so cool
my room is literally directly above
marks which is good because we can both
signal to each other with knocks on the
floor
my car we go so thank you all so much
for coming this evening and
congratulations for getting a ticket but
so I'm going to do that cringing when I
just tell you how amazing your assets a
few minutes
so obviously Zoe is a friend of mine and
I wanted to interview you for your last
look at them obviously as though it is a
total YouTube sensation and a thousand
civilian and gazillion followers around
the world but I think anyone can start a
YouTube channel anyone can start a blog
but not everyone can be so a thug and
create an empire which you have of
zoella the brand and it's amazing you're
incredible businesswoman I think that's
really good as well to not put too much
pressure on yourself yeah why should men
have a party exactly exactly and one of
the things with the book is that I love
baking I'm not like the best cook so any
recipes that in here are things that are
easy to do quick to do and things that I
think is good to have under your belt
and for me that works much better with
like my lifestyle and I think one day I
might
venture into being a bit more of a chef
but for now I'm like baking my thing and
I'll cook one I've got like a bit more
time and a bit more preparation but are
you genuinely don't feel like to hope
something the food is the main event
maybe some people do but I think that's
not normally why you're together it's
about like the conversation the laughter
what you're doing with you're playing
games and I think the food is just
looking nice like additive I mean on
that note I did want to ask you about
you know the importance of hanging out
in real life and inviting friends rather
than putting on just making an effort to
get people together okay I don't know
about you but when I was young America's
new papers all the time then as you get
older you get dizzy that but I'm also
social media it's so prevalent in
everyone's lives but actually it's I
think making it lazier I don't mean it
but when I cut the main D button on the
vent made everyone found nipple I didn't
even know that happened that so much
every space yeah it is one of those
things where especially all my friends
who also do this you just hear that it's
so hard to pin people down on the same
day and so we do normally do it like six
months in advance and then we just try
and like all hang out we'll have like
fun free parties sometimes because I
think more than your average person and
we are just like this and go out for
meals we're put your phone in the middle
I don't know if any of you do this
everyone puts their phone in the middle
first one to touch your phone has to pay
for the meal then no one wants to touch
their phone it works trust me I take a
little bit of a detour and talk about
your career I think seems so amazing
watching everything that you've done a
girl asked her of many years and I
wondered what it was like being a boss
because I don't even see you in that way
but you are you know you're at the top
of a company
you have a team now what's it like being
Zoey also being about it's kind of hard
for me to differentiate the two because
I've always because I've always done
this myself you know I started this in
my bedroom I was the only one that
needed to worry about whatever I was
doing and I think eventually a satellite
branched into hiring people and the
company growing in there being so many
more people involved if there's been
more and more projects it's one of those
things where I do still feel like I'm
making the same decisions and doing the
same things but you're thinking about
other people's livelihood and you're
wanting other people to grow within
their roles and you have to learn so
much about that side of business like I
took business good GCSE I got a C not
bad and didn't really pay much attention
but it is time that this why I just say
fine I have just listened a bit more I
think that would have been really useful
because I never anticipated it getting
to the point where I would have an
office or a team I always thought would
be me and my laptop so it is it's really
hard sometimes when you have to make big
scary decisions and also you know
putting your trust in these people with
essentially your baby
you're kind of handing them your baby
something that you've grown and
developed yourself in years and years
and years of being like right we're all
in this together and this is where we
want to be let them just get there and
when you get too much done and obviously
the company is doing so well but it's
the employer so much fun in the office
as well we do have fun I think sometimes
I worry I'm actually more of a
distraction
I think yeah it's like finally annoying
one that comes in and everyone like I'm
trying to work I mean also I think that
you know you in general a person can
take things too seriously I think as
well I don't think you ever do I think
it's like you want to and they buy
something that might be you might just
put by the door that's like running on
Christmas I can no more no I think that
I would say my style is I think
internally really tacky like I've always
go to the tinsel always wanting workers
to say but I never actually buy it I'm
wondering if one day my entire house
would just look like you know these
people miss Christmas program I love the
like really classy decoration right to
100 is why maybe you have to go up maybe
twist it up
no it's one of those ones where you can
open it both ways kikiki
how about halfway through do it halfway
there to that they can't see you
someone hoovering no that's your
extractor fan in your bathroom right had
a lovely evening haven't we oh so nice
even dances chatting about family
relationship
I was just love for very pound well no
son 224 very like powerful women in
their own right and I was just like I
was just like taking it all in there I
was like this is so nice and refreshing
yeah it was so fun I've had such a great
night man I got such a good night we've
come back to marks for a bit just gonna
chill maybe put something on the TV
Mark's having a cup of tea
John a something I'm okay thank you
oh my god is crying oh hold in this
icicle good morning it is now Tuesday
and I'm looking out of my window it
looks kind of rainy which is a bit sad
but I had a fairly good night's sleep so
I'm excited for me and Mark to just have
a day of exploring Edinburgh and
just we have no plans and I kind of love
that just about to head down to
breakfast and meet everybody else but I
think a lot of people are heading back
down to London this morning so I feel
yeah
breakfast was delicious
I had boiled eggs I don't really want to
vlog because we were with Brian II
Maddie and Emma oh we were all having
lovely chat so I didn't want to lie quit
you know when you just think I don't
know with my camera on now coz I'm
enjoying this conversation and I feel
like it might change it yeah if I do
that pretty heavy for sorry am i will
show you my outfit I'm in marks room
again now I have this jumper which i
think is from urban outfitters and then
yesterday we nipped in to Primark
actually to look for swimwear because we
want to use the spa but they didn't have
any wrong time a year apparently yeah
every time of year a time where people
might go on holiday and need swimwear
yeah so stupid
anyway don't know what she's talking
about we're gonna go and look in like a
department store for some swimwear but
and I'm a bit worried these are a bit
short not gonna lie I should probably go
six but maybe if it just pulled them
down a bit I picked these up in Primark
yesterday they are wide leg high waisted
corduroy trousers and I am obsessed
wouldn't normally wear them with these
shoes but these are the only trainers I
have with me I'm gonna wear it with my
I'm gonna just look orange today this
definitely is a bit of a clash I'm going
to look like a walking around a town a
new town I need your inhaler
I can't buy got you got right sure we
had should we hit the turn now that it's
not you taking it with you yeah you know
you never know you might need an inhaler
mark actually does use an inhaler which
is why he has one yeah it's not for like
a not for fun I'm gonna put me couch on
let us leave let's go it's not raining
anymore we have breakfast with you Oh
second one time find you there it's on
the way change my jacket feeling much
better I'm not one of our hat with brown
hair oh here's my first bobble hat
brunette experience just in anthropology
and they have some of the most amazing
Christmas Easter too much marks by
myself a couple of bit I got myself some
bit
I know I love anthropology so much like
these candles on the top of the tree so
yeah I really really like that so what's
that
that's a German grapefruit lovely Oh
one's better
I like our one the best look at the
colors of the leaves ain't that
beautiful still on the hunt trunk hunt
but we think that if anywhere has
swimming trunks its TK Maxx I'm hoping I
mean I think Scotsman once told me
Scottish come in to hula I have myself a
chocolate fudge cake and sameer frozen
yogurt I can't finish it it was like
huge very rich Marc had a seat a little
cinnamon long chain there's nothing I'm
not sure about sermon last night are you
no no why
just nobody you go for Chima right
I just baked it tastes like
a chimney coming up oh gosh my cable a
song writer must be a beats or something
round then again he doesn't realize I'm
so far behind him
sometimes sometimes you forget your legs
or twice the Lake City is bad pretty bad
a day we are now heading back down to
the main street where I want to pick up
a razor because I ate bikini-ready I
could have said my legs I could have
lied and then we're gonna head back I
can't even tell you how much when I am
around Scottish people I wish I had an
accent I just wish I had an accent like
Scottish Welsh Yorkshire Yorkshire
so I just got some news one I was like
oh what chart like what like section is
that because I know it's nonfiction but
nonfiction is categorized like manuals
autobiographies which is like across
it's in manuals but it's across all tell
you before it my makeup off so I looked
like nice thank you and also thank you
so much to everybody who bought the book
I just love how much you'll love it it's
great sooo lost your marbles you know
she's your marbles oooh no zoo you lost
your marbles oh right me amok Oh gonna
celebrate by heading down to the spa
I've no shrimp a little shrimp
was anyone before opens I was just
standing there with a camera door well -
oh if you start this when it's going
down it feels really weird be finished
in this bar and we've just discovered
like the biggest gym I saw this not like
I want to go on this look at that it
looks like something the Kardashians use
Yeah right let's have a go oh well
that's slippery er than I thought
now we are gonna go and do some
meditation I think we should be 9na
pizza little mozzarella to my salad look
at marks little cheese platter little
okay
