good morning happy weekend it is
currently Saturday and myself and Alfie
went out and had breakfast together with
Nala this morning she comes alive and I
have no plans this weekend and that very
rarely happens actually that's a lie
let's be honest don't remake a lot of
weekend plans but I really enjoy a good
day of not having any plans so today I
thought I would tackle the pantry this
is one of my favorite rooms in the house
it's just off of the kitchen it used to
be a part of the kitchen but we had this
wall installed and this wall installed
to be able to make a downstairs toilet
that wasn't in the dining room because
that's weird and the kitchen was so big
we didn't want it that big so we like to
have this as a little separation and
actually this is a lot of people's
favorite space in the house especially
my mum or any mums they come in here and
they're just like oh my god but I want
to make the most of it and I don't feel
that by currently and so this is what
we're working with it's become the sort
of dumping area and when we first move
stuff in here all this was like clear
and you could see my KitchenAid and the
magic mix I do like what's going on up
here on the shelves but I just think
down here and these cupboards need a
good sort out we've got like knowledge
food and like medicines so yeah we're
gonna sort this out I think and I'm
really excited about it let's turn some
lights on I think I might start with
this surface and then delve into my
baking drawers and the other day I
grabbed a bag of flour and I was like oh
when does this go off and it was like
sometime halfway through last year and I
was like oh right first thing I'm gonna
do is move this back a so it's out the
way be
okay so I've cleared the side we've got
all the baking bits that I need to put
back in this cupboard but I just thought
I'd show you what it looks like before
so we have random things in here like
Christmas chocolate or fondant molds
which are actually really great well I
mean tiny little Halloween plates straws
mini candy canes which are probably
definitely not in day do they have a
sell-by date
and then I have like my hand mixer some
filled bags I definitely think I could
get rid of some of this stuff more like
a little Joe wicks mug there's a lot of
Mary Mary things in here but this is a
party garland so I don't think this
needs to be in here lots of this gas
lighter but I think half of it is in the
basement because I don't feel like we
need to have this in here it's for this
thing my blowtorch but yeah I don't feel
like we need to keep the gas in the
covers and then in this top section
I've got rolling pins hundreds of
different types of sprinkles paper cases
and yeah that's pretty much everything
I've got in here some bamboo skewers
lollipop stick you'd be surprised how
often those things come in handy though
and then quite a lot of the nozzles I
use like all the time I'm gonna try and
think of how we can organise this better
and get rid of all the ones that are
definitely out of date
oh my god 2015 lot
I think I finished and I've also sorted
out na TLAs doggie drawer which has like
all her treats and her leads and things
we take a walk some poo bags etc etc etc
etc and I also cleared out this cupboard
which had quite a few out-of-date cans
in so this is all really lovely and tidy
now as well feeling so much better about
it I think I'm having a bit of a like
spring clean in autumn which I do tend
to do because this half of the year this
part of the year is generally my
favourite but also the most busy so I
like to have a bit of a sort out bit of
a clear-out
before everything gets really busy
because and I just find that there's
less clutter less mess and everything is
a lot more organized so I've cleared all
the space the only thing I still need to
do is get some little either like little
lunch boxes or another little glass jar
to pop these in because I don't have any
jars though so I'm going to leave them
out so it reminds me got oils in here
and then we've got this which just comes
out I mean it doesn't come out that
often but it has all like the chutneys
and stuff on it so that can stay there
and we've got the chopping boards the
KitchenAid and the magic mix I'm happy
with the shelves so I'm not going to do
anything else with those but the drawers
are so much tidier these are all the
molds
these are little bags and boxes so that
if I ever bake anything and I want to
give some away to somebody to take home
essentially like doggy bags and then
these are like stickers transfers to
stick on bags and cakes and things then
we've got random utensils piping bags
and straws it's like a little
table and some baking parchment circles
which are lifesavers if you ever bake a
lot of case and then we have the cookie
cutters I did get rid of some but to be
honest it was very difficult so we've
got a couple of like doggy ones in this
massive snowflake and then just standard
these are all seasonal I've put them in
this plastic box just so they stay
together rather than like across the
whole draw copped a sticks well that was
close
and then alphabet ones then in this
straw which i think is my favorite draw
in the world we've got all my piping
nozzles this little thing came in a
baking box from Lakeland I think and I
just took out this insert to keep in
here because it was in a box I didn't
open it to get the nozzles out so this
way it's just a lot easier the ones that
I tend to go for the most for anyone
wondering are the bigger ones so these
these three and this one actually so for
just time to go a bit rusty though and I
don't know if you should replace them
when they start to get rusty or not
rolling pin spatulas and other utensils
then all the sprinkles along here all
the cupcake cases I just tidied those up
a bit I made myself a little sprinkle
mix out of two types of sprinkles and
here then we've got the autumn leaf
sprinkles and these were the sprinkles
that hadn't gone
ranked and I'm washing out the jars for
the ones that had then we've got these
drawers these drawers are from muji I
love putting drawers like this inside
other drawers because it just keeps
everything together but also it gives
you a little bit more height so I've got
candles in this top one and in the
bottom one which obviously if I ever
need to get two I'll just make this I've
got things like glitter edible glue
brushes and like little utensils to mold
and play with fondant I say then in
these drawers I have my
Kjell colors for anyone wondering my
favorite are the sugar flare these
generally last the longest but also give
the greatest color payoff and there are
literally hundreds of colors so they are
great got some more down here vanilla
paste and then some edible pens and
edible spray glitter so yeah this straw
I'm really happy with and then the draw
at the bottom is now much more tidy
we've got oils any chocolate this is for
the magic mix and we've got all the
baking powder and bicarbonate of soda
all the ingredients that were in dates
and some more utensils so yeah this
looked so much better I can see
everything it's clear I love it hello oh
my god my hair you're right now umm
don't you know Rhys Carrie just sign the
doorway just blow-dried my hair which is
why it looks white and a bit frazzled
so it's Alfie's birthday tomorrow he's
currently not hair which is why I have
rushed to grab my camera and start this
video and so I have planned a couple of
surprises for alfea's birthday let me
just check he's not here because I'm
getting all that paranoid now no he
isn't and he has no idea I'm a bit
nervous though because Alfie doesn't
really like or do birthdays he's not
like me he doesn't like an excuse to
celebrate every occasion he prefers to
keep it very low-key and not be the
center of attention he's one of those
people that does not like opening
presents in front of the person giving
it to him and I think for that reason I
wasn't going to do anything and then I
thought there's got to be a tiny
part of him that actually really would
appreciate it and get over the initial
embarrassment and actually have a really
nice time for my 25th birthday alfie
surprised me with an afternoon tea lots
of my friends came and it was such an
amazing day so since he's turning 25 I
feel like I'm getting old and he just
isn't aging I wanted to do the same
thing I wanted to surprise him and it's
been really hard keeping it secret I'm
gonna let you see when he finds out what
it is because I don't want to have to
like tell you everything and then you
see it all cuz it's kind of like
repeating myself yeah I've got a couple
of surprises planned for tomorrow
I wrapped up all his presents in the
office with Holly at like 8 p.m. the
other night just because I didn't want
him to know what they were and they got
delivered to the office and he didn't
see them the only thing that's been
really hard is him trying to make a plan
for tomorrow he thinks what we're doing
is going for meal with his family to a
Greek restaurant that we really really
love but we're not actually doing that
what I do need to do though is get him
out of the house for two o'clock where
things will be happening here he can't
know about so I said to him today let's
go for lunch where'd you want to go it
was like why don't we just go for
breakfast I was like um we can't because
your mum and dad bringing your present
over and they don't want you to see it
so we have to leave the house so that
they can set it up here to be fair he
knows they wanted to set his present up
somewhere um so he now thinks I've let
him in on the surprise of his parents
bringing over a present
obviously I've told him under a necklace
this is why he thinks so we just need to
get out of here at two o'clock we are
going to go for lunch and then after
that there are some very exciting plans
I really hope he likes his presence as
well I'm so excited for him to open
those tomorrow right now he has a friend
who has sorted him out a really cool
present
he's gonna absolutely love and he was on
his way over for quarter past two half
past six and I knew this but how he
needed to go to the office which has all
his like party decorations in he might
think it's for an office party so he
might not question it I was like um okay
he's like yeah I need to go and upload
the vlog and talk about my merch I was
like okay so now his friend Zach is
basically just waiting for Alfie to get
home
he's been at least was time now he's
already 45 minutes later than he said so
Zach is literally just driving around
waiting for Alfie to get back obviously
I can't tell Alfie like hey you need to
get home because it's too suspicious so
I've been like what time you leaving
what should we have for dinner he's like
let's get a delivery when I'll bring it
back I'm like no although I really think
he's gonna realize that it's really
weird of me to say no because I never
turn down a delivery but I was like we
can't add an extra half an hour on to
this you need to come back now that is
what is happening and I probably now
won't see you until tomorrow morning
good morning everybody it is now
Alfie's birthday areas all right 25 25
and this was a week long gift from his
friend Zach what's it called again a
Kate Kate Caterham and we're about to go
out in this I'm not gonna lie I'm so
scared
it's really tiny and small doubt small
down low down but we're gonna go for a
little cruise in the Caterham oh my god
guys can you just imagine me and Alfie
going down the road and this please what
a nice day for it
right we've got so lucky with the
weather
did you like your presence this morning
team the doors open and close with
poppers like what the hell um pop and
then we're just going to check the doors
off no but you look but then you don't
have wing mirrors oh okay you really
want doors another day will do no doors
let's start with doors I just I feel
like I might fall out I have to have on
one of these before just to let people
know you're in yeah oh oh my gosh I lost
eight think I'm getting joy I feel like
I'm going on a ride how do i do there
into there and then those two top ones
in not one in into that one
oh no into that one yeah it's all
machine oh I don't know what this won't
miss in
I'm ready okay
Oh get your in yeah all right when you
shut the door
Oh what door my door to even the front
doors are you kidding me I cannot get
out
sorry hang on let me just put the
papasan yeah all right where should we
go
break it
well that didn't last long we went out
for 25 minutes but I get carsick so
easily
okay I basically have to be the driver
otherwise I'll feel sick even in like a
10-minute journey in the Range Rover
although all the mini so to be in that
as a passenger no so I think I'll fee to
get the full experience of the car he
needs to be next to somebody that
doesn't ever get travel sick me and out
we have come out for a spot of lunch
we've come to Lewis and we're gonna go
to Flint out which is like one of our
faith places to go I've got some
delicious food and now he wants like two
coffees although this hill oh my god
it's already you joking no we honestly
walked 30 meters where do you think
we're going
earlier on I said Zoe should we drive
the K trip to Louisville Angelo's oh no
we have to go in the mini and I said why
do a mini she said we just do instantly
but how does that make you know I'm just
good with these things
you know I am very good at these kind of
like puzzles working things out that's
my thing Alfie's logic is too strong
anyway I'm excited it doesn't mean I'm
not excited I'm super excited and Zoe
says she's gonna be fully involved I am
I'll believe it when they'll see you
there
I'm excited she's got become him and we
got his hey hope you come in I mean
let's try there like tell me people
aren't coming and then there's
pretending you don't know who my sister
is baby Buffy's not gonna be getting
involved how do you know
again I'll believe it when I see ya
maybe that's your actual present what
propagating in volume up again okay
right
this guy I know yeah boy right now we've
brought mercy but you've been having to
wait in the car until we can until we
can go
you ask from the entire right see you
later guys this might be the last time
you ever hear from her by it's the final
race me mark and poppy have come out we
were showing everyone else up so we
thought we'd let them have their proper
race you know
my best lap time was 1 minute 6 seconds
marks best lap time was 1 minute 4
seconds can you believe that
1 minute and I was 1 minute 6 so he was
2 seconds quicker than me 15 minutes
yeah so the reason we're not doing this
last race is I am I mean I'm not the
best and it would just be really obvious
I'd come last but the only thing is you
have to drive around for 15 minutes and
that doesn't sound like long but when
you're driving around in a very tight
circle but that amount of time it makes
you feel a bit sick and your hands hurt
so that's the reason we're not doing it
poppy didn't have the best time you
didn't enjoy it did you but you gotta
try things try it one yeah at least now
you know yeah my new favorite thing yeah
I'm so glad we can see you out of it all
yeah no Albie is wearing a pink jumpsuit
is that what they're called
hey let's predict top three Shawn Dave
Steve yeah I think maybe I think I can't
pinpoint here will be first second or
third but it'll be Dave Steve and Shawn
I think so they've been quite consistent
look him go
Oh
this is so excessive I mean it's a Zowie
Oh
I forgot to mention that once it got
dark we have to shut all the doors so
we've just had like three hornets flying
and that will going on the door here's
one no patty one of those things can try
an Oakland Zoo
white noise you're on the side so today
you're the site ones
sandy rainy I don't know DJ good morning
it is Tuesday in the office and I am
backlit and I have my eye or of that
just my bags I can't tell
we're all waiting for Alfie to come in
because although we celebrated his
birthday yesterday with all we're doing
an office party
so we're wearing as much also look can
we face today
hey he's camera-shy Zygo new it's like
Romeo and Juliet but the other way round
wrong way round so keep every step
beasts can you see yourself oh it's so
cute like this look at this
got some decks up oh my gosh
happy birthday Alfie that is the best
thing I've ever seen also these cakes
are so delicious but like you know the
ones are just like sponge with a bit of
jam I love it
I can't believe he's like just so soft I
know I don't understand one another is
not
