good morning everybody it's Saturday is
the freakin weekend myself and Alfie
I've just been making breakfast and I
thought I might blog today because you
don't have too much planned but enough
that it's like a cozy day that I want to
film so we've just made breakfast Alfie
has gone for scrambled egg whites on
bagels mine is a little bit more crazy
because I'm just so crazy aren't I out
there so I did boiled eggs but not
enough that they were like hard and then
took the eggshell off which is saying
that poppy showed me how to do there you
go in cold water bagels
some torn up Basil's and paprika some
sesame seeds some salt and peppers and
tomatoes and yeah that is my breakfast I
think that looks delicious ready or look
at that that is perfect should I do this
one as well or that is like to remember
that in the nests advert oh that egg is
done perfectly that is how I like it
anyway that is my breakfast for this
morning on there's alfea's you can have
anything on yours probably smarter
ketchup brown sauce a little coffee and
it's a nice day today
well so far and we've got buzzy as well
not Erin buzz where are they
dougies uh-huh you've nearly to sleep in
the Sun what you tell you're doing oh
hello welcome to backlit fridge cam yeah
you're now cleaning out the fridge
because that's how we like to roll on
the weekends
okay I think that's better that's
definitely better oh look
yeah I mean if it was what is what Nala
does every time I do my hair she curls
up on my leg and it's always on this leg
you said hello to each other you can't
fit on here - buzzing are you gonna try
I got the dogs behind me he's sleeping
in a just weight yoga not that I like it
when I turn the hairdryer on
it's okay buzzy is stopped now he's
stopped now I'll blow dry my hair and
I've just like scraped it back but I do
want to curl it when we get back and I
put a little bit of makeup on because
we're heading out to the shops but this
one won't move come on let's go we need
to take some plastic bags because we can
do self check self-service thing I get
way too excited about that little self
scanner look we've had our stairs
painted into the basement I don't know
if I can walk on them or god that's
where the bags are that looks wet if you
ask me but well I know is it shiny or
wet oh it's a bit like tacky Oh God
maybe I should leave it the stairs still
feel a bit tacky but I don't know if I
just walk very lightly I can get the
bags
what do you think yeah yeah but look at
it yeah they only need to let me fill
that one up I did but it just feels a
bit like tacky
yes one goes - mm you just put fluff all
on them putting your little feet there
we go this is very look at my feet and
they've got great on them or something
that all did you see my footprint I'm
not waiting for Alfie in the car
you've gone to try and find his hair gel
or his keys we couldn't find them but
I've got mine so it's okay
it's a really nice day today although I
don't trust those clouds does look a bit
cloudy everything I swear I just
I didn't I don't actually really have
any plans this weekend which is so nice
because normally my weekends are like
full or we've got like alphas on the
freakin trampoline
is he serious right now he know he's I'm
stopped going from the car and he's on
the trampoline
thus so Oh hairy bloody comes
scuse me
what's up just that way of you and I can
see you on your bloody trampoline god
 Sachs sold out the new tradition
all gone like two hours or something
that's so good I really like them did
you save me one I actually have all the
five to the house oh that's good
all right order them myself no I'm
joking
yeah you can get sample you just already
dream no this is like this is one but
there was only a limited amount so I had
to buy five coming in to pets at home
first I found something I want to get
Nala and how he's gonna hate it
where is he oh no see like that
what have you found I don't get but no
not benefits your love it's it's so soft
yeah
allow fees Downer walking past the Tesco
three recipe cards and has anyone seen
this advert because it annoys me and
Alfie is so much okay so this adver she
cooked this up for her son who goes to
get his a level results yeah and he's
got the envelope and she reads them and
then the advert ends and every time I'm
like did he get good grades did he get
did you get into uni like it annoys me
but Dee never says so if you watch it
son can you let me know if that boy got
in or not I mean he got his burger that
you like it did he get in that's the
question Alfie is helping to pick the
fabric softener let me smell that's the
strongest thing I've ever smell well
that's nothing though I like that three
fresh lemon al should we go for that one
second got it did you like that one yeah
in a small dose not like oh oh
either being over sea mullet oh my god
another one come on let's go let's get
out of here let's get out and watch that
Jin let's put him in there we've got
everything okay fabulous
what a shot high five
that's a low five oh yeah yeah but it
wasn't like we thought it was going to
be really really busy but it really
wasn't that mad I think it's just so
much why they okay after you do that
buzzer you come up this way I bought
Nala
a pizza and buzzes had it in his mouth
it's a shame you put up the wrong way
mate we should have bought two we should
have bought them a pizza slice of pizza
Reed's pets at home we are heading off
to Dave's land who David don't they yeah
if you watch our Facebook's you will
have seen Dave quite yeah sure and Alfie
did the van project with him oh I need
to keep this door shut
anyway yeah we're off to Dave's man
because he's having a little bit of a
shindig
goodbye look at him with his pizza good
to always drop dead he's like what
you're leaving me
goodbye doggies what did you say
yeah we're in me and poppy are in the
Range Rover can you put the postcode in
for me oh I feel like I'm gay
you know when you feel like you're
getting ill and you're fighting it yeah
yeah and touchwood I actually haven't
had a cold or anything so far this year
I don't think you're fine fine I wasn't
going to come and then I was like no if
I don't go then I'm gonna get ill then
if I go it's done I might not get that
is what happened if you or if you're
tired yeah right my friendships so
flapped you need to like poof it up it's
crying no yeah I think yeah we got the
tunes on this is like my favorite song
right now
Renee cheers to the fall right up her
out mr. support I haven't listened to
her whole album but that's what we're
going to listen to if that's okay with
you
you take that no phones no footages no
just remember that film Blair way okay
you go down to the woods today this fern
stuff reminds me of ET you know when his
little hands come in and like pick up
the M&M everyone's grabbing food but
we've already eaten so we felt we would
go for a little stroll in the woods
it's so cool like I just don't think I
could be stressed here I don't know
where I used to live it was like
surrounded by words so like my childhood
was spent like in words in fact one of
my first like house parties was actually
in the woods opposite my house we did a
little fire and like got a guitar out
how lucky are we that we're so close to
this yeah I know it can live in like a
busy area yeah and also now yeah that's
the thing I love that you kind of come
here really easily that's what I say is
one of the reasons why I love Brighton
so much is that there's the sea the city
London's really close but you also have
like this Oh like a clearing in the
woods and you said to poppy we can't get
lost there's no phone signal either so
we can't ring someone and be like hey we
lost it scream what you cow that's like
the first word I ever you know it sounds
like listen
no it did sound like someone was like
break I am leaving
that's why you dragged me out here into
the woods homie you for that in I swear
I'm not going no you can put it in if
you can make dark it's not like you shot
there's a ladder dad you see it I wonder
what lives up there people are
definitely looking eyes thinking who are
these girls that are so desperate to get
on their phone Sonique enough sneaking
off to try and find some Elvis can you
just hold this a second I just need to
stop my hair out tutorial but I wouldn't
like turns down and then it just looks
like you are a fabulous lighting yes
Daisy and okay everything stays dad that
just sounds really scary when it's in
the woods like a little pee it like a
tinkering piano like Oh scary
I think we're lost why don't you go out
here why would you wear dungarees to the
woods oh my god I think you should go
for a way out here if you do want one in
a very you have to
okay oh wait you're gonna have to get
naked it's alright
you can like hide behind here and use
your little face pop out yeah this was
all worth it and away
you know wouldn't let you do a science
project and there's one again that was
stunning Singh giving me life
wait don't give all the credit here so
he's working really hard
hello dreamy
so they're taking the crazy one off of
us we bought this for her from pets at
home early on it's like this Oh careful
it's this mint knitted hoodie and it is
so cute it's so cute you look adorable I
can't handle it mmm I love when your ear
smell of honey right go and then tell me
why she wants to we just got back from
Dave's it was so nice wasn't it
it was so nice so Dave if you're
watching thank you so much for having us
it was so so lovely there was music and
a fire and just really lovely company
and it was nice getting to chat to
people that I've never met before and
that I hadn't seen in a really long time
and we went on a little like nighttime
walk where we all like linked Dom's and
it was dark and we couldn't use torches
or our phones and yeah it was so cool I
saw a glowworm
shooting stars glow yeah there was food
and drinks and a piano oh my god the
piano yeah Josh performed yeah it was
really really good I'm taking these two
bad people chocolate cookies no top of
that chocolate vanilla chocolate look at
this she's waiting for me you waiting
nope Oh
Oh she thinks you're down here cooler
again sometimes our hearing is a bit off
she will call her and she doesn't know
where we are
she'll follow me if I go up almani
this way Nana come on good luck to birds
unless she's looking for buzz papi and
Shawn just dropped in quickly after we
got back and Buzz followed them to the
front door and started like crying and
he was like and I think he wanted to go
with them so poppy was I'm okay we're
tanky for the night so poppy and Shawn
I've got buzz tonight which is funny but
also it doesn't mean we're gonna have a
little bit more of a lion need to wash
my makeup off Nullah I know I think all
that achieved out for you is that I shot
you in your pan pixie and Caroline
hyerin's double friends use this sighs
OH
when you need to be that like rapper
thing now I'm using the osteo Rene
self-cleansing yo couple of pumps of
that
clean but me water and lights are
painting and happy Sunday to you all do
ready to go outside no and then be free
oh my god it's such a lovely Danny I'm
actually wearing a Christmas pajama top
it was the only one I could find that
wasn't like really big because it gets
really warm in the night I can't see
anything but it's lovely drink right I'm
gonna go and get my breakfast and then
I'm gonna come and sit back outside
the
papi and shana here now and I've just
got ready I've been editing my video
that went up with Jo pretty much all day
and my hair's just been up in a really
messy burn so I just took it out and
hair sprayed it which I'm not sure if
this looks okay
Papi's on the floor I'll take my
hairband just in case but yet you like
my jacket oh yeah the misguided Barbie
one how can I put this somewhere see you
can see right who's ready for a roast
dinner yeah me too let's go you're not
coming
sorry neither sorry Nana not today we've
literally been in the car for four
minutes and I feel travel sick I just
can't look down at all when I'm in a car
I never used to get this travel sick but
as an adult I can't really travel with
sick doesn't make any sense I think
that's one of the things I'm the most
jealous of other people about if you
don't get travel sick and you can sit
read you want to people that can read a
book and not get travel sick I hate you
I think I would like to buy if I had
three wishes I would wish that I never
got travel sick I would wish that I had
Scottish accent yeah and I would wish
like it's the first accent and what
would be my last wish I'd wish to end
poverty okay but I'm talking about like
yeah I would wish my anxiety would go
away I mean that is going away I'm
working on it but if it was just that
that's important I mean
nothing is that simple anyway we're here
now oh it's cute
in you go papi oh no I don't like it
either it's so cute in here and it's got
great music great vibe and I just said
to convey it something so Christmas is
gonna be epic and the reason I know they
do decorate at Christmas is cuz there's
loads of nails here
what if people have nails that's where
you know they hang like the lights and
Ivy and stuff yeah okay do you know what
you're going for what
just that calamari I'm doing a race
dinner and I'm thinking oh yeah but Navi
pie sounds great you know what you're
getting part you are mentally soldiers
as a starter I know I love it but look
with garlic and cheese puff pastry
soldiers maybe you should get it as a
starter just to see ya Alf what you
going for I'm gonna go he hasn't even
decided on a drink yeah I am
I'm gonna go calamari but I'm in a
burger and a chicken roast calamari you
know we are going to be so full I think
we should see today as we're not gonna
be able to finish everything but at
least we get to taste a lot of things
yeah like a taste med taster menu yeah
you can wait it's hard for chicken I'm
never gonna be able to eat half chickens
I'll try those I'll give it my best shot
you're like a different woman in this
blog talking about bull can I tell them
what you did this one puppy does their
own shadow and it's like 10 facts about
me I'm story time with day it
kind of sounds like she did something
weird in the woods they wasn't weird she
didn't go for a big day what - just be
real with the audience tell everyone all
I'm gonna say is don't get too close to
that strap camembert has arrived
this looks incredible and then this is
beggin soldiers how cool is that pop
you're gonna go for it yeah you need to
that smells good - looks good
oh wow DGC I think you dip it in that
part
YUM in advance
I rely Cass we've got green and she's a
cauliflower as well we've made sorry Joe
we'd be a go on of the Browning we
decided to get three to share come with
this my brownies don't call me ice cream
in my face you always fall like that
tortoise in their garden center the
other day make that joke if it is hot as
Shawn's faces right now gone pop that's
not very good on the rest of that one is
it good Sean go for the banoffee you
know you want the day
as a break even the lights a little
sliver how is there no your job to do
that one the crumble okay anything about
my plan it sounds like that's good is it
good isn't that crumble a good solid
like tenet and grumble
which is your favorite dessert you okay
what he remembered it's not appropriate
for the vlog Afghan poppy I've got that
I'm need sleep Oh sky oh you haven't got
your seatbelt on it would have been a 10
I really liked that I feel it ticks all
the boxes
it was really delicious and now we're
heading home
oh is that buddy's mouth let's go home
did you say your favorite was banoffee
pie
that was really good that was very good
I really liked the crumble and custard
ODS and tons and tons and days days and
sons and sons and songs yes and sons
let's put the pin out oh let's not put
up an out then that's boring
kicking poppy well match your shoes and
stamped on them what
but in real life poppy we're supposed be
creeping up on dogs
sounds like someone's hoovering their
garden no do you
we're supposed to be creepin on the dogs
doh oh yeah thanks babe
they're definitely gonna be something
this is currently what's happening
surely there's like no padding Shawn
yours looks really missed it up I think
you need some oxygen I'll get you out
buddy
if that was a sample would it go burn a
find Buzz mission where do we think
he is definitely on our bed a surprise
you can get up now put it get boy what
have you got you two are so cute I'm
gonna go and have a bath now you have
fun bye we knew it I need follow me are
you gonna sit with me while I have a
bath this way in here then
Phillip fresh after my bar I'm now
chilling in bed I'm gonna catch up on
some YouTube and I think I might get an
early night because I am crazy
it's called past 9:00 this is the time I
used to go to bed like I've got a
twitching eye can you see it can you see
it
I swear whenever you say to someone look
my eyes twitching it stops although it
hasn't stopped but I doubt you can see
it and a twitchy eye means you're tired
so I am tired oh I'll have my bottle
water in the bathroom he falls asleep
with his head up so he doesn't throw his
head down he like resists falling asleep
well anyway I really hope you guys have
enjoyed this weekend vlog I have had a
lovely weekend it's been really nice
just not having any plans and seeing
where the weekend takes me doesn't
really happen too often but generally
those are the weekends I look forward to
the most
which I guess does it really make sense
because for a lot of people having fun
plans for a weekend is more exciting but
our weekends are normally like fully
booked with fun things most of the time
but it is nice sometimes to think oh
we've got a completely free weekend we
can do whatever we want like on the day
like when we feel like it so yeah it's
been nice it's been relaxing I've got
lots done and I will see you very soon
for another vlog make sure if you
haven't already that you subscribe to
this channel I know that a lot of people
watching this have not subscribed
because YouTube tells me how many views
are subscribers and how many views are
not and quite a lot of views I'm not
subscribed so if you have an account hit
subscribe press the thumbs up and turn
on your notifications I think it's like
a little bell so then it tells you every
time I upload a video so then you're
never gonna miss one and I will see you
again very soon
