good morning good morning good morning
Nala good good morning mark
good morning good morning hey I'm
actually channeling my inner oh crap
well there stay on my head I'm
channeling my inner love Island because
they wear these on love Island with a
little shorts look like reppin oh god
I've literally got no Teddy's though
it's really squished Berman so I'm
currently making breakfast for my guests
we bought mark a watermelon yesterday
now this is one request I eat some of it
such a diva he's like you know what I'm
not staying at your house unless you've
got a watermelon James
pineapple mango raspberries raspberries
I love strawberries I'm eating pizza
get away that's not healthy
look at all this wonderful fruit you're
eating Pete sound so rude so we've got
yogurt please like my fave we've got
some fruit oh we have a melon one
question I have a map is it a butterfly
yeah this would be perfect for baking
videos for now I have one ho dude
oh my god art I would love to know what
other people's like top five
the remark moment that one of my name is
Ravina sure to throw my baby because
that was such a light moment
yeah I can still pick to your face it's
like pure joy what a golden Ram Jamie
under the name there's a man in fact I
see I'm leaving that in the star right
so I'll be I'm serious
right just because just because I wanted
to show you what our fruit and yogurt
look like there we go there's mine marks
already bashed s and then look this is
our watermelon really good I don't know
if you would want yogurt so I chopped up
your fruit so you could have it with
granola or you could have it with your
Colonel Johnson I'll get out your bowl
no no stop let me get some other friend
what I love one else really minute do
you actually want some yogurt or do it
granola Alfie would you like some yogurt
Wow Wow your cat your cat us another
word isn't it yeah Barton you'll get
yogurt what do you say I said well no
you'll be left in the fridge with anyone
else as you're all well I say that's a
lie cuz it's there's some behind that
little pop nose not
very casually eating my watermelon and
this oh my god you can't see it in the
camera why can't you see it because the
window oh my god why can't you see it oh
where did it go
what look at it what is that can someone
tell me what that is
it's got like a white strip on her you
we are in the garden playing with a
football I'll be sitting quite good Oh
have we lost the ball but it's fun even
though I suck at it and right now this
is what my foot looks like look I'm all
saw
it's happening oh that is so nice I'm
wearing a really thick t-shirt
latisha what thank you let me get your
legs it still comes out poly is also
here as well honey shout hello they are
filling up the water bombs oh my god
have you got a lot you can't throw it up
don't do it hard
Wow
that's so cool - Nita marks leaving why
why'd you do this to me this is
something happens in it what's in it big
oh my god Holly just terrified hit me
again who is that on our driveway what
you doing oh I thought you were just
coming up into a little ball yeah bring
it back perfect
I'll see you then bring oh thank you for
coming bring your speedos bring your
heart bring a suncream goodbye love you
wha
yes spring some cards and I promise my
paper
have you ever played that game it's good
isn't it oh gosh
momma name that film do you know that
film go yeah that guy is in the name
good morning everybody it is now what's
the day today Friday Saturday as you can
see I burnt yesterday and it is so hot
out I have come barely breathe in this
room
Oh me and having a desperate to go and
get a like big paddling pool like an
adult paddling pool just because it's so
hot and when we're not packing it's nice
to go out in the garden but you do get
hot quite quickly and now that we have a
bigger garden we can get like a fun pool
so I've left Alfie on that he's in
charge but I've just sprayed this all
over SPF 30 ecoluxe size body and it's
cooler Pina Colada sunscreen spray this
stuff is incredible I love it it smells
really great make sure you're using SPF
and that you don't have burnt titov like
me I've got all these beauty products
that I need to put into this so I
thought we could do that together
because I know you guys enjoy watching
me put things away and organize things
and I don't blame you because I really
enjoy watching that sort of stuff as
well so I need to work out what I want
to put where they are sort of in bags
like categories
I think that's body lotions body scrubs
and light washes and some random like
bath salts and things thrown in there as
well so I need to decide what I want to
put in these drawers because I had quite
a lot of my beauty products in these
drawers in the old house and it really
worked
although I didn't have any shelves and
now we've got shelves in this cabinet so
I would think I want to put most of the
skincare in the cabinet and then maybe
most of the like body care shower and
bath stuff in this but yeah that's what
I'm planning to do even though it's so
hot I would rather be outside
okay I've put in the three bags that
were down there so we have shower washes
and I've got lots of like bath and
Bodyworks ones at the back which are a
bit more autumnal and then we've got
body scrubs body lotion like products
milk oils tea bag salts and like milks
like powdery notes which I'm obsessed
with did I put anything in this right
now we used four drawers so we do have
quite a few left to fill so I need to go
and see what come on
she's thank you so I need to go and see
what and other products I've got lying
around I probably do have quite a few
found some what's in here okay it's
quite a mixture it's quite a lot of like
pumpkiny
okay let's empty this basket now now
laughs
look who's on FaceTime
you're going to be parents yay
in case you didn't know you'll have to
go much Louise's video oh really but my
nose but yes she is expecting child -
there's like the announcement which was
a trick
click baited and tricks you all and then
there's like an announcement and Zoe's
in it yeah and I allowed to say what you
just told me what what gender is know
that you told me the gender oh yeah you
can say that you know the chance so
Louise just told me and I'm very excited
because I'll be like they're 12 weeks
pregnant how could you possibly know I
had I had a blood test it's not from a
scam yeah
yes so there we go exciting oh yeah I'm
excited to see that that was fun times
my main channel I think man I think I'm
gonna put all this is yeah I do love I
do love a good pregnancy video I'm glad
you've got pregnant looking because I
was about to show okay
cameras going away by cut it's much
later on in the evening now is Nala and
Alfie on his mission to get the swimming
pool has succeeded so it's not quite as
big as we wanted it to be a sir the
temporary we placed an order online we
should do that and eyes will forget yeah
this one I'm still so excited for though
oh Jesus we're doing this by the way
because tomorrow is meant to be the
hottest day of the year so far so we
were like well it's gonna be the hottest
day of the year so far we need something
to cool down in because our house
again exceptionally hot the lens on this
camera is really grubby yay oh that's
good we know many reasons I wanted to
get there
please don't know do you ever feel I'm
not gonna make over
she loves air if I called you down a
little bit wow she's so chilled okay a
little bit later there's been many water
fights many sunbathing sessions we got
pop mark Alfie and Shawn who's covered
in fluff so now you have to dunk them
three two one go is it cold it's
actually not that bad it's not is it
mark your turn are you learning to swim
are you can actually swim in it you
could just swim around in circles for a
bit of exercise I'm not making up advise
in my mouth oh good
that means I don't have to sieve them
out a stick
something's happening you're gonna drop
just just the feet just the feet just
dunker be in you're gonna go in as well
what are you doing
Oh
a little bit later on now oh my god my
hair it's like a raggedy and in true
when Mark comes to stay style I'm gonna
run him a bar so let's pick what we want
to put in I think maybe just some pop
you could do some liquid yoga although I
don't know if that makes bubbles I might
do lawyers yay our coconut milk honey
bar with one of those
they're not like you Bob fighting in the
dark
Mark David in the dark they go oh those
oils but I've already put bubbles in
that's better much more cozy
yay enjoy your bath or you to get you a
new towel hang on
the high voltage I'm in here like just
don't care
I wish you luck set up a water slide
which is for children aged 5 to 12 but
who cares right you're gonna show them
oh my god it did there it is
how's Mia looking
that's it
try your back but like you know like on
the trampoline you do that breaking the
egg see if you can go down it like this
so let you're almost on your back maybe
not maybe not maybe not yeah you really
gotta push yourself
but I'm bein Shauna here and they've
come via the shop because what we doin
Shawn yeah we bought some little
disposable barbecues and the fridge is
full of barbeque goodies and look where
Marcus I love it but I am most looking
forward to poppy and Shawn going on the
slide it's so much fun now he's just had
his first go on there did you like it
yeah I went down hard grass laughs and I
did you mouth afterwards no but then the
best thing is that that's like the
warm-up into the port you do that and
it's cold and then you get the pool in
it oh my gosh this is nice really yeah
and maybe I say it's like the right way
around yeah you did like a little
backwards egg thing I thought I'd have
to push you but no oh
be good
I feel so happy right now this is like
perfect isn't it it's the dream day yeah
we were just saying how lucky we are
that we get to do this on a Monday like
it's not normal but we're very lucky and
we're taking full advantage of the Sun
and we should be unpacking but it almost
feels like we'll look back on this time
and be like why didn't we make the most
of the new house in the Sun when we had
it is that of unpacking boxes because we
can unpack boxes
whenever you're right there sure I think
you're farting in there it's so warm
isn't it warm in there now
your bum broke the slip and slide don't
worry but I think secret it's just cuz
he wanted to carry on train on it it was
a lot of fun actually Alfie doesn't know
yet that it's broken so I'll let you
break the news Alfie Mark's got
something he needs to tell you look at
you preparing yourself just remember how
much I love you and how much you love me
why do you love me what have you done my
fat ass
kind of broke this difference right
oh my god that's gonna be a fire a fire
oh you say a fire fire
monkey can't mark ECAM everybody just to
let you know two seconds
we've got more friends over now and sean
has started up the BB q look we've got
two barbecues I can't even tell you how
good it smells it's like smoke oh yeah
but how good does it smell it's like the
smell of summer smells like beef
literally it's oh yeah I smell like beep
I smell like yeah you are what are these
ones lamb lamb
yeah lamb kebabs and then that's chicken
teriyaki oh that's nice some guy got
some nice sausages so exciting got it oh
I saw it got covered no worries
how much you love in today on a scale of
1 to 10 so 10 over 10 1 10 power today
he's been like the best day and I know
I've got like food Ont no come yeah
today is honestly being like it's just
been the best day like sometimes I watch
back the vlogs from last summer and I
think how can anything ever top those
logs cuz we had so much fun and we were
like chillin but today's has been a
topper its top 10 it's something good
company good food good weather and a lot
of water it's been really fun and I feel
like I haven't really blogged much but
I've been like so in the moment I
haven't really thought about picking up
my camera much which i think is a good
sign and also you may notice this is
like the fourth clip where I still
haven't brushed my hair and I'm still
putting up in a topknot and I haven't
won any makeup but that's just because
the weather's been so nice and I've just
been getting in and out of the pool and
not sorting my hair out so it's going
all like wavy
I will wash my hair tomorrow okay but
for now it's fine papi amok have you
come to the trampoline without me I'm
coming on
