you know NOLA
just got to the carpark and knowledge
immediately jumped on my lap she wasn't
a seatbelt and I'm I was just on the
phone 21 so she was like getting really
impatient that we weren't leaving the
car so she jumped in my lap good morning
hope you're all good hope you're having
a lovely day wherever you are whatever
you're doing it's Wednesday and Alfie's
been in Berlin Mullen bowling ow he's
been in Berlin Monday and Tuesday with
YouTube and I took the opportunity to
absolutely blitz the longest to-do list
I think I've ever created and I was so
chuffed with myself because I literally
crossed off 35 things you know those
jobs that you know you have to do and
they just like linger in your head and
you can't you just don't feel right not
writing them down so I decided to do a
bit of a brain dump and I wrote
absolutely everything from the big to
the small to the really mundane to the
really important and started crossing
them off and most of which I did from my
bed which made me so happy
I actually feel like I'm getting a cold
and I feel very very rundown so it was
quite nice to be able to like do a lot
of those jobs that involved me literally
just staring at a screen all day I got
so much done and now I feel so much
better and my mind feels clearer ah if
you are in need of doing that get out
some paper or get out your laptop make a
list and no matter how silly or small or
ridiculous are you resting your head on
my steering wheel oh my god you're so
cute write it down and try and cross off
as many as you can in a day and you will
feel so much better I feel lighter
anyway so it's Wednesday I'm coming into
the office today
Alfie's back this evening but I have
lots of stuff I still need to do on my
list and things I need to do in the
office
we've got Becky from SLG which is my
licensing company for my products and
Katie who is the designer down today and
tomorrow and we're just going to try and
really nail the lifestyle 20-19
collection because I is one of those
collections we've never done anything
like it before
I am very particular very fussy and I'm
a perfectionist so I want the designs
and the products to be the absolute best
they can be so the first thing we have
to nail is the design before we move on
to the products and we've had quite a
lot of back-and-forth of this particular
design it's kind of an area that isn't
my expertise let's say and it does
involve quite a lot of intricate detail
without giving away too much of what it
is because this is a really long way
away before any of you see it but it's
kind of like nailing the colors knowing
the patterns getting it right making it
look kind of commercial and like people
will actually like it I think that's the
hardest thing because it's one thing me
liking it and obviously my intention is
for me to like it but at the same time I
want everyone else to really like it and
I want the casual boots customer who has
no idea whatsoever life style is to also
like it so it is hard getting that right
and it does take a lot of time and a lot
of effort and because we want to put a
bit more time into this just to make
sure that it is the best it can be
Katy and Becky have come down today so
I'm really excited to see them and get
cracking on it so we should probably go
so I've been talking for five minutes
you're so cute
I was singing really loudly in the car
on the way like proper belting probably
sounded awful and because I have a soft
top people outside can actually hear but
Nala was next to me on the seat just
staring at me and I didn't know if it
was really cute because she was like
watching me singing or if she was like
please shut the hell up
either way oh you're like getting
company no we're going now come on then
let's go let's go
which way you going
we're not doing a little bit product
testing 2019 that's just a real life
they still have of course I have it
somewhere but we should we should try
mind it but this is because I think she
knows what this needs to be less it's
shouldn't have citrus in it it needs to
be more like ot needs to be more like
organic but yeah see now it's it's
dulling down you can say if you then
last note these notice the nice smell
that we approved which can read me the
last names rather do that I can kind of
smell it coming through
now the only calluses covering is making
it more interesting kind of covering up
those lovely more kind of basic notes
for a minute I thought damn those toilet
King is working on the citrusy smell
it's cosy case and I am oh good this
smells like a completely different
product for me it's not on here that's
not why I'm here same range this is
saying I think that on me yes maybe we
should test it on unpacking Katie it's
you open yeah that's that to me it's not
like incense sticks and I'm not sure I'm
loving it they probably just if they're
a way of just reducing the amount of
sandalwood you have then you'd have to
change the fabrics you want to keep it
aside wait it's not a bit coconut it
yeah damn it I just talked in the bad
things and he
is this Rihanna oh look at the new desk
we've got back here behind Holly quote
of the week the royal family are banned
from playing Monopoly you can't room oh
why is that here's the brainteaser for
you I know how you all liked the other
one the day before yesterday I was 25
and next year I will be 28 when is my
birthday and what date am I saying this
I got it denied no but having to do it
also we've got this the great British
stake off okay
oh my god I don't know how you've missed
that are you watching it yeah have I got
you into makeup oh my god okay wait I
won't say who's baking tomorrow them but
whenever someone's person leaves they
have to bake the Thursday so my current
favorite is right say yeah Dan's loves
late eh I'm literally holding the
stupidest tripod right
you see my public massive in that
picture right I think we're gonna go and
look at some designs now
I think 17 makes it tick yeah I think
not okay yeah yeah
why don't you have those yeah I have
that so I'm thinking I reckon you post
the long version i photo shows you yeah
Sunday I think Sunday might be a good
day
Sunday afternoon what do you think yeah
yeah listening to a bit of run the world
who run the world Nana this is what
Sophie can see of Nala get involved
she's been designing on Katie's lap
haven't you guys how do we feel
knowledge design input was today yeah
very helpful very creative obser ated I
I love the way she walks
Oh see you can jump up there it's a
little liar
it's a little fraud did anyone watch
bodyguard guys oh my god it is it's like
February when we first came to the
office it's getting dark and it's what's
the time it's hot is it fast I'm like
excited though everyone I know that
Carrie will agree with me but everyone I
made it to it's like like tom was like I
literally can't believe you said that in
your vlog that you can't wait for yeah
exactly it's not nice waking up when
it's dark but it does feel like cozy now
it feels really cozy me and Carrie have
just been measuring I kind of wish we'd
film that we're contemplating putting
all the desk in a line
yeah a mega desk so we currently have
one two three the middle one basically
isn't used but every time we have
everyone from our team here there's
always one person who basically perches
on the end of Kerry's desk yeah yeah so
we think it might be a bit more like fun
and social and not that that's what
we're here for but funded so sure yeah I
never like to make someone just go and
sit on this table on their own so the
naughty table so I think I think a bit
of an autumn mix-up I know and I mean
it's like Kerry said we can always just
try it I do nice feet Alfie obviously
because this is half his office I was
very tempted to just do it but we have
to let everybody else know and see what
he thinks but I I think it would be so
fun to have one long one long desk and
then no one's like left out we need to
get out of here everyone else is gone
we're still here I've got a few exciting
things to test in my bath later Oh
looks like a giant condom right I'm home
I've cleaned out my car basically on the
walk on the walk to the car I was little
we on the pavement which is fine that's
what dogs do can't help it when they got
a go they go go but she peed and where
there was like the joins of the pavement
she created like a little river that
flowed through the cracks and went all
over her own feet so I had to put her on
my seat thankfully I've got leather
seats in my car so I knew I could wipe
it but it also meant she didn't really
have a very comfortable ride home
because she did not want to lie down
because
she made pity she made a pissy seat that
she didn't want to sit in which is
totally fair enough but I just had to
give that a good wipe clear out any
rubbish you know in your car starts to
get a little bit like a bin and you've
got like empty coffee cups banana skins
wrappers and bottles like shoved down
the sides empty that now it's all clean
smells amazing
no pissy seat and a lovely blanket in
there for Nala in the morning cleaning
out the car is literally just one of
those jobs that you just don't ever
really want to do I feel like my new
life motto is just do it if you have to
second guess something like ah do I do
that now or should I do it another time
just do it just do it like I picked like
I brought through a couple of bags from
my boot that needed to go up to the
office and I was like oh do I just leave
that there for now and I'm like no just
do it now if Eric doesn't feel a lot
better anyway I'm going to have a bath
I've got a couple of products that I
need to test one of which I have already
put in my mouth not sure how I feel
about it yet I'm gonna get in see how my
skin feels see what kind of experience I
get from the product and these were in
the office
mint Tim Tams so I'm gonna have one of
these in the bathroom and that's it
that's my update for now see ya right
I've got a face mask on I've come up the
bath
Alfie's walk through the door and he's
straight in a work call I haven't even
allowed to him yet is the realities of
what we do
this looks really funny it looks like I
haven't got a plate I should be able to
see him after that
it is cold out today Thursday it's all
misty this is like my fave but oh my god
it's cold and look foxy footprints you
see that this wasn't Nala so this was a
fox circling around on the grass
are you walking sideways
okay well then you get breakfast good
girl
Kevin then Kevin ultimate autumn leaf I
love it
everyone's having a little look yeah I
think we've nailed it snuck out the
office right she's a little break to
fair this will be my lunch break because
we've got back-to-back meetings after
this
oh my god I just ran actually no muscle
item relish to my variation screams Pepe
are going to get our nails done nails
are done and I've pop it back to the
office and we're just about to have a
little catch-up meeting lots of exciting
things going on that we all need to
update each other on and we're actually
in the green meeting room today which is
very weird because we always go your
just finished up another meeting and had
a spot of lunch and it's now time to
taste test Lauren's bake-off masterpiece
are you excited
is it B scoffs Lauren and because you've
got Becky and Katie we've got more
testers uniform today so wait everyone
knows who left bake-off now right I'm
not gonna ruin it for some well I don't
know but you sure Holly's reached out
about it
Antonia is left Anthony Anthony I know
and that's who Lauren had in their Bake
off's take off so that's why she is baby
sweet how do you feel this compares to
your mum's Rock cakes my rock cake
and I'm havin another I'm telling you
this is the most people we've ever had
to taste test on a Thursday actually
was it so that we yes like the mean we
have six companies we got first one we
have presentations tan taste tan whoa
texture turn seriously oppressed
Hollywood handshake
could not possibly get better
presentation turn out turn taste turn
out turn texture turn out so good ok
next one we've got presentation ten out
of ten
taste eight out of ten texture seven out
of ten effort ten out of ten
35 out of 40 absolutely delicious okay
next one presentation ten out of ten
taste ten out of ten texture ten out of
ten
Matt Burt ten out of ten total of forty
or forty there's not the best anything
around that in the competition
not the whole world actually like Paul
could eat all day but Wisconsin is my
face okay presentation ten out of ten
taste nine out of ten texture ten out of
ten effort ten out of ten thirty nine
hour forty feet a eautiful all are you
ready Joe open a school like it okay
presentation seven out of ten
okay seven out of ten texture six out of
ten effort ten after
but you did like that we were washed you
presentation 9.5 taste 8.5 texture 8f at
1036 hour 40 bloody YUM amazing welder
presentation nine point five out of ten
taste I would love to know what the
point five was ten texture 10 F at ten
thirty nine point five comments too
small I want more
okay so we've got presentation ten taste
nine texture nine effort 1038 hour forty
no comment that presentation ten taste
nine texture 9f at 10:30 hour forty oh
and last one ten for presentation 10 for
taste temper texture temp effort 48:40
are amazing
so get into it no she did Oh bitchin
dudes your fashion is because you've got
four like cash Dunham I've got the slip
get your leopard print shirt I feel like
I've gone a bit crazy do this to our
next meeting oh yeah two more to meet
two more to meet this challenge is very
exciting to multi meetings it sounds
very exciting this is the first meeting
of a new project to submit a new project
and oh my god it's a knitted dog dress
with pom-poms are there I need to go
there can you get online
meetings
oh no we've got one more meeting but
guess what it's a yes from Alfie I just
don't know if you'll say yes or not no I
think it'd make sense yeah so we're
moving the desks after our last meeting
the desks are getting moved it would be
even more perfect yeah three of us can
lift them I'm so excited
imagine like after one day we're like no
hey yeah yeah yeah hello everybody it's
Friday and I look naked no it isn't
summer I'm wearing a bikini with a post
pasta baby in my front but we are having
a really fun day this is zoomed in again
we're having a really fun day doing lots
of photos for the beauty and lifestyle
ranges so we've got the bathroom all set
up
we've got Lauren with the camera Nala
who is never too far away and I'm about
to put product on it oh so I'm about to
get in but honey who's my boy in a
bikini it's funny because I feel like a
child's game whoa wait wait
daya is this waterproof my camera yeah
no yeah oh no you can see me mm-hmm
this is how you real-life have your
buffs oh this bath shots done and we
managed to get some really cute ones of
Nala wrapped up in a blanket with
bubbles around her or visiting her in
the bath but we made it look like she
had her own little bath camper did you
wonder who I was talking to then five
years right so we're still with Godzilla
I know I've got like hot bath brain and
we're just doing some more like autumnal
book shots and then I think we're about
done for the day but we'll be doing lots
more of these we've got all of the
packaging and products and props
I know the song of course I know the
song you think I am what you take me for
so one of the shots we're doing is with
the new mug for this year which says sip
sip hooray and it's got these leaves and
I just love that you can see through it
I love mugs like that and little
photography hack if you ever need to
take a photo of a hot chocolate don't
heat up because your cream or melt
it'll look a disaster half the time you
see hot chocolates in photo shoots
they're not hot because they need to
stay like this for a long time and if
you heat up this hot chocolate it is
just gonna melt so there you go exposed
also the reason why I haven't done my
hair and makeup or like bothered with
looking nice on a photo shoot is that
actually this photo shoot doesn't have
my face in it's all just like hands and
feet and from behind I really do have
that bass was way too hot I got out and
I just downed like little horn update we
had someone come and take a look at it
and they explained it was actually very
insightful they explained all about
Hornets oh there's a lot of wasps there
it's explained all about Hornets and the
Queen Hornet which is apparently this
big which is currently residing in my
chimney
so he dealt with the Hornets oh it's a B
that's okay these are allowed um I
didn't realize that Hornets they're not
actually is apparently oh don't go in
there you die
Hornets aren't as like nasty as wasps
apparently but their sting will hurt a
lot more than a wasp sting and Hornets
are essentially killing all our
honeybees so I feel less cruel getting
rid of them because if they're getting
rid of the honeybees they're the ones we
need to save they're the ones we need to
protect so I'm just telling myself look
how cute these autumn sprinkles are I
ordered them from the Baker's part of
shop which i think is an American
company because I remember them being
shipped from the US they are just
incredible I've just sprinkled some on
top with a hot chocolate just to give it
that little autumnal touch but yeah the
Baker's party shop have some great
sprinkles if like me you are continually
disappointed by the UK's the selection
of sprinkles because quite frankly
they're just rubbish
not these the UK's version of sprinkles
there we go ultimate autumn hot choc
Holly just said can you guys throw
roly-poly I'm not a focus and I was like
you know what I don't know if I can
still do a roly-poly where's she gone
Holly there's not enough space there do
it down like along here oh my god I
thought you tripped you can I've got
faith holy holy oh holy
why are you doing that with your arm
yeah come on you got this you got to do
you got you have to put your hands in
front of you yeah yeah and now oh my god
why when your child is nothing scared
yeah that's why I can't escape yeah yeah
my name's oh I got you one
