good morning Nala good morning Alfie I'm
gonna vlog again today Oh
cameras in the way and I am still
wearing what I had on yesterday and I
haven't washed my hair in about a week
it's not because I'm grubby it's
literally just because I haven't
unpacked any of my clothes yet so I had
like four outfits I have packed for last
week and I haven't got any others out
yet which i think is probably my
priority for today is to try and get
most of my clothes out so you'll have to
excuse me I want to go and get in the
bath but I have no we don't know where
any of our like shower stuff is yeah
because we've been staying at his mum
and dads so we've been using their
shower stuff and now last night was our
first night in the house and now me and
Al feel like we want to wash I don't
know where the clothes or washing stuff
is a priority either way I really would
like to have a bath and I'm quite chilly
this morning it's been like the
loveliest weather whilst we were moving
all the boxes and like the furniture
which we were so lucky for lucky for
lucky about lucky four and now it's like
a cloudy day but apparently it's gonna
be really lovely weather this week which
makes me so happy everyone came over
last night like poppy Shaun Amanda and
Nick and we had like our first little
like meal we had just like nibbly bit
because we have no sauceman's right now
that's one thing we need to go by and
poppy and Sean bought me the most
amazing flowers look at them these
peonies are like the pinkest peonies
I've ever seen
I want to spin East also this could go
horribly wrong look how pretty they are
and Shaun also made us a banana loaf
which I'm not gonna lie I have had a
slice off for breakfast
it was delicious thank you Sean he's
like the master of banana low let's pop
that Oh
flower there we go that'll do I should
probably put some water in there to be
honest I'm not sure why our water is so
cloudy like what is that that's weird
it's settling now but it was like really
cloudy also look there's a B we need to
save it no no no wall that was close
don't stand on the B Nullah I don't want
her to eat it don't eat the be no no oh
gosh she's seen it okay come on come on
good yeah I think you're supposed to put
some sugar water on a spoon and then put
it in front of the B should we save the
B don't touch the B be careful be
careful oh I don't think it did she she
went down if she went down to eat it I
bloody knew she would do that stay away
from the B it attached itself to her
face that's like the weirdest thing I've
ever seen I'm not sure I want to save
this beer it just attacked my dog drink
oh my god it's drinking Alfie come and
look at this
how long do I have to hold this spoon
here for
you okay Missy she's alright I think
that I think the bee just got confused
because it you know when they're all
like drowsy and it just sort of it with
it attached itself to knowledge face
that was the weirdest thing
it hasn't stung her though she's just oh
me and Nala a chillin we're actually
waiting for Alka mum and dad to come
because they're coming around to help us
today
just with some unpacking and stuff and
we are making up a new guinea pig cage a
lot of you are like where are the guinea
pigs which is fair enough because I did
forget to say the guinea pigs are also
absolutely fine they are am under a
Nick's because we bought a new Hut and
we haven't had the time to put it up yet
so they're fine they're in their
temporary accommodation until today when
we're gonna build their hutch and then
we can go and get them and bring them
over I'm not sure they're gonna have the
same Oh actually I suppose they're
moving into a completely new cage so for
them that is like moving house but I'm
not too sure they're gonna be that
familiar with everything else going on
not like Nala anyway I'm watching love
Island I'm really enjoying it I think
I'm getting addicted to it if I wanna oh
I think I scared her with the bee is
this all a bit much for you
I think she thinks that we're like
staying at someone's house or that were
in an air B&B because at new year we all
go and stay in like a house and we take
the dog so for them that's like their
holiday I think she thinks it's a bit
like that
she cried twice in the night as well she
was in our room but like in her bed in
our room and she cried and I just had to
lie in my bed ago it's okay Nala I'm
still here and then she went back to
sleep which is quite key but I've had to
put the fire on because I'm actually
quite cold it does make me cozy though
because I had a fire in my first flat
that I moved to in Brighton and I loved
it I love having a fire especially in
autumn winter
having a fire makes like all the
difference so we actually have quite a
few now we've got this one which i think
is really cozy it does give off heat but
it's obviously it's not as like it's not
as much heat as like a log burner
because it's underneath the TV like that
is a fire hazard in fact when I was sat
here watching this I was like I wonder
if it could all catch fire I'm assuming
not because I didn't install it so it
should be fired which reminds me there
was so many of you commenting like I
can't wait to see what you do to it at
Christmas I can already picture where
you're putting Christmas trees and I
just think that's so funny because you
all know me so well because when we
first came to view this house I walked
through the door and I saw a spot that I
was like and I said oh my god a
Christmas tree would look amazing there
and that was the first thing I thought
I'm excited to be in this house but
autumn and winter
it still doesn't really feel real it
still feels like I'm staying in someone
else's house but gradually as we start
to move lots more of our things into it
it does start to feel like it's ours I
guess it will just take time like to get
used to it but you cozy this is my wig
my toupee hmm your was it good hmm
Merkin do you remember this ad man wiser
I tremble the noises I don't remember
their Amanda and Nick have just arrived
and look at the card they got its got
like a monopoly house in hotel on it I
love it and she's also bought some
pretty flowers lovely look at the dogs
look a father he's playing with the
football
oh yeah there's a rabbit down there I
think she's eating the poo
we found the rabbit hole Nala we've
banned it
I don't think you'll be going down there
any time soon
look at her looking for like rabbit fish
she can smell them oh good Nana
dip it in Percy's new house kindly
constructed by neck ah they can I love
it still here still unpacking right I've
managed to find the shower box here it
is the only problem is I think we've had
a leakage where I was leakage there oh
no this is gonna be really messy
I am so tired and I still look like crap
I am gonna have one now so it's gonna be
the first shower in the house such am
excited about the only thing is I don't
have any clothes that aren't this to
change into and I would quite like to
find some that are we have some clothes
this is a jumpsuit this is a Oh a maxi
dress that will be good
okay I've managed to find an outfit I
mean it's slightly creased but it'll do
I think this is a Topshop top and then I
also found these like smartish trousers
that can go on the waist and then I also
found these pajamas which I packed for
when we moved into this house which
ironically is funny because our house
fills with these because of the outside
garden so I feel like that's very
fitting I've also managed to find a
razor because I have not shaved my
armpits or my legs in like two weeks
I'm gonna go and have a shower now
I really want you to be able to see what
I'm doing but I don't have any way of
like rocking you up on my table right
now I'm not really gonna bother with too
much makeup we're only going to the
supermarket so a little bit of concealer
a little bit of bare minerals with
little rules a little bit of charlotte
tilbury palette this is the contour
color tiny bit of blush a little bit of
Estee Lauder bronze goddess gold
highlight because I'm obsessed with this
there we go
it's meses para using my trusty fave
Maybelline lash sensational little bit
on my bottom lashes this is the pixie
lower lash mascara I was like what
haven't I done my eyebrows I'm still
using this I think I put this in my
favorites this is the Makeup Forever
aqua brow oh it's so good I just put a
little bit on the back of my hand and
then I use my Mac 266 angled brush put a
little bit on there I'm gonna need a
closer mirror for this my favorite
episode of the Kardashian is on it's the
one where Khloe and Kris TP is it cool
TP I don't know we don't really do it in
the UK but they throw like these throw
toilet paper all over Kim sells I love
it because Kris is a wild one in this
episode also guys I've started watching
gilma Gilmore Girls on Netflix and I'd
heard about it but I just never thought
I would be into it so I didn't start
watching it but quite a lot of people
who I know really really liked it so I
was like I'll give it a try
I just finished what I just finished
Carmen what series I'd finished by I
finished a series and I was like I need
something else and I just kept aside one
on and I can see how so many of you are
obsessed with it it's like a really cozy
program you know I Cody programs so yeah
I think I'm gonna become obsessed with
that it's nice to have a program that
you can leave on like in the background
that doesn't require like too much of
your attention and I feel like Gilmore
Girls is one of those it's like a cozy
background program so I've been watching
that let me know if there's anything
else that you have been enjoying
watching recently oh god I've got like
shower gel over everything not that I
have any time right now to be like
obsessed with TV programs but whilst I'm
unpacking I can still have something on
in the background do you know I hope
it's not not gonna be like too boring of
me I feel like they're not like I don't
have anything of like substance to film
apart from like unpacking like it's
quite difficult because it's like I
really want to vlog I'm so excited I'm
so happy and I've got like a new love of
life but I don't really know what to
film this of any interest because I'm
essentially unpacking boxes and trying
to decide where things go and although I
personally quite like watching very like
organizational videos like I love
watching time lapses of people like
tidying and sorting I don't know where
things are going so if I was like
tidying it would kind of make that
because I could just like time-lapse
that but but yeah I hope you are
enjoying them I'm really enjoying
filming them oh I've also been loving
this I was meant to put this in my
favorites but I forgot it says a deacon
Voltaire this is her Oh de parfum oh it
smells so great I really love this I've
been wearing this like everyday for the
past like month there we go I like my
lip color I'm in the mood for red lip
red network so they've got a red top on
although this makeup look is all of a
sudden about to get very vampy I was
like oh I'm not gonna put much makeup on
the minute you put red lip on it kind of
bumped it up a bit
oh you haven't put on like a liquid
lipstick or something and it really
tickles your lip oh my god my lip is
really tickling and front of you
wondering this is a huge a beauty liquid
matte lip color in heartbreaker I am
feeling a lot more human puppet hair
spray on get a bit of texture up in here
okay that's too much texture done I'm
gonna go downstairs I'm gonna turn off
the Kardashians oh my god why am I
losing my voice all of a sudden cool
well I'm still waiting to Alfie who went
to take back the removal van why is my
voice gone all of a sudden what was I
saying
wait leave Alfie who is taking back the
rental van that we used to move house
and then we're gonna go food shopping
and it's gonna be like the first big
food shop which I'm excited to do
although I have things like this but I
want to fill with things like ideally I
want like these four big ones to have
cereal in so you've already got some
Coco Pops but I do feel like we should
have some Lucky Charms up there but I
don't know what else to
all these jars with basically we've got
tea bags in one so maybe coffee in the
other look this is all that's left of
Sean's banana bread thanks Sean it was
delicious
I might have to have another piece
because we have no food so the banana
bread is what's basically kept four of
us going all day we've come to wait Rose
get me so I didn't get stressed to give
you something for going the wrong way
once and getting annoyed I have this
thing where I don't really get stressed
too much I'm driving apart from if I am
in the wrong lane Lane you got the wrong
way but then that really stresses me out
yeah like I can't handle going the wrong
way or being in wrong lane really
stresses me out anyway we're now so
let's go this is my new vocal technique
she's just very inconspicuous oh oh
to go down we're too busy vlogging yeah
I get to do quick okay let's put my card
in please take the illuminated handset
yay
we're all done we're getting back into
the lift to go up to the carpark I'm so
tired I'm just gonna curl up here and
have a little sleep don't trap me that's
mean healthy not strong enough or your
camera's a bit broken can you do that
okay
stop we need to carry me no it won't it
will not stop if we drive no because no
no there's a trolley thing over there
but it's just gonna stop okay
it might not stop if you walk out the
building I don't know
Hey
I really thought that was gonna work it
happened to me once when I was with
Tanya what no it hasn't
yeah you via Siri that's so weird
it's just randomly stopped bloody oh
you're strong oh my god we tried to push
the trolley out of Waitrose in like
london yeah I know just pick it up oh my
gosh our car is dirty so we need to get
it all cleaned
oh my god it's quarter to nine blimey
the bloomin shop shuts in 15 minutes
what was that what did you do
I definitely call with the sauce Hey
so we wanted to get some new alcohol for
the bar cup because all we have is gin
and you bought another gin but I bought
my favorite one that I'm gonna hide out
these ham or whatever it is let's see if
you noticed you ready to party where's
my salami crazy how do you put my salami
I mean yes you do everybody ohh yet in
your bum hole yeah
just put my indicator on behind and
we're cooking dinner and look who's here
and I've decided to have I picked up
this which is a Moroccan hummus and
mixed Panama Tartine and I'm having it
with some smiles or in my day they were
actually quite famous but they've
changed oh yeah are you fighting now who
gets what we have two spare bedrooms
they're both lovely tonight after the
arrangements
yours is the green or creme
you're right down their neck your eye
he's next to the tech wise there's a
bloody grasshopper on the barkoff go on
look it just touches back one is then
touch it I need to capture hold on you
know help get out there Nora eat it off
okay good idea
yeah but then then what I love I'm
making you do it that's a really big pot
we're trying to get rid of this
grasshopper in there well you put it on
doing right somersault
without all there is it doesn't very
well
where is that oh he's fine he's just in
shock you murdered him not bury him give
him a funeral I did you know what guys
you could have been dead before I think
she feels at home now my two favorite
love Arland another three favorite you
know what it is he thinks you're gonna
put him in it I've had a really lovely
day and now we are chillin we've like
stopped up the covers with food now
which is good and tomorrow we get the
guinea pig which I'm excited about and
there hatch is open made my mum is
coming tomorrow potentially Joe is
coming tomorrow I think so I'm not sure
but I'll let you know
yay oh I am I'm sorry I've lost mine oh
thank you and there's your phone oh
thank you
what is it oh my god I'm leaving that in
have you just put that down on the rug
take that take that drink off the rug
out face store that's disgusting
what the Cisco Lang's remember you
didn't you did an actual fart I'm gonna
end this vlog here because I'm really
tired and realistically I'm not gonna
remember to do it when I actually go to
bed so thank you so much for watching
today's vlog give it a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it make sure to subscribe if you
haven't already
and I love you very much and I'll see
you again very very soon say good bye
good bye good night see you soon nan I
say good bye
well
