okay I'm blind I am about to get ready
for the day even though it's midday I've
been running around like a headless
chicken this morning trying to sort out
some like work bits and tidy up spare
room because mark coming to play I'm so
excited I haven't seen him since before
Christmas so I think this has probably
been oh my god this lighting I think
this has probably been the longest we
haven't hung out with each other
and it feels like a lifetime so I'm so
excited to see him it's a beautiful day
I think we'll probably go around
Brighton and go for lunch or do
something nice like that but yeah I'm
super excited I'm gonna do my makeup now
and I need to sort this lighting out
because I can't do my makeup like this
because I can't even aim for my are you
oh I actually feel so much more human
when I do my makeup okay so mark it's
still not here yet which is good I've
just had a little like work call meeting
so I'm feeling quite productive and it
is the most beautiful day listening to a
little bit of Little Mix pop - jumper on
because it's actually still quite chilly
I thought I would show you my outfit of
the day so we have this jumper which is
a real super light pink and it is the
softest thing in the world is so nice
it's kind of like batwing II and loose
it's quite 80s and it has kind of
high-ish neck and then I've got my
little black Asus waist belt and then
these mum jeans which have embroidery on
them and I am obsessed I really like
this outfit and then I have my UGG
slippers which don't particularly go but
I'm gonna put like either boots or
trainers on but yeah that is my outfit
of the day I don't know whether to leave
my hair in like this like half up half
down like ponytail or to do like the bun
that I've been doing quite a lot
recently I don't know which one I'm
feeling more I just think I look like
one of those funny dogs like this like
funny ears I don't know I might do the
bun actually these are from Topshop I
don't know if I said and also this
jumper is from Topshop - I'll leave a
link in the description box of anything
that I am wearing if it's still linkable
so check down there also I'm wearing a
color pop Bianca lip color and the more
fall into the frost process will fall
into the something more palette I've
tidied all of the spare room look how
unchristian here now makes me so sad but
I do have my zoella lifestyle naps fix
everything cushion and some like fluffy
ones
and I have kept like a tiny nod to
Christmas because I've got my
gingerbread hungry hands hand cream and
a spiced gingerbread candle although
that is very festive because it has a
gingerbread man on it so maybe we'll
take that away actually but we'll
replace that candle that's slightly too
festive and then on this side I've got a
little diptych handle my plan and my
bedside table lamps which were from
HomeSense and I really really like them
well maybe it was TK Maxx but same thing
and I have a little collection of things
that I've been meaning to give mark or I
bought him over like the past month
this is his memory card that he left
behind and then I bought this for him
for Christmas and forgot to give it to
him but it's a gin and tonic candle this
is the marshmallow pumpkin latte which
is our favorite scent from Bath and Body
Works and we ordered loads of these
scrubs and I last news hair I couldn't
find them and then I found them over
Christmas this is something he also
ordered I think it's the vanilla bean
room spray I think I definitely didn't
order it so I'm assuming it's something
Mike ordered and then this company sent
me two of these and in the little note
that they wrote in my PA box they said
here's twos you can give one to somebody
and I knew their mark would really like
this always tried to be a little kinder
than necessary because that is so like a
mark motto I went with the bun I just
it's just less in my face and floppy and
I really like it it's been way over a
month I know I said this is long as it's
ever being yes literally marks bought
himself some lunch yeah what did you get
scrumptious salmon crunchy creamy dog
boys Oh what what's wrong
Bannister's you left a candle burning
you've lost your watch unless my job you
never got my Luckies
I wasn't aware I wanted to show you this
I received a package from lush today so
I'm gonna open this are not openness
that's what Joe says oh come on
no no not every box that's oh it's
because she thinks it's like a wolf box
or something come I assumed in got it
look at this
butterball body conditioner she no
butterball is all my favorites
this looks so nice all smelly what's it
like
nice really summery for me is it I won't
be able to use on the rainy day and
there's also this one the big blue body
conditioner see we absolutely lap so the
skin to soften and soothe while your
mind surfs on back-to-back swells I feel
good lemon calming lavender blue I love
that that is so good for loving done
this is the biggest pot I am a student I
also what is body conditioner after you
shower Oh
divers keep up a handle of the shower in
the shower or bath massage over wet skin
and rinse away what is up with this
camera I just yeah I got your heart mark
did find his watch
yeah just let you know just taking you
up to the room I feel like a porter it's
not that I could yeah and I sir I'm
afraid it's much less christmasing well
it still smells quite Christmassy though
this is a very nice poem it's fake
yeah I've got ages ago from John Lewis
it was the one that was on the bar cart
but I brought it up here all right I'm
gonna go for a wee and then we're gonna
go into town
perfect oh you did order that didn't you
how about us you can have it stroll back
right go for a we see you later going
into town I'm in the freakin the crazies
made ever I'm so annoying
so you know for just move us from I love
it I've been on the phone yeah
tell us about your Christmas your new
year like for anyone that might just be
what following me and not you let them
know wait B mark I'm oh hi I'm mark you
may know me I'm sometimes on Zoe's
Channel
Christmas was good it was nice and
peaceful very family-orientated and then
I went clubbing on New Year's Eve no New
Year's Eve Pasha's for me though I
kissed my friend though I told you like
tonight
kiss my friend but no one wanted me on
Christmas Eve but no one wanted me on
New Year's Eve shut up do you best oh
yes a little shot on it's like we almost
got much in duckie we're just strolling
along you look at the cold yeah I'm
quite hold my fingers of oh my god why
not cause we just means you
you go to chucky wucky do dollars i do
need to go into space and can get some
little boys fries oh let's go in there
that's right here we're just having a
little catch-up walking through the town
it's such a nice day and we're gonna
head into space and came out because
mark needs some some lipstick telling
people in the shot you're seventeen is
how persistent years with telling people
the wrong age every time it's a
different one as well today with 18
gives away a little bit maybe should go
and get it
what he's so forgetful he's legit run
off back to space his camera watch that
just watch the last few pics it mean you
even literally oh that is much you know
what that is my worst nightmare
losing the camera yeah obviously there's
nothing incriminating not that yeah it's
enough you lose your head if it wasn't
screwed on we're like two cons in
another
all three get some juice from 42 juice
yeah are you feeling like healthy juice
I think I need something doing this
ginger shot it's a lot in a shot
actually isn't that
so good though I think well yeah it's so
hot
we've stumbled across this shop called
dum-dum that has loads of dunno my god
smart you're supposed to pay before you
eat it a blueberry cream would be nice
as well yeah okay for a blueberry cream
eaten massive experiment an Eton Mess
please is there bradley's it's just so
hard to choose yum Yum's from dum dum
turns out marks not the only forgetful
one I've left my phone in the car
I hope yeah okay I don't have it
slaving yet yeah maybe you ring it just
to check that it like rings through and
that no one answers it because then we
know actually no one's got it
did it ring yeah I think we need a night
out
we're actually planning to have like a
Pam tonight which I think I'm like well
oh did you wanna be honest let's go into
chalky Joaquin she they might have
repainted it not really
oh like a year and a month ago yeah it's
like you know Christmas yeah
do the fastest anybody seen this man I
thought you were rolling a Romney left
my drink in Murden I forgetting
something oh no it marks up the donuts
and the cronuts from dum-dum but I've
been a dum-dum I've left my drink in
there okay all right that we go flick
that we went into chucky wucky and it
was sunny we've come out into like
Narnia literally it's so misty out of
nowhere we were gonna sit on the beach
we still go down there but it's just not
as like that's only really hey no look
how Airy this is and also like the pier
is gone because it's so misty the mist
has descended upon us mark like where's
the Sun gone I think is there I can sort
of see it it's so strange started he's
worrying about the gullies
crazy
Manek this is atmosphere invent knocks
and broomsticks and London's really poor
bail are on the beach but why do you
look like a magician I just let you
disappeared out of my don't know I don't
think I did know it still
why are you pregnant
No okay goodness right I'm gonna put me
cam
the birds photoshoot done like I think
what we need to do is go home and
defrost defrost pamper and dum-dums and
going in see let's go ahead do i Rhonda
don't get too cocky I did that once and
I fell in
can you imagine if like just being in
this area we're all acting in a
different place now so we walk up their
room bloody but like you can't see
anything like this feels so weird it's
so funny because whenever a moan about
being cold everyone else is like yeah
we'll try living in the snow or yeah
we'll try living I'm telling you now
this is cold for the UK okay this is
freezing we are gonna head home now and
get to PJs and chill just chill and have
Dum Dums
Dum Dums yeah or if we just made that up
no dum dum yeah I'm done driving that's
right no problem you're welcome
that was fun me and Mark just did a
little live show on Instagram what you
hadn't done before but it was really
cool
and low as if you came to say hi so
thank you for that now we are sitting
down to watch a series called Happy
Valley which Mark said he's watched and
he thinks I'll really like so I'm
excited to see this we've got a lot of
doughnuts left we've tried some
doughnuts
look we're pretty much like massacred
the doughnuts and I think I want to take
my makeup off and do a face mask because
my skin feels weird you know when you
just feel like your makeup feels weird
and you just want to take off I really
want to do that no I always see much
today look you have an arrest even a
little rest I don't know if I actually
explained where Alfie was today but
Alfie's gone to London to hang out with
Jay just in case any of you are like
where's your boyfriend gone although I
don't know if he's going to be back in
time for him to have dinner with me a
mark so I need to double check that
before
oh I knew it my shame I knew him I could
feel it
I swear to you I was just about to side
she's somewhere she's too quiet
I'm sorry mom sorry keeping me young
keep me on my toes
we've got face masks on I've gone for V
Omer Omer of each I can never say this
is it unruhe Viktor or Moreau Victor or
of each side or Evita who knows but this
is one of my all-time favorite face
masks it smells like a spa it's the deep
cleansing mask I think you can get this
in spacing Kate or cult beauty I love
that you look in my handles in my
kitchen for a mirror
this is stinging somewhat yes it's like
your eyes really quickly yeah I don't
think it has dried
oh is it difficult yeah I'm not gonna
lie I had a little fall asleep how did
little fall asleep save you is on but
we're going up to bed now so I really
hope you guys have enjoyed this video
and give a thumbs up if you did as you
get ready
where are you oh there you are
