good morning as the start of a week it's
Monday I am now on my way to see my
bestie mark faris and I'm gonna help him
move in he is moving into a new flat
he's already got the keys I think he's
already been doing a fair bit of moving
in but I said to him that I was around
I'd love to help him if he still needed
any help so I'm heading over now to see
his new place and to help him with any
other bits and bobs that he needs to
take across to the new place hence why
I'm in the big Beastie Boy Range Rover
which keeps telling me that in 124 miles
I'm not gonna be able to start the
engines and I don't know if you're one
of these people I just ignore all these
warnings and it's probably really bad I
probably shouldn't do that it's saying I
need more blue something blue
dosing diesel exhaust fluid dosing
malfunction but I've got 124 miles until
I need to worry about what I keep
telling myself probably not the best way
to be living life on the edge I'm just
having a crazy Monday portaloos on the
road I wonder why my car also wouldn't
let me put marks new postcode in so I'm
slightly concerned I'm going to end up
nowhere near his new place when I got
two marks the lift wasn't working a mark
doesn't live on the ground floor or the
first floor I live very high up
considerably out of breath and then we
thought how on earth are we going to a
go buy any garden furniture yeah we'll
be bring any boxes from Mark's flat back
to his new flat I carry them up the
stairs like we just can't know so marks
now on the phone to try and get someone
to come and fix the lift but while we do
that we matter and who the Matt landmark
work dead for like six months what a
good six months they were and I just
thought it was worth showing you that
Matalin have gone Christmas cray-cray
look at this imagine your little mince
pies on this it's a sleigh I put my
looking like hot rocks on there as well
wouldn't that be so cute this is cute
little slaw
we know subtle Christmas alone this you
place outside your flat have a cracking
Christmas
thank you I found you a soap dispenser
Christmas to you when I got us lost
yeah I've still got that oh my god no
but I love that yeah yeah your tack I
love it
I put one of these in my balcony oh my
god look at this I quite like this oh my
god this is so cute
I feel like it's I've I've not seen any
Christmas stuff anywhere yet this is
very like I mean I'm a little bit happy
he sees you when you're drinking oh my
god that's literally me when I drink all
right I'll have one fill me up
honestly you should cover your entire
tree and just bottles and glasses it's a
football yeah like a bowl wow I can't
believe it I'm in shock I was not
prepared on Christmas on the 3rd of
September women bull that was a coffee
hey why is it gone my dad that's been in
the car fight too late it marks it on
home
still on hold look at Christine there
yeah it's like we like fine just race up
front down that's what you've done oh
yeah
right where we going these days more
sense you know you're American doesn't
pants on a way to be able to become
anything makes a little playlist Rothman
is no we don't want to go on your
website
education is easy and so often these
days we're still on the line
Oh
pardon oh no just the pigeons she wants
you to take a picture of her
photographer extraordinaire
okay ask if you can have some seed in
your hand smoked pumpkin emerge lovely
hey I'm so shiny my nose nothing freaky
now I can't speak so far I've got myself
a funny pumpkin lots of these little
Halloween characters if my mom is
watching this is the sort of stuff that
my mum by vic we should get attached to
them and think that they're really cute
can't leave in the shop and i for now
I'm doing the same thing as mama you are
your mama
I am my mom so this TK Maxx of
incredible basket
probably one you have to buy that I
don't have what it smell gonna lean
dishes White has the broom out for sighs
you really did fly I used to I used to
dream that I could fly did anyone else
but then I would wake up and actually
think I can fly and then I couldn't help
is more oh I know I've got come for this
one oh the one at the back but I get to
attack oh look at the little Ratigan oh
I can't I can't get that money well just
pick this up and was like a snowman
snowman so I used to use a spy or a
temple bend down let me see what house
are you
oh my behalf of to you high five for the
nice ones
I'm helping mark pick the row and some
cushions for a sofa I just said just
call me Carol smiley I know who did you
say you are
Lawrence Lawrence bonum cards laurence
llewelyn bowen
don't fly in someone was I have you been
burgled oh no it's all empty
you surprise me do you still have your
Santa don't know this aunt we bought you
you are it pops
Domino's texting me lat do you want more
pizza I'm like yes ma'am but you said to
mark but I'm walking around with are you
okay it's just exposure to me oh I don't
think you've ever gone through like a um
a blog clip without me interrupting you
somehow yeah so we've just been walking
around town and I've got like this Gabby
cold sore on the side of mountain I just
said to mark I think
oh yeah wait I said to market looks like
I've got food on my left and people
probably thought he's got when I lit
that oh she enjoyed her lunch didn't she
looks like I've been like hit in the
mouth you don't you're not gonna get
them first you're like oh yeah yeah I
get consuls at least like six times a
year they must be tight you can do to
prevent them mmm not really you could
sort of treat them once they're there
you know when they come on yeah it's
normally when I might run down or like
stress or never do you know when you're
about to get one
mostly yeah really it's like ant either
get ill or have a console it's like my
body decides which one it wants which
I'm grateful that I'm not like ill but
they're very sore and this time round I
did have like six or five five or six in
a row
which I don't normally get uh normally
got at one but that one was quite a
savage and now every time I laugh it
splits
every time I brush my teeth it splits
he's also I've got my mouth open really
wide then I do my Listerine and it kills
it's okay it's just one of those things
that's going to take longer to heal
because it keeps cracking open get
yourself a friend who when they top up
for petrol get your little bouncy a
little double bounty and a diet coke
yeah oh gosh what's crazy do you
remember like when we were younger like
the diet cokes who said like the hint of
lemon huh yeah you could get one with
her a dash of lemon don't my mom this
brain is stinky thing why is there two
ends so so that's the sides that's the
side and that's the ends oh one of these
goes up here do you know which end is
which I like it there fine I think I
said you know which end is which I think
they're fine I think they're fine like
being both the same he sure yeah
maybe this is not the one side down
yeah now tighten them that will take a
beating right where do I want to put the
bad dog
oh you want to fit there right no in
that corner but for now we can turn it
on this way
oh my god
I'm going to sleep in it tonight
the climbed up the Sun expecting all the
friends gone that's why I don't burn it
well oh I'm so weird it's like a Tesco
over there that's what my done was last
night I want now but I am leaving mark
but yeah thank you for having me your
flat is gorgeous honestly any time now
if you need any help let me know
Raimundo always like with the other flap
it was so hard to like host in it
because it was so small do you know what
I mean that you've started a very good
job of hosting thank you but I just feel
like it was never my home in that place
you you outgrew it extremely early and I
just I I did like if you're here I
thought what there's more to do because
of luck
yeah hey like hop Scott done we can
Starla and get home so I'm gonna head
down to the Carmel lift still doesn't
work by the way oh yeah hello everybody
welcome to Wednesday I mean today as you
can see and it is also knowledge
birthday she is for today so you can
guess that I am gonna be making some
pupcakes later and buzz is gonna come
around and a family going to come around
but we're in the office today I've got a
few meetings and bits and bobs going on
but also we have a very exciting visitor
with four little lengths
it's Doug the puck so Nana doesn't
realize it yet but she has like one of
the most famous dogs ever ever coming on
her birthday which is like so so cute so
we've been doing a little doggy photo
shoot with Nala for her fourth birthday
with this balloon and some little
outfits this this tutu is the cutest
thing ever and she had this little hat
on I probably should have filmed it but
I just wanted to like get the pics done
she looks like she's shouting yeah so
yeah we have Doug the pug arriving any
time soon the office is very excited
Danielle just bought me a crunchy and I
am like so happy
I love honeycomb is one of those things
though like africanus because of the
texture of it really it also does get
stuck in your teeth a little bear
it's not healthiest but I really know
Leslie Rob and Doug here in the office
newest office member malar is like that
annoying like child that just won't
leave in the life she go now oh you know
she's very excited on you you're so
excited
so Doug Leslie and Rob have left now and
look how exhausted Nala roots hi he's so
sleepy now
did you love say Doug did don't come and
see you on your birthday such a lovely
coincidence I even said to them the
minute you leave she is going to be
absolutely shattered and look at her she
really is good girl you with your teddy
there you go
the night here they are the birthday
poop chairs 4 years old and I made some
of the pupcakes that I've got the recipe
in my book but I've sort of adapted them
to make them a lot smaller this year
because you've had a poorly tummy and
buzzed normally get supporting tummy
when he eats and it's basically their
one time of year a bit like the purge
where they just don't care
so try and sit her next to him tonight
no no no that's not your oh she's she's
okay buzzy there's yours null is
actually munching it look she's going to
town is that nice music on yeah it just
looks like we're hiding in his in his
closet there we go
hello everybody welcome to Saturday I
didn't actually feel much of yesterday
because I had a fairly busy day in the
office but I did start off the day by
going to friends fest I love how we just
like looking through Joseph like yeah so
yeah as I said we went along to friends
fest and I booked tickets to go anyway
but oh my gosh but they actually got in
touch for us to work together on insta
stories so ended up going down there and
they invited us before it opened and I
took the girls from the office so we all
had a really really lovely time
so following Clips you're about to see
are a couple of snippets from friends
fest but my battery died
which I was gutted about because there
was so much I wanted to film it was
amazing
Wow yeah his apartment was lovely gone
Sofia your best smelly car
it literally looks like run a club and
now we're in Joe's closet because it's
Saturday is Joe's birthday today he is
27 but it's also a very special day
because it is the first episode of
Strictly and if you haven't been keeping
up to date with Joe or you didn't catch
my reference there's a couple of vlogs
ago what the Bart Simpson t-shirt yeah
then my brother Joe who is also a
youtuber and an author and loads of
other things that he likes to do that
yeah that's one of them is now gonna add
dancer to his name there we go
because he is a contestant on Strictly
Come Dancing this year which is so
exciting so today is the first episode
so he's got all his friends coming over
some of the dancers some of the other
contestants and it's to celebrate his
birthday but it's also to watch his
first episode which is a pre record and
it's where we find out who his dance
partner is he's still legit won't tell
us he hasn't told her we went we know we
met a dancer earlier I think he's I can
get her also Zoe hasn't shown you the
amount of work that she just put in to
actually make the party look like it
I'll show you downstairs
we have been here I was helping Joe set
up I organized with flavortown bakery to
have a cake made for Joe which
look phenomenal
hey everyone it's starting to arrive I'm
having to fill mark in on the strictly
boss boss and like those live and I
thought Joey after rush or it's so nice
yeah this is quite crazy kind of much
now you're feeling yeah it doesn't feel
real until I see him on the TV yeah no
should be watching yeah I wonder if I'll
get much anything if someone's crying
around me off sigh crying but no I think
you will like happier Mo's yeah yeah
look after it AJ yeah we just waiting
sucks to ride months I love it it's red
plastic cups it's like a proper house
party in America I don't remember the
last time I went to a house party
old-time gyms are here oh yeah
Maureen bull and a lie he's Joe's
birthday there's a big-ass cake over
there that needs cutting
yeah we need to sing you a very happy
birthday and you've got to cut the cake
it's now Sunday and yesterday we had
such an amazing evening at Joe's so nice
to meet so many of the dancers and some
of the other celebrity contestants who
were so lovely I think Kate Silverton is
on my new favorite person like I just
want to be her best friend I love her it
was so cool and so lovely we've come to
a garden center this morning to have
breakfast with Alfie's fan I couldn't be
bothered to put makeup on I had like six
hours sleep and then we had a food
delivery so I got out quite early and
started clearing out the cupboards so
yeah that's my morning so far
so I got back from breakfast which is
kind of brunch to be fair and then I
fell asleep on the sofa we got back
really late last night and I woke up
really early because we had a food shop
which I said a minute go ahead a little
safer nap which i think is what Sunday's
are for and I was watching what is this
program called
keeping faith I started watching it and
I was getting really into it then I fell
asleep and now it's still playing and I
have no idea what's going on so I'm
gonna have to like go back five episodes
and try and like catch up again but
Alfie is in the kitchen he's cooking up
dinner I'm having dinner early today
kind of more of a Sunday lunch which I
like I decided to have pie with mashed
potato and veg and gravy it's the time
of year where everybody on Instagram
goes out for a Sunday lunch and every
time I see it in my Instagram stories
I'm like oh my god I need gravy and
vegetables and potato and we don't have
any like chicken or anything so I'm
gonna pop a pie in and have a good old
pie and mash I'm very excited about that
one of the things I really wanted to
show you on Thursday I met up for lunch
with I met up for lunch with Oh
saying on a dog toy so I met up for
lunch with Scarlett Curtis and her
editor Holly and she gave me this which
is her new book it's called feminists
don't wear pink and other lies and it
says amazing women on what the F word
means to that they're a couple of the
people as Tanya burr Jameela Jamil Gemma
Arterton dolly outer turn Emma Watson
Judy Whittaker there's so many people
involved look at that and I got to be
one of them which I was very very
honored to
been asked to write a piece for it the
bit I wrote for the book was 10 things
I've learned from running my own company
and yeah it's the first time I've seen
the book in like real life so it was
really nice to catch up with skull and
Holly and thank you for the book I think
I might sit and read a little bit whilst
I wait for my pie and if you want to
preorder it I will put a link in the
description box it comes out on October
4th which is the same day that called
you invited comes out so I'm really
happy to be sharing publication day with
such an amazing amazing book and I
really think a lot of you will love it I
so the cake yesterday was in saying I
don't know if I filmed a cake I must
have filmed a cake but I before I left
last night like 1 a.m. i put some cake
into Joe's glass Tupperware dish and I'm
I've been snacking on it all day I mean
just look at that cake honestly the best
cake I have ever tasted in my life so
thank you so much to flavortown bakery
for hooking me up with that to surprise
Joe because he loved it everyone loved
it
ok then Allah what do you mean hey I got
home watching telly
she proper watches telly does anyone
else's dog watch TV because apparently
only 50 percent of dogs actually see a
screen or see what's on a screen
now there is one of those dogs but
sometimes when I want to watch like the
secret world of puppies or if I want to
watch crafts or of that program I can't
because she just gets so crazy
oh my god she's my only little et you
know that lovely book I was telling you
about
yeah she's using it as a freaking table
mat now mmm this is a good one
it's really worth the money because you
can use it for many different things
table mat mug for your mug holder toilet
paper
I mean I'm a bit bossy maybe you'd like
ready yeah yeah get me a now if you do
business quite differently I think one
aside every day I'm so happy that you
taking it upon yourself to pick up how
would I have known you were in ER told
you about you know so well I wrote in
there so did Emma what's in your faith
chick oh my I'm reading it now
yeah you even read Emma's bit how much
longer do I have on my pie mmm 15
minutes oh we need to start on me pee
