let's turn these up this reminds me so
much of being in my old house when my
mum would put like lights up and down
the stairs and one would come down in
the morning that they would be on and it
would be the only thing with honors I
always felt very Christmassy
you know if you've come down like two
parents to get our doggie to one morning
let's see if she's too tired to get out
oh good morning
you're so excited have fun at the gym
now he's got leggings on today I know
I'm not ignoring you see you in a bit
have fun don't get too tall go and get a
toy which one is she gonna get yeah
oh this one the octopus
or is that a squid I don't know I think
it's an octopus it's so funny whenever
Nala sleeps in her pen she wakes up so
much more playful than if she sleeps on
our bed good girl let's turn on the
kitchen tree what I I'm so tempted to
just keep this up all year I just love
it is it obvious I am trying to dos up
on vitamin C so that I'm not ill for
Christmas mmm I just finished filming my
last video yay
24 videos have been filmed they've not
all been edited but they've all been
filmed so no more filming now until
January platform obviously these logs
these will be still be coming until
Christmas Day but yeah how mad is that
another 24 days of zoella
done not gonna lie
it was hard work and I don't know that
I'll do it again
so please don't get your hopes up in
fact don't let me do it again because it
was quite stressful and I didn't think I
was gonna get these last videos finished
because I've been feeling so ill but
thankfully I woke up this morning when
Alfie got for the gym and I didn't feel
as bad so I think whatever it was I just
saw wetted it out which is gross and
probably TMI but that's what happened
today I'm not too sure what our plans
are I do need to edit my vlog and I need
to edit my main channel video and any
other videos I can edit because I would
love to get those just kind of done so I
don't have to think about editing
anymore
and I think me and Alfie are going to
have a bit of a sort out and wrap
presents I basically took all the
presents that I've been hiding up in the
upstairs bit I've brought them all
downstairs into the living room and I've
laid out all the wrapping paper all the
cute ribbon and I think we're gonna go
to town on them but there are so many
more than I thought I think we may have
got a bit overboard on stocking fillers
and generally they're the ones that take
the longest to wrap so yeah that's what
we're doing I just want to talk a little
bit about this which I think has
transformed my skin I don't know if you
guys notice but it's been really like
clearing up I know I still get the
occasional blemish but it is my time of
the month so I would normally have way
more and I don't know I just don't
really like it's just a lot clearer I
have a few like red marks from like old
spots but it's definitely clearing up
and the only thing I've been using
that's different is this this is a
Sunday Riley Martian mattifying melting
water gel toner for oily to acne prone
skin so I've been using this like once
or twice a day instantly transforms from
a cooling gel to a water toner as it
clarifies removes oil and visibly
tightens pores for clear matte skin I
love it in fact I've just gone on to
cult beauty and I've ordered two of them
because I don't want to run out
new year so yeah I think this is what it
is I really like this size though this
is the sample size this is 50ml I bought
two 100 mil bottles but I might keep
this if I can put it into it I might not
be able to I might have to throw it
because it's a really good travel size
oh well my little reindeer hello are you
my little reindeer I've taken off my
dark lip because I feel like it was
quite intense just fer everyday put a
little bit of my Clarendon lip boy on my
trusty Karen in the foil Alfie's being
silly behind the camera tell them what
you're doing I'm getting changed it's
just taking off my gym leggings and
putting on some jeans look you're full
of static nice this t-shirt that yeah
but it's magic gym material we're gonna
go to M&S because I just really want to
go and I want to get why because I want
to get some lunch and also some of those
Christmas snacks as well would you go to
a supermarket for lunch no I want to get
Starbucks
really I felt like it was way later than
Axius although another another hour has
gone by since I last looked and I don't
really feel like I've done much in that
hour so let's get productive oh I feel
so Christmassy today look at that boy
well three dogs well he's obviously a
dog walker that's amazing Young
Entrepreneur literally a young boy just
taken over so cool unless that all his
dogs know I feel so Christmassy today do
you I do I think it's because everyone's
finished working or most people if any
yeah it's just like it sounds like a
weekend and it feels like Christmas is
like
here now I don't know do we need to get
anything else to wrap presents maybe
some more wrapping paper actually
economy but I could get wrapping paper a
lemon s that's the supplies we need to
get it from and then a cheeky little
Starbuck did it I have been looking for
these everywhere they look amazing I
can't wait to try them don't they look
good not for my gym buddy
okay for my gym buddy it's so busy in
here and the lady just told us that this
is the quietest day so we've got on the
right day I was like okay yay I love
these these are so good but they've got
maple bacon once we try those as well
I didn't know they had those maple bacon
maple-bacon tootsie rolls we're at the
gift wrap and there's a lot of gift wrap
oh I did buy some of that I wrapped
Tanya and Naomi's in those four so yeah
it's cool isn't it
although there's not much in there it
wasn't a very big roll yeah
Alfie's trying to find one to wrap my
present I've got this one for out these
I like that one
see you want to go for one that's like
meters like this is seven meters okay
do you know what we do need we need like
a gift box for your dad's present what
that present is gonna say go go go oh no
he's getting in everyone's way
the hair in my eye
okay okay okay
we've now come to next to get some lunch
because we didn't get anything in M&S it
was too crazy to even look Christmas Oh
got myself a chicken look Oh what was it
supposed to be it was called white
Christmas but they didn't have the
Christmas syrup I don't know what a
Christmas syrup is but they didn't have
it so they were like you can have any
other syrup in the white chocolate hot
chocolate if you want and I was like
gingerbread would we go like really open
and I was like I don't know and I went
oh I know cut them in so I've got a shot
of peppermint in my white hot chocolate
like the drink I did the festive drinks
video yeah it's so delicious and they
were like oh yeah that's a good idea
I was like yeah and he gave it to me
he's like I don't know why it's gonna
taste like but here you go I was like
yeah it'll be on the menu they did good
yeah it's really good really really good
we've also got lunch we're gonna take
that back with us I went for my favorite
the cheese and Marmite toasty no no let
us know come we were in next we did a
couple of pictures with some viewers and
the woman who worked in that just came
over to us and said oh because I don't
make sense to me and he goes excuse me
for asking but are you well known and a
few n-no a tramp oh so do you just look
like someone famous and you went yeah
and she went oh well I guess that's
flattering isn't it even more awkward
though to be like yeah we regularly have
focusing as we look like someone famous
it's easier than trying to explain what
we do that's what it is because if you
say but what do you say if somebody
comes up to you and says are you famous
you're not gonna say yeah no what does
that mean of what you do and then 20
minutes of discussion later explain why
did we did you just feel the vibe he
thought this woman doesn't she's not
going to understand she was gonna
understand when I said I'm at YouTube
videos then I would have said yeah
making videos but you never know she
might remember when I started hanging
out without feet
people would come up and say oh my god
what is it that you do like how come you
haven't photos of people because people
do get curious and then do you ask
although I would never ask someone that
I always think that's so like bold to be
like oh it makes me so awkward like she
makes my toes curl when people say who
are you or when they discuss it really
loudly next to you photos of them is so
awkward I would never do that to anybody
so when that happens when that used to
happen at night first I'm hanging out
with Alfie he used to say he was a
member of One Direction do you remember
oh it is it was like a similar situation
where you thought there's no point we
trying to explain so you just be like oh
you know one direction yeah yeah he'd be
like oh I'm part of that and it goes oh
okay yeah cool sad play see you later
like stop the conversation over remotes
to YouTube and I used to be like why you
tell me for your part of One Direction
Happy's like it's just easier like
they're never gonna like actually quiz
you about it so I feel that it's got
funny Alfie deyes hmm
you know what I was trying to do I was
trying to find my camera cuz I had this
weird feeling that you're gonna be
asleep
sounds like he's disappeared and he's
gone quiet he must be asleep so I was
trying to look for my camera and I was
like no I left it in a bedroom and then
I came up and I ate a the way into
editing my video but I can't stop
thinking about just being Christmas and
like people don't need to work with it's
Christmas we need to wrap presents soon
in one hour we need to wrap presents
okay okay
you've got one hour - no no you need to
edit minutes
are you I can try it just doesn't work I
can't wake you up okay you're giving me
permission to come and jump on you is in
the vlog now fine okay twenty minutes
and I'm gonna come and jump on you to
get you out yeah food what kind of food
I'll bring you a carrot go check on me
at HotBot 23 minutes I'm asleep now if
I'm not then jump on you okay alright 20
minutes we just talked about how
mentally curly my hair is today i curled
it for a video and it's like the first
day I curl it like this it's always like
really curly and then tomorrow it will
be less curly I'm also this fluffy
jumper is from M&S it says fabulous
quite like it it's very soft
do you know how I know because that
screen wasn't black so you just moved it
no I have no time or anyway I forgot to
come wake you up your vlog would have
been late but that's not my fault
that's your fault you should rely on me
I've almost gotten finishing my second
video second video almost edited then I
just need to edit more do you know I
only need to edit eight more videos in
December only eight more only eight
seven six five days
in the next five days oh my god I really
need a way okay um
Missy hello are you just chilling look
at her I can see your teeth hello hello
it's bat Nala she doesn't completely she
does we're currently off to the pier
because Louise is down ran to play she's
come to Brighton so she was like come
and meet us
so we're going in to meet Louise and
Darcy and her boyfriend Liam slight
change of plan as we were driving in the
traffic was pretty bad anyway but Louise
called and said I'm just good on the
pier and it's shirt we were like oh no
so we turned around and came back and
they're gonna pop in here for a little
bit on their way home but I filmed house
tour yesterday to go up on my main
channel at some point maybe it goes up
tomorrow as you're watching this but I
just felt like our house is so best and
right now so I just want to show you
quickly even though I have done a little
tour but just I think it's the candle
glow and like the fairy lights up the
stairs and like oh I don't know I just I
just feel so Christmassy today I just
love it
do you know what I mean like our house
just feels so cozy and festive he's
quite creaming your mouth no I did
notice that you'd put that in there
though believe in this villain day it's
so delicious
isn't that insane it's so good
most amount of hot chocolate
oh my god you guys my vlogs only been
live for like 40 minutes and I just
checked my Twitter and all my mentions
are telling me that the film I was
talking about in yesterday's vlog I said
someone help me find the film which me
and Joe have been trying to work out for
ages
it's called escape to Witch Mountain
and I'm now sat here watching the
trailer on YouTube and this is the exact
film was talking about did anybody else
watch there it was so good just one of
many reasons why the internet is so
amazing look he's here
wait until you see me again in 24 days
I'm so elegantly done Allah
because I'm happy don't destroy her
every time
Darcy comes they get a closer bond I
feel they do she's less and less scared
we've got the guinea pig out
Oh Darcy's cuddling guinea pig does she
love you don't you
Liam should we kept guinea pig it's all
going on there's dogs as guinea pigs
Darcy's calling them hedgehogs
everyone's gone now but it was really
nice of them to pop in and we got to
chill for a little bit and it was nice
to catch up again
I've just been set on the sofa editing
and I'm like so tired all of a sudden
like it just hit me like a ton of bricks
and it's very good timing that food just
arrived we got bills whoo I love bills
so much and it makes me so happy that
they do take away so thank you so much
bills oh my god so I got a halloumi
burger which it's probably one of my
favorite things ever some fries or sweet
potato fries there Alfie's and then also
some halloumi sticks because these are
heavenly although I would I'm never
going to eat a whole box of them and
Alfie also ordered his own box so
clearly someone's feeling very hungry
this evening aren't you Alfie leg day
woohoo
gorgeous shoe up Tibet oh that hold my
hand let's be like one of those pictures
you know when the girls like really in
bikinis on beach when they face the
other way okay cute that is
couples goal was
