hello everybody welcome to brokenness
day 19
not gonna lie it's quite late in the day
isn't it it's also nearly Christmas it's
also nearly crisps like legit is
actually nearly as less than a week now
until Christmas six days and guess what
ladies and gentlemen outfi has finished
is Christmas
I'm so happy I didn't think it was ever
gonna happen
you always know it gets done well it has
to get done there's no other option
everything has to be done I haven't
blogged at all today because I really
haven't been feeling well
how unlike Aegean Sea by your sit in
your pajamas how unlike me is it to not
get out of bed until like midday yeah I
took knowledge that normally I put
knowledge to bed and Zoey but guess gets
up and does not in the morning but today
I did not know in the morning because
there is in a bedroom day not feeling
very great I honestly think I've sweated
a whole bar Oh possible to sweat that
much I woke up this morning it's a good
job you didn't have your arm around me
because you would have liked Alfie hates
and I swear not not because he's like me
no I hate when you sweat I you don't
realise when you're asleep how hot you
get okay but when I be elsewhere - on a
normal day yeah but I'm oh my god I woke
up and my pajamas were like like I could
have wrung them that's bad although it's
actually good because he's getting
everything on his system yeah it's good
to do that when you know you know I
spoke to my mum and she was like I mean
it's good that you're sweating a lot
though because that means whatever is
your body's getting rid of it before
it's really like take and hold cuz I'm
not like snotty or anything I just feel
so like weak and hot then cold without
the snot you're no you're in then you're
out you're up then you're down so our
plan for this evening is how he's gonna
do my makeup for me but you actually
have to do it nicely because we're going
to MLS no I'm gonna do it properly now
I'm gonna make I'm gonna do your makeup
properly like you do also after you end
town and brought me back a sausage roll
if that's not love what is I mean was he
in your one I said get me a surprise in
town comes back the sausage roll all the
things Oh
so I was thinking about this earlier
this is a complete change of subject but
me and Joe were talking recently and
there was a film that we used to watch
we were younger and neither of us can
remember what it's called and that's
quite rare because me and Joe have the
best memory with all the weird memory
like or TV programs we do but this one
thing we can't remember and I was like I
must remember to mention this in my vlog
and see if anybody knows what the film
is or what it's called or just anything
about it because I don't even know what
to Google to find out so I'm gonna
describe what I can remember I can
remember a girl and a boy with no
parents staying in this amazing house
and they had a harmonica and whenever
they played the harmonica I don't know
if it was magic or like things happened
or they were magic or they had like
special powers but there was powers
involved there was a harmonica that they
played and they stayed with a man in
like a really cool house with like
really cool bedrooms and baths about all
I can remember honestly I don't remember
any more than that but if any of you're
watching this and you think oh my god I
know the program you're talking about I
used to watch that it's called I would
love to know in fact that can be your
Christmas homework it was a really old
film we must have watched it when we
were like seven or eight so it was
around like that sort of time it was
like they played a tune on the harmonica
and something happened I don't know it
really frustrates me I don't remember
anything
and I think Joe said the mom was called
whoever he's put they went around
someone's house and he had a sick toy
room with a cat his name was mr.
Deranian like the plant I can't spell it
though well mr. geranium or something
search
and you'll find the film my memory is
sick but I actually searched it and I
didn't find the film so unless any of
you know what I'm talking about let me
know my videos have gone up for this
evening and I still have a couple that I
need to film but I might want selfies
done my makeup if it's good enough I
watch this film tonight that's basically
it for today so far but don't worry we
still have the evening and also I know
that you guys wouldn't mind if this was
the entire vlog because I'm really not
feeling great but I thought now I've got
a bit more pep in my step I would film
what's left of the day anyway oh my god
it makes me so happy seeing all of you
tweeting me because you're all receiving
your soaked life March make sure if you
haven't already I'll leave a link in the
description box to the website you can
go on over and check it out and have a
little look at all the bits and pieces
this is one of my personal faves yeah
also let us know what you would like to
see in the shop in the future because we
have a lot of ideas of things we want to
bring out and do together
but I mean it's for you guys so I'd love
to know if there's anything in
particular you'd really like to see and
we can try and make it work I'm not
quite sure how this is I'm not quite
sure how this has happened but I'm
letting Alfie do my makeup you can trust
me last year for a video I've ever done
it properly yeah last year for a video
you tweeted to do it properly
but wait Nala needs the toilet but the
thing that I did last time Jimbo you
tried to get me to do one of their okay
blending eyeshadow blending I know I put
dark in the middle why you did it the
wrong way around anyway because um Alfie
is going live on YouTube also this is
like I have no idea what this is I think
it's like I was like rubbing my nose and
then like my skin came off as you do I
mean that's probably not normal if
you're feeling ill wash and blow-dry
your hair because it just makes you
so much more swish you ready to do my
makeup I'm so ready
say hello love you I know you so much
there's my makeup bag yeah I got good
luck I'll check back in when he's
finished he will be filming this on his
channel so you can go and watch him
actually applying it on our fees why say
that you already built out like I'm
gonna be bad I'm just so excited I'm
gonna join you think of it okay weren't
you doing simple yeah nothing crazy okay
seen a bit makeup is done now I do have
to say I did my eyelashes and eyebrows
but Alfie did my foundation and my
concealer and the bronzer I think you
did a really good job you don't have a
little panic thinking you put too much
on but overall look a lot more awake
well he did before maybe your foundation
effect where your eyebrows look really
good
I definitely didn't do that no but
that's better at least I feel more like
and today more human now I'm gonna go
just put some oil on I just want to turn
my camera on and I press the different
button and as we found that hilarious is
your noise that you may can we not go
yet
why just from the cuddle al-faqih it's
cuddling me cuz I'm so hot though is so
warm I'm like a hot water bottle today
I'm trying to contemplate whether I go
to Waitrose in my full-on deer tracks I
think so I'm sure I think so stove on an
elf one no because then more attention
do you know what I mean I know exactly
what you mean
one episode of Sherlock and then Alf
that's a good deal you never know
tonight I really need to have an early
night I do I look like I'm just a head
you do not even see my body over there
retired about the same size right now
why did you do that
Oh God you literally stuck your tongue
right in my ear don't do it again gave
me away
really but just around I think just
strip the done actually felt horrible
I'm just scared you're gonna do it again
I'll just punch me than there you
deserve that right can we go to wait
trees before I flank isn't helpful
you're supposed to look after me when
I'm not very good I cannot do it I'm
looking after you so much you're only
doing this because I'm hot in as
intelligence that's a bit bigger than
nothing temperatured Alfie yeah Alfie
won't let me go oh well let's see if you
can get up I can't get onto you cuz
you're holding me yes you have to try
and get up I can't I don't have any
answers other way round
no y'all going to meet our c button up
oh well obviously you can't you're
stronger than me don't do it again
listen I know you learn stop it
we're on our way to Waitrose
I've managed to leave the house today
very happy about it
just genuinely really good oh I just
love looking at Christmas lights or
people's houses this is what we Louise
did yesterday she took me to see some
when they're really Christmassy houses I
liked it I just said to Alfea we should
drive around on the way you should have
fun to add stir do you recognize me
I don't know today let's Ben yeah
where is everyone on a Monday night
it's only 8 p.m. it's not late yeah
there's like no one around yeah I kind
of love it it's very quiet o Christmas
tree thing out oh really do you know I
mean stand no the thing with alder let's
go the closest spot we can we can
possibly get even if it took me 10
minutes part let's go
oh geez about oh we only need oh yeah Oh
to the door have you just taken my key
off my keys one of my biggest pet peeves
with alfie deyes is he has a set of keys
and if he needs a key he takes it off so
he's forever losing his keys because he
I've got a secret you need to stop doing
that like I'm being serious because you
jump actually just lose keys yeah I am
Telling You all in my vlog and you've
just done it - my keys good news what
what's your possible good news I thought
it was a seagull but it was a kid
it wasn't that I've actually got some
good news what so sushi yeah oh for
goodness sake meet Ronnie you want to
get a trolley oh I found something that
I think looks good I can't get it
baking camembert with cranberry and
pumpkin seed accompaniment tonight I may
have just found a slightly larger one
Whizzer
it's a camembert look at the size of it
we have to get that one come on big
peeking honey wait for tonight or for
Christmas she say we cannot consume that
much I will literally have to work out
well maybe I'll have that for your
family it's my favorite the shortbread
and gingerbread cupcakes what ah oh my
god they look cute I want to try some of
them
what are they whispers are my favorite
chocolate bar and they've made them with
biscuit
should we try these yeah these look
incredible it's incredible
maybe we should try both it is two for
two pounds after all really unhealthy
right now is because I hope he's doing a
DIY with a lot of chocolate we aren't
planning on eating that yeah we're gonna
eat you I'm gonna eat it
no I spy an Alfie deyes Anala look
healthy
oh wait I'm right behind that I think
it's the picture with Doug look it's the
picture with Doug the Pug yeah yeah good
Nala how funny that she doesn't even
realize that she's on magazines look
well next year you Taylor
Ariana me and Taylor hang it out hanging
out on the front look exclusive 2017 the
year of YouTube just notice on the back
it says major Alfie Goths inside what is
inside is this a major outfit girl
what's this me more
that's so funny I want to know the major
cost to buy our major Goss yeah that
tree it's so sparkly I love that
this one's going for it as well ready
disco not one discotheque oh what's that
Fox oh my god did anyone else just see
that oh it's Christmas look at the polar
bear
understand me merry Christmas everyone
alfie is now cooking dinner which I'm
very excited about I'm just chilling on
the sofa and hello hi what do you want
and I think we're gonna watch another
episode of Sherlock when we eat our
dinner
however whilst I wait I do want to find
out what that gossip was the major
outfit gossip there's a huge Joe and
Caspar poster or a Dan and Phil poster
which would you rather have Dan and Phil
Joe or Casper and Phil Joe will prosper
that's a very difficult decision I'm
glad I don't have to make it Oh how's
that ended up in a magazine Alfie I'm
gonna say that's your fault because we
mentioned it in your video that bloomin
photo how is that in a magazine that's
so annoying
cute I still haven't found out marks
page look at that 13 things I wish I
knew when I was 13 I was oh well a
highlight reel to kick another year off
year of zhulov we decided to look over
all her best bits of 2016 the Edinburgh
road trip that was a highlight
Zooey 'mark BFF goals totes Mykonos
another highlight anxiety truth so a new
blog post about anxiety yeah that went
down really well I'm really glad I did
that so well her apartment those were
great men's they really were 10 times
Alfie Slade seriously this guy though we
love Alfie 10 times the Alfie Slade his
knowledge
all the fields when he taught us how to
make Oreo and chocolate waffles drools
I'm just reading all the times that you
Slade he totally lost it when Zoey
played a spider prank on him and it was
too cute when he had a full-on fangirl
freaked out about seeing Biebs think
sir whenever he's super supportive of
his Bey Zoey so lucky look that's me
again oh look my very own Alfie poster
yay Oh
let's read my star sign Aries oh look
there's me just in case I wasn't sure
which star sign it was a school is going
to be pretty cray this year but the good
news is it's nothing you can't handle
like a boss just remember to hold your
head up high and treat yourself when you
worked hard you deserve it insta comms
set aside some me time each week and
enjoy a mini pamper sesh that's that's
basically my New Year's resolution is to
set aside more me time oh I do love
these magazines they're so cute they're
full of such like I don't know they're
very like YouTube supportive which I
really like I don't know whether you
would like it I actually don't think
it's that bad do you want to say yeah
that's the only ones like there you go I
just opened it right on the page I
actually think you look lovely in this
picture do you think that's quite a nice
picture of you I think that's quite nice
that's okay yeah it's nice one that was
dinner is served
look at this it's like proper comfort
food this was exactly what I needed this
will make me feel better that's good and
also Alfie is forcing me to drink lots
of water you have to drink lots water
you have to keep hydrated
mm-hmm so gonna eat this now and watch
Sherlock look at the size of my lasagna
oh and I just that portion of sushi for
one you are netting this it's time for
bed I'm super tired and I hope you've
all had a lovely weekend
wait it's Monday I hope you have a nice
weekend anyway I give the video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it I'll see you again
tomorrow guys
