good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day what day is it
1890 no not maybe AG 18
I'm off oh I can't see you there Alfie
where are you
he did come I am off to Northampton
today to go and see Louise which I'm
very excited about it's a long journey
and actually I don't feel great still
not gonna lie I've just got like the
sweats and I'm not sure working out and
I haven't been working out so you know
that's not good sort of sweats and it's
freezing outside and I'm still sweating
and I just didn't really have a very
good night's sleep but I think it will
be really nice Louise will look after me
we'll have a cozy day and I think as
long as I'm clever with when I leave to
come home there should be no issues what
are you doing today
Louise's what Northampton have a drive
through Starbucks don't they oh they do
house yeah that's what I miss about
going to Louise's is the drive do stuff
I'm sure she'll really love that
sentiment what are you doing today off
I'm not going Christmas shopping in
London Alfie is doing his Christmas
shopping
not on Christmas Eve you do leave it
quite late sometimes we've already got
most like main presence it's just like
little stocking bits isn't it what's
that for you oh you mostly going to buy
for me no everyone well I hope you have
a successful day worrying about is just
carrying the bags on London when you're
shopping in Brighton you can obviously
drop this stuff back in your car
whenever you are yeah even pop home if
you want it when I'm in London I have to
carry everything all day then you can
put some in the backpack I would have to
strategically think what items I want to
buy and get the heaviest ones at the end
of the day on purpose because imagine if
I will get to shop and I'm like that
ironing board nah an ironing board Oh
you know Jacob but I didn't like
something that I imagine if I'm looking
obviously if I'm KitchenAid oh you
wouldn't be on all day yeah you won't be
able to so I don't really
then the how it's gonna work yeah I have
to call up a few friends who live in
London be like can I pop over to yours
don't hang out no can I just drop my
shopping bags off ah yeah how many days
until Christmas now mister 18 that's six
days
no is it seven days a week huh it's a
week today it's a week today yeah seven
days left you can see dad seems like I'm
not being funny but how quickly is this
month God stupidly quickly but it always
makes me sad because I look forward to
this time of year so much and then when
it's actually here it just wizards oh it
has gone quickly past think how long ago
we were in Edinburgh that's who's that
ages ago oh yeah actually that must feel
like ages ago and that was the start of
the manor okay
all right seven days until Christmas
that does terrify me because in that
time we're driving back to have
Christmas with my family driving back
again and in that time we have to
somehow wrap everyone's presents one by
them well I'd buy them for you I
thankfully I've got most people's
present yeah yes I have but I'm just
gonna say this now this year I found it
really hard any present I had something
I wanted to get you and it's not what
you think it is and I couldn't get it
for you so I mean just pissing all over
it before it happens but when we get
when I get back tonight and you'll get
back tonight hopefully or maybe tomorrow
tomorrow we're gonna have a day of food
shopping getting out sorted why it's the
proper last work day tomorrow
we'd work okay maybe I'll choose day
then should we do that until you say
that first kill day yeah it's tomorrow
sighs well you know okay
do you have to I do have two more videos
I need to film the last one birthday boy
anyway I really need to get on the road
because Louise is waiting and this is
gonna take me a while to get there so
I'll see you later Alfie I love you
goodbye from the door and I was like all
in the bowl of water a lucozade sport
and a little tub of chocolate rice
krispies alright that makes me want to
cry oh hi I don't know because it feels
so real and emotional Christmas is gonna
be so easy I'm gonna get your best
option you're gonna cry yes
okay oh right I don't need to take this
then I was gonna take this don't need it
you're gonna come say bye
oh I can't carry this and then send that
I can't look this is the bottle of water
Alfie put in and then this when these
are the shortbreads I bought look he's
bought me some M&S chocolate cornflake
cake why is he so cute okay right it's
time to set up and get going Duncan
Trussell
oh this is like the worst ever and I
really need a way I'm really trying not
to think about the fact that I really
need a way because there's no services
there's nowhere to pull over I don't
know when this time it's going to end
because I can see for about two miles
and they're still traffic and it's not
getting any quicker
and the thing is is I'm Rita nasty but I
don't want to drink because I don't know
where this traffic ends and if I drink
I'm gonna need a weave or
a real anyway
okay
did you want to take it down just take
it down I'll pretend
I'll pretend you have so far new
attitudes yeah she remember this one um
you know what they say poppadom no
Prokhorov good your house is so cozy and
I feel so Christmas is so hot oh yeah
yeah physically hot I need a freezing
cold or boiling hot I want to work in
the patio you can if you won you got you
got my hat on I just leave it on nobody
buy the presents oh it's so festive in
here very gently this gently oh you just
put your foot in my vagina
do you think he can smell the dog yeah
what does that mean I'm gonna bite can
you imagine
yeah salvage you're so pretty oh oh well
thanks for setting up the outside house
from each ma I still haven't taken off
my hat we went in God Domino's well we
didn't go anywhere to get it we ordered
it online but in true tradition to me
this is the first year we've done our
Christmas gathering with no men and no
children but yeah this is the first year
long time I've had a good man and a
great child
yeah so I took times exciting times
we're doing a live show yeah yeah yeah
when we did what is it remember in my
front room and yeah oh my god and Alfie
was there we were pretending that we
weren't together and we did a live show
no no I mean you made that video with me
back when I have like the purple
curtains and you had your hair like a
pump let me have the worst hair we could
watch it oh my god yes you have the
video of the worst hair and I had the
video of the worst makeup I've still got
me
and there was that glowing thing in the
sky when you had flower in your hair no
oh my god oh my god we have to this see
I don't make any of my primary you probe
did all of you do you remember when we
meet that was our favorite and you
bloody hater because you're like I hate
that video because you're like fat
really awkwardly on the side of the bed
like four months prior and I'm like look
in the back I know what you mean now oh
my god oh I thought you're talking about
when we just filmed the what what is it
challenge no oh my god this will be like
that but do you remember we filmed a
little like vintage haul we're on a
charity shop if you think what that and
we make a video maybe when we do the
will do the reaction to it video for
like one month Saul I'm quite a bit more
yeah chummy do you're most excited for
Christmas with dominoes and Grinch dance
now do your Grinch impression you like
genuinely concerned this is delightful
I'm so happy right now
I've got pins and needles really bad
we're just filming a video and look at
our setup this is like process this is
the most professor this is literally
like how we used to film yeah say I love
it
I'm going louise has just given me my
presence I've just filmed that whole
video with lipstick like this I didn't
even notice we don't have on the end oh
no something you think you can see I did
do an ad on just like that time you had
flower in your hair do you know what I
just realized
no trying gasp is the most flattering
angle let me join you know like give me
a click
I think then thank you for wearing a hat
yeah I haven't taken one hell that was
your realization yeah because I turned
off my camera and I was like oh so got
my own tell me two things you're excited
for for the new year
I am excited this sounds pretty lame but
for my new weekly schedule so I'm just
gonna try and be a bit more like fixed
about my days do ya
and I'm also excited about a trip to
Disney World
Oh loving in February oh I'm looking
time to go as well because little mirror
is in it of an on month isn't it no
offense if your birthday's in February
or you know you we're doing on other
whatever momentous occasion that's two
things we're doing lots of little travel
things to excited about some other bits
and bobs to the can't go back it will be
I'm excited for life Wow I'm excited for
life
you're about as in season this is I
wasn't your main channel video where I
think I know that okay so I'm excited
like you I've done myself a new schedule
because I feel like in January that's
when you get a bit more organized and
I'm as I said did I say in this or in
your live show I said in your live show
so for my new year I'm doing a year of
self-love so sounds like which sounds
like something else but it is and it's
just looking after myself a bit more so
I want to do lots more things for me and
things are very like fulfilling don't
require me I think were key projects
that take up a bit more time I'm also
excited for two quite big things that
are happening but I can't say any more
than that
we're so mysterious Oh put your body
close to mine all right should we go and
get mint the chocolate cream property is
a shot of peppermint what can you have
those or if they got like no you're not
there is there is zero through one but
I'm just not feeling very well so I
shouldn't probably have anything creamy
anyway in the car we just having a
little drive around going to look at
some really cool Christmas lights that
give is a theme because we were saying
how one of our favorite things to do in
flurry one of our favorite things to do
is to know the inside people's houses at
Christmas I see as they look from heaven
yes don't not go inside or peer in
through the window just when you drive
past you can see everyone's Christmas
trees and their windows it's like so
festive and Louise is like oh my god I
know some really great houses let's go
there and me it does for the luxury
street you're gonna have to give Darcy a
big cuddle but yeah that's where we're
heading now look oh my god trees cool I
love those ones that like drop I love
that they do all the hedges along the
side they've all gone for cool lights do
you think they had a little meeting a
prior to like attack you colored lights
and tinsel on that phone some giant
uh-huh this one's got a black bear
oh those net lights actually look very
impressive they do that are very
accurate yeah is it ah that must have
taken ages that they've lined the par
yeah they must do I was saying this the
other day how do these people know how
to put lights on the house
oh yeah clip art telling part that's it
and I called myself a commentary park
babysitter my skills and one of my
skills was have own transport but it was
my bike Oh bless you that's so funny
I also bought it semi fluent in French
because I was too doing for my French
GCSE because you could say boys you yeah
this one's got a laser and laser
projection I love it
where do you even get those from don't
know like you have to go on eBay and
type in like house projector Christmas
house projector
while this one this one got lasers laser
Wow
while we that's so cool imagine if like
one of us lives here perhaps yeah cool
Oh they've decorated every tree in their
garden in lights oh this just looks so
Christmasy like the ones that accurate
look at that bad boy
so would you do your whole house in
colored lights I like to think next year
I'm gonna be with more class things and
my like okay I love that's nice it's
time to go home
time to go home that's awesome I have no
idea I was like winging it back here
tiny head it's so small okay so I'm
about to hit the road you're not feeling
too peachy so hopefully this is a good
journey I think I don't know whether
it's the lack of bronzer the dark lip or
I just look very paid off I look how I
feel basically yes today's really
appreciated me in this bit sticky out
here oh my like similar thanks see you
when I get home
look who I've just gone and picked up
did you have a nice day we're busy yeah
oh I'm back in my bed now and I've got
Sherlock on because I am now officially
obsessed with this I don't know how I
never watch this before it's so good and
I think that there's a new one on New
Year's Day which I am so excited about
but I'm watching episode two because I
actually fell asleep when this was on
yesterday so I'm watching this one now
I have the nicest day it was so nice
getting to go and see Luiz and now I
think I just need to like sleep off
whatever this illness is I'm literally
shivering in bed but I feel hot it's
just the weirdest thing I really hope
this doesn't turn into anything please
keep your fingers crossed I really don't
want to be ill at Christmas
I wasn't ill at Christmas last year but
I was the year before it seems to be a
reoccurring theme so I'm hoping forget a
bit of sleep I'm gonna wake up tomorrow
and feel much better
I really hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
today give a thumbs up if you did and
I'll see you again tomorrow
