the big field yeah hello welcome back to
Thursday in the office having a day of
productivity lots of things to go
through just tested a new product that's
coming out next Christmas which is very
exciting something we've never done
before so I received this oh my god it's
soaked this - in here right I received
this package call me back - he's running
out okay anyone else I received this
package
I did see Briony post on Instagram
yesterday like wrapping up a really
exciting package to send a night a
little scout and I was like I can see a
see in a no must be cordially invited
so yeah it's arrived yeah this is a real
one
package I should open the card let me
change my battery this is gonna just die
when I I'm gonna read the card first
do you own your I know because I was
told
dear Estonia is here and it's well done
and thank you for your hard work you've
been the dreamiest reporters and our
underground kick-ass girl box keep being
a brilliant positive light in the world
and here's to you and call you fight it
lots of that's right yeah the point
looks so good this is the first time
we've been able to see the four yang
color inside color with so beefy so
thick yeah Fifi this is the first time
we've seen it and in its final form as
amazing when does it come out October
pre-order link in the description like
this one
little sneaky snake didn't have a proper
look yeah oh yeah you are in the
Halloween section yeah we're in your
when I look absolutely terrifying yeah
doesn't it feel so long ago that we shot
all these pictures yeah and now it's
ready to go I know hello vlog editing
Zoe cutting in here just because I
thought that this would be the perfect
time to quickly mention two things
cordially invited related the first of
which are the events that happening for
the book launch so I decided I wanted to
do something a little bit different this
year the flight so I'm doing an evening
with Zoe sugg which is essentially me in
front of you guys if you want to get a
ticket to come along live chatting about
the book answering any questions that
you might have wanted to do something a
bit different something that's a little
bit more like you can take something
away from it and make it a little bit
more interesting and I'm really really
excited to do something that is slightly
different something that I myself would
want to attend if I was buying someone's
book and I was interested in knowing
more about them or the book or any other
things that you might have questions
about so the first one is 3rd of October
and that is in London and that is with
my amazing friend Jim Chapman so he will
be like hosting it and I will be with
him on stage I'm really really excited
the second one is October the 6th and
that is in Manchester and that is with
my other amazing friend Emma Gannon and
the last one which is in Edinburgh is
the 8th of October and again that one is
with Emma as well so be sure to click
the link in the description box I'll
make it really obvious which one is a
link if you'd like to get yourself a
ticket for this the ticket price
includes entry and the signed book which
will be me
be placed on your seat for you as you
arrive make sure to read all the terms
and conditions before buying a ticket
but I am so so excited for it I is
definitely out of my comfort zone but I
do think it's important to do those
things that push you a little bit more
over comfort zone I'm really nervous
about them but I really hope that there
are some of you out there who are a bit
more interested in like hearing me
instead of just whizzing past me in like
20 seconds which which is the whole
reason I wanted to do this because it's
just a little bit more I think a little
bit more interesting for both myself and
somebody attending so yeah and the last
thing I wanted to quickly mention is if
you pre-order called Lea invited on the
waterstones website which again I will
leave a link to in the description box
you automatically get entered into a
competition to win two tickets to come
down to Brighton and do a workshop with
me and a special guest basically I'm
doing an entire day of four workshops so
there'll be twenty people in each
workshop so if you win you can bring
along a friend or relative or somebody
else that you'd like to bring and the
workshops are all themed around the
seasons in the book so we'll have a
summer workshop a spring workshop an
autumn workshop and a winter workshop so
we could be decorating pumpkins making
autumn wreaths or decorating gingerbread
houses we've not completely nailed each
workshop but we've been going through
all the options and there are some
really really lovely things and within
each workshop I'm gonna ask someone else
who features in the book with me whether
that's a friend or a family member to
come along and do that too it's just
like a really nice intimate setting
where I get to meet and chat to you you
get to meet and chat to me and we can
create something really cool at the same
time and it also just fits so perfectly
with the book so I know I haven't talked
about that properly it is on the website
so if you want to get more details about
that then like I said go and check out
all the terms and conditions and
everything else but I'm so so excited
for it it's just again it's just
something a little bit different that I
really really wanted to do and also just
reflect the book perfectly so yeah if
you haven't yet pre-ordered the book
there
Amazon link for those of you that might
be international or prefer to use Amazon
but if you do want to be entered into
the competition to win a chance to come
to Brighton and do one of the workshops
then you can use the Waterstones link
and now I will let you get back to the
vlog they currently listening to Eskom
juniors because if it's to remember all
the words and I've not listened to this
in 15 years you've still got the album
oh my god that's one step too far and
you are look at every detail look at I
need to tell you we are about to film
some little videos for the so short so
super drug social and boots social
channels so we've got some lovely little
setups my hair just needs another day to
drop a little I think glad I'm filming
some videos
it was nothing gonna need to put
slightly darker lip on but yeah we've
got some nice holographic is this for
the lifestyle love it
oh look at that that's perfect did you
mix two colors you're so creative curry
and then we've got holographic for the
cosmos range which has been delightfully
laid out here pause so you can get a
good shot of what your favorite item is
I'm not gonna lie I'm doing you one of
these in my shower so I'm really okay
but please don't let me be like don't if
I start getting a bit cheesy where you
take up so I am a shower Lily oh no no
what's amazing
oh I mean I'll take this one home guys
don't worry I'm glad you found something
you love in the collection okay all
right listen that's a bit aggressive
need you to see me shower yeah I just
need to okay
we just need to use it just for this oh
this wasn't a good idea
Oh God
funnily enough she is the sort of dog
that always prefers to play with things
that aren't toys do you remember how
much he loved his paper so I would roll
tissue paper into a tight ball throw it
and she would do this until all the
tissue was like everywhere so the
products I'm the most excited for are
these which is the Balfour's which we
talked about a second ago but also the
wish upon a spar which is the big box
full of product and this year we have
done something we've never done before
and we have added this inside which is a
lucky star with a code on the back and
people can win so many different prizes
everyone's a winner which i think makes
it even more special because you're not
just getting what's inside the box
you're also gonna get something else on
top of that we have a question from
maybe three so then I just answer
awesome yeah okay question one what is
the one thing that instantly makes you
feel faster the one thing actually I
don't need to repeat the question the
one thing into me makes you feel festive
okay hang on let me actually think the
answer okay Oh Michael bubl√©'s Christmas
album it's very exciting it's really
creative it's becoming else is true
we want to do something for Christmas
this year do it okay I can't look
actually they're reviewing what was the
inspiration behind the news of eg
Christmas collection we wanted to do
something a bit different between you
the person who's not on the chair okay
we wanted to do something a little bit
different for Christmas this year so if
I can I talk so cosmos was originally
gonna be a candy cane camp games of lost
state my cosmos started out as a candy
cane at range but we couldn't make it
work so we went down the holographic
space route and I absolutely loved it
what's your ideal winter night in fire
candles mince pies hot chocolate and a
Christmas film the planner for sure and
the little lunchboxes
I love them so one of the things I've
kind of been aiming towards is having a
bit more separation between me and the
pastor
and so whether as a brand and one of the
things that I really wanted to do with
changing up my content and just like
making things I think are a bit more
where I'm at with my life and not having
so much pressure from people expecting a
certain like
it's a Clinton for the age demographic
visit my children
so in that conversation one of the
things Maddie who was socialist and
we're going to change my so as you know
we were going to have as owner HQ and we
were going to change mine to Zoe South
but then changing my to Zoe so gives us
a zoella so we thought it would be good
to have zoella as a main hub for beauty
lifestyle website but any project that's
behind the city on many breath
interesting yeah just one like the big
one so instead of going to be learning
to be Z and HQ being separate we're just
going to see
70% is very sorry the packs in separate
and so out of the brand
we just thought how cool would it be to
just like encompass everything in one
place so we'll still be posting beauty
posts we can also bring the lifestyle we
can mix them together in a bow nails inc
have sent us a cake ah girl came out my
name we're so excited to share with you
our new launch girl came this campaign
is all about celebrating Women's Zoe we
all agreed here that you are the
definition of girl Kane so we have sent
some treats your way for you and your
team to enjoy let's roll together
oh I love it we can all have one each
forget the boy Club CEO your mom wanted
you to marry Oh service you're gonna
wear my wedding day I don't have a
wedding day plan on flavor this is like
an actual crown thank you so much now
think you guys are the cutest Oh Holly
this really puts your little no the
difference is though these are we are
doing an office Great British Bake Off
sweepstake grand huh Holly and Morgan
had a moder
and saviem odour was the first one out
so that meant that Holly had to bake and
Holly was the least enthusiastic about
hoping so we basically forced her to
bake did you have fun no bacon yeah
we're gonna mark you down now we've got
school clock and everything this week's
Baker holly's month
yeah raisins were banned Holly
so this is our scorecard the great
a-to-z bake-off this week's Baker Holly
sash whose mom name of bake what are
these called Holly Rocco Rock cake all
these mums Rock cakes
yeah and then we've got a score out of
ten for presentation a score out of
temper taste texture and effort than a
total and a little comment at the end so
every week as a team I do another one
when I do it myself as well no that was
your one chance
I was busy last night you gave me up two
days notice all right think of a prize I
might think of one for the person with
the highest score yeah or the crown
we're doing the cake tech
the rock cake - okay so Alison Alison is
this week's Baker okay oh I hate raisins
this is going to be harder than we make
my food I'm sure these are delicious
I generally do not a fan of raisins and
there's a lot for briefing submitted to
me they're more like sometimes in the
big like with stock Christmas it's my
festive there's some spice in there
scoring the effort on funny or on
Allison yeah oh presentation eight out
of ten Wow well your presentation is
seven and in though you did in this
awful also presentation is based off the
actual fake yeah yeah
look well I don't mean wise presented on
presentation of it picture like if
you're going to ice a cake and you shuck
shuck my sooner or if you're going to
like actually definitely taste 7rm
texture six out of ten ever free are 10
total 24 out of 40 woman the raisins was
a slight issue for me but flavor was
lovely presentation 5 out of 10 taste 6
out of 10 texture 5 out of 10 ever 5 out
of 10 total 21 tasty but a little grainy
presentation taste 8 out of 10 texture a
out 10 effort zero after 4:23 Allison
rocks cake fully wax presentation 3 out
of 10 taped by Bob 10 texture 3 after
effort to our 10 total 13 do not like
raisins Holly was a lazy PR presentation
6 out of 10 tastes ar-10 texture sticks
out an effort to are 10 total 22 a
pleasant spice taste with no - 1.4
raisins the effort marks are / holy
Polly's mum marks would be higher
precision 6 out of 10 taped a of 10
texture 6 after effort two out of ten
total 22 had eggs that couldn't eat but
they are not very festive which I like
this is like a documentary maker you
know the Matilda guys I went for a bit
of a like trashy look I still got my
curls but it's like day three curls now
so still knives not texture where's he
going still nice not texture up a bit
more unkept unkept unkempt
I am I've gone to like these heavier
hoops and I think it's a dark hi I
should have not gone so dark I used one
of the by Terry smudge sticks and it's
definitely not a daytime smudge stick
and all we're doing is going for
breakfast where the Alfie's mum and dad
so I look like very overdressed with
unkempt hair Alice said it's next
birthday so we're heading in into town
to go to the ivy which will be nice
because their breakfast menu is like the
best menu ever sad people pitch or not
here otherwise they would be joining us
but they are a friend's wedding in
Tuscany this
it sounds like so you're here yeah
behind your ear like you know when the
magician knows what's behind your ear so
we'll take this one out
okay let's let me tell his mum it's like
even my own appearance doesn't want me
to look like my jewelry is like
rebelling against this look yo look at
that go a joke in wow he's a hundred
bees anything oh that's me today yeah
this is not the look I was going for
guys here we go
do you know what you're gonna have I'm
gonna guess Scrabble jacquard salmon I'm
not gonna know you guys I love how
you're matching today let me see your
tattoo knit
love I feel like when you two put your
arms together
it's like Power Rangers yeah when you
both put your arms together like
something magical happens we're back now
it has been a couple of hours
I've just been arranging Nick's
prezis and cards and also me and Alfie
got him a cake look at this this looks
so good Oh yummy I can't even tell you
how much I want to eat this and they are
now on their way over with buzz and I
think we're gonna go for a dog walk
cause it's actually really raw a little
I can't talk a really nice day today so
we're gonna get out with the dogs go on
a little walk and then I think we'll
probably come back for some tea and cake
and maybe watch a film or something
there's some nice like cozy birthday day
how cute does that look doesn't know
he's gonna be so happy with that cake
they were literally just saying but
today is their last cheat day you know
we're now in a field that has no one
else around and it is so nice the dogs
are going absolutely crazy are you these
sorts of evenings are like my absolute
favorite I can't wait now that it's
September I can't wait to have more
evening golden walks like this and it
smells of freshly cut grass which makes
it a good 10 at 10
and happy Sunday we have had a really
nice chilled weekend Sunday in
particular has been very slow and very
chilled I've been watching some programs
about serial killers as you do on a
Sunday oh I forgot to update on what we
did yesterday after our lovely walk
yesterday we came back here we cut the
cake and we sat and watched goodbye
Christopher Robin which I'd actually
watched the night before it popped up on
the sky and I know that there's a new
Disney film called Chris Potter I'm just
filming on it I'm just filming on it
yeah so I know that there's a new Disney
film called Christopher Robin which me
and off we really really want to see
next week but when I was on Sky this
other film came up called goodbye
Christopher Robin it came up last year
and I hadn't seen it and I was like oh
this might be quite nice to watch before
we watch the Disney film I've got like
the worst cold sores along here if you
hadn't already noticed and it's so
incredible there's loads of amazing
actors and actresses in it and it's just
one of those really heartfelt emotional
films that tugs on your heartstrings in
all the best ways and all the like
saddest ways so if you are a Winnie the
Pooh fan or even if you're not wanting
to be found but you really want
something kind of cozy to watch in the
evening or at the weekend I would
definitely recommend goodbye Christopher
Robin it was so good so good in fact I
watched it two nights in a row so we sat
down and we watched that last night and
it was really good and I Mandarin it
kind of lovely evening and now we I'm
being followed because she's like don't
leave without me
we are heading over to a Mandarin X
where poppy and Shawn will also be there
and we're gonna have a Sunday roast and
I'm really really excited about it
because Sunday roasts are definitely an
autumn time thing and
let's get into September and the
temperature drops a little bit it's like
every Sunday you want a Sunday roast so
I feel like this is the start of our
Sunday roast I know the log burners the
fires although I try to put this on the
other day when it was chilly and it
didn't come on so you might have to get
the fireman fireman not a fireman but
the fireman to come and have a look at
it
whilst I'm waiting for Alethea thought
we'd do a little 0td not that my outfit
was very thought-out today but you know
also I've got a bit of like I'm leaning
to one side so I've got a bit of a bowl
G boot going on okay yeah I'm not
wearing a bra because I'm wearing this
from Urban Outfitters it's one of those
bodies with a very scoopy back so now I
don't feel like a bra today I'm also
wearing this chunky cardigan which is
new actually from Topshop I love myself
a chunky cardigan in these kind of
transitional weather months then I have
two necklaces on I'm really sorry but I
do not remember where I got this but
this was a company that made this and
sent it to my PA box it says Z e s like
so it is the sug I think I can't quite
make it out
don't remember where I got that from but
it's really lovely a misnomer necklace
and some Topshop Jamie jeans but I don't
really wear blue jeans that much but I
really like these I'm then wearing my
YSL sliders excuse the bad be chipped
nail polish and a new bag Oh Instagram
and a new bag that I treated myself to
recently and I am blaming my hairdresser
Sam who I'd already seen this bag and
then she was she went to America and she
had it in on in every one of her
instagrams and I was like right that's
it I'm getting it so that's your fault
Sam but I really really love it
the little drawstring bag and it's
velvet little Gucci number the only
thing about it that I will say which can
already see is red is this is painful as
heck I kind of wish they had put a black
material strap just here because unless
you're wearing something over your
shoulder it really hurts and it really
starts to dig in depending on what
you've got in the bag but you can also
carry it with the handle here or what
have I got in my ears earrings are a
sauce I think they're these little
tortoiseshell ones and hair is like day
for going strong we were talking about
hair washing in the office and so many
people were like oh my god I have to
wash my hair on day two or day three I
can't go beyond day three and I was like
oh well I can kind of go like ten days I
have to bring out the dry shampoo on day
like four or five though still waiting
for me we're here at a mandarin neck one
of the presents we gave nick yesterday
was a 3d eiffel tower and he's built
there do you ever worry about your
boyfriend dinner why it's next to you oh
my god steady on I know you need to
chill out
look at Sean he's so greedy the carving
knife
I actually don't own a carving knife
mainly because I don't really carve
anything but Christmas ever
has he ma x-factors back on
