good morning it's Thursday and I am
upstairs getting ready
I've got s club 7 still on downstairs if
you're ever in it all for mood when you
wake up not that I was this morning I
just felt like listening to it or if you
feel like a bit down you can't feel down
if you pass love 7 on it's like the best
start to a morning ever I'm gonna try
some makeup that I've not tried yet so
I'm gonna give this a little try it's
the UA essential high coverage cream
foundation hyaluronic acid matte and
oil-free Siletz we haven't got my tripod
this morning so like Crouch I'm just
gonna hope this is the right shade
because it looks bit dark actually I
ain't the right shade again I like
silver
oh my god my face is orange it is most
certainly high-coverage bloody ow oh my
god this foundation is insane
I love this oh my goodness I've had this
in my collection for a while they sent
it to my PA box very kindly when they
released it and I just haven't reached
for it I kept I did have a massive pair
out recently and I kept excite
anything high-coverage not that I
actually need high coverage as much
these days
but I love testing high coverage because
I like to see if it really is high
coverage of mrs. very high coverage I am
very impressed with this a little bit of
my collection unto my eyes even though I
said I was gonna try makeup I haven't
tried before but I think because I was
editing till quite late I felt really
like buzzing ah like half 11:00 at night
and that is so not me
I just know any of our friends and
family watching this will be like what
the hell like Alfie was falling asleep
and I was just like chatting away to him
and he was like please shut up
I'm trying to sleep I'm gonna set me
under-eye with a bit of bacon finish by
revolution I normally just stick like a
fluffy brush in there
this is essentially just how come part
of your eyeball Zatanna there we go
right we've powdered under the eyeballs
now I'm going to use my Becca powder on
open it there we go which is the really
lovely one that feels really cold on
your face I'm gonna do brows I hate
I have no burnell's and I'm gonna use a
mixture of powder and the makeup forever
gel I'm just gonna put a bit of the gel
through it and then I'm just gonna / / /
I can't talk a bit of powder over that
okay done that I'm gonna use a gel and
I'm gonna use the hourglass gel in arch
one side of this brush ISM is short and
compact and the other side is a bit more
long and brittle eh
there we go brows done lovely job I
think I'm gonna use the Urban Decay Born
to Run palette or I might use this one
actually this is the Urban Decay back
talk and it has some blushes on one side
a mirror in the middle and then some
really pretty pinky purple shades so I
might go down that route today or not
I'm gonna use the monster big by Lancome
it was like why don't I look finish gel
because I've not done any bronzer or any
highlights or blush I'm going to use the
Too Faced chocolate Soleil bronzer
okay I am done dirty - is usually more
my favorite than day 1 for corkscrew
curls you do not want to brush this
trust me the only thing I think I'm
gonna do is add a little bit of dry
shampoo into my roots this is the igk
jet lag invisible dry shampoo I've got
one bit it's a bit straight so I might I
might attempt to just curl him a little
bit
there we go just better now I'm gonna
put a tiny bit of oil just on the ends
where it looks a bit dry this is the SS
boy oil I've just got the smallest
amount because you don't want to overdo
this but it also does give the hair a
bit more texture because it separates
out a little bit I don't know what the
back looks like stop see you've slept on
my head my head I've slept on it
oil done I was gonna use some texture
spray I think a little bit hair spray
this is the Amika Fluxus touchable hair
spray smells divine
you can also backcomb it a bit if you
want to but I feel like it's big enough
for me right now I'm not sure I want to
make it even bigger there we go done I
just thought I would do a little outfit
of the day in the mirror ela okay so
this jumpsuit is from ASOS it's kind of
a very thin caution denim very flared as
gnarley' and it did come with a belt
that had a little diamante heart but I
wasn't really a fan of it so I changed
it up for one of my own belts I don't
really have much jewelry on today just
some little hoops I've got my Daniel
Weddington watching cuff on and these
leopard print boots which were from
River Island two years ago I want to say
and this belt is it's a tiny little
vintage YSL belt that my mum bought for
me from I want to say a charity shop or
like a vintage shop I can't remember but
yeah that is my outfit for today I'm
going to go to the office it's always
how you feel as a guy is the most
important thing you know like this is
something that's affecting you
personally that ultimately you're the
Illinois has control to do it and you
need to think up after this what we have
to like do timings and action - I've got
a few next steps in here that what
they're kind of like how do this and I
guess that is company research yeah for
different things but I feel like they
all yeah I do relate to just yeah you
got one out but I still feel like
sorting out one of these things doesn't
happen it's not making anything happen
together yeah
make me a break
three or five percent many times talk to
people about this and then to make sure
it could keep you comfortable I am very
excited about their I'm really nervous I
think my problem is that I felt it's
really difficult there's a moment I feel
like I can't be myself or say the things
on to say that there's any time I have
to say something that's really big and
important when I try to spit in the film
talk about it
my blog honestly I was going it was like
but one thing I'm trying to do is be
able to say how I feel about something
but my problem is that I don't think
they can sit what's the worst that could
happen
it's very daunting to talk about things
that are like affecting you to the point
where you don't feel like you can do
what you love like we also remember
there's people that are going to go I
can totally understand what you
I think 99-cent people will deny oh
sorry you're just talking about that
there are the hearts but we're just
going through lots of bits of pieces I
when I got my nails done with papi I
went for white again I really like white
although over the course of the week I
find that the ends get quite stained in
makeup so clearly I touch my face a lot
more than I actually thought I did which
isn't very unhygenic and gross we've got
buzz in the office today we're about to
go through some new mood boards for
lifestyle gifting 20:19 you may have
seen in one of my previous vlogs we were
going through the initial mood boards so
now this is like with all our feedback
given and any other tweaks which is
exciting yeah Kerry hasn't seen this at
all Kerry so been thinking this is very
different from it's changed and I saw
your initial new board over the pre pre
mood yeah this is looking so much
maybe it should be
we're not probiotics now we're now going
through beauty is what mine 2019 gifting
carry-on got your wall
it's gonna be great good morning
everybody
it's now Saturday I didn't actually feel
much of yesterday because it was quite a
busy day I've got my mum here with me
today and yesterday and what should we
do we took notice the vets from the I
check up what else did we do we had a
little pop into home cents actually
because as some of you might know I'm
very eager for their autumn and like
Thanksgiving and Halloween and fall
stuff to come in because it's basically
my favorite time of the year in-home
sense from like now onwards so we had a
little look at home sense I definitely
went a bit candle crazy didn't know mum
yes I'll show you a couple of the ones I
got this one is a giant pumpkin spice
candle by DW home this is just the
candle of dreams isn't it I'm gonna put
this on my dining room table and light
it for the coming days weeks and months
also got this one which is pumpkin rum
and I don't know what brand this is
actually DW home again there you go that
one's really pretty this one I loved
this jar and it has this lovely little
pulley I can't actually see what I'm
filming cuz the sun is shining on my
screen this is DW home as well like all
DW however I just didn't realize but
it's so nice I think it's an American
brand this one smells is autumn ember so
it says call autumn winds rustle and
bird leaves infused with spiced incense
aromatic pine needle and crisp woodland
herbs it's a really lovely like bomb
fiery one then I got this one this is
called eye of the beholder teak wood and
myrrh I love the design of this but I
mostly got this because of the smell
because this is a very strong woody
scent and I feel like this is kind of
one step below that which I really
really liked this one I mostly got
because I loved the jar it doesn't have
the candle is on the outside so I'm
definitely going to use this to plant a
little succulent or something afterwards
and this is by Sydney candle company I
think it's a coconut which is not what
you would expect actually yeah em
coconut I like coconut scents for the
bedroom and then this is another DW home
and this is honey pear which also smells
gorgeous I've got this little pumpkin
trinket dish not sure what I'm going to
do with it yet but I couldn't resist it
these little bath bombs pumpkin latte
smelling bath bombs I'm so excited for
this it's by a brand called Asquith and
Somerset which I've never heard of
before but they look really cool got a
few cards because home scents have the
cutest cards look at this one girl power
happy birthday it's a little necklace
and then this which is down here because
I want to wash it but look at this mug
with this little Frenchy on it
some could say this is slightly tacky
but I love my attack around this time of
year so perfect I kind of wish it was a
pug but it's close enough I'm not sure
he's more excited for the walk come on
Ola like no she doesn't truck she
doesn't trust you that you're actually
taking her for a walk she probably
thinks we're going back to the V ETF or
so spotted these coffees this one is
farmers market collection by Jason Scott
ground coffee glazed donut warm cake
donut with a sugary glaze mmm and this
one banana muffin I have no idea what
this will taste like but it sounds great
they were only 399 H we are out on our
walk it's a lovely day I think this is
one of my favorite types of days when
it's like it's not
really really hopped and it's like a
nice cool day but the Sun is out
now there's in the lead but I think
she's a bit unsure so she keeps stopping
I'm come in she has like a false
confidence she like runs three meters
and then comes back surprised she's not
tired yet come on good girl my mum has
gone home now sadly so it's just me and
pup I've been having a little tidy up
and lighting some candles because Tanya
and JEP my hair
I mean Tanya and Jim are coming over
which I'm really excited about I haven't
seen them in a while and it's gonna be
realised for us all to catch up but I do
need to go and put some makeup on
however their eta is in one minute so I
didn't wanna like run all the way
upstairs start on my makeup then run
away back down let them in and I thought
I'll let them in let's have a little
chat let's have a catch-up and then I'll
go up insult my face out although I
don't actually know what we're going to
be doing so maybe I won't even need to
put makeup on maybe I'll just stay lit
my house is smelling divine I've lit
this candle I always like to try and
burn big candles when it's their first
burn if I know I'm gonna be in the house
like all day I will like them so that
they can do their initial burn all the
way down so this one's almost done
there's a lot of wicks at the whole
house just smells of like spiced pumpkin
I love it I cannot wait
and then I've lit this one the teak wood
Merc handle here and that smells
delicious as well so there's a lovely
array of smells as you walk through the
house and I'm very happy about it
I love when the house is all like tidy
clean everything's in put away
a lot of the candles and diffusers that
I bought yesterday in HomeSense I've
like distributed around the house and
yeah I don't know I just I really like
it it's very therapeutic and very like
calming they're not here yet so I'm
gonna do some quick makeup but I just
know now I'm about to start doing my
makeup they're gonna arrive if you use a
little bit of this which is the NARS
natural radiant long wear foundation
does anyone have a trick of how to put
mascara on and it not transferring onto
your eyelid any of my long-lashed pals
out there
help a girl out I try doing it like as
far down as possible it still does it
just used this mascara Ashley which I've
never used before and this is the Stila
huge extreme lash mascara oh wait I
think I have used this before what it
was a different one oh I thought I was
using the bare minerals they look pretty
similar cuz now I just um I just have
black on my eyelid now don't we know how
to
there we go now I just need to tidy all
this mess away look up my makeup looks
like I've been crying so we're currently
trying to find some a good dinner
neither of us none of us Tom that's
dessert we need to find dinner
what's all the ice liket I'd a that
smells like real old ice oh yeah she may
be doing yeah we're trying to decide
what's happened in ER but all three of
us are on very different pages I
wouldn't hate you've had tuna house he's
a tuna lover she's found that I feel
like I wouldn't want the smeltery
no we're doing all the dough balls
either let's get both yeah let's get
some garlic bread and some dough balls
great start tarney thinking pasta mat
Wow music your pizza I was thinking
about this
and putting a tin of tuna on that Oh a
left-field idea what do they get a few
pieces and then just have nothing
Oh pizza face do that with all the
Domino's the wiggle of the finger I
think we should brow the wand around we
don't know no wonder I've done an entire
torta dramatic so what we saying then
pasta or
in many respects maybe we could just do
like a little Italian evening do you
happy yeah
okay so we've gone for we've made some
different types of pasta we've got
ravioli and we've got like a cheesy tuna
and pea ravioli which fans made or is it
Tiger Kelly Tiger telly and then we've
gone for some pizzas garlic bread dough
balls so this is a italiano feast and
I'm sure all the Italians are like
buying Italian I said every time I'm in
Italy you just see loads of pasta and
bread but you don't actually
so I'm sitting here watching the boxing
I just looked up and I was redocking oh
there we go I just looked up to see Zoe
Jim Tom's hair and it's cheesy we've
done the full time up here you look
ridiculous
what what happens that G zone brush it
out Wow
I never planned to do more time not an
actual tips just be do look at it oh it
looks cute honestly tomorrow it won't be
so tired yes if I have to go to the gym
at 8:40 I actually really like it
look how thick it is t
it really made me jump look like me also
it doesn't feel like my hair do you like
it yeah yeah thanks thanks a lot
thanks for nothing get home tonight but
take your hairband out tonight and just
sleep with it like that yeah if you
sleep with a hairband in it messes up
the curls I'm gonna actually like crying
but if you sleep with your hair just
like that and then wake up then put some
oil through it don't brush it no it
won't trust me it's dry as heck right
now Jim what do you think do it properly
let leaves a bit a bit loose though yeah
this is the room when I come in here I
would be handed lots of champagne
doesn't it feel like that like like walk
in here and just want to have a tray it
feels really posh in here and like
that's a nice lighting and then I'll
just play
thank you for mighty mighty my champagne
champagne at this hour
