saturday is the start of the weekend
I've just woken up which is why I look
like I've been hit in the face with a
shovel papi is coming round because oh
she's here she's blew up and she wants
me to do her makeup and I took her
challenge willingly because she wants to
do a lot of glitter and it just looks so
much fun so your breakfast oh dude your
breakfast Papi's yeah wait wait wait
wait none us good girl good girl
look at all this stuff so much glitter
I'm gonna make you look like this oh my
god when the power of it wait for this
so normal glitter I'm thinking these
yeah
red then the star oh my god I did get
things right oh is this like pain don't
forget I've got my glow-in-the-dark
paint as well yeah look how nice that
combo it oh what's this one oh my god
okay
very exciting should I just you know
yeah would you want me to do it you do
don't ya she doesn't like it I'll be
halfway done
oh I do at your Bob where's your
matching so this is a package that
arrived for me recently and I haven't
been able to open it yeah look at this
cool balloon country see it yeah so cool
so I'm gonna open it we I think I know
what it is it came from my publisher
your new office tree quite loud just cuz
the music's so loud I send you a quick
note say thank you so much for including
everything everything in your book clubs
it really has meant the world to me and
my family I've included a copy of my new
book the Sun is also a star and I really
hope you enjoy it it's the story of a
boy and a girl I'm 12 fateful hours in
New York City by the way I saw the cover
of going solar and it's beautiful big
congratulations to you I loved the music
video to this and so excited to meet
them
let's see oh hang on stand here so then
I can get the light on you there we go
Lu oh my god now I don't actually know
if I mentioned that me Marc and Alfie
are actually gonna go to pride for a bit
so we're gonna try and dress up and look
a bit different but also everyone gets
involved in the fun everyone dresses up
apparently I've never been I'm just
going by what a few pop you've told me
so I'm opted for this wig that I got on
eBay and I think I'm gonna wear a hat
with it as well because then it looks
more real I guess I don't know what
music Marc's gone
it's like proper hardcore club music but
anyway I am currently applying the
glitter so I thought I would put me
Cameron to show you
I'm done I don't know if I like these
lips I've just done like a really dark
color pop color this one which is dr. M
I think I wore this like ages ago at
Halloween in my video with Gabby but I
really like the color I don't know
yeah no it was and that's my everywhere
highlight and I've got a cap on
backwards because it's a wig and I feel
like I wanted to be as secure as
possible so I've put this hat on which
is alfea's hat and at the moment it's
kind of just covering that like a little
bit where it makes it really obvious
that it's a wig
not that anyone's gonna think this is
you know real hair but I was just trying
to make it look as real as possible but
yeah and then I put like edible a
holographic glitter in the middle but I
don't know if I like it so I don't know
I might change it I might leave it who
knows mark is making alfea's beard
glittery you know like you've got some
weird be born you have oh it's really
red isn't it
I might actually shave my beard off to
get rid of in winter yeah baby I don't
remember the last time you shaved like
your whole beard off also your hair
reminds me of Max from catfish right now
oh my gosh it does yeah mark put silver
hairspray in it and Mark's got glitter
on his cheekbone yeah although I do feel
like you guys need more like mark why
haven't you got color in your hair you
can put glitter in your hair what are
you scared of you know it's like no one
touched the bonnet that reminds me of
like a dentist bib that you sneaking in
yeah sticking him really well do you
think this is just the scariest thing
you've ever seen I love this wig I wish
my hair was this long and this color
okay I am so much happier with this lip
this is the color pot man-eater and it
is a like metallic kind of but no
coppery color it's nice I feel a bit
more me now
I liked the green lip I felt like I
looked a bit like I'd like surfaced from
the depths of the ocean
and I'm not sure the ocean was the look
I was going for a lot more life like
more color yeah it like most right a
little bit the green made me look a bit
dead yeah yeah all right thanks mark
Mark's hair is a prized possession okay
mark you ready I means I'm gonna have to
wash my hair for tomorrow's filming so
am i but then you'll also have to wash
it for after oh yes
oh god I can't pull the cap off mark
you've secured it on didn't you so that
we could use it should we do it actually
hello I'm actually terrifying yeah it
looks soaked I'm a disco ball I'm a
disco ball I just got bored
Mark's just trying some boho gelato what
you think that one is toffee nope
caramel you're on the right track toffee
coffee creme brulee that's lovely that
is it delish he's also just tired carrot
cake for the first time that was your
first time trying it
this is shortcake oh oh you're so close
cheesecake nope is it multiple in that
strawberry Annette from if you say nope
shall we talk no no no this cream tea oh
that's like strawberries cream and
scones that is amazing
and then that one's the rebuff I just
want to get in on this boy the Carlton
is that your favorite as well I know
which must be miss a bit bigger than
this really so we've got carrot cake
gingersnap creme brulee rhubarb and
custard and cream tea mark you look
adorable
go look in the mirror in that very good
I look like a caveman is out you're
wearin yeah no wait to wear a you need
to wear them you have it looks good as
the caveman very proud of his heritage
it's very heavy
it is heavy I've got really it she had
I've just made evans hair ping put
glitter on we are so ready ready but I
know I'm gonna drive I'm sure okay yes
you know attempt to drive we're gonna
attempt to drive possibly any road
closer is closer anyway we just want the
entrance hate me okay this is very
bright I don't know I dunno we're
heading down to pride which I believe
yeah I can see the walls got shorter
like Davies like wow it looks amazing
and all I could see was like this where
some giant field yeah I know um Evans
got his mask on you so can't tell it's
there
right oh my god what good timing Lindy
was the best parking spot ever
yeah
it's paid
what do you don't like the really great
disguises but let's be honest I'm not
sure any color that everyone's ignoring
the roast road closed sign
my craving like GUI just got through got
over expands the man who gave me a
memory span went if you've got that mask
on so that people don't know who you are
and I went yeah why is it not working
you would know all right fair enough
exactly that was really frantic trying
to get in there I don't you that much oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah we're about to go
in
oh and the reason we lost Evan is
because he didn't print his ticket out
so now he needs to go through a
different cue which is really sad but
we've seen him once we get through the
other side oh you really need weak yeah
really did your way anyway as I was
saying not seven so he's gone into a
different somebody very funny in that
he's had to go into a different queue
but hopefully he won't take too much
longer but it's one of those situations
where just like
I've actually never been deployed before
have you ever been surprised I've never
been surprised
I think Alfie has haven't you yeah but I
haven't been said yet to pay to come in
I need to be free open him it was like
shoulder to shoulder no oh my god okay
controlled yeah so I've never been but
it looks like fun yeah where are you oh
I see you I see you yay
they're here
yeah literally five minutes no mark what
time is it
yes the mosque is breaking you knows I
might have to do that thing and just be
lying
apparently on the hunt for some food
a gypsy bounty in that immediate
palmistry you like that mom mom read oh
my god yeah they got paceman knots on
is it meat Donna Kim just met Chloe and
ty said that my future is coming off she
was like let me just whistle my nan
verifies what we're doing look at this
is gonna stick
right on
means always going in the bed Zoe's
literally in the bin
it because there's no logical
here on in it's ugly looking please play
now
you must ever talk to the right way now
putting its right
hey you'll have some fun toilets now put
an X on our budget
let's go made you run in the next time
you must fight it's open now ready for
an it ride
united we stand divided before together
together we can conquer hate
oh my gosh what have you done on it now
Alfie oh no my hot dog it looks like
you've got kind of like this sexy kind
of what's it called when someone's gray
or something fuck Silver Fox that's it
Evan you've still got your pink as a
sauce it's kind of faded to quite a cool
pink oh nice little pastel have you said
what good sir yes you do
pastel yeah what do you think I can't
even tell you how much I wanna make this
wig off it's so itchy one layer two
layers you ready oh god no it's very
dark
good currently in Tesco Mark's getting
himself a little snack what you got a
can bacon and a little salad that salad
looks delicious lovely this nice gang
anything Evan I've had too much food
I've got some monsters and bin liners
and a pie that's exciting
kip-up although he's wasting he won't
even go in that's so well trained me
back my camera we're currently playing
hot seat which I like to call hot key
for some reason Alfie's turn his
question was if I was a porn star what
would my name be me mark in heaven
answers this about five minutes ago and
I'll be right answers are remember
pokerface I know one place do it this is
if I got tenure as you and literally God
okay come on oh wait yes Paul Alfonso
the big Basha
and lastly pointless boner obviously I'm
gonna choose Alfonso the longest name
right
who do you reach what do you think he
said Alfonso big there's a big Basha
or was the last one the pointless
payment has borne witness Bona
what's our Funzone I think you set out
from there the big Basha yeah
we are on the same page lots where a lot
of beeping on there oh stop currently
evan is in the lead you get the evening
oh I'm like holding the camera in front
of my face it looks like I put a beard
so I was editing my vlog from Pride and
I remembered I actually ended my footage
where you just saw it and I never
actually finished it because I got a
really bad headache so I went up to bed
and went to sleep so I just thought I
would end this properly now as I'm
editing it I had the best time at pride
it was so amazing to be surrounded by
such positive and confident and happy
people I know that Alfie touched on this
a little bit in his vlog but I just
thought I'd reiterate it here because I
completely agree with it but it was just
a really lovely day and it was so nice
to be around everybody who didn't give a
crap what anyone else thought it's a
place where people can just be
themselves regardless of their race
their gender who they fancy their
genitals you know that there was no
discrimination and it's anyone they
could be who they truly are and who they
truly want to be and I think that that
was just such a special thing to be a
part of and I'm gonna go now because I'm
gonna put this on the end of the blog
and I really hope that you have had a
real lovely day and don't forget be
proud of who you are bloody rocket
regardless of what anyone else thinks
love is love at the end of the day and
that is all that matters and that is
what makes the world go round
I love you and I will see you again soon
