good morning everybody today it's still
warm it's not a sunny but we are all
going to go fruit and veg picking which
I'm really excited about I haven't done
this in so long and last night was me
and poppy were looking for where to go I
remembered that I did a blog post in
2011 so that's like five years ago how
crazy is that
where I went strawberry picking with my
mum and that's the last time I ever went
so today we're all off strawberry
picking and I'm hoping to take my big
camera and get a couple of blog pictures
as well but yeah you are gonna come with
me do a beanie or hat neither be yeah I
thought what to not do but like to start
my hair beanie still wet as wrong I love
it when it's on fluffy stuff and that's
just been washed that's when it's the
hardest to style do you find that yeah
yeah even I find that so clean and just
washed it I'm not going to do anything
dry shampoo yeah oh my god do you ever
put dry shampoo in it I make styling so
much easier
really yes drying it are you excited to
go fruit picking so excited raspberries
are my thing I'm gonna this know what
they are please gonna say so min of life
no that's alone
boy you cried wolf Alfie deyes well
thinking bananas if I believe
who's excited the fruit-picking group
groups remember how to drive c'mon yo
I'm currently a Papi's car which I
haven't shown just let me know
I've got to remember to change you like
shall we change gear
we're here my legs feel really wobbly
from having to use a clutch so not used
to it now I've got looked much better
Mini's acquire steps yeah yeah I feel
like I've just done a besides to get hit
I'm very excited about this I feel like
we're going into a high Johnny look all
the veg you can get that's so good got
me punished this is like I think it's a
long way to walk you know I feel like
it's a long walk guys yeah the tractor
stop is to take you to different parts
of the fields that's cool but you get on
the tractor it drops you off to the
strawberry the cameraman out yeah
there's a paparazzi in the strawberry
field
we found a what's this card
I don't worry I want to say Queen I
don't know
grass something run through it lies it's
a maze maze we can go you try them one
tried one yeah they're really sour are
they what is that red currant I'm not
too sure at a berry is but they look
like raspberries right I wait and they
like raspberries
huh is that like ready to eat have you
had them before you don't know what they
are that's funny no this is the table
right mark that's official al you don't
be woolly right we need to find poppy
and Shawn there they are this crop is
not ready do not pick here are these all
the black bodies their blackberries
you're playing it back yeah okay me and
pop here found the strawberries we lost
the boys I don't know where the boys
have gone the strawberries yeah look at
everyone picking strawberries please
start picking here today right look at
the little strawberries cute they're
down in like rows okay where should we
start
yeah are they really good oh my god they
look so good
they're coming I've got a fair few
strawberries look at everyone picking
them you find it's a good ones guys yeah
no look how amazing and juicy did it go
in for a secret garden oh I'd like plum
trees yeah I feel like wearing a white
dress as a really bad idea because I'm
gonna either get strawberry stains plum
stain some kind of stain I'm really
happy with the amount of strawberries I
got though
are you gonna make what okay what you're
gonna make of all of yours mark a
smoothie Bowl
Oh smoothie we can get some good old
smoothies are there I said this one it
was like really therapeutic just assume
and pick oh I'm not sure about that
strawberry mate we'll leave him there
190 smoothie
very therapeutic yeah it's really
therapeutic I would highly recommend any
of you watching to find a pick your own
farm hmm it's really fun and I bet you
the fruit tastes amazing
yes okay so I think now our mission is
to find the vegetables poppy wants to
pick some veg so we're gonna I think
we're gonna head back to the car and
because they have bags to put virgin
where's Alfie got your plums got my
plums this is like I'm carrying so much
stuff it's really you take the cam thank
you
we're now picking it some whoa
that's impressive like you guys have got
the best ones on your side here's one
illegal is it get in or not but look how
spikes where all you can do it
good work it's so pretty over there
yeah I know oh wow you got some amazing
black breathe I thought my own good but
yours are great well done on the black
breeze mark well done we've lost the
boys to the red currants sure you need
to stop eating them that's naughty I've
not I've not eaten what your mouth
tastes like open your mouth wider Alfie
I don't I didn't know always break it oh
my gosh quickly back where do you eat
them all no I just need dropped all my
snozzberry dropship on it almost dropped
my hope on it it like fell apart that
would have been very sad Oh back to your
secret garden I love this cornfield it's
beautiful
I wish we could just sit in the
cornfield all day listening to music
yeah the little picnic I wonder if you
can bring picnics up there yeah I just
all over the shop blackberries in there
yeah we've all had an ice-cream and now
we've come back out to get a little bit
more poppy one we're trying to work out
how to get I've made Alfie carry my
handbag
look all the courgettes there's loads
Janita courgette mark mark I think we
mic that Mike dude Akasha Zara and Mike
Mike oh my god this place is huge
oh my god
we are just never gonna get where are
the carrots then there's the raspberries
it's okay well what run here we'll get
it done it's all good oh wow it is
really hot
whoa what's that bird oh that's the
gating raspberries no that's women
they're fun I love raspberries I think
they're my favorite berry
I love a good Roz well here's a good one
look at him spite him a mile away oh
look at all my rose breeze I'm a people
then you happy with them should I try
one
yeah let me know what you think like I
like I've just made them good damn I'm
all good thanks I kind of want to wash
them first and have it scared oh yes if
anything happens to you and then I'll go
for it oh he's all right
you got some goods look at all the
cabbages
yay and because they watched our videos
they were so loving let's have it all
for free so thank you so much and if any
of you guys want to come and pick your
own we came here round stone ground
stone farm what are you guys doing one
of my dream tops off them yeah but no
one likes to eat those bits doing it
strategic so they're lighter and happy
with me rasps we've come next door to
Haskins Oh everyone filming he sneezed
on her a lovely brother adduct what's a
lovely brother she's got
yeah we're popping use the garden centre
which is the home of the best pizzas
aren't they mark dying Easter stuff we
came we bought Easter done anyway they
do the best pizzas so oh my god I think
it's gonna happen
who's cute give me the pizza
give me the pizza oh my god
how excited you jus member you had this
before exactly one yeah oh yes you learn
to be
one of the best pieces of abusing him
their drape shake that shake shake shake
that shake that me and Mark are doing a
project so I change snapchat thing so if
you followed him on snapchat this is
what you would have seen hang on Alex so
comfy may look like you're having a time
like a caterpillar I like it where shall
I do one
that was comfy we found a little place
to relax it's so comfortable it's 9:00
the best angle just wait for Mark to buy
a plant the one that you just dropped on
the shelf
where's my show everyone we are
currently down on the beach
hey this lighting is like crazy on your
eyes without the Evan and ASA as well
he's one of our best friends and we're
all on Pokemon Aang
warning oh there's a lot of fish down
here what's the fish called again my car
that's the one Jared oh we're just
chillin it's actually a very nice smells
of illegal substances as always in
Brighton
yeah if any of you want to know what the
pier look like in the evening I love
when the lights come on the pier so that
I'm famous like my favorite thing
everyone's talking about Kokomo man I
have no idea
Biya mark have left the others to go for
dinner because it is actually really
late it's like quarter to ten oh yeah
little tightly you're welcome
really
and I've got big exciting day tomorrow
and I have to do a little bit of
preparation for it so I was like right I
need to head back my my adult head was
like no Zoey it's time to go back no
more shots stop catching pok√©mon it's
time to go back and professional yeah
you're right laughs I'm gonna have a bar
actually I think
and then get an early night because big
day tomorrow
I'm a little bit nervous so I hope so
anyway I don't really know if I could
love tomorrow so as you're watching this
they won't be of love the next day but
there will be a vlog I'll vlog the next
day after that because it's an entire
day and I can't vlog well in fact I
can't vlog but I can't publish it for a
really long time so I will be vlogging I
just can't publish it there won't be a
vlog as you're watching this there won't
be a book tomorrow so I apologize for
that oh but I'm not daily vlogger so I'm
not I know your game that's what's
happening and then mark was like oh I
just come back with you yeah yeah I
think was the calm two hair on my lungs
yeah it to be sad no no Jim I feel like
took my beach hoodie I felt it's
actually it's like a yeah it's really
snug I like it so warm it just keep
small the wall Mary put your hand in
that
I was like oh are you feeding the plane
or using the pleasure yeah oh yeah I've
logged some of the strawberry picking up
like a battery light my battery lies
buried oh so yeah thank you for watching
yes muchas gracias I've just had my bath
which is why I look like this
ello and we're going up to bed now so I
thought I'd say good night good know how
he's still out on the town on the town
enjoy have a nice sleep you turns it's
more a fabulous day and I'll see you
guys very very soon you company NOLA
