Ella good morning everyone so I look
like this currently after the water
fights yesterday I basically firstly
party I really want a buff I said to
Alfea all of yesterday I can't wait to
have a bath
I'm gonna run it's gonna be so nice and
relaxing and I'm gonna catch up on some
YouTube and then we were out at the
beach for a really long time and then
when I got back it was probably about
11:00 and I was like screw it got a busy
day tomorrow let's just go to sleep so I
didn't have my bath woke up this morning
excited for my bath
and actually it didn't seem as hot today
so it didn't seem weird to have a warm
bar and we've got no hot water I'm not
sure what's happened to our boiler it's
on this is no hot water coming out it's
like the burner isn't igniting I don't I
don't know I'm not I'm not a plumber or
is it an electrician I don't know which
one works on boilers I'm not a boiler
ition I don't know I don't know what's
wrong with it
I can't even boss I'm really sad about
it and we have a meeting at 2:30 which
I'd quite like to be not looking like
this for especially since yesterday it
was a really hot day I just feel so
gross like I want to shower so bad so I
think we're gonna try and either go to
poppy insurance for a shower or Alfie's
mum and dad's for a shower either way I
need to sort myself out because I look
like this currently and we've got a
meeting so hopefully we'll get sorted
we're now at Nick and Amanda's I'm about
to have a shower and thought this out
thankfully they have hot water I'm all
done Alfie you clean all brush
yeah I've got this on I've got my new
boots eggs I think a sauce this is Zoe
Carson t-shirt little pair of
high-waisted shorts I am actually gonna
change just a bit too big yeah Anya
little do necklace yeah I don't know why
these are too big I think they used to
fit me and after I picked up the room
but yeah they're like really but I think
I need to like get tighter ones let's go
get some lunch before our meeting on our
way home we decided to stop off and get
some lunch
but Alfie has just as we're driving
through were like Ravens bakery we need
to get some chocolate squares because
they're the best thing ever and do you
remember the vlog where I said Alfie was
going to get chocolate squares before
and they didn't have any so this is gone
in now and he's like how many do you
want like Marvin me out the window I'm
like how many is that he's like loads
I'm like tray and then I thought that's
a bit ridiculous I was like six I don't
know this so good though and Mark is
coming tonight
so I figured he might want to try one
and anyone else that's come to the
meeting might want one you never know I
do always have the best meeting snacks I
pride myself on my selection of snacks
during meetings before my god did you
get a few got a bit carried away things
okay so is this lunch as well
this is just good okay eight chocolate
squares
give me a bakery hall eight chocolate
squares it's out squares - sausage rolls
yeah I'm a yum yum home now and just
before everyone arrives and all these
chocolates worth get eat and I really
hyped up I just thought I would show you
what they look like
YUM and and just never had one before so
she's gonna try one are they good
it's like yesterday I uploaded the vlog
of me speaking to the phone now you're
here in real life it was very much huh
oh it was the 1012 in it yeah making a
den you know I made it done yesterday in
the gardens were you really sad that you
weren't here to join me on the den fun
yeah literally I am about to edit that
vlog now so you should have already seen
it if it went up but yeah mark is here
tonight got some fun miss you I always
go through and watch all my save
snapchat all right spot the puppy look
look how happy she is in the crevices of
marks back I hope she's not in your sack
or your crack
where's Nala oh just in the crack
clearly she's missed you she's not
letting you go anywhere
that's why use bombs see what are loose
bones
maybe no we should watch that it
completely isn't good
yeah I really enjoyed that I think
you're quite liked it it's very like
honest dollar
is it new out yeah like 2016 ah
they see you then oh sorry I don't know
what I was gonna say but I can't get
over Darla like well she's like opening
them and then shutting them again that's
me sort that's annoying
yeah this is what you actually came
around for it was Nala she was like I
need you here because I need to sleep on
you what so are we gonna watch tonight
that I'm gonna fall asleep - yeah it's a
little brown I'll tell you what I really
want to rock rock
well I really wanna watch I really want
to watch me before you but it's not out
to watch yet about time
oh okay well I've also wonder what
conjuring to mark went to the cinema
that kinda ring to basically you are no
no no no no none of these excuses
oh I really was worried about that I was
like because I said we've been planning
to see so long and because we both love
Horrors and then I was just like why the
times nice back of holiday there's no
not gonna be a chance for us to see it
in the cinema so I was just like oh my
god I'm gonna have my friends are say no
just I know I can't come I just like to
know what well it's time to get back you
don't remember Sarah what's her wedding
sari why me and Mark haven't seen each
other in a wild guy I knew that was it
you didn't even need to tell me yeah we
should find something scary to watch
yeah either way I'll try and stay awake
oh I'll quiz you every 16 with it you've
got to keep me awake that's your task
okay I'll kick your way every 15 minutes
a little quickfire question about the
film you know what my favorite song can
bring it a Billy Elliot you know I've
got the live on DVD oh my god we should
force that maybe maybe good way to put
it off you know while I had it I'd love
to I'd love you thing because I'm just
that editing well marks everyone's gonna
think I'm such a crappy friend I invite
you around and then I sitting there day
good to see you to please me
doing a little Q&A about my book club
which is fun I'm using this app actually
that I've never used before
specifically for q and A's and you can
reply with videos which I'm really
enjoying so yeah thanks for sending me
lots of your questions
I'm also it's just really pleased you're
all still loving the book club it's so
cool how many books have you read from
my book club I mean you released six in
you oh I've been to six everything is
everything gone girl but you read the
killing lessons a couple of years ago
did you enjoy it
mmm is really scary very much what's
that marking is singing queen of vagina
are you the queen of the vagina we're
heading to the pub and I said I really
hope that little spot is free so we sat
in the other night with all the wood and
the fairy lights and and I was like did
you see it or hear something I haven't
watched no I said I haven't caught up
with your recent blog like your recent
and I said hey Mike just as a friends
now
didn't we have to stop being a fan of
okay which one was it though it was the
one where me and poppy like hid behind a
bush the triumph was it we see your
silver play button yeah what's half of
it oh look at it
no I did you know I got to I just I did
I did when you were looking over at the
man singing this shopping mode then I
have to do something else I'll come back
to that later but then I've watched the
others fake fake fake fan crap Fringe
joking we've lost him to Pokemon already
gotta catch'em are literally everyone
and walk past on catching don't you
worry about that zu back it's just your
father you're like I don't know I just
like how are you today like I can't see
you every day but I feel like I just
fancy you more oh thanks oh you fancy me
today oh you know when you just really
fancy someone a bit more like you know
how sometimes we're Tanya says she
fancies Jim a lot more so she takes
loads and photos of a new vet carbon
bitches of like Taino Emma Watson or
something no I got it I got it
right mark yeah we're officially an item
don't it they won't be poached yeah oh
yeah how cool is this mall you love
Annette
oh look how he just sat play in his
Pokemon I'm so annoying
that keeps doing day trying to decide
what to eat I think I want a face
camembert yeah yeah she nachos and a
smokey Dyke
okey doke is what vocally don't monster
yeah I'm excited I'm ready to take it on
I'm ready to take on that smoky dope
monster
we've just been sat here this is me on
Spotify Zoe sugg and we've just made a
new playlist how do I find my playlist
oh there it is okay so we've made a
playlist
oh just focus called golden oldies and
it's all the songs that i used to listen
to you when I was like 16 17 and they're
all in here and they're all great so if
any of you are 90s kids or even finding
them very nice
I think there really is not at night how
to find garlic is normal you do love
your nachos
it's the biggest plate of nachos and
your monster burger that is a big got
camembert to share look at all this Oh
your pizza looks nice yeah that looks
lovely yo and I got a halima burger I
had enough I leaned in like this what I
was trying to reach the nachos and show
my careful you're gonna put your boobs
in the salad and I I was like no Ted if
I got really carried away did he did it
honestly I was kind of uncertain how
part of you that I actually ate dinner
I'm so proud of Mark for how much he
just a I had I'm not gonna wait for you
to destroy my guest toilet
yeah yeah mind if he leaves the guest
toilet in going home but we know he had
a light on his helmet but it was great
need to keep in check
that was nice veneer that was good the
portion sizes are always bigger than I
remember
massive but to be fair like when I
ordered my nachos everyone was just like
yeah Mike you ordered a share of nachos
oh that's what I was like everyone like
it was supposed to be like starters but
it was a sharer so we're now walking
back to pop his car and she's gonna
drive us back there like late at night
when was the last time you saw a pigeon
that night though oh where did the
pigeons go at night yeah so when I first
signed off on I was like wife is when
you sneeze when you're wearing a helmet
yeah helmet what happens really Smith
these are all things that someone must
tell her I'll go in the middle the
middle Shawn we're going on road trip
it's the 28th of March 1990
I understand I pray the graphic crazy
mother
it all just kicked off its Alfie kept
freezing my Achilles heel this bet I
can't do it cares
what what are you like calf it's like
the ring you're coming up the TV bar if
I am queen overjoyed I got show you the
footage of you running yeah no he's
upstairs oh Allah
I'm setting up in here because we're all
gonna watch stranger things which is a
series on Netflix at pop in show and
just taught me I would love so we're
gonna watch that but we're all just
gonna sit on the bed just watch in here
cuz it's way more cozy and cool yes we
can open the windows in here but
downstairs it's way too hot and look at
my little like mini festoon like have
you seen in my vlog so I've been saying
remark festoon did you like those lights
in X isn't it yeah I love them yeah
Mark's got my leggings on
look how they are they're not actually
my legs look how tight my long johns are
long johns
I've got on my 80s like Barbie t do the
hocus pocus thing you know when they
first like come out of the house and
they do that perfecto perfecto no do the
Chloe run Chloe
it's the double egg oh it's a double
head thing it's like okay like two steps
to get from there today
that's so funny without be a little
happy they're probably on the other side
it's bad I was going to say all in there
we were hiding down here look at this
one
okay I'm too scared to be sleeping in
here today even though his own bed we're
watching the stranger things now we've
just watched to start and it actually is
quite creepy I'm not good with alien
films I just thought I would end the
vlog here
everyone say goodnight goodnight the
vlog I love you
