hello everybody welcome to a slightly
different video on this channel
something that you probably weren't
really expecting but I hope you really
enjoy and I'm super excited to be doing
this video today because I just I love
having any excuse to do a bit of a
makeover on any of the rooms in my house
I'm working with does any owe on this
video today basically they came to me
and they were like we'd love to work
with you I've actually ordered from them
before and for any of you that don't
know what does any owe is it's an
incredible website with hundreds of
amazing prints that you can purchase in
multiple different sizes alongside
different types of frames for the prints
again in lots of different styles and
sizes and it just makes it really super
easy to get the print with the matching
frame for that size that's one of the
things I find really difficult about
buying prints and then trying to source
frame separately I never get it right
and so this website is super easy to be
able to do that and say yes I've already
ordered from them before I love their
website I love so many of the prints on
there and they get new ones in all the
time so I'm constantly looking on there
for new prints that I can style out the
house with so for this video I thought
it would be nice to give this room a
little bit of a makeover I'm not just
doing a print wall behind the bed
as you can see here this big kind of
turquoise wall but also just changing up
a bit this is one of the rooms that
myself and Alfie I mean we don't really
come in here very much because it is a
spare bedroom but that doesn't mean it
doesn't deserve a bit more love and
attention so I thought this was the
perfect opportunity to do a little bit
of a room makeover and I think the print
wall is definitely going to be one of
the biggest features of this room and
make it feel so much more homely and
cozy it's very important for me that
anyone that stays here likes the room
they're staying in I know that sounds
like really obvious
but it does make a huge difference and
it means that your friends and family
are gonna want to come and stay again
so I thought it would be nice to do a
bit of a before so that as we go along
you can see all the changes I'm making
and how I'm doing the print wall I mean
everyone loves the before and after so
this is the doorway and as you come in
but you have the bookshelves and they
have lots of bits and pieces on them and
then there's a couple of little
cupboards down here got the fireplace
mantel piece and then over here we have
a full-length mirror hey TV and a chest
of drawers this is something I need to
move out this is the dog pen this is
mostly where birthdays when he comes to
stay at ours but I think we can find
another place for that then the
wardrobes here bedside table bed this is
a bed that we had in our old house I
love it and then there's just some
multicolored fairy lights
another bedside table and that's pretty
much it so this is a very good before
besides actually ordering the prints I
also went out yesterday and purchased a
hammer nails a level and anything else
that I'm going to need to put my prints
up on the wall
you can get some like sticky things that
you can use to put your prints up on the
wall if you're renting or if you are in
student accommodation and you're not
allowed to knock nails in but I guess it
depends on your situation and if you
feel confident enough to knock some
nails into the wall but I'm actually
quite excited about it so here we have
lots of the frames I ordered so I went
for a selection of copper like rose gold
black let me get them out only because a
lot of the accents in this room are also
this coppery rose gold color I've also
gone for varying different sizes because
I think gallery walls look really nice
when there's lots of different sized
frames and they also had this wooden one
which I really liked as well so cute and
then this has all the prints in in it
thanks for my drink
so good yeah it's gonna look cool isn't
maybe so we get a nice idea of the
different sizes the different frames and
the different colors now I think we
should get the prints out and decide
which prints we want to put into which
color frame
which ones I chose they haven't seen any
of these oh damn this load that's neat
you're perfect for this room
yes that's why you change your thoughts
and you'll change your world black and
white we don't really cool on the wall
so those are the two big prints and then
I got obviously got some smaller ones
look at all this was like a look no
scars so my thought process behind
picking the prince was that I did want a
lot of color because our wall is a
really bright turquoise so I wanted
something quite colorful but at the same
time I think it's quite nice to balance
that out with quite a few black and
white prints because as much as I love a
lot of color sometimes it can be quite
classy depending on the sorts of style
of prints that you've gone for so I did
get what I think is mostly like Pink's
greens and black and white but again it
really depends on the room that you're
doing because if you're doing the
gallery style photo frames on a white
wall I think you can like go to town
because white as a background is
basically a plain canvas but because we
have the turquoise I didn't want it to
look too much so that that was my
thought process behind that oh it's this
way laughs that's it yeah I didn't know
a legit thought that was just that some
cool shapes but then we took it when
people come over now that was one of the
images we took it's what I thought would
look really nice on the wall because it
has all the same like this sort of color
so now I'm trying to decide which images
I want to put into which type of frame
and I do feel like the wooden with the
black and white text in will look really
nice because it's the same sort of wood
as the bed head which permits
yeah that is really good wonder I
literally love how alfea's come in to
help and he's like going for over into
it now I say we turn them this way so
that the bed could be like the wall or
we do them do it on the floor and we
start making a layout and moving them
around until we're super happy with how
they look
I put that one down there so you can go
out here but no no no no your honor hi
so if we're saying this one starts here
mm-hmm and they may be lower actually
like here yeah would you mind holding
that little pink one you see the pink
one with the leaves mm-hmm which am i
holding that above it so I can get a
gauge of how much space either side down
the bed yeah yeah okay let's get the
hammer and nails so I have my tools and
the first thing I'm gonna do is hold up
one of the larger frames I'm starting
down this side and I'm gonna make some
markings so I know where to put my nail
pets upon their yeah I mean depends who
is bigger than your hair look top be
proud
I think I look sick I feel like this
side looks great I think this one is
throwing me off this lolly that I
swallow no but where it is do you think
it needs to be closer to the wood no I
think that's it the only thing you don't
want to do is stop being like I'm going
to put one more here and then you end up
with like oh and little one would look
good directly no square unlike the lips
as I said at the start of this video I
had already placed an order with desi
Nia last year I want to say when we
moved into this house I was a really big
order and so I've just gone around the
house and picked up two more so this was
another one that I had and also this
little one which I'd bought last year
and I'm gonna tie them in with this
because I feel like there's just two
tiny gaps but Alfie is saying it's fine
but the perfectionist in me is like no
something needs to go in these these two
gaps and if it looks bad then I'll take
them back down and put them back where
they were but I do think we could put
something in here and a little one here
just to balance out a tiny bit so what
I'm gonna do now
okay now I'm happy I think this looks so
much better now that I've balanced it
out a little bit so if any of you guys
watching this want to give a gallery
print wall ago then does any oh are
kindly offering a 25% discount on all
prints across all the websites so all
you have to do is use the code zoella
and you can do that between the 28th of
august to the 30th of august the 25%
doesn't include frames or hand-picked or
collaboration prints but if you go in
and pop the prints into your basket then
add the code you can see where the
discount comes off anyway it's really
really easy to use their website so yeah
give it a go let me know how you get on
I'd love to see any images that you have
of your walls do tag me on Instagram so
I can see them if you do it and I'd love
to know what prints you pick I think it
says a lot about someone with what
prints they choose and kind of what
style you go for I wanted every print I
picked to make me feel something in some
way so although they look quite random I
really love every single one and also
once you have all your prints and you
know all the sizes you can change them
up whenever you get bored of looking at
them so if there's one in there that
you're like I feel like it doesn't
really go anymore
you can just go online pick a new print
and change it up and switch out which i
think is amazing especially if you want
to do it around like seasonal times like
autumn or Christmas you can make all
these feel a bit more festive and for
anyone who's watching this you might be
a bit more international des Ennio is
also available in the rest of Europe
Canada the USA and Australia so lots of
different countries where does any oh
ship stew which is great because we can
all get involved I will put the code in
the description box anyway and all the
details just in case you didn't catch
them but yeah so now that the main focal
point of the room is complete I am going
to make a start on everything else so I
want to change up the bedding take this
out bring some more
plants in take these multicolored lights
off give the room an overall kind of
finished look oh my god I just love this
so much already this is this is kind of
dangerous because now I just want to
knock nails in all my walls and order
more prints
you
so I'm almost there the only thing I've
been trying to do is mantelpieces and
the shelves now there are some amazing
people out there who know how to start a
shelf kate Lavie I'm looking at you but
I am just I don't have things to put on
this shelf so I don't know we've got a
lot of like you to be books up here and
then some other books here but I think
because this is the spare room it's
really throwing me off and there's so
many so I'd love to know your
suggestions of what I could put in here
I've got some like nice photos with
friends and things but generally I don't
need to put any kind of fictional books
in here because as they are all in this
spare room I don't know I'm a bit
stumped with these ones I'm not really
too sure what I kept on here I have
visions of lovely hanging plants I think
I am gonna get more plants for sure
suggestions are very welcome in the
comments this is what I've done with
this mantelpiece I went and found this
mirror which I actually had upstairs and
I wasn't using it for anything so I've
put it in here and I actually love it
because it now reflects the gallery wall
or the picture wall back into the room
so I just think it looks amazing this is
a little drawing that I did when I was
little got a candle too little fake
succulents because they were up on the
shelves so I just moved them here a
photo frame of me and Mark and then a
little photo of me and Alfie as well and
then with the rest of the bedroom I
brought in some fake plants I mean I
love myself a real life house plant but
when it is a spare bedroom I just find
that generally I'm not in here enough to
remember to water them and we have had
some spare room fatalities when it comes
to house plants and it just makes me
really sad especially because the
weather has been so warm recently it's
been a lot harder trying to keep them
all alive so I did faux plants for this
room because I just want to leave them
out I want them to always look green and
fresh and to not have to worry too much
about wall
during them I think it works it works
this is what I've got so far and then I
just put a little tray here with a
candle some fragrance and a lip balm and
with the bedding I wanted to go very
colourful I wanted to pick out some of
the colors in the prints and kind of go
all out and I love these kind of more
autumnal mustards and yellows with the
kind of more rusty colors and then it
kind of picks up that same color because
I've got the mustard tassels on this
bedding as well and actually when we had
this wall painted I was so unsure
because it's such a bold color but I
wasn't I wasn't actually too keen on it
when we actually moved in oh the lights
disappeared but now that I brought in
more color I think it really complements
it the more color the more at work so
I'm so happy with it I love it I wish
this was my bedroom now I'm in two minds
about whether we get this put on the
wall or not I think it would look good
personally maybe I'll get our feature
attempt to do that one because it's a
lot heavier oh that's one thing I wanted
to say actually these frames are much
lighter than they look so you don't have
to worry about big old screws in the
wall and making sure that you've got
like really hardcore nails they're much
much lighter which is so much easier
than if you have something especially of
this size you imagined it to be really
really heavy but it's really really easy
to put them up in that last cut if I was
like I think I might hang it I'm just
not sure I hung it I just hung a mirror
by myself using a pencil and a tape
measure and look how level that is
literally couldn't be any more perfect I
do worry a little bit of the nails I've
used a probably not strong enough but
we'll see there's two of them in there
so hopefully it'll be okay also just
change this up a little bit I've added
this plant this little fake plant and
then moved the other one to that side I
think that looks better
do honestly think when you're
redecorating a room you have to move
things around test spaces put things
where you think it might look okay and
then take a step back walk out the room
come back in again see how you feel
about it because that's what I just did
with the mantelpiece and I didn't like
it and now I love it I think it's just
about testing things seeing what works
seeing what doesn't moving things around
I do feel like the less symmetry the
better I think when things look to see
me on both sides I don't know I just
doesn't have the same feel if you know
what I mean and I know I just said I
much preferred to have fake plants in
here and I am gonna keep all the fake
plants I really think this pot which I
took from downstairs goes so well with
this so I think I might have to nip to
the garden center and just get one plant
for here and maybe a teeny one to sit
next to it okay I've sourced some plants
from around the house which I wanted to
move anyway this is what I mean by just
run around and find things that you
think aren't working in a space in your
house if it's maybe not getting the best
light if it's a plant which this one
wasn't this one needed a bit of help and
I think in here now with the blinds open
he'll get some nice sunlight and also
this one I've just moved some other
plants downstairs so he didn't really
have anywhere to go
so I just thought perfect and I popped
this one in this little kind of Wickery
plant pot which I love and also think
goes with the room really nicely I think
when decorating a fireplace it's worth
remembering that you can pop things on
the mantelpiece but also you can put
things around the actual fire area
obviously this fireplace doesn't
actually work so we can't like that it
is mostly just decorative I definitely
think it's worth popping a few things
down here to know I think it just adds
to it it looks really nice
so I want to give Alfie the grand reveal
you ready yeah it's kind of living it
yeah it's really cool
like changing rooms what's the theme -
yeah yes a bit this is so nice like
genuinely really really nice love it
inow wonderful yeah I now want to paint
one of the walls in the other spare
bedroom
really yeah like a dark green or
something I think it looks so I don't
ruin it I'm not gonna end this video
because I feel like I have done
everything I wanted to do to this room
and I'm so so happy with it don't forget
to use my discount code in the
description below if you want to go and
grab yourself some prints and thank you
so much to to Zinio I think this is
honestly been one of my favorite
sponsored videos to film ever I loved it
give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I will see you again very
soon bye
