get morning-after butter I'm in a very
good mood this morning partly because
it's so warm outside today secondly
because I felt like my skin is clearing
up which I'm really happy about thirdly
I had the best bath ever this morning
and had a bit of a lie-in I slept until
half past eight that for me is a lion
today's plans are to edit my vlog from
yesterday I really need to fill my main
channel video for tomorrow however I
feel like the only time I'm gonna get to
film that will be tomorrow so I think my
Sunday is gonna consist of filming and
editing and uploading that's the only
thing I find when I start vlogging more
on this channel
snapchat ceases to exist that's like one
of my favorite things ever but I feel
like anything I want to document i
document on this and i forget to like
snapchat anything so sorry if you follow
me on snapchat and i haven't really done
a lot on there i need to try and like
keep the balance of all the social
medias i really haven't even been on
twitter that much either but whilst i
was in the bar this morning I was like
scrolling through bah-bah-bah and it
also means that I get less time to film
main channel videos because I'm editing
these in any spare moment that I get and
because I just feel like I want to go
out and do more because it's fun for you
guys to watch and it's also really fun
for me as well
I have so much fun when I'm filming
vlogs because I feel like I make better
decisions I'm like oh no I should
probably stay in and do that no I should
probably stay in and do that like I'm
doing less of the mundane things and
more of the fun things and in turn that
makes me a much happier person but it
doesn't mean things like main Channel
videos there's no time to film them
there is time it's just I'm using it for
lots of other things and also I need to
write book right now so I'm gonna try
and do that I'm doing a video all about
nala and things I've learnt having a
puppy and any tips that I can give
anyone else which is something that I've
wanted to do for quite awhile but I felt
like I wasn't at a point with narly yet
where I could give anybody any tips and
I think it does take a while to kind of
I don't know get used to it so yeah
that's what I really want to do and I
also want to kind of go through lots of
old footage and find cute
it's of niala when she was younger which
is going to take a fair amount of time
so I don't know whether I'll be able to
get the video up tomorrow or Monday but
either way there's gonna be an ala video
at some point it's funny I have this
thing now where I'm like I have to
upload my video on a Sunday but I don't
really somewhere along the way some day
has become my video day and I'm not sure
how that's happened I don't know that
you guys wouldn't care if I change the
day but it's like I can't change it it's
like when it gets to Sunday I haven't
finished my video or I'm still got a bit
more to do or I don't want to rush it I
beat myself up about it like it stresses
me out all day I'm always like and
although we need to because obviously
the weekend is normally when there are a
lot of other people that aren't working
so like a lot of Alfie's family aren't
working and there's lots of things going
on or like barbecues and picnics and
family things like all parties family
and I can't I want to go to those things
because obviously they're important and
they're fun and family time is important
whether but then it's also like the
busiest time because I'm like I'm here
to get my video finished but then I
shouldn't really put the pressure on
myself because I know you guys wouldn't
mind I think as long as there is a video
at some point in a week during the week
then you'd be happy but mr. Smee it's
just me going pressure on myself to get
it up on Sunday
whatever whatever anyway I gotta do my
makeup now
all done I just need to brush my teeth
and then put some lip stuff on scuzz
right now I've got like scuzzy
foundation lips and then I think we're
gonna head out to the shops because
although I have some of the ingredients
for the cake I wanna make I don't have
everything and we could do with getting
some food for meals are you still
editing yeah good good I'm gonna go make
shopping less you know i films like that
yesterday listen
oh look at this dog look at her you live
in the life you live in that pub life
this is how much she loves my dressing
gowns why are you so o and G oMG oh and
I have a package from lazy I know how
much I love lazy over and they had loads
of new autumn winter stuff coming out
and I'm gonna open this on camera
because let me just cover the address
how nice is this of that to send me some
of their new stuff you they say waste of
time on them cute
ahaha little white ones uber bond so
cute so soft it says in your dreams in
like cloud bubble writing let me just
stand up and it's like a jumper but it's
like big sleeves and like a frill here
is it bad I kind of want it to get
really cold now like it's like I'm
literally just that it's funny I'm so
happy and I'm like but I want to wear
all this cute stuff okay so there's that
one okay so this is kitchens and puppy
dogs it says on that in like a baby pink
and then it has white polka dots and
it's a jumper dress see there we go
long-sleeve jumper dress oh my god this
is so cute
so this is pink dress with this really
lovely collar and it goes like this and
then on the back it says introvert which
I really like it's like a sailor dress
but pink Navy a lover is it navy or is
it black black actually the last thing
oh my god
fluffy cropped jumper with clouds on it
oh love love love love how lovely them
to tell me no thanks ever so I don't
know if I already mentioned I probably
did but the cake that I want to make is
a bit scoff cake viscose is this stuff
it is delicious
okay so I've got some crunchy spread and
some soft spread and I want to do like a
3-tier bisque of cake
the only thing is when I've got some big
Scots as well oh and I just haven't
really found any recipes is this zoomed
in yeah it was so I haven't found any
recipes for a bisque of cake and I have
something very particular in mind I want
to do a three-tier bisque of cake with
bisque of buttercream however I did find
a recipe on James patisserie so I will
leave a link to that below and she has
done a bisque of cake in three layers
I might decorate mine differently but I
am gonna follow her recipe so thanks
Jane we're often a supermarket I've made
mature lists while I save the
supermarket we're actually going to do
wild Saturday how excited you that I'm
dragging you around the shops
one minute
now magic soap shopping yeah because we
never ever have any food for dinners and
evenings so I'm going to really try and
plan like four or five different meals
to eat in the evening weight trays
actually not as busy as I thought it
would be on a Saturday I have to say
maybe everyone's gone to M&S oh we're
about to go there as well
yeah you could always grab something in
the little cafe here if you're still
hungry yeah I could get a good old scone
good old it's gonna have to go like down
to get you in oh because I'm so tall
first shop done why your trolley is so
impossible to perch the food or anything
nevermind is about when it's like full
til I can't push them dude
we're taking it slow where are you
thinking about stuff sorry you still
here I'm Alfie want some porridge the I
love Ready Brek personally I'm a Ready
Brek kind of girl ready breakdown I'm a
Ready Brek gal golden syrup oh I love
when they're in the sachets because
they're so easy yeah I've not I've not
tried am M&S porridge actually they've
got tons more sugar though yeah I feel
like you should get plain sugar and add
golden syrup if that's what you want
because we do have it yeah
three pounds easy why don't you just get
this one super fiber porridge no added
sugar whole-grain source of fiber one
pound 64 500 grams 3 pound 50 220 yeah
that's the bit that's quite a difference
actually well I'm gonna get some honey
and oat breakfast biscuit
look at that perfect amount of bag time
people Oh chatting away it's really
heavy though not for me not for you
oh that's me hey I'm so hangs out so we
can eat them yeah
guys you've got a couple more calling
the caterpillars 18a were grown adults
that's so good they are really good
wouldn't it be so nice if you could be
like I'll Drive this back now well I
would run short on Nene why would you
carry over because seasons change so
quickly I've already been thinking about
content I can kind of do through like
Halloween and Christmas I already have a
really long list but I don't know what
just made me think of that either I
think maybe I'm starting to feel a bit
all to me and like I want it to be
Halloween already
look at me just assuming the bat I did
see you so if there's anything that you
guys want me to do this year for
Halloween or Christmas let me know
Halloween comment
the caterpillar do you can a headache
I've already filmed all my videos so
2019 my debut my daily looks aren't
there all in advance but a 2 years in
advance
shiness we're actually I'm already well
kid but you guys just have never seen
him oh my god can you imagine can you
actually imagine obviously it's not true
because people meet you and post photos
but someone might have like done that
they just don't leave the house
well they could be like three years
behind and uploading their daily blog so
you would never recognize why you
probably would still recognize them but
maybe you wouldn't think it was them
would you every day that's not him
because I know yes poor beard right now
and he doesn't have like god it's like I
need a dozen have a kid but you films
three years of YouTube without uploading
anything then you start your channel
yeah imagine if someone's done that well
I've done that you have not you
definitely haven't but this video is so
old this is my channel my channel is up
to date it's not for you watching this
it's not this day happened yesterday
yeah this is 2011
I've caught three yo kid you know what
someone's can do someone's going to take
that one snippet and their guys have my
drama channel bila Alfie I've got a
three year old kid and then people are
just gonna let Alfie has a child I dunno
I wouldn't really work doing that
because like there would life events and
like world events wouldn't make sense
nobody that you just never mention age
film your day or they imagine being like
I um just kind of my phone
Sony Ericsson yeah magazine and the date
on it
why have you got the iPhone one yeah
that's funny no thought of that
let's go it's very hot I want a Colin so
you could possibly gonna go I know
quick we've now successfully put away
the shopping so it's time to make the
cake right I'm gonna get the ingredients
up okay so the first thing you need to
do is preheat the oven to 180 it's sent
to CERN to Grade Celsius or 160 fan and
line 320 centimeter or 8 inch sandwich
cake tins with baking parchment and
leave to the side so I've already lined
the cake tins with baking parchment so
they're ready and I've already got the
oven on 180 in a stand mixer beat
together the butter and the light brown
sugar for a few minutes until light and
fluffy okay so we need 400 grams of
unsalted butter softened and 400 grams
of light brown sugar
in with butter but it's a lot of butter
in with the light brown sugar now you
need to beat this until it's all light
and fluffy
now to add 400 grams of self-raising
flour i'm trying to do this with my left
hand this is never gonna work
whoa 400 is a lot yeah it's a three-tier
cake okay oh do you not need to sit 400
grams roughly 7 large eggs holy crap
well luckily we've got 24 there
also need two teaspoons of baking powder
although I wrote baking soda on here
it's actually baking powder so I can all
that yeah oh yeah so I got my two
teaspoons of baking powder and my four
hundred grams of eggs and miss robot
baby on a low speed
the recipe also says four tablespoons of
whole milk so I'm also going to do that
now as well it says at this point to
make sure you don't over whip it so you
literally just want to mix it until all
your ingredients have combined and now I
think it's time to spoon the mixture
into the baking tins now it's time to
pop these in the oven for 25 to 30
minutes or basically until it's golden
brown and a skewer comes out peas okay
the mixer and the bowl are now clean so
that when the cakes have cooled down we
can start on the icing just got the
cakes out of the oven and now I'm going
to leave them to cool in their tins for
10 minutes or letting them then call out
of the tins for another 20 minutes or so
until they're cold basically okay take
the cold vlog is edited vlog is
currently uploading so it is time to ice
and decorate the cake this is what we've
got so far I think they look really good
actually
yes they're completely cool the reason
you want to make sure your cakes are
literally cold is so that when you make
the butter icing the butter doesn't melt
and the icing goes all gross and yucky
and if any of you watched the comic
relief British Bake Off that I was on
that is a mistake that I made my
cupcakes it all separated cuz I didn't
let them cool down but we didn't have
enough time to let them cool down the
time they say you have on Bake Off is
the time you actually get like when they
say you have an hour they mean an hour
250 grams of unsalted butter 250 grams
of butter is going in the mixer and I'm
gonna mix that for a good like I don't
know 5 mins you want to mix engine it
goes much much lighter in color
I now need 500 grams of icing sugar
by the lot my friend slow speed
and once you've got it like that and
it's mostly all mixed do you want to
speed up we now need to measure out 300
grams of this which is the bit spot
which bits off which I think you can get
in most supermarkets to be honest it's a
biscuit spread and I'm gonna use the
smooth
I do have crunchy as well and I'm gonna
lay a crunchy with the icing inside the
actual cake so but smooth is going into
the I think it looks like a massive dog
poo we now need to add it into this this
looks so good right now
this Scott is in let's mix that together
oh my god this looks so good now we need
to add the milk because right now it's
looking an odd texture how much milk was
it Oh 40 to 60 milliliters
guys I honestly think this might be the
most delicious buttercream frosting I
have ever eaten it tastes so good
this cough spread done now we need to
pipe let's put the next layer on
by the way the reason that I'm piping it
like this so that it's kind of more of
an even layer over the whole thing so
yeah that's why it last one on oh my god
this kpop is huge right now the question
is what do i do on the top do I do like
hmm do I just go around the outside
I have finished my bits cupcake that
took quite a while and that is gonna
feed a lot of people I've made such a
mess and I don't want to eat anymore
pissed off I do want to put a little bit
oh please got icing on a biscuit biscuit
that's good that's really good I've
decided that I want to give the top a
very light sprinkling of icing sugar but
this is generally where I always muck up
and ruin it so I'm a little bit nervous
to do this okay that's quite a gentle
spring fling yay okay perfect
it's done I'm actually so pleased with
this guys I know it doesn't look like as
professional as the professionals but I
don't think I've done a bad job and I
mean the icing tastes amazing I haven't
tasted the sponge but I don't even think
I'll get to taste it and let's I go
along tomorrow to the event but yeah I'm
gonna take this over to Amanda now how
am I gonna do that how am I gonna get
this cake to Amanda in one piece it
won't even fit in my cupcakes in my cake
stand hmm gonna have to think about that
today my friends tonight gave my friends
Vicky one little tooth should I give my
friends buzzy here's your favor
do you like the horses are they your
favorite yeah like I want in what you
doing did you just have some with buzz
she saw a breath
hey Linda did you just have fun with us
did you watch telly together and bark at
horses together oh look I just smudged
all my lip no it looks like I've been
smoking but I haven't so a visa my dad
popped round for a bit and I'm under
collected - the cake for tomorrow and I
did have a little bit of a dilemma
because I have a cake stand with a
glass-like dome lid that goes over but
because I've made the cake three tiers
and then I'd stuck biscuits in the top
it wouldn't fit and I was like I'm not
really too sure how this is gonna stay
fresh for tomorrow so I try so I try to
make like a tin foil like dome that
didn't work then I try to use a foil
like snake thing like Pat it out snake
ring around the outside of the cake so
that when I put the dome lid on it kind
of raised it that didn't work so in the
end we had to find a box and put the
cake in the box and then just like cover
it in foil and cling film so hopefully
it's gonna be okay for tomorrow the only
thing is that because it has biscuits on
top you don't want the biscuits to go
soggy
but I'm pretty sure the buttercream will
be fine and the sponge will probably be
okay I mean that might go a bit stale
but the biscuits would definitely go
stale so I hope it's ok I really wanted
to eat some it was so hard not eating
any of that cake like so hard anyway
they've just left and Alfie and his
friend Holly and actually che
and I think Callum and Sarah they've all
gone to gbk for burgers I believe but
that was like hours ago so I don't know
where they are now but I am so tired so
I'm just like lying here like falling
asleep being like getting back so I
think I might end this vlog here but
thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed my Saturday with me I didn't
do anything too extreme but I really
liked days like this which are so like I
don't know like went food shopping and
then did some baking and I had a really
nice bath this morning although I didn't
film that but yeah I just really like
days like this I had like a 45-minute
chat with my brother on the phone
earlier so that was good nice little
catch-up yeah it was really nice so I
hope you guys had a nice Saturday as
well I hope you're having a really
lovely Sunday so far I'm gonna go now
good night
