good morning everybody I'm here is done
he's very jet like how you feeling
been in America all weeks almost yeah so
it's not quite not quite not quite with
it no right so we have them a meeting
just the life of meeting Dom really does
have a life of meeting every minute
every day every minute lives and
breathes meeting yeah so that is where
we are heading to now look at this
meeting it's exciting
look Maddie you've got this whole table
just for you this is Alfie and poppy did
Mandarin it's like wedding anniversary
like couple anniversary yeah thank you
so I'm like decked it all out with
balloons and stuff it was really cool
have you are they are black boys yeah
very brave kind of works though it's
quite cozy I'm just really hoping if
these these are the best biscuits ever
are they warm they are they are warm and
I'm gonna have to have that one cuz I
just touched it my hand on a biscuit and
then leave it what are these
well they look very healthy chocolate
ours
hmm I reckon they're masquerading as
healthy oh you don't think they are
there's probably quite a bit of sugar in
there maybe yeah oh I'll look but
sweeties all got sherbet lemons
what are these ones Oh rhubarb and
custard they're my favourite humbugs
good selection we even got pencils I'm
very happy about that I actually really
like this part
meeting I parked my car in this movie in
a bit and I just didn't know if I
trusted it or not so I'm just coming me
it's such a beautiful day today I'm
loving it
but yeah I was just moving my car
because we had enough time because the
other people that were meeting aren't
there yeah like I'm just gonna move my
car I just don't trust where it is so
that's what I've just come to do
god I'm so unfit I just like run up the
stairs because they smell so much
definitely one way to get a girl's
attention if you're a man in a van just
be works like a charm I'm sold
give me a number and just in case you
didn't sense the sarcasm I am completely
joking it doesn't work
catcalling is not effective feel how
heavy that is I did not think it was
going to be that heavy
oh I thought you were going to drop it
reflection that it makes on your face
diamond never got this one and now I've
got the whole collection yeah to my
journey right there yeah okay gosh I
feel bad for you guys lugging that all
this way I'm the only female creator in
the UK with this and the only other
person who has one is Adele so there you
go yeah
oh there's a mastery come from
I feel like because that all happened so
quickly I didn't actually explain what's
going on
basically I finished my meeting and I've
come to meet up with Poppy and Shawn who
were doing a bit of shopping in town
it's really busy in town today but also
there was a man busking in churches
where there's like a little station
where people come back between Monday
and Friday which i think is such a cool
idea
although she seems puffy I would never
do that because I would be both get
and then look who's in great new cookery
an uber Papi's looking for a book kind
of not cooking it's not cooking for a
cookie here we go no I don't think I've
ever gotten this little Photoshop it's
alright it's key that's one way to put
it thank you this is definitely my
favorite section of the book shop just
because it has a lot of great people
mm-hmm and Alfie obviously and it
jim-jim has a pencil case with its inner
I didn't know that I didn't see that one
online pencil case he's named major
we're talking about books we read when
we were younger so the books I read were
these Oh Louise Rennison ones
these were my young teen years just
about group of girls who are friends you
talk about boys live prod I'm sure and
read dint that adarand
the saga of Darren Shan yeah I was like
12 I think of these 13 about a boy that
became a vampire that's like all of it
my brother used to read I don't remember
Captain Underpants no it was a series of
books oh I think he did read those yeah
let me stick it those the ones Joe read
okay I've kind of propped you on my
passenger seat well we get out of this
car park
god I hate this space this is the worst
place you could parked in because I
can't actually get around oh my god I
can't get out ownage it come on I'm
gonna go and get now I get my laptop and
then we are going to poppy and Shaun's
it cannot creep there's probably people
laughing at me this is the worst part
the carpark oh my goodness okay and then
we're gonna go back to poppy in Shaun's
and poppy is doing like a lunch for all
her family which is gonna be nice so I'm
gonna help her do that I'm gonna get my
laptop so that I can also edit my blog
from yesterday because I haven't done it
yet and I need to do it all so this is
probably TMI but I have the worst period
pains in the world all the way through
my meeting
it's like scrunching up in a ball on my
chair like cuz I was just in so much
pain so I always I need to buy some
tablets or grab my seminars which
actually is one of the best things you
could possibly take for period cramps or
headaches coming out of car parks is
like whizzing round a helter skelter
I've got my ticket I'm happy I didn't
manage to lose it from a ticket machine
to the outside ticket bet
Oh
didn't even need to put the ticket in
hein
waste of paper okay just read my my
vehicle number play my hair these
sunglasses are really stuck in my head
okay um I'll be back I got this one now
sit down though she's got a little
doggie seatbelt on but she does look
currently like she doesn't he's like
where are we going uh-huh I don't know
why she gets like this every time we
come to my friend Shawn it's like she
cries to get out
literally when we're five minutes away
you're on camera
everyone can see you throwing a hissy
fit yes they can she just gets too
excited good ha hey
I know I'm going to leave you here it's
a calm down
thank you mmm let's go I need to sort
this hair out with these cuffs okay so
me and Shawn have been sent out on the
mission to find two nice plants just not
sure that's being sure of the best
people to do this yeah cake yeah Picabo
Road Nala is literally going crazy
inside a non spiky ball oh my god
they're weird on me yeah
right distracted yeah this is our
problem this is why we're not really
able to get anything done and we're also
trying to catch pokemon it same day
looks so good look at this dog
she's scared like a big baby a big furry
baby we got quite a few so these are the
ones we selected in the end what's your
favorite mmm why is that one I do yeah I
think this is my favorite the lemon
aroma yeah yeah these are pretty creme
brulee yeah I'm excited to try that one
rhubarb raspberry and creme brulee what
was this one just strawberry tart things
strawberry custard yeah that that was a
raspberry passionfruit and something Wow
why how would it do there you can the
little spread puppies got so far yeah
such a good entertainer fingers
yeah so we've spent lots of time with
populist fan and I really guys
konnichiwa
I'm gonna catch you jinx I just caught
edging we've just come out to another
little flower shop go on a stop puppy
driving is like my thing so we've come
out to another little flower shop and it
was a success we've got some cute okay
she wants to get run over I bet she was
playing Pokemon we should go and look
for Pokemon I'm already looking when
it's not with this beam glitching but my
she's very tired because she's had lots
of attention for the past like two hours
I'm not had any sleep so she's
definitely doing up I'm editing now I'm
still at poppy insurance I did ask them
if they needed me to go but no Darley
I'd lead you to leave I need you to
leave right now
why just go I don't know why but you
have to go what are you doing what you
say crying I'm trying to be the son who
just made out of it oh is it normal that
when I shut my eyes I can see a little
black dot in my vision probably Oh
she actually does she has endless I
think important contact she fakes it so
she doesn't have to talk to me she's
made people up so she doesn't have to
speak to me photo Jordan Sarah doesn't
exactly what she eating Oh
Nala anyway I've got that thing where my
makeup looks rear and I think you should
do doing Poppy's makeup doing Poppy's
makeup or you could try and do mine I
could join the your makeup I think I'd
be quite good so quite good at painting
faces on have you done face painting
before no is in like yeah I know Shaun
is really good but as a Alfie and how do
we make remember I said earlier you do
have the first in photography though
yeah why not actually why not migrate
there's a drowsy I'm just like bored of
drowsies that have to say that's hot
like Zoe's literally had a phone on the
side waiting for a Pokemon to come up
yeah and it's a drowsy I'm not why is my
hair getting wider as the day goes on
not sure about that fringe is coming
anyway
yeah I think I'll be quite good at
makeup yeah I think you should try it
oh no no no that she's actually just
trying to find anything to buy what
Shaun doing he's doing what your harness
on is it can you think we're going she's
so tired but she won't sleep me do toy
how many of your dogs just barked at my
blog all right
my knife no I can't imagine if
everything we did we had to thing
ready are you ready you ready kids
it would help if the words one in
Spanish colonial council boy lmao Dwarfs
Kasich wins Mesa queer queer demand for
the
I sound like throwing in so many
different accents lights and friends
hold on
yay just showing our feet like crazy I
didn't really get to fully like
stressful in my excitement because the
YouTube ladies were there but when they
gave back they were like we've got a
present for you I was like oh my god no
wait what what is that and it was my
diamond black which I am just cleaning
excited for look it hang with a little
cloth to clean the fingerprints off
which I've already done a couple of
times just look how crazy that is like
how crazy is that
ten million thank you guys so much you
are as I always say the best viewers
thank you for staying with my shape I
know and just thank you for being the
best the best community ever there's 10
million of us now and I've got a award
trophy plaque diamond thing to prove it
we're now walking out to dinner
I'm not now feat Pokemon guy and now
that he's filming it I've lost him even
more we also lost puppy because I
stopped to wait for Alfie thinking that
he wouldn't take long and probably on
the phone she carried on walking and I
realized there's no point waiting about
taking so long and I should have gone
with papi but Papi's like way up some
just kind of walking between the two of
them going to the Dyke for dinner which
makes itíd about and I also have brought
my laptop with me because I clicked to
upload my video and I left it processing
so there's a couple of little bits I
need to do before I set it live and I've
got my thumbnail and everything on this
laptop so bringing it with me
I've caught up with papi but we've lost
Alfie I'm excited sure I know let me
know in the comments how many of you
have lost your partners to Pokemon
because I actually have physically lost
Alfie I don't know where he is
oh he knows where we're going we've
arrived in there maybe that's what they
got you we found them you did how did
that taste like holy crap bloody good
and I have a mom that looks amazing
what's this Shawn you were never you are
never gonna finish laughs it's up yes
thank you thank you very much
I can't even God quietly
okay
no is that we're not here
litchi they neither of them have looked
up to notice that we've gone just making
noise do even louder like actually
scream Oh God I'm actually like paying
well guys if you thought we had a
solution to get their attention
you were wrong because it didn't work
then spin is that relaxing this is
already making me dizzy
round and round I think you know what
throws me off is that it's on a tilt
yeah so one minute you're up and then
you go down like that
yeah I'm just not sure okay whoa
right I'm gonna do this obstacle course
you ready where'd you start over here
it's bit difficult one-handed not gonna
lie I just
I just feel quite difficult one way each
it's like a race
we're now home from our Pokemon and
playground adventures it's quite late so
I thought I would end the vlog popping
Shawna snow here but I've got to be up
early tomorrow so they can't stay round
even though poppy actually probably does
want to stay around I want to say the
spare bed in this house is where he
comes to me but yeah what an exciting
day it's been dumped lack what else
exciting adventures it's an all-around
great day you guys learned something I
just want to say I love you all very
much and how amazing is it so good night
from me poppy and Shawn we all love you
thank you for my diamond plaque goodbye
so long farewell auf wiedersehen
ciao so I have already ended the vlog
but when I told outfi I'd ended it he's
really sappy hunt said goodnight I
didn't get say good night to your vlog
and I ended your love last night for you
and then sleeping like that copy this is
the worst and literally the worst
angular that's better now looks like a
naked I'm not gonna get up objects is on
guys
anyway Alfie just wanted to say good
night in that guys thank you for
watching the vlog thank you again love
you there we go
goodbye
