a reporter I'll be popped up I'll be boy
knowing that in that Oh your hair looks
really cute like that it's like a little
of that you do know I like it all right
right so at the moment we're waiting for
Alfie waiting for Albie because we're
all gonna go get for breakfast okay and
Shawn stays around last night I woke up
all right
I don't know where we're gonna go to eat
though either IgG or six or somewhere in
home Harry Potter land have you actually
been to the Harry Potter studios the
Warner Brothers where it's like near
London Watford it's really good are we
popular oh look at Ginny's I still love
in that little house isn't it so cute
do they eat it yeah the kiss Melbourne
love it
guinea pig valves are one of my
favourite things they just instantly
make me really happy we're currently in
sip
and Kakaako has just been officially
released on the app store
so no weird dodgy links anymore it's
actually out so if any of you were
wondering from one of my previous locks
when you could download it away if you
get it from it's out now on the App
Store on iPhone anyway it was on the App
Store already for Android right but it
was no okay
I don't know so we're all just not here
oh yeah
in fact waiting for
me and Alfie of Lanai ensure now because
they had lots of errands to run and
we've actually come to Adelaide Crescent
which is in Hope and it's beautiful this
is probably my favorite Crescent this is
got like you just look at this look at
this this is amazing I love it here
especially when the sun's out yeah I
know
you actually turned out to be a really
nice day so naturally let's make the
tents over there like you see that over
there a dog Pikachu
right but yeah it's actually turned out
to be a really nice day so though we've
come pokemon hunting which makes me that
dog is cute
oh yeah hello we are now having a little
sit down on the beach
which I feel like we haven't done in a
really long time I never properly sit
down I come down to the beach but I
never sit on there at the stones I
really like em when we came down here
one they're like once in the morning
down there and you wearing your onesie
and stuff yeah it was like when I and
one of the blobs yeah I really loved
that that's what I used to live on the
seafront it was like so much easier to
come down but we are playing a bit of
Pokemon getting a little bit of Sun
breathing in the sea air and just
chilling on the stones and I really
really like it I feel like we should do
this way more I couldn't imagine not
living near the beach because I've lived
here since I was like 3 years old
sometimes I forget I live near the beach
I know that sounds ridiculous but I
think because I haven't lived here all
my life I forget it's a seaside town do
you remember the first about to say that
I mean just my breakers
it's a bloody Pidgey yeah the first time
I came to visit Alfie I was walking down
the street and I was like just off for
the train just off got off the train
walking down I was like oh my god this
feels like a seaside town and Alfie was
like it is a sea so tell me what it is
and I was like oh yeah everyone says
well you can smell not like salt from
the sea but you can just smell like
fresh when you get into Brighton
I honestly London anyway I honestly
believe sea air is actually good for you
I just do mentally if not like act like
technically yeah mentally good yeah I
just though chill I think besides the
noise of sirens which is currently going
on that's not like a lot of sirens as
well besides the sirens I think the
sound of the sea is like my most
relaxing sound ever although last night
after my bath and we had that spa music
on Alfie actually asked me to leave on
whilst we fell asleep just realise it's
like a six-hour playlist I woke up but
like 2:00 a.m. no that's a lot more a.m.
I was like okay I think we need to
actually - um no it's frozen do you know
what even though Pokemon go is actually
come up properly
micros is three times the service still
ours the best so I'm gonna have to
restart that nobody else download if you
haven't already because I don't want it
to be even more like it yeah I feel like
it's probably just because so many
people are downloading it today like
officially but yeah it's just it's still
not great still not great and it is
every time I try and catch a decent folk
songs it crashes every time it's like I
throw a ball doesn't work I throw
another ball it doesn't work third ball
I catch it and then it freezes so
annoying
but yeah it doesn't really matter
because we've got the C and thumbs out
so regardless of what Pokemon I catch
today I'm happy anyway my hay fever is
not good today how is yours fine we must
have a different type yeah some bees
will get affected by different types
unless I'm getting out but my nose is
like a tap I'm not enjoying it do you
mind showing them my outfit today of
course I love your outfit today yeah I
like the color and I kind of like it
style no I really like it it looks like
I've got my pajamas on that is really
chilled you're not hot in your jacket
though I'm not sweating out in a t-shirt
I Barney willing to this
description box I'm always day with
every outfit that I can find online
yeah it's just easy isn't it all in one
walking away today that is it done it's
hockey which I like and I really like
they're like no sleeves
but yeah I just got a chair yeah whilst
I was also talking about that my nose
broke something success sundown no roof
down so now Sun out roof down yeah I
received a little so I thought I'd show
you open it on camera try it on see if
there's anything I want to keep citizen
to me alright sent back because you guys
really like these videos and actually I
really like watching them as well but I
don't think I've ever done one where of
opened it on camera before so that's
what we're gonna do now where should I
put my camera a lot of what I bought
recently was for shall we say much
hotter climates and that was fine when I
was in holiday but when I got back from
holiday and it wasn't quite as sunny and
nice I was like I know cuz I had a
massive water appear up before I went on
holiday and anything I bought since then
was for the beach I now I really have a
lot of showers a British summer clothes
or new British wave I'm never really
short clothes so that was a silly thing
to say it's the first thing we have here
is boohoo lightweight it is sweat you
guys might have noticed that I've been
like living in a certain gray hoodie
that I have but I really like and I just
kind of throw these on because they're
just really easy to wear especially
under like jackets and things so I just
got this gray one from boohoo this looks
fine to me oh my god I'm just so sexy
this is Chuck Holden cardigan in ribs
she knew what I really liked it it was
called the Chuck on cardigan because
that's a very good description of what a
lot of people do when they wear a
cardigan they chuck it on oh this is
soft obviously not with this outfit I
like it it's cozy and it's very soft
Free People Beach jumper with hood I
know what I liked this now don't be
fooled by the fact that it says each
jumper because I really liked that this
was cropped I just thought it was the
cutest thing ever and it has a really
big hurt look at this oh my god I think
I like love this already Lana
oh yeah probably supposed to go by my
head Oh cute I like this and it's
cropped a fritti clipper tees are
actually really great second bag okay a
sus woven peg trousers
has anyone been watching my videos long
enough to remember the time I hated
teens and I never wore jeans guess what
now pretty much in my where is jeans so
I'm constantly on the lookout for
travelers that are like smart and poles
aren't jeans where we should be ripping
these bags like this because if we need
to send something back they're just
literally playing black smart trousers
I'm probably going to roll up at the end
and wear with some heels or combi even
though at the start this I was like I
needed some non beach British summer
clothes I did buy a bikini but bikinis
can be worn to spa so oh my god this
bikini top is way oh you tie it right
got you tie it up in the middle let me
just tie it up so they make sense to
look at I think it's because I really
love pink with the green leaf hope these
are misguided
yeah misguided and they really weren't
that expensive these were like really
good good a UK for nude a sauce
sleeveless body in fine oh I got this
because I thought I wonder if I can pull
off this color now I have a tan see this
color I think goes really nice with
khaki it's very thin very yoke you can
see through it but I love the color
oh yeah oh it's very long whose body is
that long maybe I'll try those on with
the black trousers oh I got some boots
these are from June obviously everything
is from ASOS but they have
I like these I just wanted some like
black you know standard flat boots but I
quite like the chunkiness of this heel
and I really like that this front bit is
like leathery and this back this way D
with zips on both sides okay I'm very
Huckabee's very I think these are my
favorite things like that pick up this
top which is from Young bohemian very
creased oh it's really cute it's got
like flared
sleeves it's really floaty this would
look so nice with some black denim
high-waisted trousers I love the
neckline on there another teabag
oh it's a skirt how cute is this denim
skirt it's by monkey and it has a zip i
wonder if this goes all the way down it
does would you look at that babe look
like jeans oh I like okay these are
noisy May and these are like mom jeans
now I live in mom jeans at the moment I
just love them and these have got a
little cool and an ice cream and piece
of watermelon on this side I just
thought they were quite cool I have some
dungarees and some jeans with lots of
different like patches on that I
absolutely love but these ones are in
tiny bit more subtle so if you like the
patches but you don't want to go really
overboard these ones are pretty good try
them on they look very long did I get
the right size the answer to that
question is no not the right waist but I
didn't get the right length so I'm gonna
have to roll those up which communis I
do with most things anyway oh this looks
like a pretty summer uraeus ahh oh my
god this is so effing cute
this is just a sauce Patti oh my god I'm
so glad I bought this it reminds me of
like a little dress you would put a doll
there's a high neck but the back has a
little bow and like a cutout hole and
then a zip and then look at the bottom
of that with a pair of black boots and a
little black floppy hat holy crap I love
it
kind of wish I had this for my holiday
now but oh well if you have a bit of Sun
here now I can still wear it I love that
okay that's also one of my fav thing
guys there's nothing in this thing I
don't like yeah also picked up this
which is a little swing dress and it's
this like yellowy color I just don't
really have anything of like pretty
color and then it has like little
exposed bits for your shoulder I like
that we will try that on the last thing
I bought which was a little bit more
pricey but I saw it and I was like oh I
feel like I love that and I want to try
it on if I don't then I don't
it's a scotch and Soda coat so I am
gonna miss Kathleen because if I don't
like this it will be going back so this
is the coat the jacket a coat it just
looks so snug I'm gonna have to try this
on
but how snuggly is this gonna be in
autumn I know I'm already thinking water
them to be fair it's cold enough here
most days you know what I actually don't
love this on me I'm just not sure about
the color I thought this color would
look nice because I had a bit of a tan
and maybe I'm just not sure about these
bits I think I would prefer if they
weren't there no I'm not I'm not loving
this okay now this I love look how cute
oh yeah I like this
I just don't know okay I have the skirt
on which I like and I just put this like
jumper beach hoodie on as well just to
show you with that this is the top it's
so cute
I like this trousers
I like these I can't really see my feet
and this top is a whistles top I have
but it's just an example probably how I
would wear the trousers but I like these
they feel smart okay so the only thing I
really need to make a decision on is
this coat which I'm still not sure about
let me know what you think I'm probably
just gonna ask people that I know as
well because I don't know undecided
I don't like it makes me look quite like
boxy round here I think but if that
stayed opened up for me that's like way
better but I don't know I don't know I'm
gonna go and put my PJ bottoms on I am
just about ready to go to sleep look
I've got Christmas PJs on and they're
not even mine they're our feet right I
really fancy like a calming tea or like
a chamomile tea or a peppermint tea just
the tea also what is this I can tell you
what this is a massive hormonal spot on
my chin let's go see what Alfie deyes
doing
better all about that ambient lighting
have you finished your work for today
you ready Thomas yeah the thing is we
need to go get food because no one can
deliver you know when you're hungry but
you're also really thirsty and you feel
like you could down a whole like drink
oh I'm gonna make a lime juice I'm gonna
make a lime drink on it I thought she
leaves the food so if you guys don't
already know when we give no her a treat
yes so she gets so excited that she's
that no weights out your hand doesn't
hurt that's just like pretty aggressive
and I thought she leaves her food
because we make an either so when I give
her a treat today I put it on the floor
another weight made us sit next to him
wait Oh a tree it didn't work the first
time the first time she grabbed off the
floor then the second time it worked I
wish we could do that so that she would
wait next to us instead of just trying
to run off out any time we take off
gradually so what we can do is throw the
treat know how to say wait and then go
for it hmm just bit more chilled it's
great to prolong obedient doggy one
everyone when I say anything to your
subscribers anything else know that well
sleep well
don't you get the video thumbs up
subscribe
one piece of advice that's a good one is
hi Zoey
we'll see you soon thank you for
watching
