I'm blamed oh yeah good morning
everybody
I've been downstairs without my
breakfast I said the dog just gone
through lots lots of work stuff I'd kind
of put it all off yesterday and I didn't
look at any of my emails because when
you're away for ten days there's a lot
of people that need answers
and so I woke up at 20 past 6:00 this
morning
and went downstairs and basically
started sorting out my life I'm trying
to get past their like post holiday
holiday so I've been doing that this
morning I am now gonna jump in the bath
because I have been doing all that with
no bra no makeup haven't brushed my hair
and I figured I needed a little bit of a
spruce up so I'm having a bath which I
haven't had in 10 days and let me tell
you I have missed bath time look I've
already run out of one of my bath lattes
but I don't I can't like bear to throw
the bottle away because I just love it
so much so I don't really know what to
do with that maybe I'll just make a
little collection of like empty bath
latte bottles but yeah I'm on to the
second one might have to use a bit of
this this is for blonde hair it's a
purple shampoo so it kind of I don't
know brings the blonde back I mean I
basically just hammer II been taking the
best care of my dyed hair because it's
been in like extreme Sun and it's also
been in the sea I might do a little hair
mask maybe or use that shampoo I'm also
gonna put a bar balm in and I figured
that you all like seeing which bath balm
I've chosen so I might go for this one I
don't know what this one is is
definitely a lush one let's see oh it's
one of those like slow fizzes okay well
that was really anticlimactic wasn't it
I'll let you know if it looks any
different smells good though I also have
two massive bags of PA box stuff which I
need to go through
oh let's see sneak peek 6 oh my god I
love this brand yes
2 tomatoes blemish clearing facial wipes
don't really use wipes but these are
pretty good you know always good for an
emergency anyway I need to stop I'm
getting carried away all there's loads
of things in there oh my goodness this
is just too exciting oh my god it's
bigger than I thought it was gonna be
Lonely Planet ultimate travels the 500
best place on the planet rank damn I
like bloody travel anxiety oh I love
getting things like that just because
it's like I really want to be able to
travel like a traveler pro but it's so
hard for me and actually after the
holiday I just had which wasn't all
plain sailing it may look it may have
looked enjoy or some Instagram but there
were definitely moments where I found it
quite difficult so I love getting things
like this because it just reminds me
that I suck at traveling it doesn't mean
I don't want to hey Nana
no it just mean I suck at it
but I'm not always gonna suck at it
that's why I told myself one day I'm
going to be ultimate traveler goals and
I'm going to make that flight to
Australia that literally seems like the
scariest thing in the world but when do
I'm gonna do it a bath bomb up day still
looks like that - fresh out the tub it's
actually quite warm today so I wanted to
kind of keep the summery theme up
obviously I'm really in the mood to wear
holiday type outfit but now I am going
to blow-dry my hair style it and do a
little bit of makeup while I was away my
skin really cleared up and now I've come
back it's gone quite spotty again so
goodness knows what's going on there
you
okay my hair is done that takes so long
I might have short hair but it doesn't
mean that there's not a lot of it things
like curling my hair styling my hair
always takes a really long time I feel
so much like I have that really ain't
like gross like Bev sweat on my top lip
it's very hot in here very very hot okay
now on to makeup
I feel like today my tan has gone I
don't know where it went but it just
feels less there all they might eat it
very white well how's that all about
maybe I do still have a tan I can't see
anymore I feel so much more fresh now
that's so much better
that was oh hello no this is like fine
little hallway I haven't been able to
come my hair in Mykonos because I don't
know whether my colours just didn't
really get hot enough or oh my god I can
feel the change in my air and I walk
down Alfie's ringing me I look like one
Oh Ilya yo I'm good how are you I've
somehow got stuck doing emails and
errands again which is that exact thing
that I said yesterday that I was gonna
try not to do but I'm still catching up
with oh my TV's turned on it's 101
dalmatians epic film excuse me Nala as I
said there was a lot of things I needed
to reply to after being away for 10 days
so now I've sent those off obviously
I've got all the responses back so I'm
trying to go through those just make
sure any urgent bits are done then I
kind of want some lunch but I don't know
what to have I might have like a little
mixture I quite want some pitted Hermus
tomatoes or maybe some carrot batons bit
of bread yeah I'm good I might do that
and then I need to edit my vlog from
yesterday which is gonna take me a while
because I filmed so much footage
yesterday I don't know how I'm gonna do
it but yeah let's start doing it because
the song take me a while
also I just have a thing I I got
something in my eyes okay Mel it's like
one word a bad thing I'm at Oh
oh there is oh my god that was so weird
oh it was like my hair just like glided
slide it glided over my eyeball yeah I
want to show you this throw this is
really close I think I'm zoomed in
because I hate how like Oh No
so I want to show you this throw I've
got it from anthropology before when
we're on holiday I just love it so much
let me just like step back and show you
properly look at it it is gorgeous God
not as little pig but yeah I just
I'm loving this at the mo it's very
pretty I love the like pink flowers this
side and it's also I mean it's not like
so thick I also love this side look how
pretty but this will be like amazing in
winter do you like it do you like it hmm
look what are your toys is here this is
a toy that squeaks silently well she can
hear it but humans can't hear it okay
I'll let you have that right I'm gonna
go and get some lunch
not you guys it's one of those days just
one of those days Carrie just came
upstairs and when you do no you just
added your therapist into that email
you've just sent I was like oops
definitely didn't mean to do that I've
just text her like hey I've just added
you into an email that will make
absolutely no sense to you sorry about
that
oh it's meant to add Alfie and I just
put a and her name begins with an A I
just but yeah I'll do and a deterrent so
she'll get that and be like whoa oh gosh
just I need to eat let's see let's do
that that's fun I've got me editing
snacks got my laptop just need to upload
the footage which is currently on this
card so I need to now take out look at
this pooch she's just like sat in my lap
you're an edit pup or sorry
you're reading in the way and I know
wakey-wakey we do it you missed mommy
didn't she's got the right idea I could
definitely do with a little nap right
about now oh my goodness gracious I have
just finished my edit and it's saving
now I think this could possibly be the
longest vlog I've ever uploaded in
history it's 42 minutes long so for any
of you that watched it yesterday uh I
apologize it was so long I definitely
don't want to make a habit of that
they're not all going to be 42 minutes
long from here on in it was just that I
wanted to do that kind of little chat in
the middle so I kind of mentioned that
in there but yeah that's a long vlog to
me a really long time to editor I've
done the thumbnail and now I just need
to set this to upload but we're actually
going out this evening which I'm really
really excited for so we need to leave
in 45 minutes
me and Carrie have arrived we are at the
Brighton cinema in matching black and
white stripe we basically come here this
evening to watch Mean Girls on the big
screen which I'm so excited about we
so for any of you that don't know what
the Brighton is it called big screen
yeah frankly it's a bright and big
screen it's essentially a big screen in
Brighton can you believe it
so we I think we've got bets thanks Don
there's pizza face and we're gonna watch
Mean Girls which is just the best film
ever and it's actually a really
beautiful day and I'm really excited
about it I think you are waiting for
your mum yes commander
it's Alfie annum I'm sure yeah nothing
that we're doing for nothing yeah look
at that
there's bunting everything that's fun
that's do you like what you're wearing
today though oh my god gorgeous there
Oh Oh get that shot put them back which
are pretty much water Daphne Oh lover
crop top is buku
lipstick color a lot Dumas color pop
beeper gorgeous
I leave any links to anything that I can
link for you in the description a
pollution a fish a fish
we found our fear and
we need to go under the railway
what a little lobster we
right
look at me
fufu
/ hugs over hug
guys we are going to be lying how funny
is that
and the screen is right there do you
live in brighton and hove we've got all
these beds to ourselves but with an
audience I kinda take my shoes off get
comfy oh is it sweet of salty no I just
go pit down like a seagull mate you know
yeah like no slush puppies is it good
I just like the little store and cup
phase in it
yeah
I'm Samantha guy you realize for
watching me girls
it's Wednesday I'm gonna take your top
off oh my god the seagulls are looking
for food
could you go fix your hair is she gonna
be look at this place sleeper yeah
there's no boxes so it's fine I mean I
don't know it's been really adventurous
and got myself a little margarita oh my
god
it's time
this is just incredible
we need to get home you don't want to
lean out I thought it was only girls
that got like stage fright when they
peed how long is your weed he's still
going
we had a really nice evening I am so
tired
unlike proper crashing I think it might
be something to do I was out of bed at
20 past 6:00 this morning but yeah we we
don't actually just because you washed
your hands that's like a primary school
trick another may come in here oh my
gosh you know we should do tonight what
such a good idea I don't know if you've
been sarcastic or not serious
that's what you ever do you actually
want to do you actually want to you
don't want to do get my hopes up like
that I didn't want a because you know
you're so mean what you mean I want to
watch out that's what we can do you
actually want to watch it yeah that's
what Jeff you said wha I'm gonna sneeze
no thank you
how what me off the bed well not for you
know how light it stays it's so light it
feels like it so 6:00 p.m. right now you
went so light it's so light me and Alfie
you're just gonna chill now we're gonna
romp we're not actually whether I meant
rompers in the dance move oh I thought
you meant like a romper suit a slunt
Americans call baby grows rompers yeah
that's what I'm gonna put on oh I'm just
like picturing you in a romper no no
Juan Perez the baby grade it's just a
onesie yeah I guess a we're gonna choose
a good romper this is what my hair was
like in 2006 this still pictures up
online you look like this
this was my myspace pic wait this was my
myspace pic just add a lot more beads
wait it was more bigger it was more
bigger it was bigger than that it was
like this and it was from above like
that that was on myspace back in the
myspace days did you even have myspace
you probably didn't did you
you were probably a b-bow Oh Steve oh
baby oh those evil eyes
a speech will be Bo Peep sauce please
peeps I mean I'm not that much older
than you by anyways always be I am gonna
end my vlog here because we're gonna
chill watch elf and I'm actually
contemplating whether or not I would
like a wagon mama even though we had
pizza at the thing I feel that was such
a long time ago now and I'm actually
quite hungry so I'm gonna go and take
off my makeup
get into bed hello and go to sleep so I
hope you've enjoyed this vlog I hope you
have had a really lovely week so far let
me know in the comments one great thing
that's happened so far this week what
one great thing has happened to you so
far this week get a mats castle
yeah was there something specific you
would you like my hand tripod the one
thing this is this his was our thief and
currently looks like me Karen Han tripod
anyway say goodbye goodbye goodbye it's
still working
is that how you hold your camera no no
bye guys love ya
