good morning everybody I thought I would
vlog today because there's quite a few
exciting things going on but I have a
meeting now I'm going with Carrie and
Maddy carried got some secret things in
the bag we don't know what they are and
we are also after the meeting because it
is a SOG product meeting after the
meeting we are going to go down to
superdrug and actually see the Sweet
Inspirations range on the shelf which I
haven't actually been able to do yet and
they've been in stores since Monday so
we're gonna go and do that just for I'd
bring you along with me today because
why not all right I love your jacket
where's it from
no Laurel okay let me grab my bag and
probably keys let's go
after being stuck in what felt like the
world's worst traffic for about 20 to 25
minutes we are finally at the meeting
and there are so many exciting things on
the day we run a bit reaching in and
finish so we have come into the crackery
which I have been in before multiple
times and we have gone a foursome what
are they called when I not smooth breath
I've gone for the Italian
gotta go there cream v bus bus latte and
the little are cute and lip guys the
body fondant and actually it looks like
that is quite popular and then the bag
looking's right by the door look what
else they've got look some last bits of
tutti frutti have to say this is still
one of my favorite uh bag small I love
this it's like a proper little zone
understand the SL G girls are like
tidying up all the shelves it's so funny
rearranging the Shelf envelope
consistent bloggers it's the next day
now but straight hair I don't really
ever straighten my hair anymore it feels
quite weird but I kind of like it just
it's a lot quicker than curling
basically me and Kerry are working in
the office today on various things I'm
kind of too scared to turn my camera
because there's a lot of stuff going on
in here that is confidential for at
least another like six months where can
I put the camera apparently signing lots
of zoella beauty product gnarley' do you
mind
so we're just doing some bits and pieces
in the office
ain't that right what's that oh I
haven't ordered anything else curiouser
a special delivery has arrived which I
did not order okay well
sometimes you write this long
unrealistic to-do list and I think it's
good to sometimes tell yourself that is
okay to only tick off one or two things
on your never-ending to-do list because
today so far all I've done is take off
like one no two things I'm feeling
really bad about it but possibly my to
do this with a little adventurous last
time we I taught myself anyway look at
this little Poochie who sleeps on this
all day in the Sun you love it don't you
I quit knowing okay so another hobby to
eat meats now what are you doing there
curry picking my favorite to find my
favorite sweets various products I'm
gonna go with Instagram what do you
think it's gonna be I just said to
Carrie how is that a quiz like what you
pick a social media and that's what your
sweet inspiration is baby Wow like is
Instagram really creamy maybe maybe it's
full of cream
either way you carry on playing but now
I keep saying I'm gonna do a proper
office tour when it's all kind of
finished and put together but I've just
rearranged one is there one a beauty
shelf I think it would probably be
better if it had an actual like middle
shelf in it so I could put things in but
look how cute we've got all the
different collections in there now I
know
guess what go carry for Internet I was
just gonna say that the book club went
live yesterday and it has had the most
amazing response ever which makes me so
happy there's so many of you that are
saying I bought the eighth book bundle
and I can't wait to read them over
summer and yeah so exciting and so many
of you that have already read quite a
lot of the books I recommended and you
also love them too and all the authors
that I obviously put their books in the
book club they're all really really
pleased and yeah great response
everyone loves reading which is great
and now there's lots more books for you
to read so if you don't actually know
what video I'm talking about I'll leave
it in the description box but yeah I'm
really really happy with the response
you're all loving it so far
okay so I sided oh I'm watching a light
simmer bloody love life simmer Cristina
so I decided not today I mean it's
something I've definitely put off for
months and months and months too long
definitely too long to sort out my
clothes and my wardrobe
so yesterday myself and poppy went to
Amanda's and we helped her sort hers out
we're just trying to have a massive
clear up before we go on holiday and I
think it's really good to do this at
least like four times a year because
obviously as the seasons change you know
you wear things and then actually if
that season came back round again twelve
months later would you then wear that
again that is the question I am gonna be
asking myself trying to sort out my
wardrobe I don't know if I've ever
really shown you my wardrobe in here but
I'm currently emptying everything so all
of this is gone all of these are empty
it's just a full of pin Mayer like look
at this it has no rhyme or reason
there's coats with skirts and dresses
and it's all too compact and there's too
much I have too many clothes buying
clothes is like it's fun I like to do it
I'm not going to excuse it because I
enjoy buying clothes and people buy
clothes I definitely buy more than the
average and more than I need and so it
accumulates quite rapidly and it's
important that I do this and sort
through it all and get rid of things
that I don't think I will wear anymore
or that maybe don't even suit me which
is why it's useful to have someone round
so if you're planning on doing
I hope this video maybe inspires you to
sort out your wardrobe if you haven't
read what's it called the life-changing
magic of tidying I would strongly
suggest you read that or I think she's
just brought out a new one which is kind
of more visual and that's something
about sparking joy I've got it
downstairs but because I read the
original I haven't read the spark joy
one but I would really recommend you
read that it definitely gave me the
boost I needed last time I did this and
now I've basically just left it too long
so I need to do it again I just said to
Carrie I think I would really like to
watch someone like clearing out their
wardrobe because I find stuff like that
really interesting but also I'm gonna be
really ruthless and twenty of you
wondering I am going to donate clothes
to charities and I'm actually
contemplating keeping a few of the like
key items so maybe like the dress I wore
for my product launch and obeying them
for auction I don't know if any of you
would even buy them but because they are
a little bit more special I feel like we
could raise money together for a charity
so I'm kind of I'm wondering if I can do
that and how that's gonna work so I'm
going to keep the special things that I
don't want anymore or just things I'm
never gonna wear again I come probably
not gonna wear that dress again but I
would love for somebody else to feel
special in it I also donate to women's
shelters homeless shelters etc etc
because obviously that's really really
important why don't you do this with me
go and grow a black bag empty out your
cupboards empty out your wardrobe and
keep the things you love try not to be
too sentimental that's one thing that's
my one piece of advice I would give you
is try not to be too sentimental about
things if you're not gonna wear it again
it's literally taking the place of
something you're gonna wear and love and
you don't need to keep it
having said that really sentimental
things obviously keep but maybe just
keep somewhere else I don't know I'm
just making up rules as I go now Oh
wardrobe can I quite like this I should
have just put it down my arm just ached
so much doing that the only problem I
have
like my briefs coming up do excuse me
the only problem I have is that I can't
reach things because the pole is too
high how cool is this jacket I got this
for being in the YouTube rewind video
like that is something I don't know when
I'm gonna wear but there's no way I'm
getting rid of this because I just love
it so much
this is kind of like a what's in my
wardrobe video maybe I should do one of
those ha no woman needs this many hats
unless they like hats hats ha ok this is
the good thing about carrying out your
wardrobe is you find things you're like
oh my god I do not know why that was
great advice I have so many pairs of
jeans one black pair of jeans is
probably fine Zoe maybe to out push if
the other ones are in the wash but you
certainly don't need Christmas pajama
bottoms
yeah oh he remembers this I freaking
love this dress
oh that's pretty you know these people
that have a capsule wardrobe
how how how is that a thing like I do
not have the skill or ability to have a
capsule wardrobe many of you don't know
what capsule wardrobe is google it I
think it's when someone literally has
like is it 30 something items in their
wardrobe and that's air and like
everything kind of goes with everything
I definitely see the plus side of having
a capsule wardrobe but I just don't know
how I could ever do that also I feel
like the problem with having a bigger
wardrobe it is that you feel like you
can fill it like you're like oh I've got
space for that oh yeah that will fit
there is before I moved even before I
moved into this house my house before
had like one wardrobe you might have
seen it in some of my old looks I'm
gonna insert a little clip now the
Wardrobe is almost actually sorted
and that was pretty spacious then coming
into this house this like room is
actually a lot bigger so I collected
more items when I lived at my dad's
house I had like one skinny wardrobe and
a chest of drawers and I was really good
at clearing out my place
who remembers this jacket I pretty much
wore it like the entirety of 2013 my DS
just got back and she said the alphabat
we 12 flavors of ice cream for my
favorite ice cream please that is
exciting
oh my god which one's did he pick which
one did you have with again no work so
that's a Nutella
carrot cake okay well fine baby put that
in the freezer alcoholic that you can
take it away like that want to get your
reaction okay just sorting out my
wardrobe okay this is like freaking me
out a little bit I'm not I'm not I'm not
I'm keeping that memories you know I
hope you wanted to get rid of it and I
was like no I want it yeah oh yeah it
goes carries on poppy in a manner of
rice
go on in another store and the coats
were long last you know he had one bed
full I know
yeah
okay it is now time to start putting all
the things I've decided to keep back in
my wardrobe papi and Amanda had to go
because they have things scheduled for
this evening
so I finished off the last little bit on
my own I think I've done all right I'm
quite pleased okay we have some order
summary things long skirts jumpsuits
jump addresses bomber jackets cash
jackets coats wintery jacket jumpers
shirts little summer tops short
dungarees and play suits and dungaree
dresses at pinafores dungarees skirts
special dresses and my really cool
YouTube rewind and I think that's Alfie
soup there so yeah there we go
it's so much better and then I have
these all sorted so I've got pajamas in
here swimwear in here I think that bras
socks and tights and gloves workout wear
which I mean I don't work out so socks
and hats and like casual clothes so like
casual t-shirts and joggers and also
loads of like my Christmas pajama
bottoms it's so much better
oh and Poppy's back now yeah the boys
are on their way but I thought I would
just show you
how many bags of things I've got rid of
so there are this many bags going to
charity like can you actually believe
how many bags are here and they're huge
they're not like normal black bin liners
they're like the outside ones that how
did I have all this in my wardrobe it is
literally crazy there's one two three
four five six seven eight nine this
one's kind of not really full but nine
bin bags nine green outdoor bin bash I
was very ruthless wasn't I good yeah
I just really hope you know when you get
rid of stuff and then you're like I hope
in three months I don't go where's that
top I'm like I knew like look for
something specific yeah there was a lot
of things I hadn't worn in so long yeah
also I said it seemed to over this
evening developed a spot in the middle
of my lip and that is the most painful
place to get a spot but yeah I'm super
happy and I mean it's taken me what's
the time now
it's making me five hours so yeah that's
long and I haven't sat down or eaten
anything or had a drink not recommend it
definitely have snacks and have fluids
while you're tidying out your wardrobe
this looks like carrot cake he's not try
carrot cake don't write any of it oh my
god oh this is not Mohito I've got my
left hand my god it looks a bit like
mashed potato a flat parsley in it no no
but eat it that much thank you know
everything like that
that's better than some mojitos I've
actually definitely okay gonna pronounce
what's this one I want to say I wanna
say Crosby cheesecake that's like rather
a riff all right that's falling my
favorite one I've ever had perhaps and
then you just swallow double um I didn't
carry this it's contaminated carrot cake
yeah yeah Wow Wow it just gets better
back down
