good morning everybody I am going to be
vlogging today Alfie just reminded me he
was like you should be vlogging this
weekend and I was like oh my god I
should pyrius not feeling very well
today are you it's not too great but
I've made you porridge and I've made you
take tablet lots of warm food I want to
get some water and lemon as well germy
to make your water lemon I lemons and
moldy shall I make you a lemon and honey
tea that would be really good for you do
then yeah lemon and honey tea I need to
decide get on I need to have a shower
and he's like freshen up I just don't
feel good you know when you like about
me oh I let you twenty two days ago same
way no we couldn't find that I felt like
this though I felt like I was gonna be
ill but then instead I got a cold sore
and that always happens with me it's
like I feel all the symptoms like I'm
gonna get ill my throat feels scratchy
I'm a bit snotty and then it goes and I
get a cold sore instead two days ago you
know when you feel weak and cold lit you
like you're about to get ill that's how
I feel right now in our mill do you not
wish that you would get a cold sore
instead like me like look everything
right now it's so weird it's almost like
my body decides if it wants to get fully
blown ill or get a cold sore instead
that's always what happens and I got a
cold sore I have I have I have before
had like three cold sores all on my
bottom lip and they're never on my top
leg were always awesome yeah all along
my bottom on my bottom lip
but yeah album never gets cold sores he
just gets ill instead it's probably not
how it works but that's always what I
tell myself it's almost like it is
almost like I'm about to get ill and
then boom there's a cold sore instead
and then I don't actually get ill Tania
and Jim are coming this weekend we have
had this scheduled for a while because
we're always so busy
and we went to stay with them was it
last month I feel like it was last month
and that was so lovely and so they're
coming here now because it's like we try
and take it in turns
um so Nala is gonna be playing with
Martha Knoll are you excited to see
Martha the
so we've had to kind of master proof
because Martha has a snout and I forget
that dogs with a snout can do so much
more than Nala with no snout
so all these toys will be out of this
basket and they will be all over the
floor she will try as hard as she can to
get the guinea pigs out of the pen
even though she won't be able to but
it's quite scary how much I think if she
could get into their cage we would never
see the guinea pigs again would we know
that we've put this up for them to sleep
in if they need to and I have done what
I did when Mark came to stay which is
put out lots of fresh towels and I've
basically made it Hotel esque which I'm
sure they will really appreciate let me
show you so we've got clean sheets clean
towels I've put Tanya and Jim and we've
got bottle of water I put two galaxies
out because I just thought you know it's
nice to have choice also put some more
of these out and I also added some deep
sleep pillow spray because I don't know
I just figured that's a nice nice little
thing in case they can't sleep I don't
know what we're gonna do today but it's
a really lovely day I'm even wearing a
dress today guys it's like a maxi MIDI
type thing so I think what we're going
to do is go to the Brighton Food
Festival which happens down at home
lawns there's normally some really great
food down there they do the best churros
I've ever had in my entire life so
hopefully that is on and we can go and
do that but I will keep you updated as
always let Kayla wear
okay so we're going to the festival now
to get some old school king camper I
know he's like walk around and into
psych
I'm going to carry on walking into these
bins how cute smells like summer oh yeah
oh that's too much this team - baby I'm
so overwhelmed and a bit do you know
what flavors you want to use five each
we've got our marshmallows I think we
made some great choices yeah I think we
respected well time did you come didn't
tell me off because I made a decision
for time I think so they just take so
good yeah they're really good but I just
like to say that she went before a small
just so that she could fit in other
things because she was like 20 to 22 I
was just saying um because I rather lick
my thumb and you know be so great
everyone knows you're going to do it now
anyway he has pretty bad ulcers and I
said I used to get them every for
stressed or anxious uh yeah I don't know
just grown up in the last year yeah
maybe that way
call of action you two cheese go go go
cheese
we're gonna go calamari guys get them
Curie's as well okay we'll meet you Joe
we're getting too
now back and is raining I know it's
raining so much what was your favorite
thing to eat
I wanted that chicken I told you your
favorite was this one his time cuz we're
so cold here it's like rainy and cold
outside you just want to make a little
bass so that's what we're gonna do
let me show you your room yeah I can you
puppy
Nullah what you doing you know home
Oliver and then you've got yet you've
got your little display turns picks this
do you want to do the honor
oh yeah possibly I am and we get
coughing yes we buried something at
cause we're now trying some of the
marshmallows I'm going to try a coconut
oh my god the Midlands is so good
do you like coconut not really what to
do in order to go it's funny it's like
Martha's a secret naughty one but none
of the obvious but now I was like
obviously Northey but not as she's more
like sneaky massively sneaking you're
like just a bit stupid ugly all right
no ask me we're gonna go to weight
choice and go shopping Martha jump on
this table
yeah look at Jim snapchatting you didn't
like the marshmallows than Jim know this
point go a bit what do you not chat Jim
what's your thing just on your back
mine's official zoella I feel like I
just need to have just so Euler
yeah people see you know although it is
funny when people like in the industry
that way I'm like people actually think
my full name is zoella oh that's fine I
do that all the time I think a lot of
people feel like my full name is zoella
yeah but it's not it's actually not no I
feel like it could be a name I don't
know anyone I won't know the kids
of you I wonder there's a Bollywood
actress called zoella what about you in
five years I don't know if you've got a
baby called Sawalha let me know I'm
gonna make a baby for some other
oye with on your belly button Fleur yeah
I don't have anybody classically now
tuning I never get any because mine
doesn't really stick in that much just
the TV
you know we the TV I mean it's
now time for us to go food shopping I'm
very excited about my little like cold
sore on my lip I didn't even notice that
did you know I'm told now you put our
exam why don't notice earlier don't know
I'd lipstick on and I had to concealer
on the boys are in the Aston Martin
which Jim is borrowing for the weekend
which yeah very Swiss so crazy like we
have I've never been in the cars it's my
 I've never been the cars it has a
refill other than your first Vinny oh do
you like it yeah I love everything cold
you have to be cold I would love to have
a convertible car one day I love having
a son convinced
I love it I love having a convertible so
me and Tana going in the mini we're all
going on a trip to Waitrose in different
cars yeah as you do can you hear them
right there yeah Jim is just going to
show off so much time we can do it
actually in London yeah we always folks
about don't we yeah we always have a
little wait Trish I'm not sponsored by
waitress what are you doing I am so sad
well why don't you make Tanja and Jim
and Alfie the cocktails or no tell that
I made remark this round
there's no and there's no line so I can
only assume that everyone is making the
hitos today literally what is going on
tonight I'm scared of you of what you're
throwing them at me look at him showing
off can you juggle
oh here you go guys you got we hot pot
with a bit of LC got me on there and
shout team Internet or apparently my
bedroom makeover tips on at Tanya on
here to gossip with YouTube star Tanya
burr funny well my little princesses we
put a little pee pad in there because
Martha moves gets a little bit P happy
in my turn we have been cooking up a
storm well heating up a storm in the
kitchen so we've got this this is
actually a prank that my mum bought me
and Alfie for Christmas and this is the
birth and we've got to use it but look
how good it live we've got them right
fresh out the oven bun hummer carrot
cucumber camembert Mortimer we've got
some brighter tomorrow
we've got mozzarella spinach and bough
stomach another camembert that is very
hot the tomato and red pepper salsa and
some more bread and our sweet mason
cooker do you want I think quinoa know
this cuz all quinoa one of the other one
is la an azure system red pepper and
Hammer and Alfie is also made some
salmon so we've got a nice mixture of
stuff and I am so hungry so I'm very
excited to eat mine it's called
nine yeah we get that
imagine we've been out in a restaurant
yeah that's the sort of time you'd eat
if you went out in a restaurant I'm
really excited to eat this Oh what are
you going to tuck into that beef were
Tom Skerritt these were mine she likes a
defeater vinegar and she said no you
said some pretty earth yeah what'd you
think
and the food is almost gone you can I
didn't know that what is that Ryan Ryan
you can eat I just couldn't like the
cheese again the boys look like defeated
yeah hey so much cheese kid get inside
lucky you get some extra Betty oh yeah
that went down very well
I am so full but like nice full I don't
feel like uncomfortable for the boys of
Jurassic world on is that what it is um
how he's really getting into it
now I'm gonna ruin Italy they will die
in the end
really know what happens
Oh spoilers right boys time to clear
away before the dogs are allowed back in
I put these in weight yes I did try to
caramel or the actually if you see these
in the supermarket try them there's no
no these are for me no she's like my
little furry little baby she must be so
comfy if she was wrapped up she would
literally look like that
