good morning good morning what is my
hands doing my hands have like minds of
their own there's a clip in Alfie's yoga
video it's the bit where I'm like you're
wearing me like a backpack and my hand
is like it makes me laugh out loud every
time I see it like I just don't have any
control of my hands and what a great
start to my vlog today I am wearing a
pink clip today and it is this which is
the NYX soft matte lip cream in the
shade Sydney which is what I picked up
yesterday in boots I have never tried
these however I was most excited by the
counter because they had so much stuff
and I feel like for a really long time
these um excuse me I feel like for a
really long time these weren't available
in the UK to find poppy so I was so
excited when I saw these and I really
liked it on it doesn't really feel like
a liquid lipstick which feels I would
say a little bit heavier on the lips
this feels kind of light and it's not
like a super vibrant um I don't want to
say consistency it's not super vibrant
and thick but it's so nice like they
feel really like I don't know they do
that a little bit drying so don't think
that these aren't writing I mean most
matte lip products are a bit drying
anyway but I just really like it I feel
like it looks like it's actually my lips
so I am gonna have to go back and look
at some more shades of those they also
smell and taste amazing
today I have Marc coming to stay which
I'm so excited about I haven't seen him
in like two weeks it's been two weeks I
can't remember we normally see each
other quite regularly so it feels like I
haven't seen him as regularly and I need
to edit videos I've been having like a
mammoth like
luring up session this morning basically
just tidying and putting things away
that I haven't put away so I've been
getting his bedroom ready let me show
you these this little thing I've done I
sometimes forget to do this but I have
done this for like multiple friends have
come to stay before I've done this for
Louise too but I like tidied the room
we've got a fresh towel and a flannel we
don't know why it made it like a beak
quite like a fresh towel and a flannel
I've put his little Diablo sign back and
I always leave a pair of headphones on a
bed only because you know when you go
and stay at someone's house and you
wanna and you like go up to bed but you
want to watch something and you're like
damn it I forgot headphones or I don't
wear my headphones are I leave these
here so people can still watch YouTube
or like listen to music but it's like
not like being really loud when you're
trying to be really quiet so got
headphones got this little candle from
Urban Outfitters my little grassy thing
and then over here now this is what I
was like had a lot of fun doing this
morning
I've got mark a card for hitting 200,000
subscribers and then I've got a fresh
bottle of water because he normally
brings his own but we actually have some
right now and then I've got some like
little things like hand sanitizer lip
balm dry shampoo hairspray and I know he
loves his hairspray and then some little
tip taps back there then we've got a
banana for a snack a little eye mask
a.k.a like an apple charger and some
chocolate I think this is the one he
said he liked the last time we tried
these and a twirl and then some slightly
healthier options we've got Clif Bar
Chopra almond fudge and a I Doudna a
baobab with pineapple and almonds fruit
bar I love those so that's there for him
to use at his leisure and obviously
consumed and then I've just got a little
candle
and some fake flowers and it's just
still nice and tidy
just looks good ow I just walked into
the wall guys yes look at this sleepy
pooch
she's just been following me around all
day like please just stop so I can sleep
because she likes to follow me places
and because I've been walking around the
whole house she's just kind of given up
every now and then and just slept
wherever on the floor I'm now in my
office and I am about to edit I have got
myself a little snack this is the bounce
energy ball with coconut and macadamia
protein lifts this is the only one I
like because I'm obsessed with coconut
let's get editing or you can like see
some of my office right now don't mind
that that's just a magazine rack full of
magazines I've been on the front cover
of sounds really vain and it wasn't my
idea it was actually a gift some gleams
but yeah we've done some cool front
cover shoots that I'm very pleased with
so I just have that there as a little I
guess reminder I don't know but I like
it I'm also trying to fill this up it
was like an opportunity I am gonna do an
opportunist it's not ready yet like I
need to hang things up and but I'm gonna
fill this with things I've got the Wi-Fi
password or Quinn's hashtag girlboss eat
sleep blog repeat repeat repeat and
love-struck means being hit in your
hearts by the emotion of love which is a
little quote from that online so that is
my office sneak peek slight problem
didn't actually get to edit my videos
because alfea's mum and dad popped in
and we had a little capture and I showed
them some new exciting things that I
also showed poppy and before I know it
the times gone and Mark is gonna be here
any second so at some point today I am
gonna have to edit
I hope Mark doesn't mind to be fair we
just chill on laptops sometimes too we
don't just we don't always just run a
riot run
I run riot what I am gonna do though is
cook us like a late lunch of camembert
and crusty bread because it's delicious
I actually bought a camembert Baker like
a little pot that you can bake Cambron
but it's huge and the camembert is this
size so I mean I think I can still put
it in yeah let's just let's still put it
in but maybe I need to go to like a
proper like deli or like a cheese monger
and buy some like big old come back a
little bit of honey on the top nice
little drizzle that's well off honey God
bit carried away with the honey but
there we go then I'm gonna pop the
little lid on pop in the fridge in the
fridge in the other
if bread smells incredible I wish you
had smell-o-vision right now oh my god I
just love crusty bread I just text mark
saying are you almost here because the
cheese is ready so I just turned the
oven off so it stays warm and he said
sure I'm I'm just in pets at home could
be there
oh he spoils you doesn't he always
buying new trees naughty boy mark yeah
she always goes to his bag to look for
treats the same bag have you tried like
Gigi yeah I look geez I've had
absolutely you can Lachi these are the
finished drinks we've got mint we've got
light Chi crushed ice and lime juice and
a bit of sprite so you try yours let me
know what you think I just kind of made
it up is it good good
yeah this is nice
can you see yep I'm really happy with it
Oh
like a summer's day in a cup
let's get in there well okay but I might
turning this up I don't know sorry
Oh Mark's trying the camembert that's
gonna burn my mouth off in there mmm
potentially potentially yes Oh guys this
thing worked so well this little pot oh
my god that is beautiful yeah how could
do that where you are I am showing mark
up to his bedroom the one who stays at
every time but it's just I've put a
little have come from in here so you've
got bad dry shampoo a bit hairspray my
favorite shampoo my favorite hairspray I
know and then you've got some healthier
snacks some more unhealthy snacks a
banana a little athlete mark in step
okay stick bottle of water
hand sanitizer and a natural lip balm
you know me so well yeah it's a little
card read it read it I'll do the
snapchat the closer the French
congratulations on hitting 200,000
subscribers you deserve all this success
and recognition smiley face I'm so
grateful to have someone oh no someone
is amazing kind and compassionate as you
in my life I'm so underlined glad that
you tweet me your video multiple times
and same day three I'm so glad you tweet
me your video multiple times because now
I have a friend forever to shave more
side-splitting memories with here's to
the next 200,000 am anymore
and Zoe adventures love you sorry I love
that card I was like that it's so like
ah yeah that's the case so because mark
stayed here the most out of anyone I
even went out will have got a toothpaste
that I thought you would really like
it's just the one that she was not I
think so yeah I love that too oh yes the
best toothpaste that we go
even the toothpaste and I put my um you
know Diablo Diablo yeah even a wall so
now I'm already crying of laughter I
turned around like you all right and he
said reenact I found a boo-boo it's like
it's trying to get out you do know now
forever when I'm in his dictionary looks
down on that floor I'm just gonna think
of the baboon I was just over there
making mark his third drink
I was like another drink you it yeah I'm
started adding and a teaspoon and a half
of Demerara sugar probably is a bit much
actually I don't know it's a fairly lot
my is not a fairly large drink I mean
maybe I should be putting sugar in it's
not the healthiest but I just put a
little bit in and mix it all in because
I once had a mojito at an event and it
had brown sugar in it and oh my god it
was so good so I've added a bit of that
in I don't even know if that's the right
sugar but Mark said it tastes good so I
don't know you know who would be the
perfect person to ask that question to
my brother
I just feel like he can draw everything
like he would immediately know whatever
boom looks like Mark are off to the
cinema we are going to watch friend
requests I've got my glasses on which
are like eight times to makes my head by
quite like them it makes me feel like
I'm from like two lists or something I
like it yeah I'm also just terrified
mark and even terrified me and I thought
this is gonna be a reoccurring thing
victory does different word entities
that's what I mean like very clueless
yeah 80s but you know what I look like I
look like a freaking character in Katy
Perry's if it lasts pretty no no Tina
I look like a Katy Perry character I
don't know what you want yeah it's just
fun to party one last time things can
kiss on either shots two too many shots
but they're bad
you know there we go help me get help me
ass bitches slim roofs down
yeah
oh my god yeah sure enough getting up
and walking around yeah laughing I give
it the 32.5 yeah yeah because it wasn't
like it wasn't something I've never seen
before but it was really good yeah there
was some quite predict
yeah yeah yeah I know what I was
thinking of something old like a 90s leg
Marxian huh okay was it look how magical
it is magic no she's getting banana oh
this is making the lighting on my camera
flip out this is my cozy attire this
says whatever I'm having cheese fries
Mean Girls quite a shot
yeah well it's a place shot Oh with like
yeah oh my god I used to love that
playing shop I'm playing mummies and
daddies was my favorite well you go I'll
be the mommy
you be the daddy you be the baby oh when
you play I was always the mummy I was
the second cousin once removed when we
play great great great great great great
great great great great grandmother
you've decided three maybe two sets of
anyway like might that's gonna find
something
I have for sure over film today I always
over film remember where like when you
left once and I started out with dog
yeah it was like sorry yeah yes mark
yeah I've just made us a little button
something I made what I made for myself
the other day which is her most halloumi
red pepper and spinach and balsamic
vinegar and I've also looked at I can't
make that weekend and I've made some
more of a little drink come up with a
name for I know how's that good this is
to emotions Got Talent gets me every
time
it is creeps up on ya she was amazing so
enjoy she was so bad
oh my god you're right you're right just
made these little well I heat is the
mini pancakes and melted some chocolate
going back I told you I didn't even
think I was like she's not gonna
scavenge it downstairs now you will
never be able to jump me again is your
bed look I just sat there are you doing
I am gonna go to keep now I am super
tired so I was the see you again thanks
for watching yeah
