good morning everybody I have actually
been awake since about 10 past 7:00
and it's Saturday I'm still reading lots
for the WH Smith book club so I really
got into a book last night not gonna say
which one cuz you have to wait until I
talk about all of the different books
all together in a video and then I came
downstairs and did Nala gave her her
breakfast gave the guinea pigs a
breakfast and also made myself a massive
epic smoothie I am actually going to
Anna and Jonathan's today I know a lot
of you may have already seen Anna and
Jonathan's video where they basically
said oh I don't know I don't wanna give
it away if you haven't seen it yet if
you haven't seen it yet go over and
watch it now you can come back to the
video I don't want to spoil it for
anyone but I feel like it's like no news
but Anna and Jonathan are having another
baby and I am so excited
Jonathan rang me up and he was like so
with the new king of the dog I was like
no you're not you're having another baby
and I'm like so excited and so happy for
them so I've gone out and got them a
little gift now I felt like they
probably would have received a lot of
flowers over the last couple of days so
I want to do something a little bit
different and I basically put together a
little bag of goodies for Anna and
Jonathan rather than for the baby
because I don't know I feel like it's
like too early to buy for the baby yet
I'm not sure I don't know the etiquette
around gifting um but I wanted to get
flowers just to say congratulations and
so I thought sure we getting so many
flowers she might not be will soon find
out but um I bought a lot of cute little
bits and pieces just for Anna and
Jonathan so I will let Anna open that so
you can see that with Eduardo's birthday
recently as well so we have all of his
birthday presents and Anna and Jonathan
have been in New York and me now if you
have been busy so we haven't managed to
see them so I am gonna go over and give
them all these gifts I'm literally like
Santa in April and our feed today is
going to be spending time with his
friends Jay and
so I don't know what he's got planned
for today but that is what I'm doing
gonna have fun today what are you doing
probably not right so you're single yeah
and once you like you're doing it wrong
I'm not trying to like balance down
double with that done okay yay yeah
Nullah Oh a bit of guinea pig sawdust
get it yeah I can't save you from here
do they give me a big cage oh no I can't
do that oh you've got shoes on there's
one yeah
not double yeah yeah dar nearly by the
way if any of you are wondering what is
on my lips it's the word about beauty
that I kind of raved about a couple of
months ago if you go back on to one of
my favorite videos you'll see it I can't
remember the name I feel like it's what
a fake or something I've got that on my
lips I also have my all think leather
jacket on and this dress is by lazy oath
because you guys know how much I am
obsessed as lazy oath and it's like I
don't know how do I can you just hold
this like this - oh yeah I am about to
set off but before I do because I can
bluetooth listen to songs I want to pick
a really good playlist on Spotify so I'm
having a little look there are a lot of
really great playlists at the moment
which I am loving one of which is one
called throwback Thursday
every Thursday they have throwback
Thursday playlist and they're normally
my favorite because they've have things
like busted and like just some really
good really good old classics okay
I feel like cheesy hit might be a good
shout I'm gonna go cheesy hits okay well
the first thing on there is fait la vie
by bewitched and then after that its
mysterious girl then it's busted year
then teenage dirtbag by wheatus this is
my road trip playlist for today for sure
let me just see if it's
get jiggy with it oh my god
class I need to go but just know I will
be enjoying in these two you give me
that special feeling boy okay I'm not
waving at you even though here birthday
present they're just some little thing
I'm glad you like their me but the more
I was like this was like a little token
gift no interested in the other sounds
are we open it okay well I'm sure it
wide I will share them with me hurry do
you know what these are their face pain
so you can put them on Daddy's face oh
I'm not sure about that
Emelia him it's for you there's
something for you and there's some bits
in there that's fine
okay let me explain it's for you to keep
all your little snacks in so that if you
got hungry you can keep in your I don't
know it's like yes yes so if you're out
and about and you get peckish because I
genuinely do do anyway oh it's got
little sections yeah
but Anna's I I'm oh yeah I thought in
case you get tired MP that's for you
Anna deep sleep bath so lavender sauce
yeah so that you can sleep that for you
oh yeah yeah yeah put it on now but
under eyes it's like the nicest thing
ever if you never tried it I yes Frank
you've ever done it's like chilli powder
no I promise when you're tired and you
you know when you're I feel like someone
is having a very trial exactly I was
I was under your eye yeah coming out
yeah yeah it's like on the end like
cools your eyes yeah you could use that
in the next year thank you
okay that's really nice Jonathan has
made me a special bagel if he surprises
back guys
yeah yeah it's got ketchup
it's like cheese bit chicken almost a
moldy ham oh oh that was very place it
was grey and a bit blue it was the blue
it was cool
do you think this is okay I was like
get with me no orderi never rescue a
biscuit me challenge video the most gone
off dude I think I think it would be
yeah
what's as big as a raspberry what's the
mommy's mommy no there's a baby and is
it a boy or a girl
yeah are you gonna change the nappies
there you go I got it in a video if you
say they'll help you change the dirt
guys excuse me Amelia hello your house
okay I won't charge you rent yet then
night-night
thug life is their biggest Batman boo
girl yucky
and maybe a nose with it and maybe some
hair woody
what color is your beau remember just
one of my favorite colors it's like a
rose gold pink pink yeah that'll do
Karen Jonathan have the best jar of
treats I have ever seen what's your
favorite well this is the kids jar
background Baker you guys double there
is the chance
oh no you're her brother sister twin so
if you had your grandmother had a girl
boy ten months later and then five years
in between well yeah which is very
similar to our situation
place your bets now have you like
mentally prepared for that Amelia
oh hi let me see your lipstick you look
so cute kind of reminds me you know in
et when they put you to you
in all the big clothes is that jacket a
bit big for you we can the fire the
racks acting looks like you actually
what are you doing
show me your eyes I think what she's
trying to do what I was doing
watch my finger look I think that
Jonathan watch my finger keep watching
the finger keep watching the finger keep
watching the finger so far unless you
can't watch anyway just tipping a bag of
ice okay ready
keep watching keep watching okay this is
very get soaked
oh so we've been on doing it wrong you
actually turn the bottle No
yes okay
now how are you gonna lift that photo I
just like the noise yeah so Anna have a
limited amount of icing yeah oh they
look good no no I thought Oh give me an
M give me an I give me an L give me an I
give me an A then you've got to garden
with your pom-pom huh Kate's decorating
times out here it's like one for the
cake one for me one for the cake balls
do you think I can't see you or
something you got some sort of euphoria
here no yeah that's too much better
sorry
I think we're done ah
they do look you yeah they did it really
good
so it's doing a quick signing okay the
toddler demographic this is my youngest
huh
okay so am i doing this to you or you
and in wadu'
sorry guys this is not your birth
anymore
you just have to personalize pillows
that this will go well it is yeah it's
like how huge reading the first pages
like how to survive what does it say
what's it say immediate look you just
signed copy what does it say
there's Amelia and Eduardo I hope one
day when you can read you enjoy this
book I love you both lot no Ella Zoey oh
and you'd find it too that's just as
important perfect I mean Amelia's book
is going to be girl raised online amelia
gives the best cuddles thank you we've
got pizza what's wrong you're like we
know that you like it Tommy knows what
okay why are you gonna drive us home
what's your favorite song what's your
favorite song
what TV
what's our use on TV carrying bellies on
TV do they wonder what it'd look you see
what's on TV did you see yourself
let's get another out thirsty work being
that excited Nullah
since Nullah is in a super hyper mood I
thought it would be nice for us to go
through your with Fox together so if any
of you don't know this is knowledge
monthly subscription box look he already
knows what is oh are you getting
impatient
okay let's have a look
oh is it now ah aha
right what we got this month we've got
what does that mean
try me your dog can hear it but you
can't the ultrasonic toy only your dog
can hear we've got beef stick
we've got beef liver sticks pet mud
cheese wow there's so much in here oh so
you know interested now come on
good girl we've got Hollings venison
sausages oh my god she would literally
swallow that whole thing even though
it's like the length of her she would
follow that we've got chewy venison
steaks with a hundred percent natural
venison meat laughing dog wonderfully
wheat free baked dental ot's cute with
mint and parsley for parsley and how you
say that
and this which is a spiky good omen
Allah is gonna love this it's like
perfect okay let me get all right let me
take the look this is like perfect
knowledge sighs okay hang up at hang on
well this went down a treat
good girl Nullah was that nice there you
go that's everything that came in this
month's worth box she's like why have
you put it all like this in front of me
I'm just chilling in bed so I thought I
would say good night now I had such a
lovely day catching up with Anna and
Jonathan Anne Emilio and Eduardo they
are just the cutest children I am so
excited for another of them to have
another cutest child on the way
but I really hope you enjoyed the video
today and I'm gonna go to sleep now
