good morning good morning Alfie deyes
cutting on your face
no moisturiser put that moisturizer on I
have done nothing to my appearance this
morning woke up with my eyes sealed shut
and they look kind of sore
not gonna line that are very blue though
holy crap II wait crappy mark is still
here there he is
hello I'm making us bad guy I'm laying
the table so we've got water things that
I think go well with pancake so you've
got lemon sugar Nutella sprinkles cream
bit of everything root I've laid out all
night and I'm just about to start on the
actual pancakes now if any of you want
to make these then there is a recipe on
my blog so I'll leave a little link to
that below I making double the amount of
the ones Jamie Oliver makes so that's
like six eggs I can't remember but
anyway we're gonna make bogey
- nervous
no oh little taller the fast ones never
the best one I feel like all right
though coconut nicely you doing good
well done mate
don't let us down
are you okay I can let you guys talk
I'm quite good tosser
shut up that it's the perfect pancake
the psychs so satisfying about the way
they look I don't know why it's that
really weird they just look so like not
edible yeah done getting them shot okay
so marks gonna toss the pancake
obviously be very careful it's a very
hot pan but yeah
yeah let's take off me I didn't drop it
Oh
we get judged by what we do
the WHA Ross bris tomorrow
rats bris the cameramen wait to see why
I was saying to myself last night what
would you guys have on your pancakes
here's a little selection see I quite
want to do a bit of whipped cream and
sprinkles I just think it would look so
I hop but what I might do is cut the
pancakes in half and put a bit of each
topping on them you know what I mean
yeah because I want all the toppings
I've basically laid out have you ever
tried this bisque off oh my god please
try it okay find a little spoon is there
another little spoon in there no I can
use my pork did I do it oh yeah it's
spoon okay so you use your fork and just
try some of that
oh it's crunchy oh my god isn't it so
delicious that's gotta be this is my
second pancake I've gone for maple syrup
whipped cream and sprinkles really
healthy really really healthy
how are your pancakes amazing very good
good what do you go for our maple syrup
for fruit yeah without no blueberries
yeah I'm not a massive fan of bloops
look at the little happy stir bind you
as well I've made it so eastery just
editing my vlog from yesterday and Mark
is also editing his but I'm also trying
out some of my new zoella products on
him which none of you know when they're
coming out or what they smell like
but mark try and tell them what you
without giving away what it is yeah okay
rich
I think it's one of my favorite yeah
I've got yeah it's amazing it smells
amazing it goes in really well but it
just smells I can't say without good
it's very like I feel like it's quite
luxurious in any way Oh
like I said I've never done before yeah
it's completely different ever since I'm
a massive fan yeah I think it's my
favorite one so far like I honestly do
they're gonna love it and that is
something that's coming out at the end
of the year so that's a slight clue yeah
a slightly a little one Oh Alfie smell
there I can smell the whole room smells
or something yeah that's what I could
smell on the whole room when I came in
that's so good good yeah do you love it
cover the nasal let's see if Carla likes
it she wants to eat it look at their
Laurita
it's nice no my arm yeah yeah so good no
that's actually so it makes me want to
eat it yeah that's a good clue actually
yeah look at her sniffing my arm she's
licking it she's licking yep there you
go that's that's the proof the proof is
in the pudding this is for a range
coming at the end the year there may be
other things coming out before this way
which doesn't smell the same but this
one that I'm currently testing is for
the end of the year and I think it's one
of my favourite scents ever and I really
hope you guys are gonna like it as much
as I do I'm just so excited for
Charlotte to come back so we can get
freakin more or less I could do accent
I'm so excited for Charlotte to come
back
no that's cows I just did scout today
I'm so excited for Charlotte to come
back I love that accent for a night on
the tuned for night and tool we're gonna
get region more more more MORE
I'm so excited
I'm very distinctive is that what the
word a yeah
you get too cocky oh my god
legit like crying okay the time it's
like how to you
up in my little office room now I know I
love it how's your head
yeah it's a when I touch it now is fine
is that you just got a bit of an egg on
there laughing because mark was like my
Harry for me no just like I'm about to
put some makeup on which is byrock hair
anyway we're gonna put a little record
on on me record player I'm on one we've
gone through Taylor Swift so pop that on
there let's turn it on
and then you lift it like that and then
you place it down there we go makeup is
done I'm using a ring light which I
bought quite recently and I just feel
like you can really see makeup very well
in a ring light you know what I mean
I think because it's a circle it likes
all areas of the face because it goes
under your chin as well yeah so I have
kind of orangie Goldie eyes a nude lip
bit of bronzer and I'm all good
look at you they're in the back room
hello hello I've just been sitting here
I would quite quit the evidence in
violently were talking about all things
life like serious and serious yeah the
only serious time off camera are they oh
yeah we never film us having serious
traps you guys probably think that me
and Mark are complete nutter and I don't
blame you for this because we do have
the best time but we're not like that
all the time we would literally just not
be able to hang out we would do be
sourced ourselves rubies and I do think
the reason our blood ties is because
I've been cry laughing so much but there
are times where we can't just sit and
chill edit on our laptops watch the TV
have serious chat
you know but it's a great great fire in
that it's a great bother
it's a great balance crazy and cap no
not casual yeah yeah yeah well one
extreme and then were the other yeah is
the slight he's not gonna look at me
we've decided to come out for a little
walk
I I mean I'm not being funny but why do
my dick I'll be picking up dog face Oh
No
so we take another on a walk look come
here oh my God look at my eyes today
we're all wearing alfea's merch yay
because Alfie has just released his
merchandise let me see mark do you best
modeling oh yeah you two stand together
it's like a kite he's so funny look at
these two just think catch with a bag of
poo you Alfie come on pick that up right
now
yes we do and Nala needs to stop trying
to run because like nothing's to go that
whistle when you say okay this is why we
keep Nana on a long lead because she
would be gone with that dog otherwise
well anyway I want to take mark on these
are no look they're under construction
my favorite ones these ones though
they're like exercise things in the park
so yeah myself mark and Alfie of all got
a piece match on because I don't know if
I just said everything's gonna be crazy
once we got my cover up Alfie's much
went on sale today so he's got seven new
items in his shop I'll leave a little
link in the description legit nearly
just broke my arm he's got seven new
items in his shop so I am wearing the
jumper Mark's also got the jumper um now
he's got the hoodie on and we didn't
mean to be a walking advert but it just
kind of happened three two one take off
is that what you do it's lifting you
hard
what'd she do if you just smelling these
dog wakes uh oh look a little maid oh my
god it's so cute
is that Abby Jean making friends nah
she's not sure if she
nunna come on look at these two balance
switch you can't take them anywhere yeah
yeah yeah
mark no have you found the stones away
yet then you can't do it we've decided
but those lucky stones from the beach
and not very lucky because actually all
you've done is hurt yourself and been
shat on since you found them so we're
going to throw them away I think I love
the park gone get those guns on on
working do it again I can't see on ok
yeah I get you
I wish I could do all their up in a
cheeky G&T is nice
my mate gave me some brown brain brand
plays okay
so we're playing this thing this is the
question a farmer had 15 sheep and all
but eight died how many are left and I
know the answer already but I comment
down below what you think it is
I want mark to let me know what he
thinks it Rama had 15 sheep and all but
I died eight why is that because I read
the last bit how many are left
a farmer had 15 sheep and all but died
originally all but died over sorry I
thought it was 7 new tactic I multiply I
subtracted 15 an a which was 7 and then
I read how many are left
but if somebody told you that 80 left
yeah it's wrong that we're watching
hocus pocus Alfie is still playing with
that play you can do it though yeah I
got them in his mouth yeah you put the
pressure on a 10 million people yeah
yeah you ready
no no well done that was sure well you
know opposite shows off when they do
that you can okay see the back flap
just don't know if we should give up on
these now we're getting really good I
don't know ever that's just down to
trial and error as well your third place
right now in a race what place are you
in when you pass the person in second
place mark or sorry lap up right this
one's for you
your third place in a race right now
what place are you in when you pass the
person in second when your third place
first first place yeah
sure about a million percent wrong if
you're in third and you pass the person
in second you're not first you're second
yeah you know look I just have my mind
boggling and we've all got a gbk I have
not had one of these in so long good
shout wait whose idea was gbk Holly's
someone someone's idea these things are
the best in the world this is an
elderflower fears if you ever go in GVK
you need to get one of these but I've
also gone before we met the order you
didn't tell anyone else that what sorry
and I've gone for a chicken burger with
the ever so delicious garlic mayo which
stays in your breath for at least two
days and the skinny chips which are the
best which they don't have in Ireland we
realized no well we went into a gbk in
the center of Dublin and I didn't have
the skins like skin on fries but not
Skinny Bitch so I don't know if you do
have them anywhere in Ireland but in the
Dublin branch that did not have any
what's Primark all pennies mmm yeah
pennies and they don't have superdrug
rather on the fader we went out
yesterday in Charlie's Emporium these
were the selection of sweets who picked
up these are the ones that mark says
made his tongue bleed know you're
excited yeah I wanted to try yeah but I
had one and then a second one I might
have my we're gonna try them I'm very
excited I think we should start off like
yeah we should graduate on straightaway
your point of that exactly this is milk
flavor so calm yeah yeah this is like
deflate dis flavored cheers okay I don't
know why I thought they were talking mmm
now let's going for some of these red
velvet okay are they taste familiar
really familiar actually oh it's got a
weird like aftertaste I could eat
another one like vomit chocolate oh no
no I didn't rape them there's no one
getting that weird aftertaste ah do not
like that halt
let me do it guys this is one massive
innuendo you'll hear that yeah okay it's
not what I would walk around town just
spray it in my mouth occasionally it's
not like delicious now that's what you
think
Bobby gornak marks go straight in sour
no no this is very great lovely though
oh it's like a snapchat filter yeah
laugh it up
wait yellow summon blue-eyes recent pony
the strongest
yeah I find them the strongest oh really
blue ugly mouth is watering when he was
piling them under the sky oh yeah oh my
god no you've been a dying on the back
though you're gonna die my brownie gone
yet one's got no right but won't you
crack it
there's stuff in there
hmm yep - shots at once nice blade yeah
we find rasberry gonna please get off me
- oh man - wait please I don't want to
be in more sours
okay doesn't taste like asshole you
ready
three okay
I'm dripping come on do it give it a
good kill you yeah oh it's bleeding
way past my bedtime
we've just had Thumbelina wrong probably
one of the best films in the world just
gonna throw that out there
I'm still hungry I don't know why look
at you look like da Bay when you go down
like that
and maybe you like the flocks have you
ever seen cocktails I want to say yes
choice what the lost lamb our blonde is
the same color turns I know what we were
just doing on Twitter we were looking at
my old photos in Saira's old photos and
we crema came across we came across the
first tweets I said to Zuri about her
seeing my product review so it would
make my absolute lie if you can see this
video I made for you
and then what as I was going through all
my tweets I said to her before we were
friends and it was so awkward I was like
punching the pillows I was like and then
she was screen showing them so she's
gonna hold it against me
like they weren't even that bad you're
just like hey check out my median yeah
it could have been like oh my god I'm
begging you I'm away Hansard needs I'm
in the strange and instead of sending it
like six times you could send it like
six times every hour yeah you know I
mean day three Zoe please check out my
video please please I'm begging you Zoe
just watch it we hope you've enjoyed our
vlogs from the past two days we've had a
lot of fun why I have a contra speaking
I had so much fun too much fun I'm
actually big sore today yeah I'm
actually looking forward to leaving
tomorrow
I just can't laugh anymore like I'm
legit pulled muscles in my stomach
yeah and your eyes yeah I mean on a like
birth blood vessels in my eyes yeah I've
had my ribs I've had my head my elbow
you need to dispose of those wrong yo
I'm getting rid of the rocks tomorrow
I'm gonna say I'm rich on the way home
I'm gonna stop conservation is freedom
in the safe know if anyone sees a little
mini Imperial rock jellybean Rock don't
pick them up they're bad luck
we decided the rocks are bad luck bad
omens anyway really hope you enjoyed the
video give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed
it and I'm sure we will see you again
soon goodbye bye bye
