good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 23
it's day 23
day 23 it's Christmas Eve Eve and
tomorrow is Christmas Eve I want it over
my calendar because I have not been
opening it and knowledge calendar needs
to be opened as well I've just been
really rubbish at my calendar the
calendar this year as I said in the day
before yesterday's video I'm gonna munch
away and I'm gonna have so much fun with
it right no this is not for you Nala
Suns not yours
doesn't even matter what order I do them
in really does it I can't get it out get
him out 19:21 open all of them except
one there we go oh yay so now we just
have to open 24 tomorrow and I still got
need to be God snowman I really want to
eat this I want to eat this one this is
good mmm look at my little pile of
chocolate now should we do your calendar
now good girl right let's see we've got
to open 17 they're so hard there we go
all we've got bones in that one
good girl good girl
that's nice put knowledge treats up
there you enjoyed that she's gonna have
so many treats up there
pop him up there 22 pop him up there
23 which is today so you can eat these
ones yeah you gonna sit good girl
there's one eat it nicely
why is 8 shot we did do eight there we
go got one day left from the whoops miss
calendar
Alfie's got quite a few days to open on
his as well you're gonna sit down good
girl mmm enjoy by the way this looks
like a weird mechanism it's actually a
back massager just in case you saw that
in the corner of your eye and you're
like questionable item there
come on cannon no but we haven't left it
to the last minute we're going Christmas
shopping in town which is the busiest
town in the world I just feel like
parking is gonna be a nightmare and it
gets so stressed but we don't not yet
it's not like we're not getting
someone's made impressive little bit and
wrapping paper and like sellotape and
gift tags and things but still very
brave of us to decide to do this on the
23rd
yeah it's getting very busy let's let's
go let's see what you were getting
driving we're gonna have to listen to
Christmas music just relax yeah
driving into town for Christmas and
Minnie
oh I can't wait to see those
we decided that because the traffic was
so ridiculous and it took us ten minutes
to literally get five minutes away from
home we've parked our car in Hove and
we're walking into town because
Churchill Square is actually too far
from home so we figured this would be
the most quick way of going into town
and it's also a really lovely day today
so we thought it would be quite nice to
get a little walk in anyway
and we're not under any massive time
constraints perfect it's windy times
like this that I should have one of
those funny little muffs that you and
Louise had on your camera look how
beautiful this churches see stuff like
this is so hidden amongst like all the
other houses we've just been into dows
which has some of the nicest things ever
we've got a few little cheeky present
really happy first shot first shot we've
really gotten to the cottage right here
I know it's all good cool decoration in
the window though that's a great fold
so now
still heading into town so basically
yeah me and out there doing stockings
and our peace harmony which means you
have to buy lots of like kind of little
gifts for everybody and there's seven of
us right
oh wow there is yes so now we need
wrapping paper got three all good
look at these cakes in M&S look at it
like that's a piece of art that is
amazing I want one of those
we've also found some 15-meter wrapping
paper which I figured would be a good
show because if we run out at least
we've got this guy's town is so busy the
way it was gonna be busy if I didn't
think it was gonna be this busy I'm
actually struggling to breathe all the
way hey no it's covering yours up I'm
leaving right be there look at this
little pudding actuary do you want to go
in now
I wonder what you did is it just to see
father Christmas
we're getting hungry we were like
there's really nowhere we can go and eat
so packed that we had the brilliant idea
of coming into BHS and going right to
the back bed God cafe good shout Alfie
because literally like hardly anyone in
here it's out of control
Stephanie we're going to taste it and
we're just a little drink and then I
think what our industry did me do I mean
I probably shouldn't lift it up should I
yeah oh my god here she comes
okay this is what alphas just treated me
to yummy yummy yummy I even do this just
go for it
as it get
we snuck away into Topshop and we've
come up to the personal shopping with
Liv and Carla look how he's taking
history they don't know we've like
45-minute yeah normally I've got a son
as well but today I sorry for this I got
the last four days I know actually have
yet but I take breakfast to the extreme
or sometime tomorrow maybe so anyway
we've got a few things that we really
look at this though this always makes me
laugh this is poppy side this is my yeah
yeah how amazing is this jacket although
it could look bad on me I don't know am
I going to like the ITM okay no way what
have we here the Heike a monkey we found
it do you like it I really like I'm just
thinking cuz we're all going away from
you yet and we're gonna be gonna lots of
walks and like yeah I really like it
though what do you think of this one
guys look at the sleeves I quite like it
but I don't know it's quite boxing it's
quite it's quite sure
but I do like it it feels so soft it's
very tattered a just for the record guys
if you ever see me wearing high-waisted
black jeans they are these by Topshop
the Joanie jeans they are infrared
double they just feel so nice on so I'm
buying another two pairs because I
pretty much live in these all don't you
think now we really tackling back to the
car because we need to rush back to Nala
but that was very successful with an F
so successful I just love those girls so
much we just want to spend all day and
now with them practically did I know if
you are ever in Brighton and you want to
go into Topshop do you just go up and
say hi to color and live because there's
like honestly the sweetest and nicest
girls ever and I'm sure they would
absolutely love it yeah I've got a lot
to do tonight I need to wrap presents
need to edit videos before tomorrow
because I kind of want to get them done
so I don't have to think about them
tomorrow is the last day
yeah all in all very sick me and a few
have now come into pets at home grabbing
some little bits of a guinea pigs and
Alfie is desperate for a week so we need
to be quick because he's gonna pee
himself oh I don't need guinea pig
defeated seed seed seed where is it
round this side which one shall I get do
I get Nuggets with mint or Nuggets with
blackcurrant and Oregon oh I think we
should get the mint actually they really
do like the Oregon oh I think they
prefer that one to the mint when I tried
them into a moratorium box no we'll just
get this one for now
that would be good hey cookies Oh they'd
love those let's get the leaves as a
Christmas treat oh these lights don't
like this camera today let's turn that
down wrong one
there we go we're back now from pets at
home and I've just brought down
everyone's presents for Christmas Day so
all of like alfea's family and Alfie so
as I was saying earlier there's seven of
us all together and their stockings and
this main presence so there's quite a
lot and I kind of want to wrap them
tonight because I don't want to be doing
it tomorrow because we've got a lot of
things you want to do tomorrow and I
just want to kind of be all festive most
of today's well vo what do you know just
so it's mostly done for this evening
how cute
a few would like because honestly I'll
be tired I'll be really sleepy for the
rest of the evening we've got so much to
do than that I've got so he's having
safer naps in the evenings now it's
actually ridiculous and I was like no
I've got too much to do I need to know
away a new Tedder and we need to start
wrapping these Christmas presents that
we've got down here they're basically
what done all the Christmas reserves are
saying oh yeah but he's useful fall
asleep sir looks like I'm near a prison
somewhere.i it's no puppy though No
hmm
Oh Alf you know wake up
you've been asleep for about 45 minutes
we're gonna wrap some prezi's not
happening guys look at this I've laid
out all our stockings and I'm about to
put everyone's stocking presents on the
guitar it's Nala I'm about for
everyone's stocking presents on top of
their stocking so that we can kind of
gauge what we need to get for people if
we still need to get anything but also
just it's just easier to work it out
this way
but I just thought it looked really
funny for every stocking I've bought a
little tube of jelly beans Jelly Belly
jelly beans which I thought would be fun
and they fit nicely in there but yeah so
I'm gonna do this now yes Missy also got
the boobs on the TV of Michael Buble it
is actually a dream of mine to go and
see him live I really really want to
maybe next year I want to see him live
doing Christmas songs like I love all
his other songs too don't get me wrong
but just Michael Buble at Christmas is
just amazing we've wrapped all the
stocking presents and now we are putting
glitter transfers on the stocking so
that we can see whose is whose so here's
one here's my one it's like glittery and
we're just doing poppies we didn't think
it was gonna work for a while and yes I
know we should probably have an ironing
board but this is just a bit slack - DIY
okay knowledge knowledge in her pen yeah
Althea's more awake now obviously
a pharmacy Canada
like we're actually Santa's little
helpers well she controls if it's so
much easier when we left it to call
really she was really bad all right what
is it is the e broken wha your edits oh
no II did the e back to France do you
know why because you it fell off without
looking oh I take it off
no it's Betty of course yeah no I'm just
worried it's gonna take it off let's put
you next to Zoey
I think poppy one's fine Hey
one doesn't seem to be coming off very
easily well there we go it's hard
because it's on a fluffy surface oh that
one was easy that one's good we fix the
e guys only letter we had spare yeah all
good all done high five yeah okay now
here are all the stockings with
everyone's names on my own Alfie is
looking very bad because I haven't
wrapped your stocking pressure on your
presents are a puppy's flat when are you
going to get them I might go minutes
after tonight but I'm really happy with
those I feel like you're familar gonna
love them think about what about
midnight you know ten minutes to
midnight we're still wrapping I'm
enjoying it though Santa's Little Helper
over there
this is being cute look at all these
presents I'm actually really proud of
all this wrapping I really like it good
job team
good job team Santa's workshop
sorted Wow we've still got a few more
and I've got some oh wow
and I've got to wrap up she just do she
just freaked out um what we just eaten
what what he just eaten your breath
smells so strong it's actually quite
true
what do you eat urn yes I don't know
some of your chicken katsu curry oh this
your food your dinner there pretty much
wraps cut big your handlers compared to
my face and I just thought I would end
the vlog here because I'm gonna go to
sleep now
I'm not so that I haven't had a power
nap you did you slept like an hour an
hour and a half by didn't wake up
feeling any better I woke up feeling
worse than well it is way more for with
their minds oh right now look how weird
my arm looks like big not muscly just
big no I'm gonna end this bug here it's
been a very busy productive day of
shopping wrapping actually did some good
today yeah so good so we're gonna go now
I'm gonna get some sleep last day of
vlogmas tomorrow tomorrow be prepared be
excited ready for the most Christmassy
day of oil and we are going to sing
Christmas carols we are and we're gonna
drive round yeah in our pajamas looking
you go got matching pajamas I'm so
excited
what's going on
night guys good night there's ammonia
babe I'm we love you good night goodbye
