all right welcome to vlogmas day toe
18:18 time when mine
look at this we've packed the car so
tightly because we're heading back home
now I was in the middle in a seatbelt
and then there's Joe and work oh yeah
she's in there just to be safe I think
she's a bit confused thoughts going on
but it's just so funny
she'll just be asleep she'll probably
sleep on your lap we'll rest her head on
your lap this is so packed full but I
can still see out the back we wanted to
be safe right let's head off shall we
oh she thinks she's coming with me bye
Joe good luck see you on the other side
see you on the other side oh I could see
me in the window right didn't even have
time to do my makeup nothing I've
literally got up wrapped a load of
presents through me just got everything
in the car it's all I can feel like see
out the back perfectly fine oh yeah
it's not right ridiculous Alf you're in
charge of the music I don't drive it
three hours or some day oh no it's been
raining on my tracksuit bottoms she's
alright okay let's to see forward let's
do this my foot in the door we do in
shot my foot in the door that's what I'm
doing we just had a little pit stop at
the station Nala did - pooping away Oh
Ellen oh yes egg oh my god these are the
back I'll meet them so well how good am
i hate's the astronaut passed me while
I'm driving
ever guys foolish lunge can you zoom it
in for me I can't do remember we visited
it for a school trip no I went to Avery
stones now is a boring version bus oh
maybe I went to Avebury
we were right yeah that was quite a good
journey actually alphas just grabbing
some stuff from the car I can come and
help you in a minute Alf we've got so
much I know I know
neither is very excited you're running
around the garden you're right dad are
you excited to have a stay like this are
you really Christmassy we look forward
to Easter yes he's the time whew
Joe is about to test drive an Audi what
is it r8 an Audi r8 is his dream car is
very excited I bet it is really powerful
he goes by Joe you weren't so sure about
that way you know the bear no let's go
back in now I'm very happy to be here
are you happy to be here Nala if any of
you a bit confused my dad's actually
moved how since I last vlog in in a
house he lives in this is now his house
I have actually been here before but I
never I wasn't logging at the time so my
bedroom is actually different now let me
show you it's weird though because it's
kind of the same as my old bedroom it's
just a different layout so this is where
me and Alfie will be sleeping so we've
got my desk in my chair a fireplace is
dill and a mirror and then a little side
table and my lamp and then a bed and yeh
it's a double bed have you met my dad oh
I look gray we had to share a single bed
because that's all I had but now in his
new house there's space for a double bed
we've got double bed now and then the
other thing I used to have in my bedroom
and the same rug so it's all pretty much
the same except a different a different
house in a different room
look at this drawing that I did of
myself when I was younger so we look at
that the grass goes up my legs how funny
is that I just put that on the wall my
dad is gonna be like I didn't put that
there
we're just gonna chill now for a bit
because obviously I've just done like a
three-hour drive now let's just have the
time of her life outside because my
dad's got a huge garden so she's been
running around like crazy absolutely
loving it got the TV on it's really nice
and toasty my dad's gone to pick Joe up
cuz he's obviously gone to like run
around in the art right and then we're
gonna turn I think we're having a roast
dinner tonight which I'm so excited
about if you guys haven't watched my
vlogs for a while or you kind of know of
my dad's roast then you'll know they're
the best thing in the entire world so I
am very excited or after no just take
your Nala out for a wee I kind of want
to let go I feel like she won't run away
but I'm just not sure because good go
come on stay close good girl I grew up
in the countryside so this is kind of
like where I feel the most kind of a
piece I think I love Brighton I love
that it's a bit more fast-paced but it's
not absent a space as London but I
really enjoy being here the air feels
fresher and I just like to see lots of
green another is loving my dad's garden
because it's so big
Oh need to remember to breathe go out
next time ladies and gents is Danny slug
and the reason you can never normally
see him is because he's father and look
at you me and dad just got a bit carried
away with making festive do you feel
festive now I especially like the mice
hanging from your body from your big
glasses look at that I think you look
really festive right me and dad have
gone on a mission to st. brief very
excited I've not been to this
Sainsbury's in a while me old Saints
breeze I look all the night Wow milk
shimmer going to town on the Christmas
lights
that's quite impressive isn't it oh it's
not crashing to the police that
we're gonna win it the same route to
Sainsbury's
- Saenz we would go winning to
Sainsbury's now you finish it no can we
go this way where are you going
Oh get in a thriller look Anna and
Jonathan they've got your favorite music
or oats or whatever you call it here in
Sainsbury's Oh guys that thumbnail look
thumbnail my dad's having to go at me
because I've never played this game so
we're gonna get it because we're having
I've heard for having arose about a
million times we're gonna play this
tonight for dinner so I'm happy now no
guys this is just still so weird oh why
do they put that on the front come on
look at my faces sick yeah I'm feel
about that bad noise weird oh look
there's Joe as well
oh no look there's our feet look guys
we're number three yeah dad's being
naughty he's just said now we're number
one part do that Babs this one does come
with a special bookmark though oh there
it is oh I like that
very nice there you go guys special
bookmark where you going I'll notice on
one side and then that'll never have you
read it yet dad chapter 11 are you
enjoying it so far it's fantastic
finished up in Sainsbury's we're gonna
make her way back home now Alfie just
called me and he said that knowledge
being crying at the door because she
doesn't know where I've gone poor little
baby okay guys so I've christmast up the
bedroom a little bit yeah Barry lies and
I've also put these little just pick
them up to put in here they're little
Christmas jumpers it's like Christmas
jumper bunting and then got fairy lights
on
bird and I don't know if any of you
watched my top five candles but I talked
about a gold one from Sainsbury's it's
this one for any of you that were
wondering it smells really good so I've
lit that so that when we come to bed it
smells all festive I look at this little
puppy she loves this rug because it's so
thick I'm fluffy she's just like zonked
this is your favorite rug look at her
hand what's going on here
yeah bit hot a bit harsh we take your
jumper off no no don't chew the rug
doesn't this just feel like my old room
it just feels like I'm in my old room I
just can't get my head around it I feel
like none of you would have even been
able to tell I didn't say that
my dad has changed houses don't know why
she's trying to eat the rug it's been a
time so exciting oh we need to pull
cracks how we gonna do is when we've all
got one look at Alfie the old man in the
corner in his chair how was dinner so
good he washed that all right perfectly
fill up by one mouthful more and I would
have been too for that well done dad
well done dad it was really great all
right
giving time I'm gonna get Joe this one
first way guys it's going over the top
can I get a drumroll rapid okay whatow
technique yeah hold it in place
brilliant have you seen something Marty
it's very sanitary thing no it's not my
sellotape why there's only a small boy
my god it's like a giant quality street
go on get in that Sun God well we
already tracking this out outfit copy
yeah oh that's quite nice no I'm sorry
it's winter but my baby yes I knew I
knew that oh nice catch so it is admit
go compare make up oh now she likes it
she's such an outlet and we're going to
kill we have to kill Oh go straight for
the jugular
no yep just company handler Oh crazy boy
understand is why doctors do that I
didn't do it when that gave me this I
didn't stop trying to bite him rip it
apart right yeah no no it's mine nada is
from my dad oh no other things just has
Oh No open it from that just rip the
sellotape off don't hold that I'm
worried about me
is it gone Oh what company it's like
more can it makes more cameras on it is
it a pillar or to me
Joe just work myself people yeah I
reckon I know you died you putting
inside a nice box yeah it was smirk on
your face
eBay no it's the one we used to play now
open their controllers yeah Oh open the
other one is so cool oh my god you know
even open the box
roughly
the classics wait keep going the streets
of rage yeah mania mania you could be
here all day really should remember that
would Batman Returns yeah look at the
cartridges I know it's so tumblr I know
just a few final this online died we can
play it tonight
the jungle book Christ how many other
only all the classics this the first
female ball with planet in shipping oh
yeah and it's the first game I ever
bought Strider how weird
I remember this dream of mine so first
ever game I ever got really yeah
holy action oh my god
I'm gonna take this back to London movie
yeah that's my fave that's my face right
there oh no one more I also just
realized I left one at home yeah oh yeah
yeah yeah I tried to get all the ones we
used to play 32 per I know I know
how crazy is that from Woolworths from
Woolworths in Woolworths who I've also
got Lion King at home yeah I forgot to I
don't know where else you put that is so
good thank you so much that's all right
how fun to play them
so fun we should plug it in now and play
yeah we might I don't know if I think
all the cables are there but I don't
know if you have to buy like something
that like you're gonna drive it up yeah
thank you so I guys you've got the
master system so excited I remember
searching for passwords
oh my god oh he's making that red alert
oh oh I've forgotten what you have
to do catch the bread ready are you
there an end which of the barrels in
what have the pots do this that
and let the music at all this is so easy
now I feel like Joe's gonna be in here
all night going through all these games
watch the hall Oh Prince oddly yeah
Larry
Prince Ali rallies for challenging for a
kids game always catch me up
dad's not having a go on Jungle Book
classic game and I am gonna go up to bed
now because I'm super tired it's like
1:00 a.m. guys yeah yeah you're gonna
play this until the early hours it is it
is anyway I'm gonna end my vlog here
thanks so much for watching I hope
you've enjoyed today give it a thumbs up
if you did say goodbye Joe they're the
best is the best Christmas ever
yeah Cole Oh No okay guys Christmas
