everybody welcome to birthday
I am so tired this morning I've been
awake since 6:00 I just woke up and I
couldn't know when stretching just get
back to sleep because I knew I had so
much to do today this is so frustrating
because you know she missed the toilet
but she won't go out look she knows she
needs to toilet but she won't go out as
well this is what I have to resort to
what these lights do in no this is not
there we go
sparkling is nice I pick disco hmm not
so much I have so much to do today Joe
is coming I need to wrap his presents I
need to film and edit oh gosh I need to
film and edit a video for today and I
also have to buy presents because Joe's
video we're doing like a Secret Santa
type thing
are we happy do we mean so he should buy
presents but I don't know what what what
point I'm gonna be able to actually do
that because he's mean Allah
do you not bug like that that is not
teeny oh my dog he's gonna wake every
what do you have busy day I need to get
started this is not going away
joy joy to the world let's make myself a
big old glass of water and whack it into
my app okay we've got Marla's breakfast
with her little antibiotic in it try to
cover it over she'll never know you're
gonna wait wait there's no need to make
those noises wait wait good girl good
girl good girl going in
also guys look like the Radio Times I am
so excited to flick through this and see
what amazing Christmassy films are in
there let's see
oh gosh I've gone straight to the 27th
what films have we got Polar Express Toy
Story the Snowman how to train a dragon
whoo lots and lots and lots let's have a
look here
Scrooge home alone - classic Seven
Brides for Seven Brothers turn got
wizard of oz amazing Michael bubl√©'s
Christmas 2015
yes yes yes need to get my highlight
around go well else brave I've actually
never seen brave Oh No until all of the
other reindeer kalasa k-- 555 though not
sure I'm gonna be awake for that oh
there's some good stuff right let's have
a look at ulta Muppet Christmas Carol
1:45 so good
snowman snow dog yes snowman father
Christmas yes all good have a look at
Christmas Eve Christmas Eve okay
National Lampoon's Christmas vacation
it's a Wonderful Life Snowman again
snowman and snow dog
Jamie's night before Christmas my crazy
Christmas lights literally me what also
we got Finding Nemo not very Christmassy
but a Christmas Carol elf buddy's
musical Christmas I've not seen that
yeah Christmas Eve is not that good
maybe I don't know
there's a lot of like funny things out
on Christmas Eve
cool anyway it's not Christmas unless
you've got one of these so it's now
officially Christmas I am also on to my
second 300 milliliters of water so
Cheers
yeah what I stay hydrated tis the season
to be hydrated
I've just finished filming a top five
festive candles video which I thought
was a really fun idea and I actually saw
a lot of you request that video and I
had one space for today where I didn't
have a video idea so that is what I have
done today so I just need to edit that I
am wearing a very festive jumper I think
this is from ASOS men's section possibly
got a little hat on feeling very festive
myself and Alfie are actually going for
brunch with Leon and Carly if you don't
know who they are I will leave a link to
their channels in the description box of
this video they're both so lovely and so
funny so I'm really looking forward to
going for brunch with them but yes so
that is what I've been doing just now
and that's why I've got me my makeup all
done the lipstick I'm wearing is
Charlotte Tilbury red carpet red and I
absolutely love it I feel like it's such
a beautiful like deep red and it's a
matte as well and I honestly do think
matte lipstick suit me way better than
um like moisturizing kind of shiny ones
it's probably got a better name than
moisturizing shiny but I really need to
tidy the house up it's making me kind of
stressed how messy it is plus when I
went to Tania and Jim's the other night
Maddie had more PA box stuff for me I
don't know if I've already mentioned
that so that's all in my car like three
more bags of stuff so I need to go
through that and sort that out Jo is
also coming today which I'm excited
about
yeah got a lot to do a lot to do I've
got an hour to edit this video
and then we need to be out so I also
haven't had lunch yet I'm gonna have a
nectarine
I love nectarines why - it's a wit
I love nectarines guys gonna edit and
eat a nectarine and then in an hour
we're off I reckon I could do it in an
hour
it's got to be speedy it was quite a
quick video which felt weird I kind of
stopped myself from rambling basically
what we're done with the memory card
Anala oh geez
I also still have a headache I had it
for a while but according to my water
app I have actually had 50% of my water
intake today already and it's so bad
she could chew and ride is much bigger
so it's a fire hazard
so we've just finished at lunch with
Carly early on who are quite possibly
two of the most lovely human beings in
the world I'm actually gonna miss them a
little bit they've gone off shopping and
now we are going to find poppy where is
poppy
is she back shop if she's in the back oh
oh there's a new Mac gonna be dangerous
I need to pick up some presents with Joe
for this video I have no idea what to
get him they've got to be silly
I know there's a good shot yeah okay
we'll go into that but yes having a
really lovely afternoon London of a
police bear
I probably look at the mac shop oh my
goodness it looks incredible where's
poppy I'm gonna make a jump she's not in
here oh yeah she's a hotel she's at the
key or the turkey hatch do you remember
when we had the track yeah
and
you buy me a Furby fingers must in a
wire bourbon RV remember them
the I do remember Furbies I don't
actually know if I ever had one and if I
did it would have been from a car boot
sale with no batteries ask Toby how she
got hers pop how did you get your Furby
unlucky enough money she's at 5:00 p.m.
have you so good at right I'm about to
set off home basically Alfie and poppy
are now shopping for my Christmas
present with Alfie which was the whole
reason that he's obviously coming to
town so he was like yes you could go now
that would be great because I want to
buy your present and I was like fine
just got kicked out of town although to
be fair I didn't get home for nada
so it's fine it works out fine just got
back and there's been a delivery of my
Teen Choice Awards which are surfboards
so I don't know if any of you remember
but I won a Teen Choice Award in 2014
and I've worn one this year so I've got
both hair I don't know what I'm gonna do
with them but they're so cool and
apparently you can actually surf on them
I mean I'm definitely not doing hanging
these down to Brighton Beach and trying
to ride a frickin wave but I need to
find somewhere to put these because when
I'm old and gray I'm gonna look at these
awards and be like yeah those were the
days look you can actually see my name
there so wallah I don't want to unwrap
them because until I know where I want
to put them I don't want them to get
damaged so I'm just gonna leave them in
the bubble wrap but how cool is a nice
thing to come back to that's so cool
so that's 2014 and that's 2015 yeah it's
quite an impressive award isn't it let's
go step in I'm just reading all your
lovely comments on the vlog where I was
talking about anxiety which for me was
yesterday's vlog but as you're watching
this it was two days ago why did that
take me so long to work out um and also
I met a couple of viewers today who both
said to me that that video made them
feel so much better and I often forget I
know it sounds stupid but I just do this
and I'm just me
and I just kind of float along in my own
world and I kind of forget that me
talking about something that I have kind
of lived with for over ten years can
kind of resonate with people I kind of
forget I suppose how many people I can
help simply by talking about something
and it's been really nice like you guys
kind of opening up to me too because
it's kind of hard like it's not easy to
kind of to talk about something that you
find difficult or that you struggle with
so I just want to say you're all very
brave and I love you all a lot and yeah
as I said in yesterday's vlog don't feel
like this is how you're gonna live the
rest of your life because it's not and
you can change it and you can do the
things that you struggle with now that
you feel like you'll never be able to do
you can do it together we can do it so
um yeah I just wanted to say that
because I was reading through all your
comments and they were all so lovely and
I just love you all and wish I could
give you all a massive hug look Josie
yeah finally you are pick myself to the
novel they can't go drive away how super
Bagon it swung it
she's like showing off with our toilet
look what I can do this is happening
right now
that's nice making it happen that
knowledge absolutely terrified of it as
well I love you a little little pony
I'll show the guinea pigs
Shay Pippin and Percy she's already
hiding like Oh terrifying you look know
that Easter upstairs upstairs that as a
funniest thing it's sick it's so gay run
from the corner look look how creepy
this is guys imagine this run at you
there dark field ready 3 2 1 go what you
have felt that chair Oh
terrified everybody knows you're Homer
said oh good it will tie me up
two of those how would you work in this
yeah there you go there you guys better
try and do it does do that now watch me
whip now watch me nae nae now watch me
whip whip watch me nae nae now watch me
ooh watch me watch me we want to go in
the suit me and Joe have just finished
filming and now he looks like this he
wanted to go in the suit it's quite
funny I think you need to wait what does
it look like if I put this on with no
body drinking is it like that scene in
hit the road all over again oh yeah she
is said earlier thumbnail you're smiling
yeah me smile yeah I've got my lipstick
in there right yeah I think my kids by I
mean someone else's house and running
around drinking it and blackcurrant
guess what guys fell asleep on the sofa
didn't I what surprised it's not like I
do that every evening I fell asleep I
must say for I don't even know what the
time is now but we've all gone to bed
Joe's gone to bed our pieces quickly
dinners teeth I'm about to take all this
entire makeup off and yeah I've had a
really fun day I hope you've enjoyed the
videos leaving tomorrow fairly early to
go back to Wiltshire I packed up my
little bag and I've packed up a kind of
bag of food take back with us because I
bought I mean we did a food shop pretty
recently so I've decided I'm gonna just
take back I'm just poking so inside
we're gonna take back some food to my
dad's and then it just saves him having
to go out and buy some stuff anyway so
I've kind of put together two bags
already and we've got popping Shaun
coming here to look after the guinea
pigs which now if we just threw a temp
one of me why and hopefully I'm gonna
have time to run out and get my eyebrows
I didn't threaded it in the morning but
I don't actually know if I'm gonna be
able to I might have to like pluck them
myself which I haven't done for like
over a year I've been resisting doing
that at all costs but we'll see we'll
see what happens anyway I love you guys
very much thank you so much for watching
this video do you love them very much
we're gonna have so much fun tomorrow
yeah excited
