oh well hi there and welcome to vlogmas
day 15 what got texted my brother
do you text from my brother I'm having a
very busy morning I've been editing and
then I decided to run myself a bath
because I feel like I haven't had a
chill-out bath in a really long time
plus I needed to wash out all the crap
that was still in my hair yeah even
though I've washed it twice I feel like
I can still smell cream so I've washed
it again
and I had a shoot I think it was called
shoot for the stars bath balm and it was
so so lovely I'll insert some little
clips here and yeah it was just nice
little chill out did a face mask did a
hair mask so I feel very fresh right now
I do however need to upload my video
before I head out myself poppy and
Amanda have all got massages booked this
afternoon which I'm really excited about
you're not allowed one cuz you're you're
not coming it's girls only
sorry ow and I'm really excited about
that because in my November favorites I
was saying how much I've screwed my back
up basically signing all my signing all
my tippin's
and then doing my book signings on top
of that it's really screwed up my back
and now I feel like I'm hunched over
editing at least kind of four or five
hours a day so it's not the best my back
is not the best so hopefully I can get
that sorted out today or at least kind
of moved around a bit made a little bit
lighter what are you doing is this how
you're spending your day about bagging
emails now
oh no well maybe you should come you
know no that's not how it works what are
you gonna go on nope I need one yeah you
do that
no no yes you can come on
this coat does not go with this top I
don't feel like maybe it does it's more
of an autumn coat I don't know if it's
cold outside or not because I haven't
been out out yet can I hide a present
and we do it now
also forgot to mention that this morning
Nala did a poo outside as she does every
morning then decided that the best place
to do it was right in front of the door
and then decided to walk through it
before she came back into the house so I
did spend a good portion of my morning
wiping dog poo off my kitchen floor and
then having to give Nana a bath because
she had poo in all her little cute poor
pants and that is the life of a dog
owner some days you think your dog is
the cutest little thing on the earth and
other days you're just like really
really speaking of Nala we are taking
her to the vets a little bit later
because she has what's called puppy acne
I didn't know this was a thing
apparently it is because oh this camera
apparently is because buzz had it awhile
back and basically it's treated with a
dose of antibiotics so apparently it's
not as turn to have puppy acne and she's
got it all on her chin I don't think
it's aww it's not like it's bothering
her but I know that it's not going to go
away without something so we're gonna
have to take her there later on also
think we might have to do the old anal
glands because as you seen in the last
couple of vlogs know that is having a
few issues there so it would be quite
nice to have that sorted out wouldn't it
yeah owning dogs are so much fun
j15 don't know I know I'm really sad
it's over halfway done why I know
because then it's gonna be over where
you have you hidden this yeah where you
can watch films cartoons and episodes to
check right behind this for the present
I left you what do you think get my
and of vision is that way which
television there is it well you're going
this way that's wicked I feel like it's
gonna be this one what is that what is
that she's so tired today you're tired
today too aren't you
you look tired like seriously
inside this I've forgotten what is that
November oh yeah Lego bricks
that's it giving you all these things to
be doing in your vlogs thank you it's
okay we've actually done it all the day
I don't know if it is or not I'm very
tired today but I need to go now because
I don't know if I really find massages
relaxing they kind of make my anxiety a
bit high so it's not like I can never
really be excited for a massage
any one day I will that's my goal my
goal is to be excited for massages I
know I'll feel better afterwards but my
anxiety is in it's like one of those
situations where my anxiety is quite
high so right okay so my anxiety is
normally based around situations where I
feel as though I can't leave because I
worry too much about appearing rude or
people thinking badly of me in those
kinds of situations so if I'm gonna
hairdressers I'm getting my hair done
and I can't leave because I'm having my
hair done so the hairdresser will think
I'm I don't know that's basically what
it's about
kind of in a very short sentence it's
obviously a lot more complex and a lot
detailed than that but if I've got if
I'm half-naked on a massage table I feel
as though it's making me feel anxious
like thinking about it I probably
shouldn't be doing this before I go but
from half naked on a massage table and I
start to feel anxious I feel as though I
can't be rude and say sorry I I don't
want to do this now I need to go by okay
most people don't care about those
things but somewhere along the way
that's what's been planted in my mind
which I'm doing a very good job at
trying to get rid of so yes I need to
leave like now so I will see you at
Amanda's
I found properly going in and it was
like oh my god like pain and when she
goes like yeah yeah yeah
it was so good I look weird in this like
just makes your skin look what are you
good oh she happy oh yeah oh oh no I'm
I'm so good wait oh good
Oh a little bit oh yeah I just know oh
it's always that thing though it's kind
of awkward where they like let me know
if it's too hard
does anyone actually let someone know if
it's too hard because I've had a massage
before where I was kind of in pain yes I
know I always want it harder I know I
could I just felt like it gone too far
like she's been doing it too long for me
to say oh yeah so I'm one of those I'm
one those really annoyed British people
it just never says oh look I've got
right on frizzy hair we're on our way
back to the car I just wanted to show
you how cute the lanes local litter it's
so Christmassy
okay now let's go the rain you know you
hear excited now and yourself guess what
my mama don't like you she like everyone
but she doesn't like you she prefers me
we're back from that and this little one
was well behaved to a point until the
vet needed to look at her nails and hurt
evil and she freaked out we had to hold
her nope oh yeah she doesn't really like
it when people touch her face really
annoying because we can which doesn't
like anyone else to do it but yeah
Hodgins fine she's been put on a dose
antibiotics and we've been given some
sort of like chin wash scram
just to kind of do every two weeks to
keep it clean and she had her bum
squeezed which I'm sure she did not
enjoy who would love who would enjoy
that so bad but the woman was RR it's a
normal amount I was like the only
awkward thing is is that we obviously
hold Nala while she does it but I really
cannot bear the smell and then this tiny
little room is all of a sudden hot-boxed
with the smell spray out no to make it
smell good anyway there won't be any
more of that happening from Little Miss
fishy bottom which I'm very pleased
about and yeah all all all good why
should I say all so many times then all
all all good
I really am craving a Domino's don't
that's I would smash a Domino's right
now oh I'm not allowed tomato I think
you can have a bit
it's probably look at that young Liam
battery charge Joe Zoe is the warmer
poking in the head no worse at talking
about tree I very quickly talked about
my anxiety earlier and I was like in a
rush to leave the house but I actually
was okay through my massage I did feel
quite anxious to start with but I think
by the end of it I'd like fully fully
relaxed but yeah I'm just curious if
anyone else has anxiety within that same
kind of area I suppose I'm obviously
doing something like to sort it out and
I've got my therapist every week that I
speak to I think it's important for you
just speak out about I know some people
get annoyed because they don't
understand their hmm but people only
ever get annoyed by anxiety because it's
a lack and this isn't me insulting you
it's a lack of understanding yeah what
do you mean you can't enjoy a massage
and I can understand why somebody
wouldn't understand that like and also
when people say how can you walk down
the red carpet but you can't have a
massage yeah
and that's where different anxieties in
different people come into play like
it's very rare that someone will have
the exact same anxiety as you but it
will never be the same because it's
built up from learning different
behaviors as Chuck as a child or maybe
something's happened to you in your life
that's that's kind of built around that
there's so many different factors to it
one of my friends can't even getting a
lift without being so scared that it's
gonna like break down or get trapped
yeah you can get in a lift
yeah and then you might find in a meal
out very difficult very difficult
whereas that friend of mine can
literally have Aamir that no problem
yeah it's just one of those things that
I really do feel like unless you have it
it's very hard to understand and I've
kind of just kind of what's the word
I've kind of learned that I suppose and
there are people that want to learn
about it and there are people that don't
want to learn about it and that's okay
but one of the things I did want to just
add was that I'm obviously
towards not having anxiety I don't ever
want to just deal with their a lot of
people say to me how do you deal with
your anxiety and I'm not really dealing
with it I'm sorting it and I feel like
there is a slight difference there I
feel like there is in my mind anyway so
like dealing where there's kind of just
getting used to it and living your life
around it and that's not what I want to
do I actually just want to live my life
without it and I know that's gonna be
hard and I've been working on it for a
really long time because I don't want
anxiety to be a part of my easier
everybody has a normal level I get
anxious when I do things that make me
anxious but it's just yours is enhance
you get more anxious more ya know it's
impossible for someone to never have
anxiety because it's a normal reaction
it's just that mine is stopping me from
doing me just triggers more easily yeah
other people can do and that's kind of
hindered just like how now somebody
could be like to one of these guys
watching go and stand in Wembley Arena
and talk with microphone to 20,000
people and you would poo your pants
whereas I've done that when I did it for
Lucy Awards you accept an award and that
was fine for me I wasn't anxious
somebody might be anxious about doing
that there's a very good way of
explaining it because meetups can make
me anxious but it's not because I'm
meeting so many people it's if I've got
time to is if I've got time for my
anxious thoughts to kind of happen I
suppose so if it's a meter like I would
fight like I found the cut cake meetup
slightly more difficult than a meet-up
a book signing because a book signing is
very fast-paced I don't have a lot of
time to stop and think and it happens
very quickly I'm meeting lots of people
whereas being with 20 people for two
hours is a lot harder for me it's really
hard to explain I feel like there's
probably a lot of you watching this I
like I totally get it which obviously is
very reassuring but I just wanted you
guys to know that if you're suffering
with anxiety please do something about
it don't just let it be a part of your
life and work about you away do
something about it and
is not it's not who you are
and that's what I wanted to say anxiety
is not who I am it's just a tiny
fraction of a behavior that I have
developed over an amount of time and it
doesn't mean it won't go away I don't
know if it's a wig just ain't somebody
who's anxious going
but why feeling anxious would mean like
if they're in if they're feeling anxious
don't say to them but what do you mean
wife analysis this is fine because it's
fine to you but it's not fine for them
yeah my therapist always says everyone
has their stuff which I a hundred 110
percent agree with I might get anxious
up in a restaurant but there could be a
lady set next to me who is really scared
of when a knife scrapes a plate and that
do you know I mean the waitress could be
having a really awful day like everyone
has the things that they struggle with
the things that they're dealing with and
yeah I guess it's just turned into like
a anxiety chinwag but I think what I was
trying to say was anxiety is not who you
are it's just a fraction of your life
and you can change it and it could take
a really long time like it's taking me
years years and years and years but
that's because I've built up the way my
mind works over ten years well I'm not
going to go away five years well yeah
his longer it's kind of obviously the
seed was planted a lot earlier on but my
mind is used to one way of it working I
suppose it's not a very good way of
freezing it after retreating I had to
undo everything in the last 15 years I
have to undo everything that I have done
for the last 15 years and sometimes I
get disheartened and I get frustrated
and I cry to Alfie and I say why did I
find Joe's premiere so hard I just
wanted to enjoy it you guys see me with
a smile on my face and assume that
everything is really easy it's not I
have to work very hard
to do those things and there is no it's
not at all my battery died no but we
love
