hello everybody welcome to vlogmas day
look at your face my good neck we are
off shopping in the land and it's
actually such a beautiful day I'm also
gonna get run over
when I run it out and it's measuring
exactly
Louise's favorite spot in Brighton is
the lanes so that is where we have come
my blinded smell that you haven't had
any breakfast yet
I had a spoonful of yogurt yep okay um I
drove you eat this car again and I'm
slowly falling in love with the Lord to
rustic life I kind of woman well
I know I run the dark
I know I feel like it's gonna be really
weird now though when I get back into my
own car and I don't change gear right
we're going this way
it's cute little bakery that was never
there before yeah go for it
what is this place called don't know but
look hot snacks don't know that does not
say Stan accesses savories
what are you going for that much like
the best ever try everything you would
ever need darzee's found a flubber it is
magic go on give me give me your best
either that or a crab party bag toys do
you know what I mean I used to have
those in my party bags no no are you
getting about are you yeah can I have a
look at it why don't you get one in the
wrapper
yeah that's getting very chilly Darcys
town shopkeepers that with stealing she
walked into a shop going I'm gonna say
something and everyone loved it but
he'll watch out for her like haha
Louise was finds that where we are the
mirrors I can't remember the shop she
needs art and mirrors
just take a Louisville to editors you
know it's some nice little bit to their
that shop use went in his editors this
one is unlimited which is like lovely
pieces of art and I just feel like
Louise is going to really like it look
how amazing it's painted as well
Nicolette yeah
good morning so Ella fans this is Louise
reporting from my own car that I was
driving because I can't drive around
Brighton I don't watch revenue places so
he has asked me to finish off my section
of the vlog for me I'm going now back to
naproxen where I was I'd OH
trim is just gonna and you said to me
that it can still roll back a bit it can
a little bit though I'm a bit like just
thought I would say that this is the
last time you'll see Louise in this vlog
now because she is going to be heading
hi I'm Toni and Shia and
to my little little house retreat
personal palace they say an Englishman's
home is his castle
in English oh that's right anyway it's
been room it's been really nice he's got
some great art in that last shot I am
I'll show you one of my vlogs soon so
feel free to come on over to sprinkle
chapter we should do this more often I
think one of my new year's resolutions
in 2016 is like make more effort
actually go to see people because often
I'm like there's no time but like you
can make time make it happen so we'll
just make you happen
okay cool now Zoey's next bit will
probably be like a dog or something
maybe yeah
is around goal just someone else's dog
look at this Alsatian it's very fluffy
Louise and Ozzie have now gone home and
although the day started off so lovely
and sunny it's gone really dark and a
bit miserable now so I thought it would
be perfect weather for the ultimate hot
chocolate which is what I am doing now
the hot chocolate that I'm using is this
which I'm obsessed with this one gue
salted caramel hot chocolate I actually
put this in one of my blog posts I think
it was my like autumn essentials it's so
good you can actually drink it cold -
and I've got another one up here which
is just a Belgian chocolate but they're
really delicious and you can have them
cold like a milkshake is there that fit
or you can heat them up and have
marshmallows and whipped cream which is
exactly what I'm gonna do are you
jealous
no I thought you're actually gonna drink
it are you jealous gorgeous without
losing the thing you're the one that
didn't hold on to the handle I know but
I am yeah ouch want any big of a big of
a sip oh my gosh I've got a lot of cream
on there
no you didn't get any on your mouth did
you guys my blog won't process it's been
stuck
it's so frustrating because I spend so
long editing especially vlogs because
you guys know how much footage I film I
uploaded 30 minutes but that's cut down
like that is cut down most of the time I
film like over an hour's worth of
footage and then when I eventually get
it to save because obviously saving
takes a while too because there's so
much footage and file why are you
pointing outside oh you're politely
saying get out what was that
I honestly thought that was like oh god
there's so many noises alright I'm going
I'm leaving you miserable little sod
anyway Alfie just accepted a parcel and
he was like it's for you and I didn't
really see what it was but I don't know
for me or not know like oh what did you
just look at then I honestly have no
idea what this is
bakery in-store bakery made in Taiwan
whoa frozen product I'm gonna have to
open this and find out what this is
because I have not ordered any frozen
products from Taiwan interesting I don't
think so it says frozen products for
in-store bakery from Taiwan yes it does
I promise you it says in-store frozen
products in-store bakery okay I'm gonna
open this oh I know what it is
it's Joe's Christmas present I'm
obviously not going to show it because
he's gonna watch this this box and his
tape has nothing to do with what's
inside it so it's not made in Taiwan and
it's definitely not frozen products for
a bakery but it is very exciting I'm
very excited by this yeah cool cool cool
cool Christmas present
sorted but Joe sugg and actually he's a
really hard person to buy for as his
Alfie deyes because I just feel like I
know them very well I know they don't
want anything and anything they do want
they buy for themselves because they
have the means to thus making it a
little more difficult for me to think oh
this is something that they don't have
I'll buy it so Joe and Alfie are
definitely the hardest people to buy for
at Christmas
therefore I'm very happy with what I've
got Joe is more of like a meaningful
present than something of a lot of value
so yeah I'm excited for him to open that
which I'm sure you will see in the vlogs
because sorry I'm walking back in
because we're going back home to
Wiltshire as I've said I think I said
before when I saw Joe who dark we still
haven't gone too out these mum and dad's
either I think we're doing that in a
minute we're going back home and we're
going to be doing like Christmas with my
mum side of the family and then we're
gonna be seeing my dad it's gonna be
good I'm very excited about it
tell you what I'm not excited about my
reappearing spots run my mouth they all
went away again now they've come back
again so that's fun we need to do this
we really need to do this we're now I
mean Alfie has 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 presents to
open
so maybe we should do that when we get
back but we are still popping over to
our fees mom and dad's and we're going
to take this little one to see buzz oh
did you see that she she thought she was
doing and looked at me I'm not gonna
repeat it she would just get too excited
but anyway yeah that is what we're gonna
do I'm sorry this vlog it's super chatty
um I don't really know where the days
gone
I really don't just been I don't hang
away you're not supposed to eat it now
allow she's like choking on the flap
we've arrived at Amanda and Nick he'll
let you can see me in the mirror and I'm
happy all right well there we go we
ready sealing treat look how gorgeous
Amanda's tree is there's the little
decoration I bought her little buck
it looks quite sweet wasn't it you just
stopped in history that's not nice
it's really pretty I love it really
really Christmassy house it's so cool my
t-shirts from Topshop it's not it's from
whistles it's from whistles it's what do
you know that meat don't go you that
nope I think I won't pop me that top
knit to the other day did you um my Oh
for me yeah that's true alpha people
anyone stocking presents yet honestly or
empty just finished I was finishing not
October ridiculous yeah right what I was
gonna say is the vlogs ah yay day 13 why
did we do this Oh
I'm back in the room I can't tell you
how nice it is to just be sat in it this
fire right now we have a real fire I
know that's one thing I just feel like
every house should have to make it super
cozy is like a real fire like a
crackling fire and then you can roast
your chestnuts toast your marshmallows
on it all toasting of foods on earth um
also I just want to show you how
adorable novice jumper is this is
actually one of my favorite ones that
she has it's stripy with a little
gingerbread man on it with a little bell
and it's by pet London they will rip
really generous and sent a little
selection of them to the PIO box
oh well if she keeps still there we go
and that's my favorite one I think like
it is cute yummy
look at them watch it Oh fuzzy so you'll
need look at the eyes on this now they
look terrifying shooting buzzy at Nala
you guys any day
Oh PJ what are they a romper is it this
idea it's like the traditional onesie
like a little pudgy geez
do you own any Christmas bujji's I do
anyway we're gonna do I'll be calendar
now because you will keep commenting our
fifth calendar and we've just been so
busy we've not done it would you Jamie
god no even though it's right there on
the wall the longest is literally
opening this doesn't matter just rip it
open no I looked them sure that's
definitely no see
with a snog there you go what does it
say
the hunt is almost over but before you
relax it's definitely not for seven
definitely not in the other
take a peek where we keep our hats relax
honey is always over but before you
relax
take a peek where we keep our what
rhymes with relax look at how many
letters relax
sacks almost yeah I got rain max yeah
snaps you didn't look at how many
letters it was that would have given it
away a bit all the dots actual letters
yeah no then little lines open open what
am I gonna do Wow quick Oh Oh pick them
up this is cool this is so cool I like
this it's five Christmas scratch card
you okay gonna see if you can win
anything
number nine you need to put these back
in oh yeah look where we keep the but I
didn't realize I'd dash dash dash dash
dash snacks
follow this clue to where I do my big
stinky that's not it okay to find a
present for you this one's quite easy is
inside to your right my thing good I've
been doing today I think he's just gonna
slain all right
I like this clue find a present for you
this one's quite easy is inside your
easy right how many dashes for right so
it's a four letter word why I'm easy
no it rhymes with you and do and it's
all letters what you see inside your
follow this clue to find a present for
you
this quite
this one's quite easy it's inside your
shoe
well done Alfie deyes oh my goodness did
you do poetry in school right there's a
lot of shoes down there oh what one
there we go Lunn he wasn't gonna make it
to Mars haven't got all day
I've forgotten all the things I've
bought you let me see
elf snow globe oh yeah okay yeah this
one is easy
yeah get your feet long right next time
wes is like that is this the last one of
course it's not try looking in a place
where it's really hot
well done where does it get hot
everywhere in this house I think you
were this room or bedroom right how many
things are gonna thinking quite
literally then right three hot a pot no
al but
means it's 3/4 the word hot doesn't mean
that's 3/4 where it's hidden it's 3/4
the word hot I mean you could put a pot
in there enjoy your place yeah why don't
you start looking it's like Finders
Keepers in the house where they have to
look all the places it gets hot it's
downstairs though I'm not gonna lie
no that's very different think about it
where it gets really hot yeah more pjp
one chance of today I wasn't dressed so
nice yeah yeah I really like those I'm
gonna wear them to bed tonight yeah
that's okay if you find what you use to
brush your teeth the next clue will be
within reach not not rhyme that one if
you find what you use the brush your
teeth the next clear will be within your
reach room kind of right Oh Scott this
is like Christmas come on what are they
what are they yeah yes
for its Maltesers Lana what is it look
at that Center bottle 100g one of those
that's it that's so sick like a
transform when you turn your Santa into
a cube is like it's a game centered game
Rubik's Cube yep another clue must be
told
if you look where your milk and you stay
yeah
this cleans your clothes was oh well I
mean it Oh what is spinning around look
around this and your present will be
found know that you're gonna come and
help me coming in okay don't worry
so everything in there
I got it broken when I shoved it is what
the hell
it's a really silly thing
oh man
yeah I'm just gonna walk around in this
take it all day let me feel you you're
already four bears in the band song you
should do your scratch cards in your
vlog and see if you win anything right
shree end the vlog here I'm gonna be
really long when I vlog without fake
hello oh hi guys I'm here with Alfie I
mean it could be Elfie
it could be anyone you never know anyone
know put it down it whatsoever
put it down should we sit down together
this is not attractive this makes me
like I've got a really long neck right
let's just cut the crap let's go to bed
I think I still need to wrap in my hair
I hope you enjoyed it give it a little
thumbs up see you again I really hope
you're enjoying flop mess I'm really
enjoying it I'm enjoying it too I love
you good night
that's what he does
good night get like a pulp
