hello everybody and welcome to vlogmas
day
I actually kind of can't believe is the
eleventh already I still have so much to
do
I've had a bit of a like semi stressful
morning basically realizing I set myself
too much to do in December
I know it's my own fault but I'm doing
so much editing filming writing blogs
I'm doing so much of this stuff but I
feel like I'm not doing any of the kind
of other little bits and pieces that I
really wanted to do like I've still got
some Christmas presents to buy I haven't
really wrapped any Christmas presents
yet so I need to do that even like our
advent calendars I'm forgetting to do
basically I'm like I feel like this
month is just like whizzing by and I
don't want it to I've been planning this
but so long I've been planning all these
videos for like months and now it's just
disappearing I'm gonna do my advent
calendar right now this is not your one
nala
this one's my one because I haven't done
it since the 7th so we got a few to do
and I fancy a little bit chocolate and I
am gonna from one of the big old snowmen
because I'm hungry dog boy bite where we
look in ate looking her lip
this is the problem guys she just thinks
every advent calendar now is a doggy
advent calendar okay we've got a little
sock that is quite possibly the cutest
thing I've ever seen pop him up there no
it's not for you sit good girl 9 there
we go there's the old 9 I kind of want
to watch the Snowman you know but father
Christmas cute pop him on the side 10
now that's it sit sit sit
this is not VA it's uh no day one fella
I can't get oh there we go
another little snow globe and then 11:00
a little Christmas cake this could be
another snowman what we say in and then
I'm gonna go for one of these Plowboys
because it doesn't instruct me of one to
do it
look at that a little mask oh well isn't
that just the best thing you've ever
seen
I wish every day there was a chocolate
this big look at her looking at it is
that for me no this is not for you this
is for me oh my god there's stuff inside
it anyway I'm gonna eat this now and pop
me calendar back come on then Oliver
let's do yours
ah look my videos finished processing
for today my vlog that's the start of it
I looked so gross in yesterday's vlog I
was editing it like oh it looks so great
that was really tired and I bloody fell
asleep without ending my vlog I'm so
annoyed I remember dreaming thinking I
need to wake up because I need to end my
vlog never did did I write what day did
we get up to we've done you we've done
you up to speed pretty much just need to
do today
what is this hard to get through
Internet my god
there we go needed a thumb high five
yeah good girl and down good girl
there we go did you like those its tyre
gems Christmas party later so I need to
wrap up their Christmas present I've
only got Jim a little something I'm top
one of time years presence was the
onesie that I gave her the other day but
I just have a couple of other little
bits to take with me um hey you coming
you coming miss me mm-hmm
yes I'm excited to go there's gonna be a
lot of peeps there it's gonna be very
festive
all the things I love and actually I
don't remember the last time I ever went
to like a Christmas house party so yeah
very excited for that I feel like it's
gonna be really fun Alfie's back from
the gym yeah yeah and I don't know if
any of you remember that back in the
summer I ordered one of these bad boys
which is a wood box which is a
subscription service whoa for dogs
actually I would make a really great
present this time of year for somebody
who's got a dog or who's just got a
puppy or something you can go online oh
I'm not being sponsored to say this
either I actually just researched it
myself and decided I would love it
ie not a little of it you go along and
you kind of type in the specifications
of the sort of dog you've gone or treats
yeah
you're like yeah so you can kind of
tailor it a bit more than there's a lot
of really good dog subscription services
but I like this one because you can
retailer it a little bit more so this
month's box has arrived I feel it could
have a slight Christmas theme although I
could be wrong so I thought I would open
it on camera and we can get knowledge
reaction okay right let's have a look oh
my goodness puppy what do we have here
we've got a little Lily's kitchen this
is the brand where we have the advent
calendar from this is everything you
need to know about worth box ok let's
see what we've got
festive chopped biscuit bones presents
for my dog biscuit you're like those
won't you very cool so you've got those
what's this Christmas biscuits turkey
and cranberry with thyme and cinnamon oh
they sound nice that's Lily's kitchen I
wonder if those are like the ones in her
I think she might have these in her
calendar actually open those and have a
look at what this nala a flashing nose
it's a ball oh I think it flashes
that'll be fun we'll get that out in a
second something else from Lily's
kitchen wild woodland walk so this is a
lush feast of venison and duck with
salmon oh and they're perfect treat size
as well amazing what else oh look she's
gonna love this outlook
Hollings Hollings bull's pizzle chu
Hollings air dried sausage pointers
Ovilus biscuit snack for dogs oh look at
these she's like oh my god I just need
to eat them there's loads in this one
Lily's kitchen Merry Christmas
three bird feast ahaha amazing we could
give you this for dinner on Christmas
Day and then it'll be like you're having
your meal - brilliant and then we've got
two little Christmas mouse that's such a
cute box very happy with that perfect
that was a good one wasn't it I wonder
which thing we should try her with I
kind of want to see if she likes these
two because I know Lily's kitchen a
really really good trucho have one of
these yeah wait wait wait Oh which one
was that the turkey the turkey one she's
sniffing them she's not sure him Nala
get him get him come on get him this is
the only time it ever looks like Nala is
smiling look at her she's smiling oh oh
you nearly got him you got him
okay I am slightly more dulled up now
because I'm about to head off to Tanya
and Jim's Christmas party and it's a
good hour and 20 minute drive away so I
am going to head on the road got my bag
got my keys I'll be staying here cuz he
is writing stuff for his look like a
good boy
although he is sad to be missing out on
the fun aren't you you're missing out on
all the fun
yes I'll make sure you don't I'll keep
checking up on you
could you show you them my outfit maybe
yeah yeah why not look at the boots are
so plain or so you don't want to be in
heels you're just going to chew our
house yeah it's not like you're dancing
yeah they will my Kate is from Topshop
and you can take this off little sofa
color my dress is green I don't know if
you can see it's like a wraparound dress
and it's three-quarter length sleeves
and this is also from Topshop got tights
and these boots are Phillip Lim I think
is the brand and I got those on
net-a-porter they're like the country's
boots I've ever owned in my life and
then I've got my Rimmel 107 my trusty
room or 107 okay I'm in the car I'm
about to set off it's really freakin
cold but I've got smooth xmas on so I'm
happy
let's go to London
I'm here with Maddy we've arrived at
Tanya in Sims somebody is getting and
what's it hold I think it's the the
ginger is at the gingerbread yeah the
gingerbread Tanya and Jim have got the
world's biggest candle yeah that is the
is it just the white company winter
night each other right now what poor Jim
and Alfie look how gorgeous time work is
this a needle and thread number again
yeah I want to say that your house looks
incredible and it feels very fact
there's a lot coming from Festival Zoe
exactly you've done me very proud
well I'm really sorry if my breath
smells like cheese mistakes me really
queasy my dad did my dad service Thank
You cheese what do you man Oh where'd
you get all these lovely Garland's
that's a white company and Jim put that
one up well I'm gonna thank you for
having me I'm very excited everyone gets
attention sorry we're going to take a
box or a Santa Bell maybe not I need any
more like you stole my logical
you can't give it to get those well I'm
gonna have to know you said that right
guys how's your clock was going I said
how's your vlogmas going bad mrs. listen
our puppets still have no Christmas
decorations I told you quit 5 to first
white group the order online
I know it's nice brand-new birthday in
my blog houses have a block on you
I think you might just have to flick it
somewhere a little bogey slurring in
my mom used to scratch my head no where
is boys mummy's just carry around my
high whimper himself and I meant a
slight waistband yeah I bet that hurt in
that discussion very watch this Oh Chico
Turk Hey look I even have a I even have
a Boston accent that's been roaming on
the other
I wish good you heard that want to
McKenzie
this is my this is my hand Tonya's dress
that's classic Joan Kathy always has
been in a baby's mouth as well oh just
the right time guys it is quarter past
midnight I am so tired is unreal I
cannot wait to get into my bed and curl
up and sleep and put the heated sheet on
oh my god I also am desperate for a pee
not gonna lie I thought I would end the
vlog in the car turn the music oh ow
he's ringing me okay so I'm gonna end
the vlog here
thank you so much for watching guys give
it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it I had
so much fun at Tyler in gyms it was so
chilled and lovely and yeah it was just
it was lovely and her house smell
amazing if there was anything that smell
of Christmas it was that and I wish I
could have bottled it and taking it home
but ya could go to sleep love you very
much good night
