hey lovey
hello I've only done half my makeup but
it's the next day I'm here with Alfie
Jonathan and Amelia there he is
Maddie and ang look you guys look really
company up there actually it's pretty
baby slow morning doesn't it although
you probably you weren't burning were
you
I've been up I've edited the vlog No
Alfie's a bit tired tired out there's
all my chair yeah looking bad now
showing refreshed I got my 20 mile run
in this way we've done it all this
morning Jonathan busy morning
Amelia what have you got in your hand
what's this what is it where did this
bachelor I don't bro get what we had
that we left the room why have you got a
newer spatula is that for baking because
you're swimming oh it's an oo ah so you
better get on the rowing boat then yeah
we wrote it over here did you come on a
boat
yes are you going on your boat home yes
she's a shot oh you a shock I thought
you were cheating on the bones no she's
on my team now high five yeah Jonathan
come on Thea shocked are you sure - yeah
oh my great white shark you're pregnant
excuse him guys having a baby huh it's a
pink unicorn can you imagine
oh well she found three to 100 you look
like a princess you say under my
umbrella what do you do in okay oh oh
it's like a tenant Oh every 100 we just
it doesn't really stay up so I'll just
hold it with my feet this is a very nice
day July see me right
Alfie come on my Ralphy you had to get
into the tent how this is good that's
should we sleep here tonight
blankets Downers this is this the best
an ever so for Christmas from Santi do
you want to umbrellas that's all you
want I'm taking record of this now Oh
everyone's getting in the coach
obviously me Althea driving up came to
say goodbye to people I'm on the page
feelings mornin alright why I know you
know there's always that one person that
the Christmas pie just goes bit - okay
Paige is gonna go about yeah oh wait Joe
isn't Iommi on that two seconds it's not
I watched it fly there's no being okay
son I promise I watched it fly off okay
yeah Jim don't be mean
so we're going now but Tanya and Jim are
going back to Oz which I'm very excited
so I've got lots of fun things planned
but we always have a great time don't
guys we do every sure day hon is very
excited cuz I'm gonna go to the shop
when we get back I love a good shop
excitable Waitrose see I went crazy on
Saturday morning she lost her shape do
you have to run out of weight sure
because the nearest and restaurant so if
that happens today I've got you all
right it's fine it's fine
but yeah we're gonna go shopping
and just have a really all right
oh okay so we're gonna go get in our car
now see in a bit guys safe journey only
they've journey let's see who gets to my
house first I mean they're already in
the car their car compared to your mini
as well hey my menu goes quite far
please Oh No how annoyed ten how annoyed
ten right safe trip guys see you later
Tong morning
we're on inside now we've had a bit of
laptop Club just getting all the vlogs
up for you guys yet lots of blogs
tonight Jim's peckish we all know why
not go give it a thumbs up and subscribe
yeah if you're leaving you thought
Conchords that's every day Jim so Jim's
packing sure we all know what happens
when Jim gets hungry yeah angry he gets
hungry so I've got these and I've told
him he has to try them because I
actually think you'll enjoy them and
they're very like intense fishing Cheers
fish and chips mushy know something
vinegar oh that's so good but really
yeah aren't they really intense they're
gonna be fishing no they're not not only
know about this they like skip season
loves games I didn't realize that meant
fish fish favor
yeah prawn flavor prawn cocktail coming
up
you good yeah they're good aren't they
they make your jaw right like fizz yeah
to me every time I stop
Alfie's making Jimmer shake Tom still in
laptop club
and then we're gonna go to wait roads
and pick up a few bits and pieces we
need to get Jim some waxing strips for
his back yeah
shoulders and just a few little snacks
and bits and then we'll be coming back
very impressed we're driving to wait
roads aren't we yeah aren't we team
always lobe of traffic we've arrived at
Waitrose and jim says he's been to this
one before she's quite excited to be
back fighting it's very nice to be back
look at these two one
nothing Ginetta sighing okay come on
brain
right what do we need
yes you can put it on your pan game
we're gonna make them pancakes tomorrow
so I need eggs actually reminds me I
don't salmon I want either bacon or like
we should try to do like candied bacon
yeah yeah salmon I need to get yes
well back from Waitrose and are you
moving away from the downloads I've got
a present behind my back baton for
tonight I'll never shut your eyes and
guessing yeah yeah it's a route to get
to present no no DVD nice underwear is
it for tonight did you come back for
hanging out in the living room I've got
it I've got it
what and I didn't just look by the way
very nice come on see straight right you
shut your eyes and hold your hands out
important me guessing although that was
yeah I bought matching ones really this
exact one no you didn't
it's from ASA it's a Chelsea something
yeah mine and we can put them on and be
twins
so mine and I've got one for NIM Bob's
and in Bob's if you're watching because
you couldn't make it I've got one for
you as well yeah so cool they're also
not like you yeah they're like really
nice ones have you tried it on no not
yet I think this was once a Tanya burr
like it's like she's melted yeah look at
this little puddle you've left on the
floor it's like you were there and then
you just vanished and your clothes just
so in here we're all getting all festive
but we've got some camembert some carrot
sticks and her murse some apple and some
French stick and it is delicious see it
doesn't like you were in a Christmas
jumper now that you're stopped by a
Christmas tree James Christmas jumper
well which one of yous mind you both the
same people what's in it I was so close
to buying this of Tanya it was in my my
wish list yeah Jim this would have been
so great just that you know you were
right on Troy's - lighted by it now what
are you doing she's running at the TV we
are little Christmas hats okay cool
we're here to celebrate Christmas cheer
yeah and spread it okay
spread Christmas today yeah bless you
I've had an absolute mare with my upload
we went out to wait roads as you saw and
I left uploading and it was going really
fine normal upload speed I was like oh
great I'll be done in like 10 minutes
let's leave that until we find came back
and it hadn't moved so it was still
uploading so as I came back I had to
then like kind of re upload it and wait
for it to process which took so long
because I think it's quite a big video
it was over two gigabytes it's just it's
quite a big file so I think that's why
it kind of messed up a bit so sorry the
vlogmas was late yesterday but it was
out of my control my internet did not
play ball so now the food's arrived
everyone is fat munch it is it nice
wonder why you were sniffing the chicken
jiff that big old chickens up there boys
I went for a pizza but I am so full of
carrot camembert bread and hummus that
I've kind of nibbled it a bit and I'll
come back to that later but we are also
going to be filming a video which will
probably do three videos we're going to
film three videos so it's going to be
like a video marathon but they're all
really fun and they're all quite kind of
quick videos so excited to do that after
dinner we're also watching Arthur
Christmas
because it is one of the best Christmas
films ever and everyone here agrees
which makes me very happy and it means
that that we can all remain friends
forever
we've just finished filming our videos
we filmed one for my channel and we also
film one for Jim so I'm really excited
for you to see those just made a little
hot chocolate ice a little it's pretty
freakin big look at that mmm
I had the GU salted caramel hot
chocolate which is incredible it's so
amazing this is not for you Nala bear I
look straight on my lap any given chance
it's time to wax Jim's shoulders we've
all we've all gathered around for the
occasion it's a special day here in the
tunneler salon yeah we opened up there
quite bad are they really not like
terrible but how many votes will it take
yes yes we'd probably do you have me
bloomers oh there's Christmas special ah
that way this way yeah you sure yes
going oh yeah that was 300 there Zoe oh
that way I can't like it if you had some
sort of you have some sort of order
there wasn't going to be less yeah I'd
like if we if I had areas that were
missed
oh it's moving online all right Jim's
got to show you other people's shoulders
I don't mind my client oh that it just
is my very soul is really sore please
eat it up she's not that's why this is
bleeding
- you feel like the whole thing with it
am I done I might be done because we're
now drying out its butt crack is the
hairiest thing I think you need to pull
from both both bits it
now someone needs to get down the boys
are now a lot less hairy me and tan have
done a very great job I think everyone
will agree nobody James so engrossed in
Hesston right now I said let me Anton
did a great job did a great job yeah
yeah I'm gonna end the vlog here now I
hope you guys have enjoyed today's video
give it a thumbs up if you did and I'll
see you again tomorrow the highest you
can do it
