oh hello and welcome to blogeee mistake
this morning I am going to make some
pancakes I've made these before
it's the Jamie Oliver recipe but they're
just amazing they're big thick fluffy
american-style pancakes so I thought I'm
gonna make those I'm gonna wake up
tomorrow I'm gonna go downstairs and I'm
gonna make some pancakes I think alphas
gonna come down and help me in a minute
but they are so delicious and I'm gonna
make like there is different things you
can put on top I'm thinking yogurt and
banana might be quite nice okay so for
this recipe you'll need three large
free-range eggs 115 grams of plain flour
one heat teaspoon of baking powder 140
milliliters of milk and 1 pinch of salt
separate the eggs between whites into
one ball and yokes yokes yolks into
another add flour baking powder and milk
to the yolks and mix to a smooth thick
batter whisk the whites with the salt
until they form stiff peaks and fold
into the butter it is now ready to use
okay let's do that
I'll just throw up on the route just
realize I put a pinch of salt into this
ingredient when I wasn't to put it in
here so I put a pinch of salt in here
and a pinch of salt in here it could be
quite salty maybe I should add a pinch
of sugar to balance out I don't know we
just put a lot of sugar on top of them
right adding the milk and then we can
whisk all that together okay I am now
going to attempt to hand whisk these egg
whites and it does take a while but I
can't bother to use the KitchenAid
okay the next thing you have to do is to
fold the stiff egg whites into your
other butter and have a pan on a sort of
medium heat I'm gonna put in quite low I
feel like a lot of people make the
mistake of putting their pan too high
and then the pancakes firm so yeah
that's good
okay let's fold this in
ah okay looking good yeah get tosser
Alfie's the troughs are in this
household I made it funny
yeah one pancake down hit bit so great
next one
thank you do forgive me he's third
around the grave gonna put some
chocolate chips in this one and pancakes
are done hope you've got Jam and this is
the option if they look quite good don't
they look really good it looks like a
proper American stack yeah literally
just blew this out just in time as it's
the seventh I always do this I leave it
for far too long
silly Zoe hey Zoe anyway I am going to
make myself and Alfie some lunch why is
it so dark I should have some lower
lights on I'm gonna make us some lunch
and I really wanna make us some beans on
toast with grated cheese ever since we
had it at that place so we got the
Christmas tree farm I've been craving it
so that is more on Monday
are you a Heinz beans kind of person
because I don't like any other baked
beans unless the Heinz because Heinz is
just the best yummy all done how much do
you want to eat this right now right
this one is being an idiot today one
because you are right we're going to run
some errands do some stuff we've both
been editing working
I've just been editing my video with
Gabby which is going up on Wednesday so
tomorrow as you're watching this you're
right out you just thinking to sue more
stupid Rhymes I was thinking so it's so
funny well you have to share it with the
audience you know that video guys eating
the book Florrie and then a boy ethanol
grubber slums brakes in the car
Oh
I mean I honestly would never speak to
you ever again if you hit that won't be
happening yeah I know oh yes you do
they're in your pocket yes probably
should take some money have you got some
money
watch you doing that more whatever oh
yeah yeah I'm sure they do as well
sucker men's what's in my bag that's one
thing about look how smart this is how
did Alfie not know that I was gonna get
him some house for Christmas is the
question I'm gonna give to you because
you told me it was I always say to outfi
never buy yourself nice things
oh my god or anything what there's a
spider on my head in the airport oh if
you wanna find my wallet and you really
wanna steal it if you wanna find my
wallet cut your hand
oh wow I'm gonna spray a little bit of
this
this smells absolutely incredible it's
body shop if it wants to focus Italian
summer fig oMG if you never smelt this
before go and smell it it smells
incredible
we also need to do this I don't know
what present I want to give them today
no is it true what you're saying earlier
about what you've never won before
what's wrong with you today he's taken
like ten year-old tablet because I had a
big breakfast and the protein through
anna made you lunch
I've made you breakfast and lunch today
do I get girlfriend points and can I
save them up for a massage no did you
bug a wallet
have you found it but her no it's gone
red
I think we need to leave now look at my
hair is bloody mad well let's just take
mine shall we I've given up on you given
up on you and your wallet
no he doesn't
it's all right guys I have been having a
right old battle with the internet I
don't know what is wrong with it and I
think it might just be my laptop but I
can't load anything how my videos got up
on time today I have no idea because
they've been uploading all day and my
vlog finished processing 2 minutes
before it was scheduled to your life so
I don't know what's happening so I need
to sort the internet out but it's been
driving me crazy there's not many things
that frustrate me to almost tears but
when I can't refresh a speed test site
of naik but what I'm gonna do now is do
my advent calendar because I keep
forgetting to do it if I'm gonna do my
Thornton's one I don't you know what
guys I'm just not digging the Dairy Milk
one because they're really thick
chocolates and they've got stuff in the
middle just not digging it I should have
got just like your bog-standard dairy
milk I don't know why I forgot all
adventurous and went for a bigger one
anyway let's do this how many days I
missed one two three okay open for great
okay so you've got five little mitten is
that middle okay and then what's the Hat
oh it's just a father Christmas nah
there's no man I mean no it's not your
advent calendar wait good girl
I'll look a little blue oh look at her
she's a pirate
thank you another little present
no today's one but good girl this
snowman kind of feel like watching this
no man actually and the little dog I
just tried to tap the dog to focus it
Wow
you want to do yours them right we're
all up to date with that one pop him
back in there this one's yours puppy
isn't it
hey wait sit cool girl five oh look at
him
sit I think I might have to break this
in half screw it
you can have that one and then just get
all over the sofa fun times and then
there's two of these nice put those
there for now I'm sure she will be
finished in any second and then seven ah
some mortal bones I feel like the bones
are her favorite only look at her we sat
down look at this I just don't know if
you can eat all this I should have done
it every day
there you go maybe we'll pop these on
the side I'll give you one more bone and
that's probably enough okay I'll give
you two more bones okay we'll save these
ones okay pop is that nice
you're chumming a little bit not gonna
lie good girl you love your
and oh don't you look so cute it is time
for our fees are friends then turn--turn
I need my own little jingle this in the
morning no getting up running downstairs
taking the hook
get it out there we go
Percy empty then I filled with rage why
well you'll have to find out that your
present today is behind their kids TVs
enter every morning on that it's not you
what is it feels like some socks to me
they're adventure time your Amitha
that's sick
are you gonna wear that know that oh
you're gonna match my dad that's for you
are you trying to do you want to pay
I'll give some to my dad then as well
they're cute aren't they they're so cool
thought you could wear a pair on
Christmas Day yeah then I apparently
like slow everyone a beach yeah yeah
cool thank you
yeah just making you more and more
festive every single day every day I'm
gonna end up with like Santa's outfit on
or something yeah that's day 24
basically a full-on father Christmas
suit with the earth and fuck all that
this is what I have to deal with when I
edit like she legit will not go anywhere
else I've tried to put her on the sofa
behind me no that's not good enough even
though she has a laptop on top of her
that I'm trying to edit on she still
won't move world's neediest puppy right
here she's literally fast asleep how is
that comfortable you're like cold you so
comfy do you just love me so much that
you don't want to move
how am I ever going to get 24 days of
the weather and vlogmas done if you're
gonna sit on me all the time she looks
really big from here from this angle
like a little baby
hey welcome she's got foundation on her
lip guys she always goes to investigate
my makeup and she obviously sniffed
around the pump on my foundation so now
she's got a splodge of foundation on her
lip and we can't get it off because she
won't let us what girl I think she
thinks she looks really pretty with it
she's like no don't take my makeup off I
feel so pretty how about you go up here
look good girl yeah that's it you go up
there is that okay if you like that
see how long she lasts oh look the
laptops here this is what she does oh
it's so hard to move you though because
you're so cute
she's like hugging me she's like no
please don't put me back on the sofa I
just wanna be with you rich we are the
world's neediest puppy dog well if
there's no more videos from me guys it's
because I'm sat here I can't move
because of this one does anyone else
have a super needy dog or pet for that
matter because I know that some people
have really needy cats as well but like
when I say she's the neediest dog I I
really mean it like wherever we go
wherever we're sad she has to be with us
or on our laps or I don't know like she
very rarely takes herself off she
doesn't a couple of times like the other
day when I filmed her in her pen she'll
sometimes wonder off if was stood up
because she can't lie on us but if we
sat down this always happens
else on again by the way just feel like
you need to make the most of this
Christmas TV because literally come
January there will be no good films on
the telly so it doesn't matter if I'm
what else like eight times already so
basically we both fell asleep at 8 p.m.
and woke up at 1 that's not good I don't
know why that happened we must have just
been really tired and I was like because
Alfie was falling asleep and I was like
oh I just shut my eyes for a moment I'll
get a little nap in before actual bed
time bad idea Navin that past like 6:00
p.m. this is never gonna work so that's
what happened
and now I feel really wide awake and
it's like 2 a.m. so there we go we've
got to go to the clean Christmas party
tomorrow so we're setting off at about
10 a.m. I'm gonna end the vlog here
thank you so much for watching sorry
that today there wasn't really much
going on I've just been editing a lot I
knew they were gonna be a couple of
those days in here because obviously I
have a lot of videos to upload so I've
been editing editing editing and yeah
thank you so much for watching the video
a little thumbs up if you enjoyed it
I'll see you again tomorrow and of
course your fingers that I actually
managed to fall back asleep
