good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day 5
oh I just smudged my lipstick all down
my chin I was fun huh how how do I even
do that got too excited my intro didn't
I reppin the Charlotte's Hillberry
Glastonbury let me come to the window so
you can actually see it in like proper
lighting there you go I love it
I've just washed my hair I've had a bath
I've edited both videos for today and
it's only midday so I'm not doing too
bad so today mark is coming round which
I'm really excited about he should
literally be here any second
so I'm keeping an eye out I don't know
what we're gonna get up to yeah I just
thought it would be really cool for us
to hang out oh I can see him he's
getting out of his car
mum what's he doing I feel weird I'm
just like creeping on him
always putting stuff in his bag I'll see
God always his phone yet that's his
phone scratching his arm I was gonna go
into town but it's a Saturday and town
on a Saturday is already kind of hectic
let alone oh what's he doing always
bringing in his wing mirrors very good
very good if you're parking on the road
always put your wing mirrors in town on
Saturdays is busy anyway let alone like
two weekends before Christmas so I don't
know whether that's a very good idea I
am however very hungry and I'm craving a
wagga moment so I'm gonna see if Mark
wants to order some food I mean it's
just gonna be a really nice chilled day
we'll probably watch some Christmas
films eat lots of food and just chat
he still hasn't got out of his car what
is he doing he's faffing oh he's getting
out he's getting out here he comes oh oh
he's got a nice t-shirt on you'll see in
a minute lovely geometric pattern
here he comes oh the wind is ruining his
hair he's not happy it's not it's not
happy about that that's so funny
so mark braved the winds and he managed
to get here from across the road good
luck with a nun brother in this wind it
was quite funny I did what she doing
that little crab walk it's really strong
today I can hear it like rattling
everything yeah the calls we made as
soon as I went into fifth gear I'm just
like that I know so the first time mark
came round he brought this bag and in it
he had lots of treats for Nala and now
Nala will not leave marks bag alone she
said there must be look at her she's a
bit stinky I need to give her a bar mmm
we could do that for you today I was
gonna do it yesterday but I forgot I ran
out of time
got the Christmas films on already we're
watching Miracle on 34th Street and we
were just talking about the film a
simple one I was like and we're just
talking about the film a simple wish
which I used to love and then pagemaster
which I also used to love and now we are
ordering some food and Mark was right in
saying that he liked Wakko bombers so
we're gonna go for a Wagner moment what
do you actually like to eat from working
on this I love squid oh do you
check you out I always go for the ever
so what's the word exotic yeah
Cassie curry okay katsu curry so what's
the squid thing you like umm fried squid
do you just want that you have to get
someone else surely teppanyaki Drummond
teppanyaki yeah it's done Nalla this
Christmas hat was annoying me
I live in ah
Nana what you do in your tea as some of
you might be aware oh hey
because I post it on Twitter mark came
round recently and we filmed a video for
my 24 days of so weather but it's not
coming up for so long like it's the 21st
yeah so the 21st is going to be the club
with Mark and it's so funny we both
already edited the videos so we're about
to watch them back we're watching marks
you know intro with a weird so I have a
bit of a Topshop delivery wow this is
screwed on that top bit there perfectly
round give it oh yeah that is fine it's
just that's it yeah could you iron it
always a bit much
whatever right now is your challenge
Weiser lovely got this little hat which
looks so small I quite like it yeah it's
nice it's nice I'll show you guys all
the little bits and pieces in a minute
I'm just unwrapping them all like a
little Topshop whole okay I'm gonna put
mark in charge of holding the camera
while I show you some of them a little
bit okay beautiful is it right it's all
right yeah I think so yeah this dress in
a lovely I would say quite nice
Christmas green I thought it would be
nice as boots maybe even this lip color
actually and that hat I agree which is
very very pretty kind of very Christmas
party where isn't it little lace sleeves
is it cool if torn no it's no secret
like little beads the green one but in a
burgundy purple berry color so know
which one went for all three then I got
this it's like a tire place it's nice
then I've got this one I feel like this
is very Christmas party nice sequins
personal faith yeah I got this stripey
dress which I thought would be really
nice with knee-high boots tights quite a
con 60s vibe I got this little grey
skirt just to tuck jumpers into except
rare got these little velvet black
shorts with a bit of crochet on the leg
strike yes very delicate it's got a lot
of lace the only thing that I think sure
and then you do that lace because
normally this link for me is a bit funny
but very pretty much like the place
saved I've got this which is a little
body and then you can wear that tucked
into jeans or with the shorts or the
skirt lovely that's very nice Topshop
whole boom boom shake the room our food
has arrived except there was a slight
issue with marks basically ordered the
beef chili ramen and the ramen went all
over the delivery drivers bag like it
just spilled everywhere so they've got
to get him another one which is really
nice
but now you've just got like waterless
ramen necessary it's quite dry yeah yeah
so they're getting him another one which
is a nice delicious or you've got you
drunk all your juice eater I'm your
squids come as well oh no and I gotta
wait for your ramen they drive even some
dry noodles on top
me and Mark are now reminiscing on old
kids TV programmes so far we've talked
about Joshua Jones the spooks
don't spook the wild house
what else was a classic that we were
talking about no the Queen's nose the
demon headmaster Harriet honestly when
Mark majors actually I was like no I've
never seen that when you showed me a
picture I was like oh my god what was it
called again Harriet how it's something
Jekyll what else were we talking about
I kind of want to say them in this blog
so I can come back to this and remember
them borrowers the borrower's history
yeah funny bones Charlie talk Huxley Pig
did you ever watch really really old
ones like the herb garden because we
used to get loads of VHS from the boot
sales and we used to think they were
brand new out and then we're really old
days where do we go Lumpy's oh I just
can't believe how much of the theme tune
that can still remember you know oh yeah
every day when you're walking down the
street everybody that you know oh my god
I wanted a library and hey let me close
it next to you because then we could
both been shot sorry me Nana and
granddad let me Nana me gran you mean an
immigrant reloading me crap my Nana and
Grandpa just take me to the library and
play a hey Arthur on the computer
basically we do you're in his house and
you have to click on certain things I'm
gonna have to find you because I'm
insane but it was amazing and you have
to do like that you can still get it and
play it you've got PC laptop I'm gonna
buy it I had a game called babies as I
said and it was like you've got a baby
and you had to feed it and change it
snappy and play with it because I also
played
on the PC I hope is it called hey pink
Panther's possible hello
I recognized that this is a hey ah
please
this stuff has been leading up to the
weather below you can click on stuff
pops up the cupboard dancing that we
arms just like complete there yeah him
psychic I love that and he just goes to
like all the time there's loads of them
you have to go to the library
it was me sadly tree all right we need
to go to the library to run out the
videos and CDs oh my god
so don't you all right now uh tell you I
used to do I used to pick out five CDs
take them home get them ripped on to my
computer this is this is a really good
way to get great selection of music
Julia Jaco and Harriet Hyde type that
into Google if you're over 20 20 how old
reckon they need to be about 20 over 20
yo my you might recognize it unless your
parents are like mine where you go to a
boot sale and get a an old video and you
think it's new out we've watched much
with mother Google watch with mother are
you afraid of the dog what happened in
that no just asking are you from the top
once we know gonna laugh so me and Joe
used to watch this as kids so we thought
it was new out whole bloody Alan so much
better all right just like hospital I'm
scared to me we used to think that this
was new no you did yeah
my dad oh my god yeah yeah what I was
like a classic yeah oh it's quite we
have a camera like what do you mean
because I can't see myself oh yeah
hello we're not listening hangover huh
yeah she's probably not that excited
about it shall we go
no she's quite good in the kitchen sink
but in the bath she gets it's too big I
think she feels a little bit like scared
right where can I put this while we
attempt to do this place let's find
something to put on
yeah perfect thank you very much mark
well call it snow is falling
around me
she looks like eating those smells so
fresh and you're so yeah oh do you know
what's probably on the Christmas Channel
the Christmas music channels oh oh
from tears no no change that sometimes
in the shower I change a One Direction
song you always change
oh yeah it was really good though you
got such a good voice did you guys like
a chipmunk there it's alright because
you can really stretch very flexible Oh
wait you bent over I don't know satire
on the ground you are a secret gymnast
aren't you seek this out know love
secrets are our secrets out two seconds
you must be double-jointed
I'm just very flexible can you touch
your head with your firm all right all
the assets that we could feel I don't
know I fought it online to see it once
looking at your horrors you enter your
legs well done thank you so much
yoga with Mark Christmas never felt so
good the number one Xmas party warm up -
yeah oh my God look what's on the
scariest film no this is the scary bit
do you like this film I haven't seen it
all the way through
oh no it's et he's dying Oh God look at
him it looks like Nala was it kissing
we've been on the et vines no uh yes in
Disney yeah yeah yeah I love this mucks
make me cry sauce sounds right you ready
watching back in many around tonight
come on Tralee go quick come on give me
a child oh that's so funny
that laugh as well like actually cackle
Bob come on in the garden and twice shy
I keep my distance but you still catch
my eye tell me baby do you recognize me
well when you kiss me now I know us the
very next day you gave it away
to save me from tears I always want to
go I gave it to someone special me I
guess I was a shoulder to cry on
sovereign fire in his heart a man
undercover but now I fell in love I
never pull me again three two one
great I gave it to someone special that
was and so iam mark last Christmas hope
you enjoyed it fine iTunes we go in I'm
off no you're not oh no no you can't
leave me
yeah sorry you know I can't breathe
thank you so much for having that's okay
thank you for coming let's do this more
let's do it every day yeah I am gonna
have to now sing Christmas songs I'm
wearing yeah don't get you salad yeah
I've just been editing editing editing
but I thought before I fall asleep which
I know is gonna happen and yes I am
gonna take my makeup off right now I
thought I would end the video here
otherwise it will be the first video
that I have intended and I'll be really
annoyed with myself so I just want to
say good night thanks for watching
I hope you had a few lulls during this
video I love hanging out with mark I
like we're duo that bring out the fun
side of each other and I had the best
day it was so nice just like chilling
and laughing and chatting it was really
fun so yeah I will see you again
tomorrow because that is what I'm doing
filming every day every single day up
until Christmas day and I really hope
you're enjoying it so far I hope I'm not
like over saturating saturating yeah
over saturating your subscription box
and that you're literally not sick of my
face yet because because that would not
be a good thing but yeah I gotta go
sleep now good night I love you thanks
for watching and I'll see you again
tomorrow
