good morning everybody and welcome to
vlogmas day
I've got my Christmas jumper on that
says this is my xmas jumper got my
leather jacket on nullus got her coats
on where we going pop look wrinkled
forehead we are going to go on a lovely
beach walk with papi it's such a lovely
day today this is my favorite kind of
winter weather the sort of weather where
it's really cold and it's really crisp
but the Sun is out and it's beautiful so
we're gonna make the most of it and go
for a little walk firstly though I
didn't do my chocolate advent calendars
yesterday I completely forgot so I'm
gonna do that now one and then number
one I'm gonna do my Thornton's one first
look how cute I just love their I wonder
when I can eat the big snowman I'm
guessing like every Sunday for three
weeks in the month before Christmas Day
so I'm guessing just one a week right
number three oh it's done it again
it's not very good at opening these Oh
see now Missy thinks everything with an
advent calendar is for her I can't get
this one out what's that is it like a
Christmas tree in a snowy landscape I'm
not sure hmm now number 4 - oh it was a
snow globe a present so let's put this
one back
oh do you want to do yours is that what
you're waiting for
Oh
why are you so cute come on then where's
yours let's go get yours bloody how she
just jumped off the same side of the
sofa
that's not excitement I don't know what
is right here we go then this is
knowledge come on
oho you are such a good girl right
number for you coming up this way what
we got today whoops oh it's a big 5th
gear oh oh and goodbye there we go I
might save this one for when we get back
from the can I put this we're running
out of space I might save that for when
we get back from the beach I'm not only
gonna need a hat because it's cold and
where's my hat oh you gonna you right
let's find a hat quickly hmm a hat my
treats and sunglasses as well I feel
like this one is really big on my head
like it's really wide do you know what I
mean I feel like that's a big one I just
want a little beanie hmm Oh perfect
beanie cam that's better
sunglasses I do actually have these
really cool ones that accompany them be
these I need to tidy my wardrobe guys
it's an absolute mess that's probably on
my list of things I should probably do
today td's once there by a brand called
Quay or key I always say that wrong I
just don't know whether they're just a
bit big I think they might be a bit big
for my head don't what does this always
happen to me
maybe I should give them to papi my head
is just always too big for sunglasses
right let's find my little selection of
small sunglasses mostly probably from
the kids section in shops that I can
wear all day shall we
these ones fit me any of you know
anywhere that specializes there we go if
any of you know anywhere that
specializes in small sunglasses do let
me know because I am I'm interested you
know let's go to the beach it look it
away know what the goodness I have a
drink clink found the Bud Light there
but it's like you know I love you're a
bad bitch me and papi are in my GG
improve they have some really nice
things in here look at the size of the
Christmas tree that is Christmas food
goals right there and I love these and
they're decorations like mirrored leaves
also the soap smell incredible
there's too much going on for now oh she
can't handle it she just chased a pigeon
down the street are these long-term
like that in our house I think my
festiveness and my own the decoration or
everything is rubbing off and I just
look how beautiful this looks right now
for those of you that don't know my mum
says these houses look like cakes like
fondant kept like proper big fancy cakes
so we're just walking towards the sea
now as being a bit mental
but it's just a very lovely
oh look I love moving in photos with
houses and accessing collaborations I
know you probably can't hear me because
it's so windy
oh my god guys that is like the best
timing ever we just got back into the
car and it's just started raining can
you believe that now uh can you believe
that I always speak to her like she's
gonna reply to me she doesn't oh now I'm
stuck behind a lorry great back now from
the beach and I've got 102 Dalmatians on
which is probably a bad idea because
nada is doing this endscreen I've also
made myself a spotter blood look at that
little roll with on my little father
Christmas play like a child like a child
I forgot what I sat down to do eat my
lunch but do something else and I don't
remember what it was Oh
got my little pup and we've just been
watching Gabby's look miss aren't we
yeah along my neck is why not freaking
that why don't have a long neck Nala
don't snot on me do you think we should
probably give you a boss should we give
you a bath you don't like bath time you
don't like bath time da Joe some dinner
just some dinner shall we go and get
your dinner dinner time she just keeps
running around me just gonna come back
watch I think I'm gonna go and get your
dinner now
oh come on then it's got to that part of
the evening again where I found myself
watching the crappiest Christmas films
I've ever seen so I'm gonna take myself
to poppy insurance where I believe
they're having a bit of a kind of
maintenance evening hanging some
pictures etc etc I'm gonna take my
laptop and do some editing there and
just hang out with them because again I
am feeling super lonely this evening
guys I always do this I Drive on an
empty tank it's telling me I have no
miles left Oh
and then look range no miles no petrol
why do I do this I do it every time I'm
like I don't want to stop for petrol now
I'll do it another time
if I can't get home because I was Steve
enough to drive out with no petrol I'm
really annoyed at myself there was no
parking anywhere near poppy insurance so
I've basically parked a mile away I need
to walk there
so either be yes if your radio station
of choice this month is not smooth xmas
then I can't ever speak to you ever
again to be honest this radio station is
the best thing ever and you all need to
listen to air I'm obsessed
so good anyway let's go let's try and
find a way to their house you know when
you're walking past lots of people's
houses and you can smell everyone
cooking dinner and like one minute
you've got a whiff of like shepherd's
pie and then you've got a whiff of
something to matter well they're not
with the fetch it's like you can smell
what everyone's cooking for their dinner
every night like that smells good and
then I'm like oh no I wouldn't go for
that anyway I just thought I'd update
you on that as I'm making my walk the
long treacherous walk to poppy and
Shaun's yeah Bonnie why don't we beets
look so shiny just don't trust that I'm
not stepping in dog poo right now it's
too dark and these pavements are far too
risky it's a Chucky page naki page I got
him he's going he's going come on sure
and I got a little friend for you and
Chucky piggy look at Sean being all of
the big I lose him he's on my hand what
should we do with him though okay I
don't really like it it was crawling up
my arm he's gone
oh god I'm gonna find him in my dinner
oh you just might not even if I'm honest
I like know Jackie takes oh yeah by the
way they're doing work in that flat
because they're so sure that's making a
lot of holes in the walls for this big
old power drill she looks really creepy
right now he's like holding a mic
so getting on this is one of my favorite
songs from the album oh maybe you have
two warmest hearts maybe you need anyway
Mina papi are making mince pies but
she's just rocked out some shortcrust
pastry in its it's all brown garlic too
fast can lead to cracks don't worry you
can have had pastry by wetting your
fingers and gently smoothing it together
again but do nothing good
you just got a couple across they really
know how to make pastry it's really
really yes really
really
you can use my little mint recipe on my
blog just now on my blog no it depends
how many you wanna make that's okay you
can do it you have to write we're gonna
get on this we ended up using the puff
pastry and a glass bottle because poppy
still hasn't got a rolling pin since the
time we made pizzas so we're gonna see
how much we can get out of this I reckon
we might be alright anything you will
struggle with is the Stars on top yeah
well we're getting quite a fat day out
there nine to put nine in to star don't
forget you've got new stars on the top
of them otherwise they're not really
mince pies they're just mince opens yeah
oh I'll tell you what you could do is
make crumble and crumble crumble on top
all right now Shawn what were you just
done Oh still going wrong
these mince pies better be amazing
yeh I actually think they look good do
you
we don't we've made more pastry from
scratch but we don't know if this is so
phrasing or plain flour yeah I reckon we
might have just designed a new type of
you like parties yeah
Hoffman's pastry puffs mitts pasties
party a puff mint pasty I thought we've
just invented man gonna write a favor
you could you not imagine eating like a
paste strip like a path or pasty yeah
puff mints pasty
that would be like sure what's that yeah
done man I thought we'd invented
something really cool blend right should
I put these in the oven yeah
how long do they going for it's like 20
15 to 20 minutes
right okay where's your oven where am I
going it's right here
oh look at these we run out of mince
meat so we we made some apricots and jam
words I'm actually really excited don't
like mince meat look at these ones in
the oven Oh
although they have puffed up a little
bit but not the ones we've made from
scratch I think we put too much minced
meat in there oh they just look nice and
cute and rustic and homemade do your
best Michael Jackson done can you mean
what yeah you got it
yay look how cute they look
I actually am quite excited to eat these
little tart ones but they've been really
cute we are now off to collect in Pizza
face because it's been a while okay
who's coming with me Papi's just having
a poo
I got petrol yay myself and papi have
come out we've got the pizza she's just
in there now there she is in Pizza face
waiting for the pizza
your baits are delicious oh my god it
smells so good these look so delicious
I'm very proud big ok guys so I am back
home now it's kind of late also can we
all just take a moment to appreciate the
fact I have ended all four vlogs so far
like that's quite impressive for me you
guys know that icon end vlog because I
get so tired in the evenings but I just
completely crash anyway I hope you've
enjoyed today give it a thumbs up if you
if you did I can't speak I'm too tired
and I'll see you again tomorrow
