good morning everybody it is Sunday and
I started off my day not feeling as bad
so I thought I'm gonna embrace today I'm
gonna get up and I'm gonna shower for
the first time in like three days
wash my hair put a little bit of makeup
on and have a really nice cozy Sunday
how're you feeling about that I feel so
like festive not as in like you know
Christmassy festive like me I feel like
my eyes have been like I upgraded or
something like I can just see what the
colors so clearly no I couldn't see
before me now if you were like oh my god
in the couple of days we've been away
autumn has like officially happened yeah
everything is red and orange I don't
think it was including me I don't think
it was before we left not this much I
didn't feel like I didn't notice it and
now I come back and I'm like holy crap
the trees look amazing also I think it's
just because like we were saying Dubai
was so sunny and they don't really have
seasons that we've come back here and it
feels like oh my god it's a season do
you know I mean like it feels so lame
last night was so crazy but it felt
really like cozy yeah we're inside yeah
so we're gonna have a cozy Sunday make
the most of it we're gonna do a roast
dinner later you know this is the first
roast dinner we have ever done that
we've cooked in this house I think maybe
even just ever for my family I was gonna
say we cooked one the other week for Joe
no but for my family
you never know because mmm no bul so my
mama took most of it on because the
other day when we cooked food when Joe
came over um Bobby tells me like you've
never even done that for me okay
yeah so we're doing a roast I mean it's
not gonna be like full-on from scratch
we're doing like a lazy rose today just
because I'm not still not feeling like a
hundred percent and there's like a few
other things we really wanted to do
today so like we're currently at the
garden center because we need to get
Darla some food and some guinea pig
sawdust so we've come to do our line and
it looks like everyone else in the whole
of Sussex is also at the guard center I
think that's what people do on Sundays i
legit thought we move driving in I was
like we're gonna be so keen we're gonna
be there when they open the doors we're
gonna be so early there's really like
200 cars yeah everyone's already here I
know what it is
oh my god it's Christmassy and a gun
Center forty-four days till Christmas
but I know what it is what I just worked
out why it feels so festive I know why
the clocks went back yeah not was real
ye but like the effect has kicked him us
way away so it went from sunset like I
swear just went drastically from like
sunset at 9:00 p.m. to sunset like
yesterday 21 plus 4 yeah sunset and I
think that's what cool so festive is
like rule 20 and the sunsets Alfie never
feels festive either like you've said
some things to me in the last couple
days I've been like you have never said
those things he came in and um we should
probably turn the augur back on soon and
I was like I said to mom yesterday I saw
Christmas shopping soon you're a changed
man in the last week I feel like I've
just become more like do you know what
no you know what it's like a wall has
come down and you're like seeing things
you don't normally say no this is a very
deep conversation but I actually do feel
a little bit like how it could have been
what the Tony Robbins documentary I
watched from the plane I was so
emotional honestly Alfie watch this
documentary on the plane I couldn't see
how I can't see it and then he goes from
a see some I was crying within like the
first like 20 seconds and like if you
haven't already looked up Tony Robbins
go check him out he's like a life coach
kind of thing you've done this
documentary Netflix know watched and I
was just like
oh my god priorities and life need to
shift do you actually what it is maybe
you know well I'm telling what else
would it be
we went on a nice sunny holiday and had
a great time other than you'd be a nil
nothing like that has made me people but
everyone in the in there watching this
is gonna what the heck even talking
about I'm just I just feel like
something's changed
yeah I'm really like yeah he's like
saying things I'm like are you okay like
you you hate having the augur on and you
were like we should probably turn the
arc Iran soon I was like sorry I left
Alfie in Dubai like what's going on here
did you change something anyway we need
to get some food front donkey she's
waiting at home well where are they love
when you tell them both of my white
shoes one at a time have you not the car
yeah yes okay it's the most you should
do so much like this that sense of my
like it's a good day to to feel festive
oh my god I just not there we need to
get some decorations for the office
decorate in the office next week oh yeah
okay so we won like senior now one of
these I reckon and oh no they don't have
oh yes more breed here we go
two of these rectum as a mixture what do
you think oh we've just found this a
nibble and dig meadow
how cute is that we're gonna buy him a
little Spade you start digging away and
we're gonna get him a new little carrot
house love you gah
what is this for you and you wait that's
like that's like what's in the
celebrations also need to be careful is
12 minutes until silence oh yeah it's
Remembrance Sunday today I need to I
forgot to put my papi on this morning do
a minute silence at 11:00 it's also the
100 100th year anniversary today is it I
walk I will watched I watched the
Remembrance Festival last night which
was live at the Albert Hall and it was
so like amazing and emotional yeah Tom
and Danny performed a song which Tom I
think Tom wrote it and it was so good
like just the salaries that you hear all
it takes to the other day they
interviewed and a hundred and twelve
year old lady yeah she was talking about
like her experience of the war and like
her family and it just was very
interesting very touching 112 yeah and
she was still so like with it she was so
sweet none I know guys this outfit just
came in the post that I ordered on
Amazon awhile ago
no Leslie damn oh hey Ellie just no man
I think this is one of my favorite ones
I've ever put her in you look so funny
Nullah this is your carrot nose Hey so
last week Bethany introduced me to these
and I'm not really a fan of rice cakes
I've never really liked them apart from
like majorly salty salt vinegar snapper
Jack's but try one of these what is that
a Belgian milk chocolate rice cake
pages rustling hmm I think the chocolate
kind of cancels out because it's milk
chocolate but rice cakes are healthy
aren't I good yeah I'm like addicted to
them no this is really what caramel in
them hmm so thanks Bethany I am now up
in my office
and I am going to do a little bit of
something I really wanted to do for a
long time I bought all the stuff for it
like three years ago because it was
actually one of my new year's
resolutions to start doing it and I just
never did and that is putting lots of my
memories and photos and I think mostly
just having one place where I can look
back on lots of cool things that have
happened over the past well my life
basically because I have so many things
that mean a lot to me or photos from
like occasions that I just have never
done anything with or like most people
now I have them all on my phone and they
just kind of stay on my phone and I
don't scroll back and look through them
but I also don't really print them out
as much as I should do so I decided that
I wanted to start scrapbooking and
there's like a whole community of scrap
Booker's and there's so many cool videos
you can watch on YouTube of how other
people like to put all their memories
together in a scrapbook and it's one of
those things that you can sit and watch
for hours and it's so therapeutic anyway
I went and bought myself loads of these
these were recommended by Lily pebbles
say Thank You Lily and I'm gonna start
filling them up I don't know where to
start
I have my my big old pink suitcase which
is essentially just absolutely
chock-a-block with tickets receipts
memorabilia from things everything
that's kind of happened in my life that
I've thought I'm going to keep that
a lot of you may know I am a like
borderline hoarding sentimental person
basically anything that I'm like oh
that's such a lovely memory or oh I
don't ever want to forget that I keep it
I basically keep anything I'm so bad at
getting rid of stuff because I form like
an emotional attachment with mostly
anything I can I've got my sprocket
which I'm going to come onto in a second
loads of old photos or photo booth
photos some cards that I thought would
be really nice like moving into this
house we can do a little cut this out
and stick it in I am a card collector
I really am sounding like quite hoarder
ins in this segment of vlog I pick up
cars that I really like but don't
necessarily have like much of a use for
them
but I thought something like
scrapbooking would be like the perfect
place to put those things and then I've
just got some like press stickers which
I thought would be cute up in there
another tin of things more photos and
some like scrapbooking stuff and then my
lifestyle desk calendar from last year
quite a lot of these now apart from
obviously November and December have all
gone but this side has really lovely
quotes on so I'm going to cut these out
too and I'm gonna stick those in I've
got like pens and washi tape little
stamp scissors I'm just gonna have a
good old time now you guys know how much
I love me my HP sprocket I actually have
already got one I've shown it around
this time last year and the year before
because it's just the most perfect gift
to give somebody and I do believe
everyone has photos on their phone that
they don't print as much as they should
and this is so easy to use it's
genuinely one of my favorite things to
recommend if you're stuck forgetting
somebody
because it's just I've bought so many
people these I love it it's the HP
sprocket this is one of their like gift
boxes so yeah I'm working with them on
this video so thank you so much HP I've
got this new one that they've sent me
it's so cool it's very pretty look at
that don't have this one I have the
white one with the rose gold on this one
looks very fancy and I'm gonna also
print out some of the photos on my phone
to go in here as well so I've decided
that one of the first bits of this book
I think is going to be moving into this
house so anything that's happened from
moving in I'm going to stick in here
starting with I think our garden party
because that was so much fun so I'm
gonna use the home sweet home and I'm
gonna start sticking lots of bits on
here and I have so many pictures so I'm
gonna use my sprocket to print them out
for any of you that don't know what a
sprocket is it is a little mini inkless
printer which is customizable stickable
and very portable you can literally
carry this anywhere you want this one
came in the limited edition gift box
which is the sprocket a little hard case
and a light string with clips how cute
is that you charge it with a little
cable and you download the app on your
phone so once you open it the app you've
got your camera roll so I need to scroll
right back to my housewarming party and
you actually sync it up with Bluetooth
which is really really easy I already
have the app because I obviously use my
other sprocket as well found it right so
here are all the pictures from the
garden party so which one should I
select first select your pick
you can also edit your pictures and the
things you can do on here are obviously
brighten and do all those sorts of
adjustments you can add text and
all frames which is very cute don't
think I'm gonna do that though and what
else can you do change like this filters
so you can add specific filters on I
think I'm good with how it is then you
send it to the printer scanning for
nearby sprocket devices
oh hey found you okay and then once
you've sent it to the printer you see
this little green light so you can see
the printer queue and you can also add
three friends so you can all print from
the same sprocket and you can see like
who's printing what and you can cancel
things or add things in it's so easy to
use and here it comes
there we go inside our tent at our
garden party how cute is that and
because these can be used just like this
if you want to and you can obviously
like take them up or give them to people
or you can peel this off and stick it
down which is why I thought it was
perfect for scrapbooking ok I'm going to
put another one do I want to edit it no
oh there's also little stickers look how
cute these are well the little festive
ones oh my god there's a little pumpkin
spice latte and you can also draw on
there too with the drawing tool which is
cool I don't think I'm going to do that
I think I'm going to send that one to
the printer as well
look how cool this is if you hover your
phone over the printer when it's
printing your photo comes up on it don't
know if you guys can see that so you
could see what you're printing that's
some serious technology that is next
picture-perfect
I should probably print some out of
people now right I popped a load of
pictures that I want the sprocket to
print and they are in a queue so they're
going to be printing out but also I have
photos from the day that we had on a
disposable and I'm going to look through
these and get some of these out too and
sprinkle them around right so I'm just
deciding where I want to stick
everything and I've got all my stickers
printed out and then from the lifestyle
desk under I cut out this which says
summer vibes which works perfectly and I
also cut this out because I'm going to
circle the day even though it's the
wrong year I think it's still quite nice
to add that in as a bit of reference so
there we go got my old photos mixed with
all the ones I really wanted from my
phone which I can literally stick down
so I'm going to do that now
right this is what I have got so far
we've got home sweet home our first
party at our new house in 2017
housewarming garden party and then we've
stuck in all the pictures I printed off
a few more that I wanted I've got so
many so I'm gonna buy some more of the
paper to pop back in the sprocket and
basically carry on scrapbooking but I'm
so happy with it it's so therapeutic I
can totally see why so many people love
scrapbooking but also I find them so
much nicer to look through than a more
traditional photo album because you can
get a bit more creative and you can
stick things in the aren't just photos
so yes I'm going to try and carry on
scrapbooking it's probably not something
that I'm going to get finished anytime
soon I bought myself five of these books
and obviously I have this but I'm gonna
go through and start opening but I think
I'll use this one as like my either I
don't know whether to do them by years
or you'll have to let me know but if any
of you want to get your hands on the
sprocket for a gift for a Christmas gift
or even if like me you want to set
yourself the task of scrapbooking and
just printing out all the memories that
you have locked in your phone then I
have a 10% discount code for you which
is zoella ten and that is all capital
letters so make sure because it is case
sensitive that you're using at the
capital letters and that is until
December 14th that does give you a fair
bit of time to get that Christmas
present nailed before Christmas Day and
you can also use that code on the gift
box the lunar pearl sprocket and the
blush sprocket as well so go and have a
look see if it takes your fancy there
will be a link in the description box if
you want to go down and check it out but
genuinely it is a product that I really
really love and recommend to everybody
and it's going to come in so useful
when I have to fill out all five of
these scrapbooks it's gonna take me a
while let me know if you go ahead and
get one or if you do what you're going
to use it for
or if you are scrapbooking and you have
any tips or any words of wisdom from
fellow scrapbookers things you like to
stick in any order that you like to do
them in so I don't know whether to do
them by year which i think would
probably make sense because a lot of the
things I want to put in here are kind of
career and like personal goals based so
I think maybe years would be good I
don't know you let me know I think this
might be our 2017 one starting with
moving into the house which is obviously
a hugely exciting thing that I have a
lot of lovely memories from so I'm happy
I got to sit down and do that I'm gonna
have to like schedule like time in maybe
on the weekends I think that's why I
really wanted it like to do it today is
it's a very cozy Sunday and I wasn't
feeling like the most energetic so
sitting down and kind of just doing a
bit of scrapbooking is really really
therapeutic think I might set up now
that I don't really work up here cuz we
have the office in town I think I might
set up one of the desks up here it's
kind of like a permanent scrapbooking
station so I can leave out all the
project life staff and all the prytt
stick and the scissors and the photos
and the sprocket and I can just leave it
all there and then anytime I've got like
an hour or I feel like I need to have a
little wind down I might just come up
come up in the evening and do that also
I've had Nala literally sleeping next to
me that whole time so cute didn't even
delve into the suitcase of sentimental
we'll do that one day maybe next time I
do some scrapbooking I'll go through
that with you but yeah oh I think me and
Alfie and now going to head to Waitrose
look at this mess I need to tidy up here
so
I just haven't really had like a whole
weekend where I can tackle it and I
don't really like to do it bit by bit
I'm one of these people that likes to
create a huge mess but clear at all in
the same day which is kind of
unattainable but that's kind of how I
like to do it it's more satisfying that
way we're going to go to Waitrose and
pick up some stuff for a roast dinner
the greatest showmen remastered now if
you've not heard of this where have you
been living and if you're a greatest
showmen fan which is everybody I think I
only loser no I don't know anyone who
hasn't liked it maybe Joe does he like
it I don't know he never likes like
everyone so the soundtrack obviously is
epic and they've really done it with
celebrities
singing the songs like yes it is like
actual celebrity singers
so far they've released four of the
songs on the album so it's not fully out
yet but I have been listening to those
four songs well minus one one of them is
a reprise so I'm real isn't that but
there's never enough by Kelly Clarkson
the greatest show by Panic at the Disco
which is like the most perfect band to
sing that song
and my favorite one which I really
didn't think would be my favorite I
thought the Kelly Clarkson one would be
my favorite because she's so epic and
it's such an epic song but actually it's
Pink's version of a million dreams that
I am obsessed with is so good and
somehow she kind of sounds like the boy
but as pink I don't know how to explain
it you know I mean I have a nerdy she
doesn't this is it
like she doesn't sound too dissimilar
from the little boy it doesn't make any
sense
no water we've got our roast chicken in
he goes Alfie she's getting even more
chicken that's been like tomorrow and
stuff
right I really love the supermarkets
when they start getting all Christmasy
look at all the crackers and stuff Alfie
tried to whisk me past the Christmas
section but I I managed to sneak his
little mouse he's kind of like the
Halloween ones they just scan him though
there we go
oh okay so as you have to declare that
item to the cashier not sure why
except what did we nearly walk out with
another thing that just happens it's
very just
Alfie gone he was like let's get some
Christmas crackers I was like no it's
not a Christmas dinner it's just a roast
dinner he was like so let's just get
some Christmas crackers out I was the
one being like no that's too premature
we have to save them we have to be
excited for them Halloween's over
christmas begins good weather patio
where is my boyfriend well though I'm
kind of loving this new one because he
loves Christmas literally got a new
boyfriend
April Fool's right before Halloween I've
hurt loads of cobwebs everywhere all
over here and obviously then we went
away oh it's very blue that's better and
then obviously we went away so now it's
not Halloween you where are you going
excuse me come on back inside this way
so yeah I'm gonna take all these down
now I think I might leave this because
as much as I feel like it is now
Christmas it isn't quite I thought we've
still got lose another week autumn
I've just been going around the house
lighting all the candles making it all
nice I've put some stuff out on the
table for dinner keeping it kind of cash
obviously we'll have the chicken in the
middle and then all the bits around it
so lots of room for that and I think now
I've got the ovens preheating I think
it's time to put the chicken in because
they'll be here you know about an hour
not 40 minutes and it takes about an
hour and a half so kind of work out
right I think right oh they can this
yeah this is like a little mini
Christmas dinner yeah I'm on making the
fresh mash and also the red cabbage and
the tinfoil oh my god something we have
just makes me so happy
stuffing is the one
are you saying wheezing me we say me
Oh Dan got broken sprout smash veg
cauliflower cheese chicken
Alfie's got the gravy we can always make
some more yeah
Poppy's little vegetarian toilet made
from scratch not really I was waiting
for you're not going to catch fire on
the background you - I'll let you sue to
benefit juice you - everyone's in a
little bit of a post food coma right
no papi is wrong hiccup papi she's dying
not for seconds we just cracked open the
Maltese or truffles who's had one did
you have one - I was expecting a little
biscuit that so slightly pink oh it's
supposed to be mine who won face and who
lost face anyone Hey
I won the first one that lots of second
one so I evened out yeah so I owe you
one
no papi one who know I won the second
one you don't win the second one I know
I can second oh my god your feet look
really big from this angle
guess that song guess that song Harry
Potter Hunger Games yeah oh I don't know
any more little ones my brother does a
really good Antiques Roadshow can you do
Antiques Roadshow yeah et you can do it
what does he do et is a oh oh Jurassic
Park I need to listen to the team to
inserting their fingers yeah got a
little cheese board out not a little big
I want someone to try this one we picked
this one up this is a pseudo with sticky
toffee interesting it was that yeah
we're watching
in the result straightly come my child a
singer's crashed yeah
anyways was the same thing every week
thank you thank you
oh my gosh I can't even imagine do you
remember when Joe was left next to the
one and he didn't know Richard said but
they always say they get confused yeah
Marlon thinks that the gorilla is is
behind the TV where is it Nala where's
the gorilla I just realized I said they
were gorillas but they're chimpanzees
though they were baby gorillas this
program is intended puppies like nearly
having like a heart attack
like why are monkeys this horrible to
each other
what's this cold didn't it Steve yeah
diet is that dynasty or dynasty this
program guys love them
Alfie's really enjoying this bullseye
bullseye yeah he's a bit David bullseye
oh poor day
crompton do we have one David doesn't
david attenborough just have the motion
around him to say sorry
someone needs to stitch up his leg
honestly yeah david attenborough just
has the most soothing voice that's
probably why tower freezes up right now
bedtime everyone's gone home now and
we're getting into bed it's actually not
that late at all what is the time it's
half 9:00 it's half 9:00 oh I don't know
whether it's that we're still sort of
wander by time because now it would be
half 1:00 in the morning or it's kind of
that I'm a mixture of just the father
I've really not been sleeping very well
the past like five days so hopefully if
again only night I'll get lots of sleep
and I'll kind of get back on track a bit
more because I've been awake since half
past 5:00 this morning as if I wake up
early or like past at least half three I
just can't get back to sleep ever
whether I'm in or not but more so if I'm
feeling ill because I just I'm so awake
so yeah had a really lovely day that
program was so good I just love anything
David Attenborough does they're just
incredible the next one is penguins in
Antarctica excitable um anyway I hope
you enjoyed the video give it a thumbs
up if you did and I was the very thing
