hello it is currently Saturday and
myself and Alfie are about to head off
to London to see tan in her final
performance of her play confidence I'm
so excited to see it those of our
friends have already been already and
they've said that she's amazing which I
have no doubt anyway and that the play
is really good so we're very excited to
see tan I'm so many rabbits in our
garden right now
and there's some more down there I've
had a very productive morning which I
should I basically sorted out my makeup
bag put some new bits and pieces in
there to try and I also cleaned all my
makeup brushes which is always a chore I
leave generally it's not very exciting
chore to do but it is very satisfying
once it's all done after trying to get
an earring in his ear it's not proving
successful is earth know no one but the
ones I wore that tiny hoops if it's
because hoops end round
Alfie's beam into town to grab some bits
and pieces because tomorrow is Father's
Day and my dad's coming down Joe's
coming down and we're all gonna hang out
and out with Alfie spam as well which
would be nice but yeah it's time to go
I've got the ticket yeah yeah I didn't
even think about that yeah I know
poppy and Shawn are already in London
and Amanda and Nick have got the train
down but we're also going with them
technically they're gonna meet us there
and I think because there's lots of tons
family and friends coming tonight we
might meet up with town afterwards go
for drink and also meet up with Jim
beforehand to grab some food he recants
we're here quite a long journey I think
we came at like peak time
oh it's chilly it's chilly a heaven
invited breathe later as well we were
listening to a podcast about conspiracy
theories what was it called
aha it was conspiracy theory on Princess
Diana it was very interesting I think my
new favorite thing is to listen to
podcast and in like long car journeys
instead of music because music can
become really boring very quickly so it
was quite nice listened to a podcast I
think it makes the time go quicker don't
you think what so learn something yeah I
like learning knowledgeable we're
walking around to the theatre now but I
think we're meeting Jim somewhere else
Alfie thinks he knows where that is yeah
so I'm gonna trust him although we all
know he's not very good with this
direction I'm honestly shocked I don't
know you
right where is Jim
cool
good show
six meals
Jim
or like the water bottle all over again
she won't use the upper end because it's
everything
Oh
we took off my wife's grandfather my
yeah
good morning it's now Sunday and it's
actually Father's Day here in the UK so
I have my dad and my brother I don't
know where that took me so long to think
of it my dad and my brother coming and
we're gonna spend the day together but
also they're gonna stay the night just
really have nothing on my lips so this
morning I'm just kind of tidying thought
hang I'm just gonna have a little blitz
in here I think just make it all nice
for when they arrive
still running rounds but I'm gonna put
some lipstick on this one is a milk one
and it's in the shade Loki I bought this
when I was in America I love this I'm
not worn this yet I forgot that I bought
it it's so Matt yeah this is lovely
highly rate oh no I want more of them
now I can't get it in the UK it's always
the way can we also just take a minute
to talk about Tanya burr for a second
she is incredible
obviously I've known that Tom wanted to
get into acting for a really really long
time and I know that she loved it when
she was younger as well but I just I
love that woman
because when she wants to do something
and she really sets her mind to it she
just keeps going and keeps going and
keeps going until she's doing it and I
just think that's so inspirational and
seeing her last night in that play just
it made me quite emotional actually
because you know when you just want
something for so someone so much and
then when they've done it and they've
done it really well and you're so proud
of them you're just like beaming I felt
like a proud parent but she was amazing
Tom if you're watching this you were
incredible and it was so funny it was
like because I'm see she was playing a
character for like the first 10 minutes
I was like oh it's time but she's like
she sounds different and she's acting
different this is so weird
and then after like 10 minutes it wasn't
hard and I wasn't like thinking of her
as tan and all the other actors and
actresses were absolutely incredible as
well and the whole like performance and
staged and it was so good really good it
definitely made me want to go and see
more kind of smaller plays as well I
really liked that it was small and you
felt very like close and engaged I'm
actually seeing town next week she's
coming here for a sleepover which I'm
very excited about but yeah one thing I
do need to do in this room you may be
able to see I have fairy lights all
along here and then slowly they've all
just pinged off and dropped I used these
command hooks and usually they're really
good but I think the lights are just
quite heavy so they've dropped down here
somewhere so I might attempt to rehang
those so now this is going to go but
let's see fairy light wall has been
restored
hello did you have a nice breakfast with
your dad and your mum papers in town
it's a bike ride so there's a London to
Brighton bike ride which is really cool
how long does it last for will we be
able to get back into town to do crazy
golf yeah we can't do it why because
that's the finish line issues yes it'll
be so busy so what we thought we'd do
instead is and games day mom and dad's
okay cool ball games perfect I've got
something that I think I found dream put
your hand out
shut your eyes I don't trust these can
you spider it's not hmm that's it think
that might be that can't be I think it
might do you think I don't know it was
blue let me go and get I've got a USB
thing Alfie's parents gave him
this USB stick full of raw footage of
him when he was like 15 16 making
youtube videos and we just haven't been
able to find it and I feel like fingers
crossed this might be it okay more
that's be okay cross your fingers no
these were my pictures of you as a kid
well I oh no I thought that was it
that's so annoying
sorry gorgeous work stuff probably your
accountant resilience yeah yeah this is
I guess enough now you haven't got a
helmet on she doesn't like it
have you broken your coccyx oh I walk it
off look at this little puppy you can
just see her eyes over the top of the
table oh you want some attention we're
here yeah yeah vlogging do you know I'm
a blogger dad how are just since you
know a while ago
so we have come out to two plates for
dinner which I'm really excited
I've never actually been here before and
it looks fabulous
we found a Shawn on the way Shawn oh I
can see poppy and everyone else this is
me Eliza have your average family
I got a dad a mom and sister about our
house
it moves see my dad has his nature show
and my mom shoots it okay so now that
average between you and me we're in a
restaurant that's showing us fastest
shuffle ever ready we finished up her
meal it was delicious
I think we're now gonna head back to him
under Nick and do some more games and
pick up the dog these boys are messing
around just waiting waiting for pot to
do a little claw let's just listen to
the boys trap what are you talking about
where is that thing that's so much
better
Wow
there's do you um now no everyone's nice
okay oh my god I think we all go this
way peeps yeah look up big my boy so
nice the vlog when Sean loss is mine oh
you didn't want to hold my hand anymore
I liked it when you say something about
the weather
oh my god why you're scaring me I'm so
confused right now what time do you
think it is 8:45 8:45 8:35 10 minutes
out do you know what I'm excited for
autumn
I am I mean a week though we were both
going sick stop it's because it's
reached the midway point and we've had
some really nice weather and now I'm
like oh it's lovely when it's crisp but
like yes and also I don't think I'm in
focus but also I just really like when
it's like this and it's a bit like chili
it makes you wanna like like some
candles and get under the blanket I like
that better yeah I was saying this to
Alfie the other day I find it really
hard to dress in like summer compared to
autumn winter like I prefer dressing in
autumn or winter are definitely a light
layer room lay-ups
no standing outside a hardware shop
looking at all the things they don't
need oh my god
can you zoom the phone get out yeah you
know when the yeah any of you have not
seen the film get out it is epic hello
frightening is running around and stuff
more space there is a lot of space good
morning
it is Tuesday today and myself enough
we've come into town a fish just grabbed
himself some breakfast and we are now
heading to meet offer and then later on
this afternoon mark Faris is coming
around I can't see
the humidity oh yeah it's light and I
don't know why you think this morning I
couldn't move anything and I moved all
of that oh I thought you meant like the
color is gone oh this you like it just
doesn't weigh anything my hair weighs
loads I don't know what's going on with
the weather but I've just straight into
my hair walked outside and it's gone
it's like monochrome friends though
we're heading to the office now see you
in a bit
oh yeah you've never seen someone so I
don't know if I've actually logged this
yeah I definitely put it up on my
Instagram stories but I have had all the
end papers before cordially invited
which have arrived in boxes to the
office this is how many I have to sign
there's over a thousand in each box so
I'm just about to start my first box
we're gonna try and see how many I can
do in an hour we've got a nice big wedge
we've got queer eye on Netflix Hobnobs
water you ready okay yeah
just counting through the first batch
that we did in 26 minutes we're about to
find out how many I did I probably
should be speaking so loudly but I am in
groups of 50 100 Oh hundred two hundred
fifty fifty ah okay we think that's
probably about five hundred so if I can
do five hundred and twenty-six minutes
that's not bad going yeah that's like
almost a whole box I've never been able
to sign that quickly so I'm not too sure
how this happens
yeah yeah maybe that's it maybe the
muscle in my arm to be fair even now I'm
like look at that guy's I'm Popeye I
could feel that muscle cuz he's not been
worked for a while
that'll be old zoella muscle as you're
watching this vlog my new Beauty range
has been released
it's called splash botanics we've done a
live show on it's on Instagram already I
think if you are a big seller beauty fan
you will have already seen the live show
so you will have seen all the products
by I'm gonna show you right now because
it's not a surprise anymore what the
press packages look like because
personally I think they're my favorite
that have ever ever been sent out and
I'm so excited oh really I'm so Ella
beauty splash botanics limited edition
you ready yeah so ready
I love the hues and ours oh my god you
know what that's for
it's for flat lay it's a little backdrop
flat leg
good laugh photonics limited-edition
shoot Oh water all these beautiful
throttle right we've got a little bee oh
my god that is so cute it's a see
because this is carried by the way guys
like you see oh my god that's so cute so
there we go everybody who is being sent
the entire collection is going to
receive a little planter in their
initial filled with succulents which i
think is cool
we're gonna put it carry the test okay
so this is the press release we have the
bow Tanic
Oh which is the body mist we have the so
soft lip oil which is so exciting we
have been developing this for such a
long time and I just flip and love it
then we've got the makeup splash
moisturizing body wash which is like the
shower shake in the jelly in gelato
collection this which i think is one of
my absolute fave products i did show
this a little bit in my last vlog this
is the drench me bubble bath soak in
this really cool carton and then we've
got this which is the quench me body
sorbet which again is a formulation
we've never done before
it's a really nice light moisturizer
which I really like perfect for this
time of year and then a lagoon love bath
milk powder so it's a sachet so it's
like a one-time unless you want to do a
small bath and do half little sachet and
it smells incredible and the bath milk
is one of my favorite products there we
go and there's the beautiful mist and
the bag and the bag and the bag which is
here see how exciting
it was sad so amazing here we go you can
called splash so just very briefly I
don't want to like give a full overview
of the range all at once in this video
because you're going to be seeing it
across a couple of videos and I don't
want you to get completely bored of
everything but I've kind of quickly
shown you what is in the collection but
the scent is probably one of my absolute
favorite scents and a few of the
products have already like sneaked out
into some super drugs and I've been
reading all your reviews already and you
all love this scent as well in fact I
feel like a lot of you are saying it's
your favorite which makes me really
really happy so it's a very very fresh
summery kind of floral notes although
I'm not like a huge huge fan of very
floral scents so the freshness goes very
well with some of the floral notes in
the scent I think it's the O's onic
notes though that are some of my
favorites like I think the sense that I
buy from
yeah very watery fresh scent i always
gravitate towards those and quite often
I don't realize that it has that in it
but a lot of the sense that I love and
wear all the time have those like osanic
notes in so yeah lot
lovely very light fresh floral notes oh
I am gonna quickly tell you about the
lip oil because it is one of my favorite
products because as I said we've been
working on this for a really long time I
love lip I feel like if you've been
watching my channel for a while you'll
know that lip oil is something that will
always be in my handbag over a lip balm
over a lip gloss
I love it oh is it ho ho BRR I always
say jojoba I thought jojoba was jojoba
oh my god why did no one tell me this
before now I think I've been saying if
you live in videos jojoba jojoba jojoba
ho ho ho ho ho okay so it has three
almond jojoba and it also has Argan oils
and it smells so any 90s or late 80s
kids out there might be aware of the
baby all gone baby I really wanted it
but my cousin had it so I just played
with hers and it is the baby where when
you put the spoon to its mouth the
cherries would disappear into her mouth
obviously just went back into the spoon
but that smell of the cherries is what
this smells like
oh ho ba yeah so it smells and tastes
like that and it leaves my lips feeling
is so soft I've basically been wearing
this just any time have not got lip
product on I'm just wearing this all the
time but you can't put this on top of
lip product as well I've known a few
people who've been doing that so yeah
I'm just gonna talk about those two
things today the mist which is basically
the scent for the entire range so all
those lovely notes you okay
that Milan gag was Holly in the kitchen
oh my god that's like at the end of the
jinx when he randomly like start burping
see yes that my friends is splash goat
Amex and I've been enjoying your amazing
flat leis on Instagram so carry on
tagging me and tagging Zarrella beauty
on Instagram if you take any pictures of
the collection some of you were even
like getting really arty and like using
palm leaves and like have you seen them
they're amazing and we will for sure be
re instagramming was it called really re
Grammy oh my god I'm like ugh Lobster re
gramming lots of your beautiful images
so yeah that's the range and as this
goes up we will have already done our
little launch party so we will find out
how much you guys are enjoying it yes oh
my god how many did I do in 26 minutes I
think around 500 479 in 26 minutes I
wonder if that's a world record coming
at the Guinness World Records in two
times fastest time to sign
zoella they're in each heart and a kiss
okay so should we try and go for another
for the rest of the time might be able
to do a round a thousand then
do I look so great oh and by the way
these are all the boxes lined up ready
for the giveaway winners which is also
very exciting so if any of you won the
giveaway here are your packages ready to
be sent to you
in Hawley are going through my P o box
which currently looks like this that's a
lot there isn't there yeah
this box is this all steps or is this a
mixture of different types of search but
look at this freakin t-shirt hold up
holy I think it's the best thing I've
ever seen oh yes I guys Holly is
obsessed with George Ezra she started
off not liking George Jetson explain why
because it comes on all the time every
time we put on playlist that's not got
George Ezra in it halfway through George
Ezra will just come on so Hollywood
always like who is doing that turns out
it must just be George it wasn't me I
think it cobblestones I think I think
between all of us we've done it a few
times but yeah so that all George Ezra
t-shirt George Ezra you did a whole like
180 anyway if I as I'm going through
this if there's anything I think you
guys will love I'll be sure to share it
with you so this is from Becca how cool
is this press release oh yeah and then I
think oh my goodness that is dreamy as
hell there really be eight
my god wow that's amazing you've
literally got everything in one pallet
that looks amazing so excited to try
these lipstick oh my god it's got
brushes in it that's cold
oh that's really cool isn't it this is a
step I have a lovely package here from
Joey Malone which I'm so excited about
say hello to my Queen of Pop collection
is for roller coaster ride for roller
coaster ride around some of my Jo Malone
London favorites including colognes
canals and baths and orgies how joyful
is that I hope you enjoy experiencing
the new collection as much as I've
enjoyed putting it all together oh my
god this packaging is you so this is
nectarine blossom and honey bubble bar
and then the candle basil and neroli I
love the design on the candle so cool
let me smell it oh my god smaller isn't
it view thank you so much Joan Malone
I've had this lovely press release sent
from cordially and this used to be my
absolute favorite it's not focusing used
to be my favorite skincare product ever
I'm so happy to have been reintroduced
to this thank you so much time and
chilling in the garden got a little
guest where's the little guest gone we
were outside but actually is getting a
bit hot and I'm wearing like full on
denim dongers so we're just coming
inside for a bit of bit of shade whoa
it wasn't like this earlier it was very
like howdy
I feel really moist I just asked mark to
help me with my Instagram caption and so
far he said start of something
we're even and then you said summer I
can feel it also thing I can feel it a
comma some are taken in the summer
why cause I'm bearish I'll explain what
happened so I had a problem with my eye
and I was really like worried about it
so I went to the opticians and she said
it was hay fever what have you done
since then what do you mean if you put
anything in it
what's your mouth well to be fair they
are really relaxing you're supposed to
put them in the fridge then you put your
eye on it and you go like that and you
look all around it's actually really
nice for your eyes but you didn't cure
it because it's obviously like hay fever
and inflamed eyelids
I thought your eyelid looked a bit puffy
on that side yeah caps are you googling
come on no I'm just having on the time
on the tyres
whose tights what good vibes happen on
the ties on the tides the tides oh my
god this use my cars positivity cards
these are gonna be they're called
tomatoes affirmative affirmative
affirmative affirmative Zoe sugg 28 Key
Stage three
I take a step back and look at myself
with pride of a good mother the right
thing
oh it's for my new mums it's not is it
for pregnant women when they're having a
baby
is it like positive but less affirmation
so tell me that no I don't think it is I
take a step back and look at myself with
the pride of a good mother
oh I could stick myself on a
refrigerator
I would I would invite all the neighbors
over and say look at that can you
believe what a start
eight plus days how's it going I'd love
to just follow you around for a whole
day day a real day in the life of Mark
Ferris like you said I smell a knife
he's trying to guess what it is it's
flat anyone god I genuinely thought that
was like airing yeah I'm not gonna get
too close to you that's all you're
allowed to smell my backlash what do you
mean like move people say audio
backslash it's like when you buy when
you put in the water hits your ass you
think I go with like the theme of the
range Oh
so I think the plan is are we going to
go boneless yeah should we do that soon
oh yeah let's go now you know move this
out do you want me to get a cheeky
backsplash huh
oh they have a backslash I thought mode
everyday which a black bloc mats like
genuine ego do you block Mr Shearer
depends on the internet is Monday flat
heading out to go bubbling currently
then the boys are floating around trying
to find some glasses is the door shut
proper
and it's cold
we've got my mic Archean Zara come on
Archie good so I do this thing when I am
go bowling where I flick my leg up and I
don't realize and it will hurt tomorrow
and I have no idea why I do it I'm gonna
trying not to do it there is a hundred
percent John Zoe will do it are you
ready the leg blech
you didn't flick your leg you didn't let
your leg
no no she thinks she didn't do it
wait oh she's editing the leg black
black black going you got there's no leg
flick as well here we go oh oh look at
this time go on see which ones he wants
to throw down yeah like a floating head
I started off really badly
I think I'm scraping it that guy I think
I'm scraping it back
Oh No Zoey's currently one chore head
and she's already won no way what what
is happening
ninety-eight if you get this then you
get another shot and you can break 100
you have to get this going you got it
straight down the middle oh my gosh oh
my gosh now you've got 99 you have to
hit any pin oh my gosh
no it's not a spinach it's been aged he
did not register your 99 that's good I
don't believe that happened but one
little one you've got there along the
side you got it along the sides
mr. days is back in the game he's just
got like three strikes in a row can he
do a four oh my god that same one I told
you I stuck down yeah another one then
oh yeah you're doing all the fire ease
up now that it makes a difference do you
have another guy them that you're not
gonna beat my score of 99 is there any
way you can get over a hundred now burn
sanitary
you've got it you will
Oh
she beat me off by one you beat me by
one oh you won't get guys well done guy
high five high five
okay can we do the Christmas one we're
now doing the Christmas one
we found thank you oh my god your real
age is big color do you want to be
pleased
yellow our pink or green or do you want
I'd quite like to be pink okay
oh thank you
I've got the scorecards we've ended up
in which is in Brighton is marina
elephant is very impressive
yes yes that's the worst school but yeah
you wanna low score needs one I think I
be either you will mark probably one
that is Oh gross yeah beerus i started
up so strong though we're 43 okay III
okay
42 me yes good average scores 2 3 2 3 2
3 3 3
jump over the middle one from here
I'm and we are sitting down to watch
love island and I'm also gonna make a
start editing this video that you are
currently watching but I just realized
that I haven't let you guys know where
you can get hold of splash botanics
for those of you that don't already know
it is sold in super drugstores so you
can from now buy the splash botanics
range in super drug I can also get it on
their website and actually the products
are currently three for two which i
think is an amazing deal so if you want
to go in and try a little selection this
is very loud on the TV if you want to go
in Oh sponsored by Superdrug love island
if you want to go in and you want to try
more than a couple of the products they
are currently three for two and
Superdrug which i think is fabulous you
can also get them online at feel unique
i will leave links in the description
box of this vlog just so that it's
easier for you and if you spend over
fifteen pounds
on zoella beauty on feel unique you also
get the cutest little splash botanics
mini trio it's adorable you get a tiny
little sorbet a tiny little body wash
and a little shower what are those
things called but I like to shower
loafer loofah so also a very good deal
the range is also available from today
in Ulta so for any of you that are
overseas in America you can also get
hold of slash white annex in your local
altar which is so freaking cool C edges
that I would give you that information
in case you're wondering and of course I
will leave links but now yeah we're just
gonna chill what's love island think
marks pop to the toilet Alfie's on his
phone and that's where our evening
taking us I am now in bed and having a
fairly early night tonight because we've
got to get up really early in the
morning and head to the office to
celebrate the launch of splash which I'm
really excited about so I really hope
you enjoyed this blog but make sure to
give a thumbs up if you did and I'll see
you again very soon
