hello everyone today is a very exciting
day for two reasons first reason is that
myself and Joe have just filmed a
collaboration a Halloween collaboration
I know lots of you love those
so in our video we've made a kind of
round cake which you're supposed to like
it's got a cobweb on it but it doesn't
but inside I think it's going to look
amazing
we haven't actually finished it yet
because whilst that was in the oven I
turned into a pumpkin
that's so weird
I don't like a burnt carrot he's
actually got like let me just shimmy
we've actually got like the lines
I mean glued my eyes together as well
yeah that was funny I want to watch that
bear but anyway yeah we've just finished
Joe's videos and he looks like this and
then later on this evening we are all
going to Tully's farm which i rave about
literally for the whole year afterwards
so we've had this booked in for a really
long time because I wanted to make sure
everyone could come apart from guess
which date we will put it around on date
that suited Joe and you can't go now
Scotland Joe does wish he was coming to
tell his family but it's gonna be really
fun I think there's about 12 of us going
and we're gonna have a great time but
for now Joe's got to leave for the
airport in an hour so we need to finish
this baking video and then he needs to
remove the pumpkin from itself we
haven't got a lot of time ever we know
and then me and Mady have got a little
meeting Maddie's here where is she oh
I'm Kerry's here still being productive
even though we're filming videos so yeah
let's do it let's finish this video I
love that Joe's so kind and makes the
bed after he stage you've made the bed
it was a lot worse than that
that's you making a bed I was in a hurry
what's this that's what honey oh yeah
what puts many pillows on your freaking
it looks nice we finished filming well
let me show you what I'm wearing I was
wearing a jumper this head boo that was
from a sauce
I'll leave a little link in the
description box and I'm also wearing
these leggings so have got skeletons I
think I might wear these tonight too
just to be in the kind of festive spirit
festive Halloween II and they got my red
lipstick I actually think her cake
turned out alright yeah
I always knew it would be a great moment
cutting into the cake memory card it
will be the last file okay J yeah get
this arm like this ah
Oh turn this way a bit is it coming off
quite easily just put it in the thing ah
she's probably stuck to my face can I
put a bit yeah it's not even dry
it's the neck oh my god have you seen
American Horror Story no have you seen
my show nah you know like when she had
all their like feathers on it oh my god
you look really scary oh it's the latex
of all shitting ah it's a later point
for latex on one neck I don't know I was
trying to join it Jesus oh I can't I'm
have to leave out the flight I come to
get off oh no it wasn't pepper it was
like this little birdy book man BRR man
yeah
in our story freak show you need to
watch it you look like him right now I'm
at arraignment array of soaps and
moisturizers is not coming off only like
the 50th time
okay so we've got lots more people here
now this is why is happening right now
we're all just like on laptop you're
right there market anyway oh my god Ange
I want Jim to see how many of these he
can fit in his mouth exactly that's
something I can follow them that's just
not gonna happen one who's got a massive
mouth Alfie get back in gyms I'm one and
a half are to be fair mine and Jim's
mouth is about the same size and head so
I'd only be able to do about one I
expect further saliva okay I've also
done a few little treats it looks like a
kids party yeah these are the candy and
Apple one toffee and apple and these
ones are pumpkin spice and then we've
got some candy corns some pumpkin spice
M&Ms and some candy corn M&Ms and some
kudos skeleton biscuits and some ghost
meringues and some Dracula Fang crisps
Sean I'm puffier here now and I'll
please back I've put on Jim still here
I've put on a Halloween playlist you
enjoying it
did you notice it was Halloween themed
this one oh yeah when you were at school
did you sing Mozart it farted it started
with a keyhole just me and Jim he farted
through thank you no I forgot I've got a
song because pop he came in with a hat
and I remembered yeah we went I had a
hat on and it was good because you can
like you can like get into the half oh
you've got even better yeah very excited
pop he's a bit nervous yeah it'll be
alright it'll be fine
Thank You Sophie if not I'll await it
out with you it's fine
but yes I've lit some candles oh I don't
know if I've shown you the cake that
means Oh mate actually here it is I
actually think it's quite impressive
we've iced it it's like green and orange
icing with popping candy and then purple
green and orange layers inside it
doesn't really look how it looks in real
life right now but tastes quite nice too
you know that really viral dance at the
moment it looks like that was the song
we're all now in this room and we're
about to watch a video that the boys
filmed when they were in Greece where
apparently there's a lot of bum cracks
and hairy testicles I've never watched
some YouTube video this big on the TV
before but it looks quite good maybe we
should do this in next time next time
we'll do this so we're almost ready to
go I just wanted to show you my new coat
which is from Zara it's not a little
fluffy hood so me and Jonathan now a
wrecking you just need the wig I know
it's me oh is that your actual hair max
were here excited yeah figure out on how
you put it on earlier
we're now in the bus look at it look at
everyone else in the bus let me see yeah
yeah so I'll be super cool super cool
so I'm not on your head
Oh
my feet
it's like the white hook okay well I
always feel like there's a distraction
for a reason
very good scream coming on
find the right Robin do that way he's
gone I'm not keen on this music
no it's terrifying we got away guys who
doesn't like clowns
Oh
replacer shame on you you know Jim's
bald
the walks with the dog
Oh
chainsaw
my god
going into a post going into apocalyptic
I'm really excited the last one I think
they're all taking a little sit down the
people that went on the right don't look
so up for this well guys you feeling a
bit rough after that ride do you feel a
bit sick dum da mo and just stop shaking
now
okay we are going into the colony which
is a new thank you
