good morning guys this Saturday just
woken up came downstairs to do with dogs
and this is what I saw hey oh hey what
they're doing is going up this pan ten
bottle
up and down the panting bottle along
here do you see them all on their little
adventures along here
hi yeah nice to meet you round here into
my Krispy Kreme box which now looks like
this
I mean what the f mercy I'm gutted that
they've taken oh my god I can hear them
I'm gutted that they've decided these
donuts are theirs because now I can't
eat them so that's cool
also why do we have as many amps in our
frickin kitchen like that is wild just
gonna shut the box look at them all oh
god I mean at least they're not red ants
but still why you all here and why you
all like it's so wit like answers very
clever they're going up and down I'm
gonna move this now what you're gonna do
down inside the dishwasher so inside the
dishwasher down this plank of wood not
in the dishwasher just down the side of
it then they're going up here into the
dishwasher a long hair all along the
floor you can see the more hair there is
a line and this is where they're coming
in and out this tiny gap in our door
what do i do what do I do here go in the
door shut
it's still coming in through this little
hole cuz that Anson F ucking tiny um
okay so we have a nun problem where are
you all coming from I think I need to
like follow the trail like this is
outside so they're obviously coming
along here then they're going along here
and then they're going along there and
then up but where is the next plumbing
attic there you go a long way for a
donut don't they
what's so annoying is if this panting
bottle had just been not touching that
would I don't think they'd be all over
my doughnuts right now Alfie's
discovered the ant I'll tell you what
they did you ready oh okay right so they
start off they come in here yeah they
come along here they come along here the
only way they can get up onto this
counter is up through the dishwasher no
yeah then they go up to the dishwasher
this all night was there yeah so they
were going up this up that along that
open that donut box look inside that
donut box done my hair of them a makeup
and since Alfie wasn't here today and
I've had a very like busy week I thought
I just need some mark faris time so he
came round with some time sometimes the
best sees time and marks just seen the
ball oh I just I didn't think it was
gonna be this big well mark faris
neither did I but this is Alfie deyes
we're talking about like you cannot
fully swim underwater you could jump
here you can jump in I've never seen
anything like it
did he get air what have to do is fill
that up and leave it overnight I think
it's gonna take more than a night
literally ready for July I just keep
thinking how we're gonna empty air there
will be a flood I reckon you can stand
on the bottom of that and still be
underwater I know we're gonna wait for
like a really sunny week where you're
just going to come and live here yeah
and we're gonna just be in the pool
every day oh right come on doggies ant
update me now if we manage to get rid of
most of them they are however still
coming in so we're gonna have to buy
something to just sprinkle along the
doorstep so that they can't come in
because I just I don't like ants all
over my work surfaces and all over my
food I don't know that you can just cope
ants out excuse me can you leave their
black hands but I have been nibbled by
one last night and this morning it isn't
necessarily hurt but it just it's not
pleasant it's not like a red ant bite
but it still nibbled my toe and I was
like oh I don't think black ants did
that but it obviously thought my toe was
something edible myself and Mark are
gonna head to one of our favorite places
in the world the garden center yes we
have we did because we sat by the bit
where we were like oh my god now maybe
we just had him he's got his toy things
it's playtime oh we have anillo we mark
I think I'm losing my voice do you think
I sound very crude like croaky today not
intelligence and how
I think like the more I ask as I've been
talking out loud for two days it's not
playtime it's time for
I love that song oh my god marks me time
you have to go on his you'll have to go
on his channel to work out the others
skins voice a busy day sun's out
everyone else's house sun's out all of
the huns that over seventy Huns
cases and he wants to know you mark
always me or you I look after all your
gadgets here he comes the Pete oh my god
I would she oh look honey have you ever
seen anything more beautiful in all your
life cannot wait oh nice
that's really nice oh I just said smock
it smells like Christmas I think that's
just because when we come here is
Christmas Eve so like I know and we also
just said right where am I gonna find
stuff to get rid of ants we've never
actually finished the garden center part
the garden center we just stick to all
the light home staff Christmas stuff and
Peter yeah we never cross this boundary
I love how you call it hayskins - don't
be hasty hasty how does this look like
you we double chin in their shipping old
smile here buggy eyes we can start a
band
I'll get this you get odd little Tambor
when they make the noise that you think
it would make this sounds really
interesting
Cinderella is my babysitter that's
pretty sick no no imagine going into
school being like yo Cinderella's my
babysitter not a good read would you
recommend out 503 if she wants to be it
yeah good on the longer you stare at
them like stare at it for a real long
time
ready no get closer get closer no I
screams do excuse me while I delve into
mine to find it go get right in there my
camera zooming in when I press record
that weird come on soon it seems breeze
going to go we're gonna go inside get
some snacks get some food you know I go
you know my battery keeps dying so you
probably won't see much more Sainsbury's
also rebelling we've now come to a booth
it was just there as we were leaving so
like just have a little while since I've
done a little drugstore snoop around la
ca√≠da lotion it I'm gonna order two
seconds to tell me you're gonna call the
remember ninja bro yeah fruit in
Jeffries
mark was craving a watermelon trying to
eat just out of that middle bit just
take a bite out there what do you mean
just take a massive bite out the middle
no breathing or Mark Knoller we've
discovered that Haleh really likes
watermelon
she's like a bit crazy for it oh so it's
waterproof look at her
it looks like sushi that's so funny
because she's so not into fruit normally
like she's crazy for that with a bowl
but eating out of it like a bowl no Nala
yes probably enough she won't even look
at me
that's so funny she does not like fruit
normally that's one of those spiders
that I hate that moves like it's in a
strobe light do you see it oh my god hmm
it was a really weird fly that was
attacking us by the car wasn't there so
we're just chilling in the garden now
soaking up the Sun having a little chat
marks the ladies watermelon one of my
hairs was in my trousers
Oh Nana's finally realized much giving
her no more watermelons she's licking
the juice make the juice here see the
lobster Alfie's doing a football match
today which is actually for charity it's
with it's the youtubers versus the
sidemen they did ask mark if he wanted
to be involved in that
John Barrasso invested in this what
their watermelon yeah
can you please wear it like a hat when
you finish stay get any more perfect
you've got some we got one day and we
got mark on a BMX BMX yeah I think so go
that way
yeah I'm just gonna warn you buzz does
not like bite yeah you can write about
yeah try standing up it might be easier
yeah it's not a penis psycho bitch no la
was that fun did the dogs make it bit
hard I don't know why they don't like
bikes I don't know why they don't like
bikes
what should we go long it's hard isn't
it they don't like the ball they don't
like the bikes
what you gonna done popped out oh here
we go the Saints dirty never sure and
you catch me if I comes with a
breathtaking view so how I'm gonna dance
my wedding
oh we're going with you
I know
so coming to like you do we've come back
inside and we're chilling on surfer
altars which is what we like to do best
and we are currently watching
Kindergarten Cop which is if I do say so
myself a real classic and a real good
shout and a real good shout shout let it
all out yeah but yeah which is chilly
and it's still so light out it's still
so warm out to put my little shorts on
over actually wear my shorts on and the
doggies are having a little chill now
aren't you where's buzzy buzz likes to
be by feet oh look its back legs if you
are I love this film I've come up to bed
now I'm watching a bit more of the split
just before I fall asleep we were
watching something about the world's
most dangerous killers downstairs so I'm
like I need a little bit of like
something that's not about murder just
before I go to sleep but yeah had such a
fun day with Mark it was just what I
needed and I'm gonna go to sleep now so
I really hope you guys have enjoyed this
vlog give it a thumbs up if you did
subscribe if you haven't subscribe to
this channel and I will see you again
very soon bye
