happy first of October look what we can
do today we can turn over the Ciccone
Jolie's calendar look da da this is
probably my favorite one I like this one
a lot look at the duardo so cute and
this means that this month is the month
of girl online on tour in 20 days or 19
as you're watching this and also
Halloween and also everything fun and
exciting I'm very excited for this month
yum-yum-yum look at this how delicious
we're all in Waitrose if you're
wondering what's happened to Sean's ears
explain what you had done Sean he's been
very brave we had a hot chocolate what
we had heard done - but you can't tell
her she's got how
in waitress it came up and hugged me
after me because I put realize like
sugar babe poppy was from you can have a
taking shopping if you want but yeah
we're just having breakfast / no getting
on another or woman now yeah sometimes
they also have pumpkins I just found the
cutest little pumpkin I think we've got
enough pumpkins now what do you reckon
yeah I mean if you burn but also I just
want to experiment with different ways
to decorate a pumpkin fueled shopper the
what the bruises happen what is that did
you know what that no that's gonna fill
a fridge and you're not gonna eat it
melon I don't like melon do you know
white you don't like that it's a cross
between alive you put the lime in the
coconut to drink them all up put the
lime in you just literally stole my
kappa
get your thing out I've seen how much is
it heavy yes pretty heavy Wonderlic
little bit scrambled angle oh my god
this person cereal this is my faith
goals and grams is where it's at every
once in a while I know but I don't this
time I also like these ones no we
haven't
we have not we found out no advent
calendars how exciting this one I'm
gonna get it yes I am run already why we
don't need one yet all right I'll wait
until the first week of December and
then there'll be no good ones left I
just like Thornton's chocolate a lot
yeah I'll buy you one this is the one
you'd like
Lindt chocolate there's only one left
out already all gum we can just put it
away until the fair good you could just
buy me twelve different boxes would
offend me and you won't have any they're
all over each day separate share box oh
my god I'm just sorry for these I just
wondering you let me also mean
source Oh Oh
Halloween section am I allowed to buy
stuff from the Halloween section yet
yeah got it
run Sean run man she looks happy that
it's Halloween
I feel like although probably fit me
Halloween stuff we finished up at
Waitrose now and we're all just chillin
this isn't poppy and Sean splat I've not
actually filmed here before but of
course Alfie's already another flat tour
of it you can head on over to Alfie
second channel to see that the back to
Austin Fox May 21 second approximately
20 seconds it's very lovely in here ah
pop it's a shame you didn't get any
pumpkins to put in your lovely little
fireplace there it is look it's very
pretty
put some little pumpkins in there we're
back now got this little one running
around my feet yeah see a bit of good
girl just wanted to show you my pretty
autumn flowers I think I bought these
last year actually from Waitrose I just
think they're very beautiful and and I'm
just unpacking the shopping now Alfie's
listening forbidden Valley Goulding it
was one of those food shops that's half
like all the little bits and pieces that
you needed for a real long time like
this stuff like stuff that you just need
for like cleaning and washing and all
the kind of boring things by I'm gonna
show you these because I showed Tania
knees about two years ago and they
completely changed her life and they are
the death of power and fresh advanced
multi-purpose wipes refreshing green
apple they smell amazing they also had
the spray version
for like surfaces and things so there's
that and the rest of the food shop which
I need to put away but normally Alfie
does that bit don't you ask if you can
hear me out
I'm gonna put them into categories okay
Wow can I put the food into categories
and then you put them away yeah okay
perfect
I can do that bit so look guys who
remembers when I used to get these all
the time yummy yummy this one is my
absolute fave and this is one that I
hadn't seen I don't think or maybe we
did get them before I just don't
remember it so I got those two delicious
just cleaning away kind of foods that's
gonna bit off and I noticed these bad
sad boys I know a lot of people actually
like to eat bananas when they're like
this there's nothing wrong with them but
I think I might make a banana loaf with
them instead because I don't want to
throw them away but I also know they
won't get eaten so they stay like this
until they're completely black so I
think I'm gonna make a little um
chocolate banana loaf they take a while
I think I'm gonna try and find a recipe
somewhere my mum always makes the most
amazing banana and chocolate chip loaf
so yeah that'll be nice then we can take
it over to poppy inch ones later because
we're actually going to go back over in
like three and a half hours because
we're all going to make pizzas tonight
which I'm very excited about and yeah I
hope you're enjoying this blog today it
feels very or tunnel and you guys know
how much I love this time of the year
and it just feels like it's come so
quickly and I'm really enjoying it and
now it's October there's a lot of things
to look forward to so yeah I'm just in a
really great mood today really great
mood and I hope that me being in a good
mood rubs off on you if you're not
having a great day oh we also bought
some of this Pizza Express passata for
the pizzas because this stuff is amazing
and that's all the fridge stuff
yeah it seems to be kind of half fridge
half cleaning products and these things
are expensive if any of you know like
things like this growing up where your
parents used to buy them and then you
having to buy them you're kind of like
no way have they always been that much
money but what can you do I also have
scented toilet roll which Anna
and really loves Anna and Jonathan she
actually buys that now because she came
she kept used to come here and love it I
actually like it always makes the
bathroom smell fresh also look at these
that I bought guys a little candle
that's so cute
okay guys so I am about to make my
banana loaf I'm gonna use this recipe
which is in the hummingbird bakery could
work no we're leaving in two hours okay
and look at the bananas I didn't want to
waste them so I've got all the
ingredients I need here the only thing
that isn't in this recipe is the
chocolate so I'm just gonna add that as
an extra but I'm just gonna put this
here so that those of you that might
want to do this can pause the video and
write down the ingredients but that is
basically well I'm leaving I'm now
adding 270 grams of the sugar in with
the eggs and then I think you beat this
let's have a look put the sugar and eggs
in a free-standing electric mixer with a
paddle attachment or use a handheld
electric whisk and beat until well
incorporated beat in the mashed bananas
okay so let's beat this first I can't
even tell you how good sugar and eggs
smell it's good it's that brown sugar it
smells amazing okay now we need how many
200 grams of peeled mashed bananas okay
well mashing these shouldn't be too much
of an issue those are the fresh ones
right these bananas look delicious
we don't forget it
you're gonna regret it mm-hmm name that
TV program
now would you much bananas for walkin
don't you dad no don't even pretend
banana is mashed push it in the mixer
okay so I've just be in the banana and
now we need to incorporate in all the
dry ingredients that's what you do
that's what we need to do I can't keep
my little spoon measurement cut things
are they're so cute I got these from
home sense right gonna give TSP to feel
like I'm gonna smash them though
teaspoon of baking powder and how much
bicarbonate soda teaspoon of that as
well and then also a teaspoon of these
spices okay now we're gonna mix all the
dry ingredients together that came down
a bit hard
yummy okay I've just melted 170 grams of
butter which I'm just gonna let cool
down a tiny bit before I then add it to
the rest of the mixture I've never had
to do this before like melt the butter
before adding it I'm guessing this is
because it's a loaf but I don't want it
to heat the egg that I've already got in
the mixture because then we'll get
scrambled egg so I'm just gonna let that
cool down for a second
while that's cooling down I am gonna
break up some white chocolate and a
little bit more of this there's only a
couple of the dark chocolate chips left
so I'm gonna break up some plain
chocolate milk chocolate and a little
bit of white chocolate and then add that
in as well so I've now mixed in and he
melted butter and I'm just about to mix
in some white milk and dark chocolate
chips I've just greased and floured my
loaf tin and I'm now gonna spoon the
mixture in and flatten it down with a
palette knife okay I'm now gonna put
this in the oven for one hour um Missy
did you by any chance rub your face
along the ground after I'd poured flour
into my mixture you look like an old pug
you look like you've aged
you've got flour all over your chops yes
you have
okay we need to wipe your face so the
cake has been in the oven half an hour
and I've just posted this on my
Instagram so you can go on over and
check that out it's basically a
competition so because girl online is
out this month what we're doing a little
competition with penguins so all you
have to do is take a picture of what you
would put in your bag if you were going
on tour and then you just want to tag at
penguin platform and you want to use the
hashtag what's in my tour bag and then
I'm gonna pick a favorite to win the
contents of Penny's tour bag terms of
editions are on girl online books calm
forward-slash what's in my tall bag but
yeah
that is what I would pack if I went on
tour even though let's face it
I would suck being on tour in some of
the interviews I've done around kind of
like the book press and stuff they've
said who would you take on tour if you
had to take two people I'm like I don't
just take everyone I know because I
would hate me on tour
I think I would definitely have to have
Alfie and Nala that would be my two
people to take on tour who would you
take on tour Alfie take tour with me
yeah or a bit spudgy hear me clean there
we go but I think on tour two people
don't join it so I think you know I took
my moment or one night you need actually
I was a gentleman Shawn hunter once if I
were to take somebody boom you want me
to click on so while we're driving
probably Markus and Shawn sure would be
fun yeah maybe sure but then poppy would
want to go that's the thing that's funny
Alfie saying that this is misspells
really strong he's like on our table and
he's like so here this one really strong
yeah and I put it over there then I turn
on a mini now and then you put it like
literally here again all right
it smells nice there doesn't actually is
kind of strong enough to send a whole
entire room so small rooms and next to
your boyfriend while he's working on
that practical nice all will be fine
but it's just don't leave it there for
like two hours awesome head again if any
of you saw Alfie's vlog yesterday then
you will have seen this adorable dog ETP
that was really very kindly gifted to us
for Nana's birthday by my wee TP and
they make teepees for doggies and
actually for kids they had some of the
most amazing kids ones I was like Alfie
when we have a child can we get them a
tepee from this website so look how
lovely
unfortunately I think Nala is a bit
scared to go in there but there is a
Nala hair
there so maybe she did lie in it there's
a few little hairs actually Elfie she
might have gone in there because she
really likes being cozy but she's very
wary of it I think however she does love
to sit on this beanbag that my mom gave
us once with this really soft blanket
but I don't you never know she might
have gone in the tepee anyway I love it
I think it's amazing I love the little
Aztec print it's so cute look at this
little munchkin mm-hmm okay so the cakes
out guys I had to leave in just over an
hour it looks like this it looks kind of
burnt but it's only just let me pull a
skewer out the middle on it for it to
come out clean so I'm guessing the
outside is just a little bit more Brown
and the inside will be delicious
otherwise I've just burnt the cake we'll
see if I doubt yay guys I've just cut
some and it actually tastes really
delicious
although the outside is slightly crispy
although it's not too bad it's quite
Brown mixture anyway so we're gonna take
this over with us to pop in Sean's I
think Mia now if you've been eating the
middle out potatoes I move on so we're
gonna go this is currently happening
we've all right that poppy and Sean's
and we've just helped them set up their
new TV there it is down there that
they're already sat at it I think
they're thinking you've lost Sean to
that yeah
and look at this because we're going to
be making pizzas papi set all this out
look really good is the dough or sauce
goes without those yeah yeah yeah how
exciting
look at that is that the burrata oh my
god I love burrata
it looks like Papi's made this as well
pesto and I think there's some I am so
you and now if we are having pesto baby
but we're gonna try and recreate a daisy
from pizza base yeah
but I don't know if the boys are gonna
be coming in boys come on you are
you need only physics just need glasses
no you eat space then they go with that
yeah
they're really hot this is what we meant
to me this feels like old got a
christ-centered let me help no Alfie
Alfie Alfie okay me a puppy didn't think
about this we just you might just lose a
few tomato that teaches everybody put a
flower under their feet Oh roll the pits
around put it straight on here before
you put your topic this is happening in
your cutlery tray right now
yeah looks lovely good like it right I
need to now do the same thing so anyone
got a tray mine and poppies are in the
oven now they're actually looking quite
good all the cheese is melting and I'm
guessing that the base is cooking I'm
going to say they probably need about
another five minutes yeah they do cook
quick I suppose all pizzas cook quite
quick sure we've got eyebrows now Sean's
is quite cool looking actually I would
say a little face well he's got some
pine nuts some cheese looks good looks
good you gonna put some burrata on there
I'm gonna go in on this yeah I've never
had four are too hot I always have
brought a cold Sean gave Alfie along
cheeky but slap yeah and mine and
Poppy's pizzas are out of the oven I
actually think they look quite nice mine
looks pretty plain compared to poppy
just playing a spot of speech jammer
Poppy's had a go it was absolutely
freaking hilarious
sure ones go he's gonna talk to us about
what he does in the mornings so when I
wake up I concentrate I wake up a
Chapman Fame
and then I put on my clothes and I go to
where sure can do it fine why are you
putting a pizza what did you buy your
pizza
so you started with the face what was on
the bags it's good okay so we got the
base twice be fast and put pesto and
then goes cheese before and cherries
Marte remember I think I bet what types
of teeth guys jeez
you're insecure I don't know yeah it
makes me forget the words yeah happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday happy birthday to you
good back home now and I just thought I
would quickly end this before my battery
died
I'm at home I've had the most wonderful
day lovely evening with everybody and
yeah now I've got this little Missy and
I'm gonna go to sleep so good night guys
love you very much good for your thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and I'll see you
again soon
