good morning everybody it's Tuesday it's
past the bank holiday weekend I had an
amazing time didn't vlog it out we did
so you can go and check out his videos
if you want to see what we got up to
it's been the most glorious weather all
weekend I'm talking 27 degrees Celsius
and that is hot for the UK and today is
poppy daisies 27th birthday and it's the
one day where the heavens have opened
and it's raining how sad is that like
we've had like literally the most insane
weather for the past week 27 degrees for
life we're still gonna have the most
amazing day I just I wish for poppy that
it was like a really nice not even like
super hot but just like the Sun was out
do you know what I mean yeah but we are
heading over to Amanda annex now to drop
off the doggie and then we're all making
our way over to Petersham nurseries
which is where myself and Tom went a
couple of logs back as poppy and Shawn
have never been Alfie's never been I
think commander and Nick have been there
though but it's just amazing for lunch
so that's what we're gonna do today
happy birthday it was Nala not me
Oh knowledge like give me attention
we've arrived
that we should've oh it's stressful
parking though I'm not gonna lie just
watching this woman trying part for like
15 honestly she did a 20 point stressful
women doing this we just laughed
road rage when people have road rage she
sort of did I my instant reaction is to
laugh because I feel like it's so
unnecessary I just laugh and I think
that probably makes people ten times
more stressed out me but I'm like just -
it's a nice day no one's hurt
everything's fine we are all proper in
the bush but we are here and it's not
raining so fingers crossed it stays like
this look at how he's got such a tan
from a day of golf like it annoys me a
hundred percent like look at your tan I
was out like four hours and I going
bloody red and you've got a good tan
going on right now bronzer I'm so glad
that my dress is scraping the ground
guys the toilets are in here
hello these flowers so that goes early
shop
some Bellinis I don't know what's in it
Orange
I'm andranik are coming but there's just
parking the car look at the little 30s
I think radishes are like the cutest
vegetable what's this P and bruschetta
with peas pecorino and our Malfi lemon
oh that sounds amazing I
have arrived oh my god I feel like
watching shred body once told me the
world was gonna owe me I don't remember
what any of them are though we're now
looking around the shop bit which
actually me and Tom didn't really get to
do because it was so hot when we came
here but being inside this bit was just
too much so we did them it's so cool in
here though isn't it what's this get
this Shawn there's some look cute in
your house and their arms Kanye
why is it I actually didn't know it is
that like tarragon or something yeah
shower gonna have chair again
chop that tarragon oh look another
vlogger oh my god I might go say hi hi
bloggers are your drugger very nice to
meet you morning morning Zoe I make
monster
this is mine we're gonna head back we've
not had the best luck with the weather
today
it was pitchy
now if we just went in to grab his mum
and dad a little present because they
just saw it and then they really wanted
that I think this is proper focusing on
you and I might dying in your blood and
Audi's like jumping out the consulate
that was it driving to the Christmas
party I was gonna my fav okay black pawn
do you buy that fast
well if that means you can give us okay
I'll go to petrol stations I don't want
to keep this America yeah
hey boy it smells oh boy imagine like
frazzle press
my no key shakes brings all the boys to
the yard
milky shake yeah and now I'm gonna get
my key I'm shooting a short documentary
do you wanna be a part of it yes okay
great
my family being a part of it what can my
character be you could
something happens and you just you just
get that accent yeah sure we do a whole
day where we speak Irish
we're now back at a Mandarin Knicks that
was a very long journey but we're home
now let's just tried her first Strawbery
you liked it didn't you
sort of shouldn't want to actually chew
it but she licked it Oh buzz wasn't so
sure but he knows there's chicken on the
table so he's like Oh big mistake
hi I'm from a Mandarin Knicks
I've got like super frizz hair from all
the humidity today we found someone on
our doorstep don't exist on a season
it's called wet weather
did you see I've had a bad knee I don't
know what's wrong with it but it's my
first like yeah okay now it's just every
now and then I'll get a little twinge
that's like we just thought yeah oh
that's what I mean I'm 28 and I've hit
like the aching they're like torn
ligaments the eighth game
good morning oh not you then you're
staying here the Australian defender huh
good morning we are off to the office
cleaned out the guinea this morning all
ready to go Nyla's on our way
I'm gonna train during five tango ice
blasts oh yay are you excited to have a
nice blast I could I could drink a nice
bath anytime a day not gonna lie never
I'm on this road you know what it
reminds me of what when we were driving
along talking about it on the day we
were moving in remember we were like
doing a few errands and we were like
driving up this way and I was getting
really like excited to me more into the
current house yeah I don't know like
yeah on our vlog we're moving on moving
day coming along here night chat and
getting excited right back there Joe
yeah you excited to see the office
actually I've seen great things I've
purposely not watched the vlogs the
office tour oh sure take em for myself
there's nice guys there are big
disguises yeah it actually blows my mind
baking powder
bigger than the world she's in the earth
is flat or not
Oh big debate No
it's round what do you think if you
spending enough time as it actually
forms a sphere shape so you think it's a
oh yeah oh yeah it's very clear I
thought you I think it's like an Easter
egg shape it's what fanny pack in each
direction
you like chocolate yeah I think it looks
like a cream egg I think there's like a
catsuit re from Wagamama you're not the
pizza slice like that
you forgot about her oh no who's that is
that you're annoying Uncle Joe always
calling you Alan in the office I've got
second through through so I need to go
through these which I'm think I'm gonna
have to do tomorrow and then we've also
just had a delivery from Mac which is
the Oh sweetie lip color collection oh
my god just everything I love sprinkles
doughnuts and like amazing colors look
at these purple panna cotta this is just
like such a cool collection I love it do
you like the office yeah Joe's just
waiting for the tan guys last machine
I'm not also is still technically
morning eleven-year so these are limited
edition they're available from now 28th
of May which was two days ago at
Selfridges Trafford and Selfridges coat
UK and from the 31st of May at all
Selfridges and oh Mack free-standing
stores available from 50th Juna all mac
locations
oh how exciting
me and Joe were just having a little
meeting about merch very exciting lots
of new things to come hopefully some of
the weirdest ideas as you can imagine
but that's why I feel it's good that we
work together because you've got the
voice of reason but then everyone every
now and then like one times out of 50
I've caught the idea that's weird but
actually the ash that could work sure
okay I'm still campaigning for the slug
life shoot one guys yeah
Joe still wants a shoehorn so let us
know in the comments if that's something
that you'd be interested in to be found
most people should have a shoehorn in
the house for any of the ideas we've got
I got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 13
14 15 16 17 18 19 20 it was 22 potential
product ideas yeah they're kind of like
a brainstorm whether it's writing down
everything we can think I'm gonna be
really cool to release then comes the
design and then comes like finding
samples and making sure that they're
good and like good prices and all things
like that so this is kind of just an
initial brain dump it's going good
anyway back to it you like Jess again
yeah yeah fast as you did three two one
go
right I didn't trust you I suppose
I just told Joe to try this biscuit is
it a USB stick try it no cause it's
gonna be saying bad now just try it
don't smother I can fight India buoyancy
robots a razor a razor I could but I
couldn't fit that if I were you would
that be really satisfying to buy yeah it
doesn't it real no doesn't add a real
little biscuit how weird that would you
beat its own nature way to know and
she's way back that's how I feel right
now don't you don't you feel like you
could just curl up and have a little
sleep no we're heads do work come on
just my scream do it no well well I'm
now and I'm currently waiting for Joe
and Alfie Joe's here and we are gonna
film a boyfriend birth brother pop twat
no are you excited I'm really nervous
I'm pretty sure I won the last one you
won the first one because Ashley was
really annoyed about it I don't know
yeah that's right
oh no oh yeah another video yeah that
was the last one we did last year
it's very woman here it's quite warm do
you wanna open that door yes please go
on then anyway we're waiting for Alfie
and then he's gonna come down here and
we're gonna film a video okay we
finished filming my video did you like
that I'm not gonna give away who won or
who lost what'd you do evening look how
nice the sky looks oh God look at this
Alfie's bought like the biggest pool in
the freaking world and we're gonna need
some help to put it up and now it's full
of like rain water and it's not gonna
fit here so I wonder how long that will
sit there for notice me if anyone's got
any ideas leave them in the comments
we've gained a buzz where is he buddy
oh we've gained a buzz and we're losing
a Joe but it looks Alfie he's like is
that really John's cat no no there's no
Joe does a dog noise and it makes some
fog every time see you later Joe sir
fun productive day as always nice having
you let us know when you get back and
I'll see you soon lad all the best thank
you make sure what we leave
look before you cross the road having a
little cozy cuddle up on the sofa and I
recently watched a program or like a
series called safe or the safe I can't
remember who was that all just safe on
Netflix and it was really good
I'm not I didn't love it I just got a
bit hooked on it and I wanted to know
like the outcome of their like plots and
twists I like a good like twisty drama
with some like shocking revelations
there was elements of it I didn't love
but overall I really enjoyed it as a
series and now I'm kind of on the hunt
for something new to watch I've also
just finished watching love island
series one I do have love island series
two to catch up on but I don't think I'm
gonna be able to catch up on that before
Monday which is when the new series of
love island starts which I'm really
really excited about but lots and lots
of people have told me to watch a drama
on BBC called the split I think there's
four episodes maybe so I'm gonna watch
that I'm gonna start watching it it
looks really good and Nana's licking my
chin you're right there
you look like you've been caught
red-handed my legs aren't the smoothest
surely that's like licking sandpaper
little tongue exfoliant
does anyone else don't just lick them
like that we also have buzz for a week
which I'm really excited about and also
null is gonna absolutely love it and I
think buzz is gonna love it too
Amanda and Nick have gone away on
holiday so we've got two doggies this is
what life's gonna be like with two dogs
they'll a whole week have we ever had
him for this long I don't know if we
have yeah maybe we did last time but
yeah but how are you feeling about that
you are you excited you excited to be
here yes
let's watch the split good morning
everybody
it is now Thursday and I thought I would
start the day off by doing a little
outfit of the day I've just actually
filmed a Primark video so I got up like
super early filmed and now I'm off to
the office okay so starting with the
very obvious things hanging from my ears
these are from Primark I just think they
are amazing they're literally almost
down to my shoulder and I love them lips
is a courtney lip oh i have to show you
when I get to the offices it's in my bag
and I've got my AllSaints leather jacket
on I have a black 40 which is low in the
front actually very low in the back and
I think that is from a sauce I then have
these little spotty high-waisted
trousers
which I love these are from ASOS I'll
leave a link in the description box and
then I have on my polka dot and stripe
kind of flat form shoes from Zara so I'm
going very like polka dot today polka
dot and red I thought it was a very
black and white outfit which is why I
decided to go for a very red earring the
only thing as you can hear is that the
squeeze so much these shoes I did wear
socks with them but you could see the
socks and they really bunched at the
back so I had to take the socks off so
I'm wearing these with no socks which is
either going to be bliss to hell but
also means they squeak a lot when I walk
I also have my spotty Kate Spade
umbrella also from ASOS and this
bag which says out of office and this
was from Primark so so that is me office
stuff ready to go Oh Alfie staying here
with the dogs today
so no doggies in the office although I'm
sure tomorrow we will be bringing both
of them which will either be chaos or so
much fun I don't know yet see you later
bye there's my band and stop see you
later be good there's anyone else just
feel so sad when they leave their dogs
and they just like watch you go faces
I'm sorry I love you yeah this weather
is not good it's still quite muggy which
is why I've gone for quite some arou
charles's but it's just so rainy which
is also why I have my umbrella I'm not
going to complain though because when I
was getting ready I could hear it all
like hammering on the window and I
actually really liked it I love when
it's been really really hot and then you
have like the storminess that comes
afterwards it's like my favourite thing
and it's also been really misty and I
love that because it's I don't know it
makes me think of autumn and autumns
just my favorite time ever and it's made
me feel very oughta me to the point
where yesterday we were actually sort of
planning my Christmas content so yeah I
need to kind of get back in summer mode
oh hey pitch oh I need to get back into
summer mode but yeah I do kind of like
this weather every now and then although
it does make me just want to stay in
under a duvet
and watch films all day in the office
now and I'm gonna start on my page
proofs second round this will probably
take me a good few hours I need to make
notes and anything that I want changed
or anything I need to add or anything I
think is missing this is gonna take me a
good while but I'm excited to go through
it okay we plan we actually do in you're
done well I tried I just want you to
just chew that no you have to finish it
still going I'm putting in we're still
going yeah they'll be a little Megan
montage
brush my it's got to that point of the
day we're literally mere Megan have been
going through these proofs for hours and
I feel like we're not going anywhere
we're nearly done with pre-much oh my
gosh
we're in March and it starts in Springs
that's March 28th this is taking a
really really long time I feel like I'm
gonna be doing this all weekend oh no oh
no that's my boat big old smudge no it's
good we're doing great
it's just a lot isn't it we're being
very very thorough which we need to be
but I just think quite comprehend how
long that would be
we've been doing a lot of reading out
loud and now we're having like a little
Disney montage and yes I have been
eating Cheerios out the box my pre-lunch
in the background I think everyone else
the offices also appreciate in the
Disney place I put on yeah it makes you
very maybe not yeah I feel like it's
quite distract it's quite a distracting
music though isn't it yeah we were all
focused on
yeah we've kind of lost focus a bit now
if it is neon but it's very happy we're
getting better looking out with the same
yeah yeah okay just get back to it oh my
battery's flashing it is the end of the
day now everyone's gone home and we
managed to finish spring it's taken as
all day to do one season so
um you know how I didn't wear socks with
my shoes this morning I've now got to
put the compete on because I've got
blisters and I don't have socks to put
back on
so I'm putting blister plasters on and
then putting my shoes back on and I just
have to get to my car very quickly I'm
going check there's no one in there well
we're about to find out why it was a
picture scared me I think is this
picture of muddy just won't stay on the
wall
I think it's cuz you're away muddy it's
like because you're not here your photo
won't stay on the wall it's quite creepy
it just flies off everyone else's stays
on Maddie's always flies off and it's
got two blue dots on it weird okay right
put my shoes on walking to the car going
home also just quickly before I go I
placed this huge order on that paper
chase for 5 this is 5 1 2 3 4 5 of these
ginormous scrapbooks these are ones that
Lily
pebbles recommended she does quite a lot
of scrapbooking or she definitely did do
Lily are you still scrapbooking if you
are I need all your tips because I've
decided I have so many things from a
very sentimental person I keep
everything but I just shove it all in a
box and I feel like it's not like fun to
look back on although it's nice like
delve in the box and like root around I
also think it's quite nice sometimes to
stick something down and actually write
about what it means so that if someone
else was to pick it up they would also
understand I've also just realize I have
like so yeah I've decided when I get a
bit free time I'm going to scrapbook
okay I'm home just drop my keys and stop
recording at the same time
okay so I thought it would be quite nice
to do a little bit of a like night
routine kind of skincare bar type watch
me get ready for bed
basically it's definitely not bedtime
yet but I am for sure in the mood to
jump in the bath catch up on some
YouTube and take my makeup off so the
night routine is starting a little
earlier early evening routine it's the
first thing I'm gonna do is take out
these ginormous earrings that are
weighing my head down I'm gonna tie up
my hair these bits don't quite go off
anymore so it's generally a little bit
of a half up half down okay now I'm
gonna remove my makeup and I'm gonna use
the cleanse and polish hot cloth
cleanser this is the mimosa mimosa this
is the mimosa and Angelica version I
think this was like a limited edition
one that came out unless these in our
permanent other scents that would be
amazing
then gonna go in with a second cleanse
and this is the glassy air milky jelly
cleanser conditioning face wash I'm just
gonna do a couple of pumps on my hand
and because my face is still damp I'm
just gonna rub this in oh my god can you
hear the dogs like going crazy what
they're making so much snorting noises
wet flannel and I just wiped off
so it's all done okay now I don't put
anything else on my skin at this point
because I want to have a bath and
sometimes I feel like I am a bit sweaty
after a bus so putting moisturizer on
now I don't really like it but I'm gonna
use my moisturizer after the bus so at
this stage I am gonna lay out my PJs and
get everything out that I want for the
bus and then I will come back to you I
have gathered together everything I want
to put in but actually I just had a
massive box arrived to the office of all
my new range so like 12 of each so I
actually came home with a couple of the
bits because I was just so excited to be
able to use them and make the most of
them now that they're all in the office
so what I'm gonna do and it's slightly
annoying but you don't have to wait too
much longer is I'm gonna use my new
products which are out on the 20th of
June so you don't have too long to wait
but I can't wait it so I'm going to
start running the bar and then I'm gonna
be putting in two of my new products in
the new range slash bow Tanic into this
bar
now that's running look at the bubbles
already I'm telling you
best bubbles zoella beauty well the
products are when you use in the bath
I'm gonna shower shape on my leg to show
you my legs I always use this and then
just to wash with I'm going to use this
which is what I picked up in I want to
say it was in Rossman in Germany when I
went to Berlin and I've not tried this
year and I just like the sound of
warming sugarplum because it's been such
a grey miserable day today
see ya that is what I am going to be
using in my very bubble filled
moisturizing bath
I'm now at the bath and I'm in a spare
room which is why this looks so
unfamiliar but I was walking past and it
has this mirror I put my pajamas on I
look like a burglar I love it
these are from ASOS they're just like
kind of legging type very soft very
comfortable and then just like a loose
kind of boxy tee are really like these a
very comfy okay I'm now going to do a
little bit of a spritz of this tattoo
Harper hydrating floral essence Moisture
boosting toner this is quite refreshing
after the bath
Dyl
I don't anything to moisturize Eng oh I
do love this this is quite moisturizing
I think I might go for it
this is the glow recipe watermelon glow
sleeping mask for glow and radiance I
might just put a little bit on not too
much but it's like this very watery kind
of gel I guess I don't really think too
moisturizing no I'm literally like
soaking wet face and this is a sleeping
mask so I will just now leave this on
until I wash my face in the morning okay
and because I'm not actually going to
sleep yet I'm not going to do my teeth
yet because I feel like I still have
time for dinner and snacks but that is
everything that I have done this evening
I hope you enjoyed I just have to film
this because this is when knowledge my
favorite is when I roll her on her back
this is really sleeping cuddly little
tummy wrap they have no around what's
this
she looks like she's sort of smiling hey
oh you want to watch the telly no I just
love her so much
but is not as cuddly he's really not a
very cuddly doggy he much prefers to be
on his own whereas Nana has to be
touching you and cuddling with you and
like this is her dream just like wrapped
up in my arms having a little sleepy
cuddle
she's trying to walk for TV yeah just
thought I'd show you you're not a real
dog you're a Furby you tired should go
to bed should put your kids anyway I'm
gonna go to bed now guys I will see you
again tomorrow with more of just sorting
out book which really isn't all that fun
to watch hopefully there'll be other
things I can film during the day as well
good night good morning everybody it is
now Friday
it's nearly the weekend and I'm back
here at the table got a bit of Governor
stay still at the moment just while I
was doing my makeup and Max is here and
Hollies hair and we're about to start on
summer summer vibes we're hoping we're
gonna get through summer before Briony
arrives and then maybe a bit of autumn
and then we'll go through as much as we
can with Briony here as well so yeah
let's go
hello this is not my best look it's half
seven and myself and Meg's just finished
autumn I'm not gonna lie it's just one
of those days where I wish I had like
five of me because my to-do list is so
long that it makes me slightly
internally stressed like I want to self
combust a little bit so good though a
little get done that's what my therapist
says to me she's like when have you ever
not got anything done and I'm like
that's a very good point I always get
everything done so I have faith in
myself that even though this feels like
I have a lot of things to do and no time
to do it in it will always happen in the
end and I love that because sometimes
when I'm feeling very overwhelmed and I
think I don't have time I'm stressed I
can't do this there's only one of me I I
can't do all these things there's never
been a time where I've not done them all
so or done all the things that I've
needed to get done so I can kind of
relax in the knowledge and trust that
somehow I will get them done because
that's what I always manage to do so but
yeah there you go so I packed up my bag
we're gonna head home I think I am going
to see the doggies obviously I haven't
seen them all day and I missed them
Alfie has gone out to see his friend
perform in the theatre show with Steve
so he came in here just to say hi a
minute ago and it was very nice because
I feel like I am not seeing Alfie for
the last like two days because we've
just both been so busy I've got some
leftover Krispy Kreme Doughnuts
delightful and yeah I need to stop and
get some petrol on the way home because
my car is telling me I have three miles
and three miles when I'm getting home so
so that needs to change but yeah let's
go home
