good morning everybody it's now Thursday
and I got up at 6:45 today because I
wanted to get into the office so about
the music I wanted to get into the
office really early because it had so
much to do and I thought the sooner I
get here the sooner I'm gonna start on
the work I need to do rather than like
be at home and like get ready a bit slow
in the normal so I basically jumped up
through my hair up slapped on some
makeup and I was sat here at my desk at
8 a.m. no one's in yet but it's quite
nice because I've like really cracked
cracked on with what I really need to
get on with and they've got the music on
and I've turned the tango ice machine on
I've got a couple of meetings today I've
got one with a publicist which I'm
really excited about and my second one
is with Becky from the company who
licensed my products sog and we're gonna
be doing a creative brainstorming
session for Christmas 2019 a little bit
of Oliver's I've just been going through
my external hard drives looking for all
the photos that Alfie took of me and
Nala in the snow because I need to send
those over to my book publisher so that
they can edit those and incorporate them
into the winter section of the book
which are really excited about seeing
because I'm so happy we have that random
flurry of snow because it worked out
really well in my favor I'm now just
copying over loads of video files is
anyone else a bit lazy when it comes to
clearing up your desktop and you just
leave tons and tons of files and footage
on your desktop and actually what you
need to do is drag them over to an
external hard drive so they don't take
all the room on your laptop it's just
one of those like laptop admin things
that I just never get around to doing so
that's what I'm currently doing at the
moment with
and one hundred thirty two gigabytes of
a video footage one time and then I need
to edit a video which I really really
want stick out at the start of the week
I just didn't have time so hopefully I
get that out today
I feel like the state of me right now
kind of shows you what kind of day
today's been I've literally just stalked
I was in that office working at a am
it's now 10 past 8:00 in the evening my
eyes are like burning I'm just so tired
it's been a long day very productive I'm
slowly losing my voice but I can kind of
use my knee now so wherever there's a
negative there's a positive I think it's
because I've been sat down all day I've
not really walked on it too much that
it's actually it's feeling so much
better
I'm so happy there was one moment when I
look down at my feet in fact it is it is
still like it it sort of turns inwards
can you see that like if both my feet
are straight this knee is quite straight
this knee goes in so I've definitely
done something to it but I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna carry on resting it and I
hope it just slowly like moves back into
place I'm gonna have a nice bath soon
Alfie's gone out he's playing golf with
Steve I'm trying to save this video but
that's not working it's one of those
days but you know what still smiling
because life is good it's just busy I
think I just like to order a Chinese and
eat some vegetable spring rolls in the
bar right now sounds to me like the
perfect evening also god I I literally
had my first we of the day as she knew
that's a lie I had a wee this morning my
second we of the day about 20 minutes
ago I forgot to we I haven't we'd today
that's that's not good my poor bladder
and kidneys I think I'm good think I'm
gonna leave today here I'm gonna put the
camera down I'm gonna eat all these
excessive
at me and mark bought yesterday and I'm
gonna say goodbye for now I'd know
I'm so happy marry barriers back on the
telly where is she on about those pies I
can say liquor she's back on my TV I'm
so happy about that because I'm the
biggest maryberry van lover good morning
everyone it's currently Tuesday and I
actually didn't film anything through
the weekend I had like a vlog free
weekend we didn't really get up to too
much we had a barbecue on Sunday which
was nice and I made a couple of salads
and some each and meses which is now all
I can think about and it's currently 755
and they're in the office and look who's
with me
I'm alone today Hey and I didn't do my
eye makeup so I'm gonna go in here and
have a little snoop at the PA box and
see if there's any new cool I shadow I
could use oh my goodness I need to sort
this out there's quite a lot here isn't
there wow I've got some nerves of Bobby
Brown oh my God look at these Mac
glitters oh my god you can't see that
but what's this okay blog referred eyes
shadow palette oh my god I kind of love
this sweetie this one what colors have
we got in here huh oh these are right at
my street this is beaut oh hey
that is gorgeous I wish I hadn't already
done my face but I did my face before I
got here
oh is this little eyeliner eye catching
bourgeois liner okay let's do that and a
liner shall we little bourgeois liner
Nala okay so I think I'm good with these
my eyes is there any new lip products
what's that
lash topia make a volume oh please look
delightful water these by NARS we've got
pomegranate lip pigment Oh
these two looks I'm going to get on it
and lift freak yeah like the one of
these two so I'll take these and then
I'll maybe take a lip glass all right
let's go let's go and do our makeup this
is the Karl Lagerfeld and model Co
eyeshadow palette day tonight in warm
nude it's very cute and look at all
those shadows are some really nice
colors in there okay so I think I'm
gonna go for I don't know whether to go
for this nice like peachy shade or to go
for something a bit more like champagne
II I think I might go for this one just
gonna put all over my eyelid and now I'm
gonna use a lighter one in the corner
that's nice okay now using a fluffier
brush I'm gonna go in with a brown into
the crease
give that a little bit definition
now I'm gonna put a little bit Brown
underneath my eye
I had the weirdest dream last night I
dreamt that I was in like a it was like
an old train carriage and it had the
vamps on it and for some reason I feel
like we were acting but then it was very
real and Brad was a vampire and he was
like look you're gonna be turned into a
vampire if we all stay on this train so
if you'd let me bite your arm you'll be
a vampire but then it's all done and I
was like okay I guess yeah fine so I let
him bite my arm
he turned me into a vampire and then if
you've just joined us I'm talking about
dream and then I was going somewhere and
I don't know where I was going it was
kind of like it was the end of a school
year or it was like leaving school for
the last time or graduating or I was
like leaving the country and never
coming back something was happening
where I was leaving and lots of people
were really sad okay I'm now gonna use
this eye catching a felt tip eyeliner
for an irresistible cat look draw the
line and stamp to flick what okay now I
need to stamp to flick okay surely that
flick is the wrong way though it needs
to be like that no no I can't do it
I've done a liner in a really long time
okay and then I'm gonna use the mascara
I brought with me it's just this amazing
cult Flashdance
I've done okay now let's look at me
these are the NARS pomegranate lip
pigments this is the shade la 3 oh that
looks beautiful and then we also have
this shade which is called get it on
which again is beautiful this is a bit
more of like a peachy nude maybe I might
go for the first one the Freak
very liquidy oh my god I love this
applicator it's like hard and pointy I
love this what the heck it's so easy to
apply the applicator is amazing and then
I guess it dries like matte then we have
a lip glass but I'm not sure I want to
put a lip gloss on top actually but that
was fun
delving through my P o box to find
things to wear love it I'm not sure what
my plans are for today I think I'm just
gonna carry on doing a bit more writing
I was writing pretty much all of
yesterday and all through the weekend
for cordially invited
just getting some like last-minute text
bits done but I've been having such mind
blanks because it's not like fiction
where when you're writing a story you
get really into it and you know what's
coming and you can be a lot more
imaginative and creative with your
writing style but I feel like with
nonfiction when you're writing kind of
like a how-to or I love this because
it's very it's a very different style of
writing and I find I actually get stuck
more with nonfiction than I do with
fiction which is so weird because you
would think it would be the other way
around but no so I've been having quite
a lot of mine blanks it's almost I kind
of need the floodgates to open and then
for it to all just pour out but I did
manage to get a lot done through the
weekend and yesterday so I'm happy about
that I've just have a few more other
bits to write and then not long until
the whole thing goes to print I'm gonna
make myself a little butter mint tea
I've got my mug out I think good tea is
in here ah
Harel my favorite taste like humbugs
take it over to the boiling tap spit
terrifies me
Jim so we've been having a bit of a
catch-up in the office for a good couple
of hours it would have been very boring
for you and I forgot to time-lapse it
but it did happen
we've now wandered into a health food
shop inviting called infinity foods
which is a lot of people have been like
favorite place to go because it has so
many great healthy vegan snacks
you're like nodding and Maddie's
favorite thing is the bars so she's
she's picking out some bars oh oh
they've got the little nibbles for naked
nibbles Poulsen these are great I love
these they're delicious
I discovered that in a sauce box oh I
like that blondie oh you come for some
great branding they're muddy yeah a lady
part a mini room I'm a blogger muddy
mark there's a product called a minie
Moe made me think of dr. ajai so that I
don't document Rita yeah ask me serious
question I'd love to know more today
what is your favorite sexual position I
don't have anything documentary
okay another day in the office done how
did you all find it today yeah party
late we all need to go home right I'm
gonna grab my stuff
and we're gonna walk down to the car
just got back
Alfie's Out playing golf and I had a
little package from my mom and look what
she served me some more of the salad
bonbons and now I can try the blue ones
because I haven't tried those before
did any of you see in my video where me
and mum we're eating these it was so
good and then I don't know what this is
oh so true so cute and so true thank you
so much mom that's so sweet of you I'm
gonna drop her at all call now and say
thank you hello everybody good morning
or should I say good afternoon now what
is the time oh how do I work your phone
there we go all we need to leave we
being we what did you film some videos
last week when we hung out but we didn't
get time because we were just too busy
catching up and there was other things
we were up to so we put aside some time
this Wednesday to film as many videos as
we can that we've been meaning to film
for a really long time which I'm just so
excited for because it just feels so
like I dunno I love doing it I feel like
the piece of weather is nice we're like
in like really good moods we're hanging
out we've got stuff to film I know you
and then also there'll be more things
for you guys to watch because I know you
love of logs but it has been a while
since you've done a sit-down video that
a soft one yeah that was like February
mark February
yeah
so long so long and I want to try and
put a little bit more effort into my
main channel I sort of fell out of love
with it a little bit because I get the
fear there's too many people there and I
and I get the fear and then I go away
and then I think I don't know how to
come back and I'm not with the times and
I'm old come on baby other silencers I
think I just think and actually what I
should just do is not overthink and just
upload whatever the hell I want to
upload which is just what I'm gonna do
now
so with that's one video a week all
videos a week who knows would you see
what I firmware I in it
and what I can upload speaking of I
would love to know what kind of things
you guys would really want me to do on
my main channel I think sometimes it
difficult cuz a lot of things that I
think I'll put my main channel I also
think I could block them so I get
confused like where stuff should go do
you know what I mean
I still think guys in the comments agree
with me you should do the full face
makeup for my PO Box you know I did a
little bit of that yesterday I didn't
have any eye makeup with me so I went
into my PA box and got some out yeah
let's lock up the house let's head into
town because we're filming sorry I'm
vlogging and eating it's not cute well
she sure
so we're filming two videos in the
office alrighty because they require a
little bit of assistance but you'll see
when we get there what kind of thing it
is perfect okay I might have to top up
my makeup of it we just filmed marks
video and I cry laughed perfect okay
awesome let's go we are now in town
and we've met up with Holly and we're
heading down to boho gelato because
tomorrow we're having a little birthday
celebration for Maddy and Carrie which
they don't know about and one of the
things we thought would be really nice
to do would be to do a little ice cream
party so we're going to go down and pick
out lots and lots of different flavors
so that tomorrow in the office we can
all just have a little ice cream time go
selection sorry people be probably lives
in Brighton yeah
okay you ready yeah so me and Mark are
doing a pizza taste test challenge
because let's be honest we all know how
much I love a pizza and so I thought it
would be so good if I had to actually
test my tastebuds and if I could tell
the difference between all the pieces a
mark was like yeah and you know what I'm
so good at difference between bottles of
water and I was like oh then what we
should do is a pizza one on my channel I
don't want on yours but now he's period
himself so yeah we're gonna sit down and
we're gonna film we're all done how did
yours go do you reckon I think it I
think it was just a very it was a lot
harder though who is it it was gonna be
yeah something I've eaten a lot pizza
very difficult water tasting the
difference between the two between eight
different types of rods and are we
thinking it was your idea I think every
funny though was a funny video we now
really want to do more taste testing
more things foods that you get
everywhere
oh yeah that's true pasta pasta black
mac and cheese next time next time isn't
this called the mirror this is that I
can see you in it hello Mia marker just
going through my P o box and oh my god I
know I showed the palette the other day
imagine yourself on the end of a makeup
brush this is so cool I used the
eyeshadow palette like two days ago
ah oh my god this is the coolest
branding what is a mascara oh wow what's
this I don't know I can't get it out
what's real in there oh don't worry I
meant don't worry about this is very
cool yay thanks so much I think I may
have to get it out yeah I really want to
know what it is now okay I think it's
this end that's really stuck with this
oh god it's got hardened it yeah there
we go
this is lip balm oh my god that's crazy
so you have a little voice fine yeah
honestly the craziest ha oh my god you
screw off his head open that huh little
bit on see what you think
does that mm-hmm
oh it's orange nice this is a little
bareMinerals package thank you so much
bareMinerals face primer good hydrations
I'm picking up good hydration or
crystalline glow highlights day Oh hmm
whoa that's pretty pretty nice very
pretty
what's in this little pouch I'm very
intrigued
do you know what it is oh is it what I
think rose quartz what does that mean
love oh do you want it
I've got a couple can well garan a wire
Russians since you've got the camera
bareMinerals
oh yeah it's quite hourglass see I love
that
listen topaz pink moonshine rose quartz
oh love it thank you bare minerals I
like the packaging as well yeah really
nice sorry none I was like of course Oh
what I mean you had to be there really
you had to be there
harlan this is one of my favorite things
to go through my PA box
oh I've laughed up all my makeup but
it's even better to go through it with
someone a because then I feel like I'm
much more strict about what I'm gonna
keep and use or what can go to a charity
but be because it's nice to like bounce
of someone else when you're looking
through stuff it's like really really
excited yeah love it oh my god you can't
buy this you've tried the wire got the
bronzer the coconut gel why like are all
face primer setting powder oh oh my god
I'm excited to see this I love oh that
is so my stream stomach I love Marc
Jacobs eyeshadows that's so nice I love
how like slimline the palettes are
they're really nice to go in a makeup
bag this does look like my mom
the mall of lamelle creme de la Mer man
it's another package you can't quite get
you know I was only doing it you can
have it I've already got it
have you actually let me just see no
yeah I've got muck I have this it just
doesn't have the little rose gold knob
you'll on it but I already have one you
have it
promise me I promise okay that's what
friends are for I don't know the tune to
sing that's awful oh yeah you can have
it why why do prongs are make me so
happy I owe you I want to see this bold
thing yeah male it's fun you've had some
treats as well haven't you someone sent
me some yeah okay so this is same
problems oh I love that's such poor
packaging be cool yeah guys central 23
have made birthday cards with my face on
that's a happy birthday from me I think
I should give one to Maddie for her
birthday I think there's so funny
carries already seen them otherwise I
would have given one to carry as well
and then look they've also kept me on
the front of a notebook is it weird to
give all my staff this know I love that
they've got my new hairstyle on here too
I love it also I don't know whether I
can use a notebook with my own face on
there although it does make the best
gift I can definitely give one to Alfie
thank you very much guys this is from a
company called yo and I cannot even tell
you how amazing this smells it smells
like honeysuckle and like all things
amazing this is shower gel the smell oh
my god I love
thank you so much I also really like
their branding it's so cute
I like this yeah and it came in a little
cardboard carry bag hand so I love the
pictures that's the same smell this is
hand sewn oh yeah love that three
kitchen
lovely jubbly anybody see in my
favorites video that I said I absolutely
loved it was this one I said this one no
it wasn't that one it was well maybe
it's not in here they've sent me loads
of new ones basically there was a
product from this brand that I put in my
favorites video recently and they very
kindly sent me loads more of their
products for me to try so thank you so
much Amica I am very excited to try all
of these so myself Holly and mark is
still here and it's half steppin and
we've been decorating the office for the
girls tomorrow we've also got a few more
decorations to bring in Oh fine so we've
got on their chairs we've got a balloon
happy birthday Maddy and then we've got
carries over there and then we've put
some confetti we've put some lovely
bunting what you'll all in our and then
we've set out some plates napkins you've
got confetti cannons and then we've
popped up the little boho gelato bits
and the little spoons
happy birthday bunting and some more
star heart no star bunting so I think
it's gonna let magical home now and
there's a lot of labs in this little
room what is this game so small
well done we've just finished filming
the video and now we are all looking
little leg
we're now sitting down to watch a film
that we've both wanted to watch for a
really long time or we've waited for
each other to watch it yeah and it's
called wonder and I've heard great
things emotions but great things so oh
yes as well
oh my god I just can't wait to watch
this I find it feel much it's okay
little bit sad just all those face masks
I think I'm icing on me I know we're
only like halfway through do you like
that oh my god I loved it I'll tell you
I didn't lie though oh bloody ell
wouldn't you like it okay it would give
it away
but is a great film honestly I would
recommend you watch that it's so feel
good though isn't it that's what's like
so emotional about her it's like a
roller coaster
try rise may we are gonna go to bed it's
been a lovely day very productive and
that film was stunning wonderful
wonderful
fabulous I hope he's already gone up to
bed he's gone to bed before me what the
hell we did fall asleep no I know I
didn't fall asleep I was hooked on that
film yeah I was a stunning film yeah oh
yeah that's very unnecessary very
unnecessary yeah there's one bit in it
which was so unnecessary
I was crying I'm like they've just done
this yeah just good oh oh so good night
Idaho you enjoyed today good morning
everybody it's now Thursday and I'm the
first one in the office I've already
been here for about half an hour just
making everything look nice for Maddy
and Carrie a bit of Avril on these cakes
they're biscuit cakes and they've been
made by Francis Quinn how amazing are
these
I honestly think they're gonna love them
and then we've got some flowers some
Liberty hats paper plates napkins it's
all going on so popped all this on here
now
Polly's here cutting up some brownies
that Francis also made thank you so much
I'm gonna leave a link to her Instagram
in the description box because some of
the things she bakes honestly are
incredible perfect it looks so great
this looks
oh my goodness
it's only right 'stryed Bimbo's just cut
that much then cut that one yeah it's
now time for ice cream look at this
spread look at you sat over there on
your own with your little part mmm
so we've got them all spread out there's
a lot of different flavors how many was
there 20 20 different flavors which ones
have you got so far
I've got sea salt caramel oh yourself
no no no yeah yeah no no that's too
close
but yeah directly on yeah just don't
mind the noise it goes and then I
suppose there yeah yeah it's my head oh
good yeah what oh my god it's hard
I'll do this my way due to what Michael
my eardrums Oh
are you just saying that I'm still
filming
