good morning it isn't on Saturday and me
and mum out on a dog walk and it is so
nice is all like misty but like the Sun
is trying to come through do you see
that oh you okay Nana
I've got mum's dog walkers she lay on
I've got her boots on I look so stylish
it's like quarter past 6:00 in the
morning or something isn't it yeah we're
up early because this morning we are
gonna head to Primark which is about an
hour away this is the only Park I will
ever go to because it's just the best
one and it's the one in Bristol I worked
out I've not been to Primark since me
and Mark when which was like February
last year that's mad I wish I lived
closer to Bristol the Brighton one just
isn't good she's so cute she's off the
lead again at the start of the walk she
was a bit unsure she was literally
walking next to me like constantly
looking up but they're just look at them
they're so cute she's gonna get a ball
in the face in a minute difference is
between a Labrador and Nala are so funny
Nala won't walk like in any of the
puddles or any of the mud Hector's just
like running around loving life drinking
the puddles
so the opposite now Alfie these are
things we must consider when we want a
bigger dog he eats cow parts and he
drinks out of puddles they completely
opposite to our little pampered princess
who won't
Oh his poos are a lot bigger I can't
believe that that's so funny to me let's
see if she watches him do you think that
tastes like normal water so nice smells
avoiding his chops puddles look
and eating Cowpat we've arrived in
Bristol what's the time it's not open
yet ten past eight or we may as well
wait here then
yeah we're listening to giovanna's
podcast happy mum happy baby just cuz
there's so many lovely people on now and
it's really nice and also we've just
said that Giovanna has the voice where
she could be like a children's
storyteller
she's got the best voice there we go
okay so we'll just sit here then for a
bit who arrives at Primark before it's
open that is dedication which way do we
go up this way
hi mom okay I hope they've opened the
back door though you might not have we
might have to go around the front I have
been in here for five minutes and I've
already filled this massive basket oh
this is not gonna be good there's like
no one here this is why you shot a
Primark at 8:30 in the morning on to my
second basket I up to floor tea they
have every type of slider you could ever
want I've just picked up some of these
jelly sliders I couldn't resist just for
the garden just trying on a little hat
that says beach please I'm not sure it
suits me but mum says it does suit me I
think it's just because it's a very like
floppy hat do you know what I mean
getting out of hand mums buying cat a
tomorrow make everybody wear them can
you imagine grandad wearing this mermaid
these wigs oh that would be fun
I've outgrown katish I'm too old however
a wig and a mermaid headband I think
would look amazing on granddad so it's
currently husband line and it's just
started getting busy a hot night but we
had a good hour when I was like no one
else in here
I'm on my second basket or technically
third basket and now going to the
pajamas which is just all-around
dangerous because I like pajamas far too
much there's definitely a lot more like
Disney Hogwarts themed pajamas right now
which is not generally the style I'd go
for but if you love that kind of thing
Primark seem to have so much of that
right now lots of nice little nightshirt
slippers I kind of want some just nice
cozy ish PJs nice they have royal
pajamas and socks do you think Prince
Harry knows that these are in Primark no
I think it looks like a four year old
with the crown on this confuses me why
would you want Pringles on your pajamas
just not sure about this I'm entering
down to the men
damage is done so I guess I'll believe
it you've done a bit of damage now we
need to find out where the car park is
that was successful they've got loads of
good stuff right what a bargain no I
think we're going to head back and go to
Morrison's to get some last minute bits
and pieces before grandma's party
tomorrow and we can grab something for
lunch do you think it's quicker to go
across here
yeah I thought one two three bags mama
she only had one
very impressed man one bag
lots of t-shirts oh I always get my
basics which takes up a lot of room but
it's necessary because it's like to
pound 50 for a little cami top so I
really stuck her lovely day
why don't say that to you I said the
weather's going to be so nice we should
do it outside oh yeah apparently they've
built this little garden in Bristol
taken on the roundabout right let's get
these bags in the car which thankfully
I've got seats down so we can literally
just throw them pushed it back out again
but to try and get out of the most
nightmare car parking space in the world
and it's gonna really stress me out I
actually don't mind parking but when
this cart this particular car park in
Bristol has the smallest tightest spaces
and I'm in the bigger car so I'm gonna
pull myself a little bit
you see mom like go inky
gonna burn or uh she can amaze
I mean she's gonna pin my mom between a
car
Vica
oh my god mom are you gonna make I can't
see our hands anymore
I think I might be able to get out now
cookie thing yeah I was worried I was
gonna pin you against the column on July
1st a little
okay I'm good just using the
sensitiveness senses uh oh yeah
mum said that she's currently obsessed
with I can't decide with you it's better
to crunch them and chew them or just
suck them in a really long time
Oh lots more than I thought I think I
just ate half your oh by the way it
what's the time now
Wendy past had with good yeah but it's
convenient also yeah it's addictive oh
my god Oh
Lou into my mouth alright so we're gonna
look at the plants and see if there's a
nice one for grandad cuz I what we're
doing yes we can do that first okay oh
great plan
wow this is my current view bought
grandad a magnolia tree
I think he'll really like it can't see
where I'm going now I don't need another
tree stop talking to Ann Racz mums like
you know that all right
all the a a sorry your competitor and
then she was like rummaging around in
her bag to help me out to prove it oh my
god we now need to work out how we're
gonna fit a tree in the car I think
he'll be okay we'll have to lie it down
yeah
whisk it you show him what do you mean
this is knowledge first encounter with a
cow Hector's brought them a toy
I don't think knowledge - sure mom oh my
god they're running across the field to
come and fight we better start
performing then
one's having a we watch it look at them
all what do you think what do you think
papi looking at you this is the weirdest
thing they're all just staring alright
Hector bloody hell oh no wanna throw
your toy is really well get it off me
I'm Hector can you give me give me babe
whoa I'm still fine your dog is stronger
than me
I'm still finding it so weird getting
used to a big dog like he has much power
but you don't have I'm so not used to a
big dog much more slobber much more
muscle a head that's bigger than mine
basically look at all these cat oh my
god there's more coming do you know
which one's my favorite yeah the little
white one with the white head that one
oh that's so cute oh thanks mum where
are you oh you go down there null is
like no puppy don't go near the edge you
can't fall in there you can Hector just
jumps in doesn't it my god mom they're
going a bit like crazy for Hector look
thank knowledge good hello cow mom
licking you know don't bark on them the
cows are so intrigued by Nala look at
them watching her as she walks come on
Han look they're all looking at you just
go this way oh you're a bit scared this
bunch
oh very mum's greenhouse just watering
all the plants or what have you got in
here mom this is a tomato plant that's
potato oh those are tomato yeah I knew
that
how often do you have to water things in
here every day have you okay so I have a
question for you I can't remember who I
was discussing this with oh it was with
everyone the other day on a shoot hmm
because we needed to know what a flower
was and all of us went I'll ask my mom
so do you think that you get into
gardening as you get older like none of
us went over last my cousin
oh I'll ask my friend we all shared I'll
ask my mom so does that mean one day I
will injure you haven't always enjoyed
gardening happier or happier yeah I just
realize I've got lunch on the side of my
house I'm used to go my grandpa used to
have a love
he had greenhouses and everything we
didn't even watch him freaking out
plants and then dad yeah grandad always
loved air and goodness fuchsias and
that's why I like the smell of tomato
plant because of the smell of granddad's
greenhouse yeah oh I love the smell of
sweet peas and that's letter I think I
definitely know more
what is that recipe peace oh my gosh yes
when will they like come out well if you
plant them that you plant them now and
then they'll be loud yeah oh my god I
would love to sweet pea out of my
favorite sweet peas and hyacinths
because they smell so great oh look
you've done this so nice like named
everything strawberry mint mint and lime
mint this is like herb garden goals do
you find it very therapeutic goodness
yeah would you recommend more people
start gardening look how lovely my mum's
little I feel like everyone will be like
showing their mums this part of the blog
look at Tracy's Tracy's a little what do
you call this your this is a vegetable
vegetable garden but it's like you've
even got mini little poly tunnels down
there bergamot oh I like bergamot I was
putting that in fragrance oh that's
lovely
Oh a curry plant Oh smells like curry
sage - sage so everything yeah Oh sage
smells nice you usually put sage with oh
yeah nothing on my feet is that a little
bit of asparagus Wow
so when do you pick it so that and
there's loads all under here not they
only go as far as that oh okay but they
reckon you can hear them growing
in the ground oh my gosh so if you came
here at nighttime and you just listened
you'd hear the asparagus and then we've
got some flowers down here oh I love
these do you know what these remind me
of Alice in Wonderland oh yeah yeah yeah
they're pansies aren't they they all
edible flowers you should put them on
top of some salads tomorrow these in the
station's sounds like a name
alright borage what's this big thing
down here broad beans so do they grow as
tall as back then we got carrots all
that growing beetroot what why why would
you put this on just to protect them it
makes them grow faster Oh pea shoots
what's this one you've got not got a
label for this one that's spinach and
that's radish it does kind of make me
want to have strawberries raspberries
yeah this is our last big cage they're
gonna be the most expensive two birds
picking them off when will these grow up
these are autumn raspberries September
October did you buy them like this or if
they grown like that from seeds no we
moved here there was just like one or
two canes you just think they split them
that's so good
look at the doggies we do in he's up
there in the shade
mum has printed off loads of photos of
my granddad and there's this one where
it looks like Jo like it looks like a
photo of Jo well how old do you think is
in this about Jo's age he would be
lovely inside systems like how nuts is
that that's Joe what the heck he's got
muscle your legs and Joe's oh I'm sorry
look at these I love that these were old
photos we're not actually even sure if
that's dad
that's not granddad's I don't think
that's a hundred percent not grandma a
stocktake like you can so see that's not
grandad who is that I don't know
awkward look all these pictures of you
he's like this that's not grandma that's
Brandon no it's not that's taken on the
same rock so he obviously took a picture
of Grandma and granddad took a picture
of him over there is over this is nanny
granddad I hope he doesn't mind that I'm
like how I remember grandeur he's gonna
die of embarrassment Oh
scampi yeah I don't know why dads giving
me three pictures of the same evening do
you think they took this on a self-timer
they definitely did oh my god how funny
use out the camera Richard okay now run
back to the chair he's pressing a button
man he's pressing it here and here
how funny in their garden we're gonna
love it I love looking at old photos
it's one of my favorite things today
please work Oh was that like an
anniversary or something I oughta ste
think you look like I'm a proper mixture
of nanny Angra
that yeah I love old folk days if this
Portugal mum that's me and oh my god but
do you know what's so funny I look
nothing like you as a child when you
were a child me nothing at all but Joe
does look a bit like uncle Andy yes
granddad's hair I mean is definitely the
17 1973 so you were 10
I remember those orange trousers and
they're quite that's quite stylish
seventies is in right now I love it I
love all these we've taken out the ones
that are undone now we've come into a is
this called rapeseed oil yes and it is
beautiful and I can't even explain the
smell of it doesn't it smell so good
yeah it's like butter
good morning cows oh they look so soft
oh there's always one isn't there oh
good morning everybody it's now Sunday
and we have started the day off with
another walk
look who's joined us farmer days dragged
Alfie out of bed this morning he got to
mums late last night and I was like we
need to bring him down
so he can stroke a cow because he really
wanted to cook a cow
so I herded them in deny you actually
did and now we just say hello to the
cows there's only one that coughs like a
human this one's got horns oh yeah maybe
that I think there are they do you think
they put all the same like all boys into
one failed all girls into one failed or
do you think they mix them that's so
interested in Hector look yeah he does
not care he's just eating grass hello
oh that one is a horny little bugger oh
my god Alfie look look at Hector with
them he's really uninterested isn't it
oh the church bells oh my god the brown
one Alfie it's like ginger I love it go
on go on come on
Nala hey do you think you are you know a
Labrador you've been away from Brighton
for two nights
who do you think you are this is the
exact same puddle but she drunk up to me
so it looks pretty like fresh water go
no fee Alfie go on oh hi doggies back
now and I am about to start on a little
caprese salad
I mean mums and everything else but this
is my one contribution what are you
gonna do that on mmm just the bike look
how tall you are
compared to me hey wait come down next
to my face I'm just
okay I found the balsamic glaze and
we're good I put it under here Oh lovely
mmm got some little Forks to help
getting oh yeah it's time to put the
doughnuts on the trays there we go happy
80th birthday granddad
okay the garden is looking very birthday
ask you want Joe to throw that da and
I've just finished this wall which has
lots of the photos of grandad he's
looking very good I've also made up
these little jam jars with flowers and
I'm gonna one alfea's finish editing I'm
gonna ask him to cut down some blossom
from the trees to put in there as well
now will showered wash my hair already
and I think we're about ready for
everybody to arrive I'm just gonna show
you a few little bit just because it
looks like you so mums already bringing
everything out but we've got some quinoa
potato salad salad the doughnuts I think
there's a lot of food to come mum made
this salmon quiche yesterday look she's
using little black gift tags and then
just writing on them in a chalk pen and
then over here on the sideboard we've
got all the cutlery in this nice dish
salt and pepper all the napkins the
plates and then we bought this yesterday
from Primark so we've just written happy
80th birthday from everyone who loves
you mum made this cake which looks
amazing we've got the music playing
might turn up a little bit so we can
hear outside what else oh I put loads of
balloons around so we've got all the
balloons oh we've got one that's just
deflated how bizarre and some bunting
and then in the garden it looks so cute
I put some balloons up in trees and some
bunting and then we've got the balloons
I got in Brighton I mean these ones
these ones have lasted amazingly these
ones are this is probably their last day
which is probably for the best we've got
all the snacks on the table and then the
little birthday wall which is all
finished I'm just so happy for mum that
it's a really nice sunny day because if
it was raining it just would not be the
same I also now need to get Alfie to
come and help
cut a little bit of blossom out of this
tree so that I can put it in the little
father's and jars and the tables I just
can't reach it you okay Hector are you
all done
I can see Joe's helping did you just
fall are you okay oh they're in the
other room on the side what's this some
ham Oh lovely watch Harry tomatoes my
fave then mum made some Scotch eggs
oh that's okay this is more like snacky
bits oh no you've got be gonna be inside
these dogs are so tired
I think Hector's finally given in and
fallen asleep but Nala
just will not she's just following me
around like my shadow but she's so tired
it's good I warm out got that weird blue
toy oh I like your new hat Joe Thanks
where'd you get it exhaust I really like
it
it's not very summery but I think train
driver got a little drink station over
here well Joe just made Hector jump he's
so mean to you isn't it
it means we just managed to chop this
down from the tree Oh God but every time
we touch it I'll pop them into vases in
a minute happy birthday Hector you're
good thank you
yeah we're going this way good looking
jeans don't either
speed time oh did she just report one a
poor girl scratching Nala she gets
really angry at him with that she thinks
that he's a liability due time oh yeah
like what use one two like oh happy
birthday
you've got 80 wishes do you guys love
Syrian Allah and then she bitches happy
80th birthday hope you have the best day
celebrating with everyone love how sweet
mum is crying reading every card
we need to it we need to let someone
else read the cards congratulations on
being 80 we are all catching up fast
love and best wishes we told Peter
praetor beat pretty soon Thea possible
that's Rita Skeeter the dear Richard
have the most wonderful day happy
birthday and many congratulations on
reaching 80 I am sad you are not able to
do as you did not see on the table some
stuff like that
is that what she's written oh but I
value your friendship and Carol your
guardian angel have a wonderful
celebration with your family Carol Lee -
honey yeah go for Jose we got home
straight to me to go straight out oh my
god I've really got in with the bronzer
and the blush okay in natural light
we're going down to the Fugees festival
on home loans and we're gonna go and see
the gin bar which is the thing that
Abby's been working on and I'm excited
to see it
but also who's playing what are they
called again Josias
the few Z's are playing or anyone that's
like my age or a bit younger I guess now
he's aged - yeah I would say around mid
twenties you may have loved the Hoosiers
at some point in your life but yeah
you'll know a few of that songs I'm sure
I think it's only really open up it's
nice to just let down since we got back
in time it's the most glorious evening
like I couldn't understand okay they're
having a vodka the beach huh oh look at
that Sun that is nuts you can't really
see because they'd be so happy that it's
still so high yeah we've still got
unknown
an hour or so maybe start yeah exactly
it's so nice I bet there's going to be a
really nice sunset don't by the beaches
of I am yawns tired oh I don't know how
long I'm gonna last but I gonna give it
my best shot
get some churros oh sure oh yeah
honestly I couldn't really eat some
cherries right now you wanna say
three tea you need more than one good
afternoon everybody I'm aware yes now I
go to the foodies festival but I didn't
actually film very much
and we've come back today so I thought
since it's light out I would show you a
little bit more we've got a little
Duffy's and a tizzy chin
although it's not watching an eyeball
mocktail but it's a ginger one what's in
the
two important
- barely even making these a weekend
honestly so hot I've already had a
potato skewer and now we're on the hunt
for something a bit sweeter I think I
could maybe go for some water
this is so awkward because now what do I
can do you see what I mean we need to go
and sit down somewhere
