good morning everyone it's Thursday and
it's a beautiful sunny day I didn't
actually film yesterday because what was
I doing yesterday oh we went and did
some zoella Beauty social media photos
and then we went out for lunch but it
was really like raining miserable day
and I just didn't feel like getting my
camera out so weird today I actually did
wake up with a really awful headache I
hate when that happens because you go to
bed and you think oh I can't wait to
wake up feeling refreshed and ready for
a new day and actually what I think I
did was I slept on my neck sunny which
gave me a really really bad headache so
I woke up I downed like a pint of water
took some headache tablets and I'm
starting to feel a little bit more
normal now but that was not the best
start today I'm not gonna lie now I'm
gonna get nah let's harness out because
we're gonna head to the office are you
ready and catch up on a little bit work
and see everybody else I tell you what
having a shower when you feel like ill
or like headachy is actually like really
obvious from the tree she's gonna run
away now it's actually like it makes me
feel so much better I don't know whether
it's like the hot water on my head or
maybe it was the hot water on my neck
it was the hairdryer but that's also
really helped so top tip if you have a
real bad headache
put the hairdryer on it might not be the
best because of the noise but oh you
found achoo you have to hurry up and eat
that because we need to get in the car I
don't know if anyone else's dog does
this but when she has like a treat or
like a to treat more specifically she
kind of parades it for a bit she sort of
runs around like look what I've got look
what I've got so she was just running
around in circles just then with it in
her mouth like whoa now she's eating it
dogs are funny things we discover new
and weird things about Nala all the time
and I love it
you ready miss emo should we go
should we go oh god I forgot these
cheese maker go absolutely crazy
come on oh we good we're going oh you're
so cute
Darla gonna have a kiss hey are you
ready shall we go shall we go to the
office I love pugs heads so flipping
March you're so animated there's no more
she's looking friend of the tree arrived
at the office
oh sorry having a conversation this
whole desks had people around the whole
thing
I'm currently packing up some little
packages just to send out to lots of
really lovely accounts that always post
the most gorgeous
zoella beauty images and just always
sharing the love so I thought it would
be really nice to send them a little
surprise package hopefully they don't
see this before I send them they might
not I've put them into little piles I've
tried to make it really even and make
sure that everyone has a good selection
now we need to get all the boxes out and
all the tissue and pop them in
boxes are all packed ready to be sent
I'm now gonna just write some little
messages on some cards and then these
will get collected
hey already with their little
personalized notes enjoy it's my
granddad's 80th birthday at the weekend
so I thought it would be really nice to
get him some dum-dum Donuts that spell
out happy 80th birthday grandad so we've
got these ready to take back but then I
also thought it would be nice for
everyone in the office what do you want
to also experience a bit of dum-dum
donut on a Thursday can't go wrong
which one do you think looks the best
ones Lalo so this is the galaxy one I
don't know what's in that I think it's
just like a vanilla cream that is a
creme brulee
that's just like a strawberry this is
the zebra this is a Nutella and this is
like a blackberry cream we should cut
them all into four so people can have
like little bits of everything because I
feel like that's just the best way to do
it did you like the other way yeah which
one do you think I think I might have
some this one yeah that is the best one
there this is a fly pro cutting skill
drop down there
yeah well done really impressed
hey rice we didn't cut that one very
well you're fired
stop making that joke
you're fired
goodbye madam
I am making them Leszek why do you keep
saying it make it when I say that it
means it becomes really easy if I say
this one's so easy to cut it just
doesn't work and it just means you're
really really strong yeah I'm so bad
it's that's nice
have you tried that before is this what
we gonna do about that yeah yeah that
good how's the watch well nothing's
really happening to it we do keep
watering it but nothing's coming out I
think it's a strawberry plant yeah do
you feel really far away
I am absolutely as obsessive I never
thought it would be possible no what was
the question
oh my favorite question of all time
because I've asked it so many times I've
run out of things today I know one thing
that people might not know about me come
on guys
do you like avocados yeah is there
something I didn't used to like I'm not
appropriate for suits a drug it looks
like very wrong skinny dip in the summer
in the evening what would I rather do
the first thing I would have in my
summer travel
that's enough is enough
I mean Holly have come out to get some
balloons for my granddad's birthday
party from peach blossom look at the
side of that one stand next to Holly for
size reference it's Holly give me one of
them just like no and I can't even see
her you said you're my employee
no Holly am i scary employee you're my
bomb suit am i scary you said oh you're
scary employee oh yeah
am i scary boss I'm not I'm very
productive day in the office our fee is
still away I forgot to mention this
morning but our fees gone to Bristol to
film a TV show but I cannot play what TV
show is or he will probably murder me as
well the TV show so I will leave up to
him to tell you when he's allowed to
tell you but that was very exciting but
that is why he's not here and why he
wasn't here last night I'm not actually
too sure what time he's coming back but
I need to pack because I am heading off
to my mum's tomorrow and I would much
rather have everything sorted tonight
and go to bed with like a clear mind
knowing I can just wake up tomorrow jump
in the car and go and for that reason
because I'm taking Nala I thought it
would be better to fill the car with
diesel now so that I don't have to fill
the car with diesel with her in the car
because I just I don't know how that
would go down because I'll want to lock
the car I know I can steal her but at
the same time I think she'd probably set
the alarm off all hiccup I've brought
all the balloons in and the donor so
that's ready to take tomorrow but I
didn't want to leave balloons in the car
overnight in case they were popped I'm
gonna nip out now and get some diesel in
the car and maybe pick up something for
dinner because I'm kind of craving
mashed potato
and I'm kind of craving beans so
something that involves both of those
things look after the house now they're
sure all done bought some stuff for my
dinner and I also bought some road trip
snacks for tomorrow because again I
can't really stop off with the doggie in
the car I mean I probably can what do
you guys do I'm just taking my shoes off
I'm speaking to you but what do you guys
do do you go into petrol stations with
your dog do you lock your car because
then does that man set your alarm asks
how does it work
how does it work with a dog I've never
tried it because any time we've been at
a petrol station either myself or Alfie
have been able to stay in the car with
Nala it's not been a situation where
there's only one of us but tomorrow it's
only me it's only me do I want a bar
that is the question eh maybe I do what
you're saying does she want good morning
everybody
it's Friday and I am about to head back
to my mum's in Lucia got some
strawberries some crispy rolls some
sausage rolls basically everything rolls
I don't really know where to put stuff
krispies roll down there I'm not gonna
lie I'm a little bit terrified to do
this journey in case one of these pots
in my ear because that will really me up
not gonna lie is there anyone else who
is scared of balloons please let me know
I'm not alone should we see if there's a
nice playlist we can listen to
hello hello
you are in my boot
oh you want to coming track okay Alfie's
left his car keys in the bait that's
good
hey oh my god you wouldn't have been
able to do anything
lucky
okay currently it's playing video music
which we don't want to listen to you the
whole way Dewey
oh god my Maltese is a mountain and they
go into a wall right we've arrived at
mums we're now out for a little walk I'm
just picking up a dog I think you can
see you in the background
Hector's just pooed in a load of
stinging nettles yeah I don't want to
get with his back I love walking in the
countryside when there's like no one
else and all you can hear is the birds
and like distant lawnmowers this is like
knowledge dream do you remember last
time we came she was so knackered was it
she it was like the best night's sleep
she's ever had come on look how
different they are in size though it's
so cute
I think Hector thinks he's a really tiny
dog when he plays of Nala cute together
now you can't always be in the front you
have to blow it I think normally people
pick them when they blow them okay this
little bit is so funny because it's so
grassy we just kind of lose Nala come on
why are you eating why are they both
eating all the grass I wonder what she
sees let me get down to her level oh my
goodness it's a jungle okay because
we're in literally the most country lane
possible I've taken off Nyla's lead now
we all know
she's not the best off the lead she gets
a bit confident from freedom is very
exciting for her so we're gonna see how
this goes
mum just gave her a treat so she knows
those treats looker see I'm like a
nervous parents just let go of my
child's hand for the first time on the
bike yeah good girl I'll see you do come
back yes you do you're so cute I feel
like jumping like a little lamb in there
in the grass watch I'll watch her she'll
get so far that you'll run back praise
yeah come on then we're back from our
walk and we've just had a cup of tea and
I said old you know what we should watch
this time next year which if any of you
haven't seen it you have to watch it
incredible I already love Davina anyway
so anything she does I already watch it
but it's just the best broke up I've
already warned mum she's gonna cry
like every single one mum's already
crying ah the bit before they've gone in
on the first person like honestly the
programme has been on for like three
minutes already crying
let's find out
has she done it mum look a hectare yes I
am done now
she's done it mom
she's got night yeah do it
mom he looks so massive compared to you
and you look so tiny now ah she's so
tired she's like trying so hard to stay
away hello guys I was uh I was just
editing this vlog and I realized that it
kind of ends quite abruptly and then
there's a really random clip that I
filmed on mums phone because we went out
for a walk and I mean you'll see it
after this but I'm sorry that this vlog
is a little bit shorter it's not short
and I think for some of you you probably
appreciate that it's a bit shorter but
it is shorter than normal and that is we
phones going crazy and that is purely
because I filmed across like four days
and then the last two days which make
sense for them to be together is a lot
longer and I have that vlog coming out
tomorrow so you can see that one
tomorrow but this one is a bit shorter
because it didn't make sense for me to
go on into the next day otherwise it
would have been literally an hour long
so yes I really hope you oh my goodness
my phone so yes I really hope you
enjoyed this vlog enjoy the next random
clip of Nala who basically we took her
on an evening walk and this is what she
did enjoy Nala has copied Hector and is
drinking from a muddy puddle we actually
joked about that haha she's drinking her
puddles who even are you Nala
Oh
