good morning everybody today I wanted to
do a vlog because I am going to go
shopping which I thought was a really
nice child fun day and also it makes me
feel as though you guys are coming with
me and we're having a giant mammoth
shopping session however I'm not going
by myself
I'm going with the ever so gorgeous Anna
of the ciccone Jodie's or just Anna
ciccone Jody if you've watched my vlogs
and out these vlogs you will know who
they are you're right Elfi - you're
stuck in my head oh my is who i do you
know why
because you had your eyes shut and you
were lying down
if i could do that to you every morning
i was trampled my eyes to get you up
yeah she knows not to run across my head
she's biting your head anyway
shopping and use these two crazies here
hey
oh goodness okay you're in a really
hyper mood and you're biting my clothes
okay time to leave time to leave
evacuate evacuate go for in left so my
coat is from Topshop about two years ago
I think but I love it so much it's like
what do you call that it looks like your
sofa and I rob this leaves up and then I
think I've got like a cropped jumper so
it quite slouchy and it's got a roll
neck what we going to the jumper oh just
finishing a Brian in love
I then got these which are Jamie jeans
from Topshop they're like 5 wasted ones
I think these are like my new favorite
jeans we've got little pockets in the
back and cutouts on the knee
you hear that guys new favorite tune so
we never used to wear jeans until I made
her and now I make me you just said one
day all this isn't really nice and you
know I was like maybe two and and then I
have some boots on which are brand new
which is why they let me super shiny and
quite unworn and these from a soft so
that is my outfit oh and my handbag and
all our washing just up there in case
you wanted to see it and this is wrong
Topshop oh I've got since May sauce so a
sauce Topshop a sauce Topshop Topshop
basically just living in top shape it is
right now oh my lipstick is what they're
one of my wire sell ones but I'll maybe
link everything in the description box
for you if I remember bye we need your
camera there you go Thanks it's that
really horrible weather today where it's
like spitty rain well it's not even rain
it's just 15 bits of wet the sort of
weather that makes your hair go frizzy
so I'm really glad we're going to blue
water is all inside shopping I'm so
excited we're gonna set off now and I'll
see you know yay we've made it a blue
water although the weather on the way it
was terrible we didn't think we were
going to die switch and I think I do
know joggers joggers I'm trying to like
suffice
also Anna's found and eight dog wait
yeah eight dog chow it looks like a
child
yeah with the pink spots a bit like
Charles Charles roll the tart rather L
on the tongue yeah that's pretty cool
yeah I think new actual working I need
to get full stop
yeah that's quite a lot in hands nice
choice and some beach stuff just trying
to find some sexy Irish night where
Jonathan's a lucky man I'll get this
probably I'm the Irish kiss me anyway
yeah this I think you
perfect tanning oh yeah Anna is in our
element we've come to the TV shop
okay so like big girl Barbies oh my god
Zoe found a new dress it actually seems
like it would fit well I like Cinderella
although Cinderella
is that Cinderella no that looks like
Aurora oh my
oh yeah that's a bit too small for me
you've decided to have a little bit of a
what would you call it hit stock food
great energy boost
we're in bills and I've gone for my
favorite what's this called it's pink
lemonade flow float and anna has a diet
coke this looks so boring I've got bad
lemon in there this is frosting
don't you it is really delicious
yummy yummy yummy yours definitely looks
a lot healthier than mine oh my god it's
Tyler do you re honest yeah right g1i
they're the same color those yeah I do
the latest because I've got no lipstick
on
Oh Anna oh my god I'm doing this right
oh it's what we're supposed to be doing
my lovin it's like Ariana's eyes
Kylie's lip who's then tie her lip gloss
isn't this random person we're just
going through this magazine
it's called shout social woohoo team
Internet takeover it's quite interesting
actually it's quite fun but this is a
massive poster about PETA I'm gonna put
above my bed when I get home here's a
OTP do you want Danis all okay
or do you want I choose the thug life do
you go on I okay I'm gonna have you know
TP I should have got that Mike Skinner
for media
oh yeah cuz she would like know some of
the people in it
this is already you wouldn't know isn't
it like I've made the stickers myself I
want Miranda's lips
yeah it's real that's so weird
no I've I smudged all on my face no it's
just like four enough oh yeah
what they actually do to rekey show us
in amongst all the bird
we just had a little start back shot and
I've got a coffee and she's not in focus
and a little muffin and I had a rocky
road which I was a little and there's
always pointed out whenever I have
anything to eat
I always be a tiny field in the end and
I never notice that I don't know why I
do it I think I'm just like there's a
little bit of a pregnant either of us
have babies anytime soon interesting it
is actually very interesting because a
lot of women to have babies so that's
like I mean what was secretive provides
about
and oh they're so pretty like that all
in my head
Wow Wow yeah that's great I know yeah
yeah one thing to wipe your nose oh
hello hey
are you trying to stand up what are you
doing mister what are you doing
have you found a little corner to hide
yeah what data is like an irishman do
that ha did I it looks like he's on a
little sleigh it's a little pink sleigh
so Eduardo de dah she's like I can do
that
Oh want me to eat a one with a doggie
like your basement I know we just have
yeah yeah carry on carry on
they were just roots much annoying on
this it's fruit to nut and we're talking
about fuzzy eating and Jonathan went
short so I went no me if you've got any
words and he was no fruit in there so
look what he brought out and he doesn't
share it with anybody
oh well then I feel very provide
honestly he doesn't like this for me
right I'm now home and I'm back with my
beloved my beloved I one true love
wait one true pairing y'all might want
you pairing I had the nicest day with
Anna look at that it was Oh little pug
yawning oh my god that is so cute it was
just really nice we just chilled and
chatted and it was so relaxed as well
like town wasn't massively busy and town
we didn't go to I went to blue water I
know I just saw that looks really funny
I hope he's showing me things on
Facebook
and yet it was just super super lovely
and I had a really amazing day I love a
so much I feel like we're so on the same
page with so many things and we had a
really funny fun day I like that they're
here I like that they're up the road
means we can all hang out and do fun
stuff because I like them they're really
nice people anyway and it was also
really nice hanging out with Jonathan
when we got back as well we always have
like such deep chats and then before I
know it I look at the clock and I'm like
it's midnight I should probably go um so
I've it's 1:00 a.m. now and what else
was we gonna say I think I just wanted
to end there I hope you've enjoyed this
blog and I hope that you have had an
amazing day and I love you very much and
I'll see you guys soon bye good night
