good morning everybody happy Thursday
today is another cordially invited book
shoot day today and tomorrow we're doing
a lot of fairy-like outsid shots so I'm
like praying that the weather stays okay
I mean if it's anything like the day we
did our actual garden party it was like
this in the morning
and then absolutely chucked it down in
the afternoon so it wouldn't be too
dissimilar but I am hoping that the rain
stays away at least so that we can shoot
the garden party today
I've got lots of friends coming over
later so that would be fun and we're
starting the day off with a couple of
shots in a Bluebell woods there's a
section in the book where I'm talking
about like spring walks and autumn walks
because they're like my favorite thing
ever so I've come up to the bedroom to
get this little one because you're in
these you see wha need to be come on a
walk would you like that should we go on
a walk
Alfie's also still asleep in bed
Kalinin it's the one day of the week
they don't have PT yeah so he's making
the most of it you need to scrub those
tattoos off before you're in these
photos
okay that's your job for this morning
right are you ready then camera she's
kept she's already on the floor because
she's heard me say the word walk let's
go no she's doing your spins that's when
she's excited
you
ready to do some freak shake shot and
lip oh oh your toes are really waving at
me now yeah yeah you can see I'm this
rule but well there's a rule I mean
you've not really supposed to wear these
if you have my shoes on you know I mean
shoes off - they look weird don't they
how do they stay on your feet mind never
say on my feet I'm at home my wife ever
find bezel in any way I love that you
think about things like that I never
think about that you guys I never think
about when I'm not being attractive -
Alfie probably should that's why we're
not married now see I see you've not
really got that tattoo off right does it
come off your neck you've got the one
off your neck okay I can imagine this
point though is tattoo or really red
arms you can subscribe there apparently
oil so you've not tried yes if it be
baby oil which others do we don't have
so I'm gonna try like Jeremy or never
cooking oil let's get this job holding
you up rub your on down right I'll leave
you two to sort that out so we're about
to shoot some free chicken shots but
it's like freak shake ice cream ready
yeah
well we're going to find out when Barry
has a Tucket I'm so happy about that not
gonna lie I'm getting quite into this
filming malarkey you like yeah I'm Zoe
camp each other because you're so with
your hair go back to back marks marks
marks a foot taller yeah me with your
hair though you add another measure oh
my god I think I've got a tape measure I
think I've got a tape measure we should
mention you
you have your high or got puppy Shaun
Joe everyone's here and we're about to
venture out into a party we're just
hoping
as Briony working away we're just really
hoping and praying you see these clouds
that they don't come anywhere near us
basically so far we've done all right
but this is exactly now a real garden
party went so you know we're all like
rushing around Joseph take off the soda
life Heidi as much as I love it yeah
good idea
Jim's taking off how funny is Jim's
taking his jumper off he's married
together microphone what did you ever
wait do your bet Oh
echo Alfie deyes
the rain has stopped everyone is like
running around 2d rain everything and
make everything dry he's running
okay we're all running around I feel
like I captured a weird Shawn where's
Joe going always found a football well
that's it we've lost him
so this is our little garden party setup
look how cute it is inside office ooh so
now she comes with you're in the best
place some pro oh I could smell prawns
without you someone said I can smell
prawns and that is exactly what it is
okay yeah it all looks great
hi Jim thank you for coming I hope you
enjoyed the see we we just made me jump
I was telling this already made me jump
Oh send it to me
Yahoo's question I really weigh oh oh
you did one up my actual garden pie
insert clip I'm joking I'm joking it's a
funny clip but I won't resent it
I'll save marks dignity this time so
everyone has gone it's quiet
oh so quiet it's been a really fun day
shooting as always the garden party was
a success in the end a little bit of Sun
came out I was very happy can you hear
him singing mark and Joe is still here
obviously there's me and Alfie so I
think we're all gonna head to the pub
and grab some grub because all day I've
been thinking about those bloody dough
sticks I need them now
are they back on the bloody fortnight
are you in the same game are you in the
same game yeah teammates oh yeah look at
this thing this is my guy okay
am I gonna love that that's key little
dogs F yeah oh my god fish I love that
okay you guys up for coming to the pub
should we go in like two minutes okay
how long will your game be so no answer
there could be five seconds could be 10
minutes
who knows Oh 20 minutes glad L I'm
hungry good morning everybody welcome to
day two of the shoot good morning
everyone and welcome to vlogmas
good morning everyone and welcome to
jungle run now today we have three new
eight contestants who are very excited
one of which is Phyllis basically we're
just waiting for the first shoot of the
day to be done which does not involve
anyone and then we are needed for the
second shoot but whilst we're waiting we
are watching a program we have not
discovered November yeah it's called I'm
just gonna say if you like Julia Davis
you might find this money it's very dry
it's very dark I would not advise you
watching if you're under 18 but we're
showing Joha we're like he this is like
his humor but it is so funny and this is
probably about all I can show you
because it's really rude but yeah that
is what we're doing this morning
we've got dream phone out one of my
all-time favorite games we've just been
scribbling out all the things though it
looks like we're really playing it right
I need you mark to go over here not
Richard he's mine look at this for some
language
puts on quite a display Briony those who
love these place a lot the people
erosion are quite strange this morning
and grab the fact that but then I'm like
oh we need some trainers yeah oh it's a
bit serious they probably thought you
were just very hungry we're now doing a
little New Year's shot with canapes so
I'm wearing this like really super
sequence sparkly t-shirt dress which I
just ordered on a sauce especially for
this I really like it
I'm trying to think where I can actually
wear out after this bowling because the
lights would look cool bowling if you
like got leggings or tights yes very
funny did you saving this
anyone for ham and cheese arancini or
vegetable samosa who's a Virginia now I
just came in to offer you some why's
everyone taking peasant no no it is
permanent Oh marks leaving he's
half-asleep
you gotta stay awake till at least eight
pm oh he's just at a coffee okay coffee
windows down one dr yeah I'm fine I will
listen to that oh he's got the shoe on
yeah hey I just had to do up the laces
on this shoe they taught me to do the
other one arm
oh yes you sit down come on love thank
you let me do your over later Jamie
shows his up
the slightest double no double bow ah
how cute is what everyone's gonna be so
Joe when they see me walking down the
street walking down the street thank you
oh it's like the first scene of she's
got me grain comes across on my friend -
hi oh thank you that's out see you like
that
yeah Joe's rice cake
the road no when was he again it was
actually Brian either a she
thanks for coming did you have fun you
did what was the highlight
they put bring the garden the drone fly
around yeah that was cool that was a fun
time the prawn surprised me I didn't eat
them much like the smell of them and the
look of them just done a couple of
autumn shots hence the jumper and then
also a little shot of mini eaten messes
which has been very nicely styled by
Frankie the food stylist who makes
everything just look beautiful so I'm
not gonna talk
but this is honestly so delish I'm sorry
- Robin you can have some of this right
no dairy cream meringue strawberries and
like a strawberry sauce she's just
finished her dinner I said I've known a
few people like that in my past life but
I didn't mean to say that I meant to say
in the past and make it was like your
post like no I just because I can speak
to her when I was in my garden and there
was a lot of frogs in the pond and I
just was doing the noise I'm not sure if
I can do it now maybe maybe one day no
it was like a proper like I was really
like impressed with my frog noise and
then I felt like all the frogs were
talking back to me and I was like I'm
and I just felt at one with the frogs I
was like this feels comfortable I was a
we're in your past when your human were
you an animal female approaches named
Salem yeah you did I went down like oh
yeah that was a really interesting
conversation yeah I think I thankfully I
am done shooting information I mean
there's a natural segue to I think I was
a frog at home yeah that's actually very
true it was the perfect mate
photoshoot days are over the photo shoot
days are over
together I'll be asleep I've literally
just been sat here in the conservatory
listening to the sound of the rain
replying to comments on Instagram
listening to Nala snoring and Alfea like
gargling in it why are you asleep 8:00
p.m. you need to wake up Alfie you are
screwed if you don't wake up now you're
not going to fall asleep till like 3:00
a.m. also wearing Alfie's hoodie which I
think I might just keep he's shaking his
head I love it kind of reminds me of
like play days or something I've had the
best two days as always the cordially
invited team have just been amazing and
like everybody who works at Hodder which
is my publishers and just the
photographers and the food stylists and
just the props everything everyone's
amazing and also my team are also
amazing and also all of you our fee and
all my friends who've come as well I
really appreciate it I'm so excited for
I was just sat here thinking I'm so
excited for everyone to see the book but
I'm also really excited for like
everyone who's been in it to also see it
like I'm excited for like Alfie to open
it and be like oh my god look at me here
there is a little link in the
description box if you've not yet
pre-ordered but also thank you a million
to all of you who have already
pre-ordered the book thank you thank you
thank you it's amazing to see how many
of you are so excited for it but yeah if
you haven't yet pre-ordered you can go
go below and pre-order that now and that
will arrive to you on October 4th which
sounds like a really long time away but
I my like deadline for this is not I
feel like it goes to print in June so
even though it sounds like we still have
loads of time we really don't not too
long to wait and also can we just talk
about the famine this year has just like
disappeared I don't know how that's
happened but I mean I say this all the
time and I'm just gonna say it again but
every single year that goes by every
year that I am older the yay goes
quicker I'm gonna go I'm on a path is
that okay I don't really want to leave
you asleep on the sofa though because
you will not sleep tonight
one of my biggest pet peeves is when I'm
trying to go to sleep and Alfie's on his
phone next to me it's really annoying it
doesn't matter I don't know if there any
of you that obviously share a bed with
your other half where if you are like in
sleep mode like you want to go to sleep
but you know they're awake and they're
like being reactive and they're like
doing something I know you're awake so I
can't fall asleep and there's like a
tiny glow from your phone it's like I
don't know
is anyone else with me there or do you
just not care because I'm like if we're
going to sleep I want us to sleep but I
don't I find it really hard to fall
asleep it's Alfie's not but then you
shouldn't be in bed is what I'm saying
to bear yes to sleep anyway I find it
really hard to fall asleep if Alfie's
still awake next to me I feel like I've
rambled on for a really long time so I'm
gonna go upstairs I'm gonna run my bath
and I hope you have enjoyed the last two
days of courtly invited frottage good
morning okay two of you sleep in yeah
that's why I originally I went to sleep
why great logic oh the lighting very
warm what setting is this on auto okay
I'm gonna have like an abundance of
random balloons scattered around the
house as well which I actually quite
enjoy right good morning everybody and
welcome to Tuesday I didn't actually
vlog anything yesterday because it was a
very busy day in the office so I left my
vlogging camera at home but today on
this rather glorious day it is the last
quarterly invited book shoot day so
we've got everybody back in the house
and we're just going through the last
list of things that I would really
really like in the book for example
currently in this room we have a dining
table set up looks amazing all lighting
the candles what an occasion I almost
feel like we need to sit down in and
have like lunch a very formal last day
lunch you can Maddy that's the point of
the book you can achieve this although
it would be much more useful if we all
had a Louis good like foliage also I'm
much I much prefer the very like rustic
style which i think is a lot easier to
pull off yeah yeah looks fab we also had
a couple of shots this morning doing
some like cereal party shots which was
very fun I did enjoy eating the wee toes
off the counter
we are about to also do some other like
crafting shots and then I think because
we've got a sunny day and we never got
to do it last week we're going to finish
off with the beach barbecue shot which
we really really nice way to end the
book shoot I still have a ton of quality
Street which actually makes for the
perfect accessory in a Christmas craft
photo tada it's Christmas weights never
to see one quality Street that would be
alive you don't want to move from there
now zip D Zoe we have the perfect shot
but let's carry on with Christmas
already sad don't say God would do the
book I think that's one of my favorite
things on the shoot at how into the
crafts are we get some we did have no
effect since a we find it quite hard to
prise the map your hands don't we know
we are upstairs in my office and we're
about to start looking at potential
front covers which is very exciting so
I'm gonna find somewhere to put this
this is using what came out of the first
four days is just a really stunning
shots there's only one photo indeed as a
selection of things you to look at
obviously we'll talk more but bowls
colors etc it's much work in progress we
just wanted to show you something let's
get your reaction obviously that's
really nice it just like we keep going
back to it because there was just a
moment rank I think everyone's around
you were just loving it we're just about
to start shooting yeah it was brilliant
property which is like
we've just done a little spring look so
I was wearing this which is currently
from new look and these which I think
are Primark actually kind of love them
and it was just like a little pantry
shot nul is now barking into the
Oblivion in the garden which is her
favorite thing to do I think we're
preparing for the guest bedroom shot so
I've been up there trying to put
together a little like selection of
things I would normally put out for
people we've come to oving Dean to get
some nice Beach shots but my gosh as a
wind this is the last shot yeah is that
gonna be the no I'm gonna have to take
this off and pretend it's really hot
just so you know guys when you see that
shot of us on the beach but it wasn't
that warm cute
Sean's being chief fire maker as always
I mean I want to leave yeah well
everyone I'm so excited to see ya make
that it's done I've really enjoyed
having so many people around my house on
the regular I feel like I said this
after the four-day shoot
I get very attached to like people and
having people around and I really like
that I am that sort of person I like
having people around i like having
different energies to bounce off of and
after the four-day shoot i had a little
bit of like a sad day afterwards because
i was like I really miss everyone like I
missed the buzz and I miss like the
different people and different
conversations and like all the different
personalities I just loved it and now
I'm like oh the shoots are over there's
gonna be no more shoots where we're all
together again and that's really sad but
I have had the most amazing time it's
just been an absolute joy and pleasure
to work with all the people that we've
worked with for these shoots and yeah I
love it I don't know how much of
actually filmed today because I can
appreciate I've done a lot of book
shoots and there's a lot of time lapses
and there's a lot of things that could
appear quite repetitive and I don't want
to like completely bore you but I do
also want to film these for like my
memories as well as much as I make these
vlogs for like you guys and like your
entertainment and for you to watch I
also really enjoy doing this as like a
way for me to look back on like
particular days and I really like that
because it is like a visual diary I
didn't want to like overkill it I didn't
want to film too much of today so I kind
of grabbed my camera where I could but
then we also did have quite
a few things to pack in though today was
quite a busy day so I picked up my
camera occurred and I hope you liked
what I did film I feel like I've had my
head down I've been working so much on
so many things all of a sudden I'm like
oh my god it's May it's freakin May
we're nearly halfway through the year
and I don't know how that's happened I
mean amazing and I've had so much fun
I've had a really really productive
month yeah I'm feeling happy I'm feeling
content I'm feeling extremely lucky that
I am able to do these cool opportunities
and like create things that make me so
happy and feel so inspired and so
motivated and I'm just loving my life
and loving my like crazy career right
now I just feel like the luckiest person
in the world and also just to have so
many of you that are constantly
supporting all the things I'm doing I'm
just feeling very grateful very thankful
and very lucky and also weirdly I feel a
bit Christmassy I don't know why I mean
we let a Christmas candlelight some
quality Street earlier but that's about
it but I want to watch people's vlog
missus earlier on when I was getting
ready I was watching a really old video
that me and tan did where we did a
Christmas quiz I think it was in 2014
and I was like oh I love but yeah I am
now gonna have a bar and chill catch up
on my phone because I've had so many
days this week last couple of weeks
where I've just I've not really been on
my phone until the evening and as much
as I love that I also feel a bit lost if
I don't at least check like everyone
else's into stories before I go to bed
so I'll probably do a bit of that in the
bath and yeah thank you so much I hope
you enjoyed the little snippets of today
I'd really love to know if there's a
certain section that you've seen us
taking pictures for that you are the
most excited about so please let me know
in the comments and I will probably pick
up this vlog again
