hi everyone and welcome back to a nipple
on my arm why is there a I'm here today
with my chummy Louise and as you may
have noticed we have not done many
chummy chatters bad tummies the reason
for that is because we actually filmed
before Christmas and everything was
really Christmassy and when it came to
editing them in January
it just wasn't bit out of date yeah we
didn't like them but we were like you
keep doing it we'll keep doing it we're
gonna use that footage but then we just
thought no do it better we can do it
much better now here we are and on
today's video on my channel we wanted to
talk about it's okay to be sad it is
it's very okay but the reason I wanted
to talk about this is because a lot of
people send messages or send comments or
in handwritten letters even saying that
they're upset and they don't really know
what to do and they don't know how to
approach their friends or family and
they feel like they shouldn't be upset
yeah so I wanted to just make this video
with my trem√© to express different
feelings and opinions around that to
make you feel better about it I think
it's important to remember that being
sad is just as valid a feeling as being
happy or being excited or being angry
and that all the time minute we feel sad
for like okay I need to I need to cheer
up need to stop feeling sad and of
course eventually you do you don't want
to be sad for your whole life but
sometimes I think it's healthy to feel a
bit sad to deal with or process whatever
has made you feel that way I always like
to think of it as we've been given the
opportunity to feel sadness
therefore we should feel it you know I
mean like it's there for a reason that's
mean if we weren't supposed to be sad
ever then it wouldn't happen give you a
really good example of when I
let myself feel sad so on my mum's
birthday and also on the anniversary of
her death for that whole day I'll just
let myself feel sad and I don't try and
like pick myself up and Matt knows not
to be like come on let's go out and
let's do this like he knows I just want
to feel sad like in the December day I
think it's on the 20th of December I
mean I know it's not I will just feel
sad and you know that I'm just gonna be
down that whole day and I just say to
myself I am really sad that my mum is
dead I'm gonna feel really sad today
but then tomorrow that's the end of it
I'm just gonna pop it all in this day
then it run its course respect that time
to feel sad and then tomorrow you're
gonna move on but I'm gonna wallow in it
today and feel like soothed for letting
it out also I feel like when things
happen in your life that make you sad
it's sort of it's a nice not relief but
it's like a way of expressing relief
over that subject if that makes sense
yeah so like if something bad what
happens like a breakup and you find
yourself getting really upset about it
like for me personally when I had a
horrible breakup I cried a lot but then
you kind of feel like once you stop
crying you feel so much better yeah go
all out your system yeah and there comes
a point where you do stop crying all
together and you're like well now I just
feel totally better I just felt like
crying it's just like a natural thing to
do and it's so easy dad is okay yeah
it's okay if you cry and then you're
like okay I feel better but then like a
few hours later you want to cry again
like this one that a lot when you were
total four breakups she might live lewis
jokes that she lived in my dining room I
had a pullout bed in there and you'd
have a cry feel better have another cry
feel a bit better eventually over the
course of days and weeks in like months
as death like the cries
got further apart I mean that was
progress and that was good and I think
if you haven't have had all that crying
you would still be like carrying around
all this like sadness and grief so it's
too much like carry around like you
don't want to have to cover that around
with you you have to let out you have to
talk about it to people if you want to
talk about it don't ever keep it to
yourself and think no I can't
said I can't talk to people about this
recently I called Louise on skype
because I got upset about that same
thing and also don't feel like just
because years have passed like it's been
years since the death of your the
anniversary of the death of your mum but
don't think that because years have
passed it's still disturbing it's not
okay to you'll be sad about it and
there's lots of ways to be sad as well
crying it's like this is most obvious
and that's like what we we like we're
Criers
we're yes I think I'm more of a crier
but yeah I cried for all emotion though
even I'm happy when I'm or I'll cry of
excitement I cried a video the other day
where this lady had a really nice
wedding dance with her dad I cried and
cook to interview because I was just so
excited like on stage digital when you
feel Alfie proposed any better I did cry
when they do this song so there's loads
of ways you can express yourself you
might just want to be all alone for a
while you might want to like go and do
some like me physically you might want
to go do some really physical activity
like really cut out your system you
might want to have a good screaming you
might want to sing like singing in your
car that is the barriers for me when you
sing so loud our music doesn't matter
how crappy your singing just let it all
out you might be talking to a friend and
we stick me I got really sad about
something and because Matt was available
to look after Darcy because he wasn't
working I just got a new camera went to
stay with my friend for a couple of days
I just wanted to like be away from like
normal life I just wanted to like have
that space have some space to go be like
be sad somewhere else so awful doesn't
swim and what's that someone but that's
like when I used to drive around in my
car yeah like I'm kind of like sometimes
like I don't know sometimes you'll just
do things and you just have to go with
it like as long as you're safe and not
hurting anyone not hurting anyone else
or making anyone else really worried
about you then do whatever you need to
do to make yourself feel better yeah
he's feeling sad and down about things
it's completely natural I think all
trying to say is if you feel sad about
something that's fine as long as you're
safe and not doing anything to harm
yourself do what makes you feel relief
from it so crying or
singing or exercising into a pillow um
but if you are feeling sadness for
prolonged periods of time and you can't
seem to get any relief from that maybe
that's a point where you might want to
talk to you a parent a teacher or a
doctor or a friend and say I think
perhaps this is more than just feeling
sad feeling sad and maybe we can find
some link yeah definitely if you're
feeling that way
because there's definitely times in my
life where I've had prolonged sadness
and I'm sure you've had the same thing
yeah and that is when you start to think
am I depressed or am i sad and that's
what I think
and it's very hard it's very difficult
to know because you know it's not
something that you're just born knowing
and no one at school says to you when
you were like growing up oh so this is
sadness and this is depression yeah
post-traumatic shock syndrome or all
those sorts of things and our options to
explore if you're feeling a bit worse
and sad but that's not what this video
goes oh and also another thing to note
is that how you're feeling right now
probably thousands and thousands of
other people are feeling the exact same
way going through the exact same thing
even you're never alone because I think
that's one thing with being sad or
prolonged sadness is that you feel like
you're so alone no matter to you no one
understands how sad you are speak to
people and often it's I find that when I
feel really down I feel like I'm a
nuisance for people oh yeah oh sorry I'm
sorry to be paying you're like I know
I'm boring you but you're not you're not
your friends are there for you and if
they're not there's counselors or people
there are people that you can talk to
you about that sort of thing if you're
feeling really really bad I've got a
really good link to that to the
Samaritans yeah service an email service
we've actually both used it before are
we well you can email the smart ins I
think don't quote me on this because you
could do it a few years ago and a
trained counselor will email you back
within like quite a short time period
like a couple of days or something and
that was really helpful to me when I was
using and really helpful to you as well
when you use it yeah definitely
so just remember you're not alone it's
okay to be sad have a cry have a sing do
something that makes you happy watch
youtube videos if that's what makes you
happy I know that I love watching
YouTube and
sad just let it all out and then when
you think belly and then when you feel
ready move on and focus something happy
but it's okay to still feel that sadness
every now and then if it does creep up
on you yeah it's okay to feel sad from
time to time we love you we love you and
if you feel sad just remember that
please put something down below that's
made you happy this week or even
something that's made you sad and all be
really nice to each other in the
comments and yeah see you soon thanks
for watching bye
