good morning happy Friday
the most joyous day of the week because
it's the start of a weekend what we're
having just like the most glorious
weather right now and that just puts me
in the best mood but also another thing
that I'm very excited about and that I
know is going to put me in the best mood
for the whole weekend is I'm going to
see my little T Bear Tanya burr today
and we are going to have a catch-up day
hang out we've got a few things planned
that we really want to do I'm just very
excited and it's even better that we
have this weather for it because until
now I'm just so excited first thing I'm
doing though is heading to her office
because we are gonna film a video I
think we're gonna film spike needs to go
around me
go on
we're gonna film a video we're going to
do night out makeup in three minutes I
think I Argos which yeah a lot of you
loved our last one so time was likely
for another one I was like sure thing
honey I'm listening to a different radio
station this morning on this you can
magic they play some process
they kind of play the music that my
parents used to listen to when I was a
child which is giving me all the
nostalgic fields I love it
anyway I shall see you made I made it
and we're about to start filming the
10-minute night out Charlie a fellow
people know this sounds a wee bit headed
us and say people who frequent you tell
them like everyone's just been holding
their lives waiting for this video to
like - I think it was two years ago
yes no I have long hair oh my God look
how pale I look compared to you you
thought I had tan going on I kind of
reread though - there were about to film
I've got my makeup out ready to go tans
being very secretive about her yeah
we're ready to go are you in a bit
Oh times already this is like a little
stop in the Flintstones bam bam
well they're at the saloon since I just
remember the two main boys and their
wives whose bam bam baby yeah Fred and
George is up just a weaselly doing this
what was called Fred Fred Flintstone for
sure right okay I'm ready to go
we've just finished filming I went for a
blue I went for I'm worried mines bad no
it's not but you are gonna take your lip
off aren't you oh yeah I was like I love
it for a night out but we're going to
the garden centre and she just feels it
could be a bit heavy and the last thing
you want is to be like smudging red
goodbye what's this called Charlotte
Tilbury
oh I've used matte relics so cool you
smacked break
that's allowing Charlotte Tilbury OPM no
I that sounds like it should be a
perfume opium no are you guys sitting
like a podium this is a because I have
not seen Zoe since her birthday in sent
over no I have taken a risk but I feel
like you like it oh my god this is beaut
I really love the pattern I would say it
does not go your outfit maybe you could
you don't want try a nice beat it looks
quite thick but you can try to like
squish it yeah thank you so much Martha
why is martha not leaving town this is
the way transforming today oh here so
you're gonna put all plants on the
outside we're gonna do my way we're
snapping yeah lucky jack we need to be
hungry for lunch but it's 12 and we're
starving lunch too so this wall makes me
really happy because I do want what big
ones or just like I think I'll be happy
for me to be like this time mm-hmm
this is dog bleep em yeah this is dog
good sleep Martha okay cool
yeah Bobby fun I do love a good plant
shop yeah I think things just went up a
notch got very serious so he just
carries this measuring tape in her hand
by four times like this yeah she doesn't
really answer my door okay you 100
really okay by what by 120 oh no you do
want a big one night hey honey I would
say like 80 by 120 that's a ton if she
gets a mirror here mm-hmm especially in
the summer were like last loads of light
around and make it yes
you're so right basically this wall is
just so ugly and could I get rid of that
green stuff oh my god do you not have a
jet wash no I by the way I'm awful at
gardening I don't know anything
oh my god we're buying a jet wash oh my
god we're buying a jet wash love it I
can just imagine you in your element
it's like powerful like I'm scared of it
and then if you just do that on here and
notice they're basically all so I just
have to do a disclaimer that our garden
usually doesn't have this big wall thing
in it is because there's a construction
site going on behind our house that
they've taken up a third of our garden
and put this in so usually no are you
gonna try and climb it I don't think
you're gonna have much luck no look how
cool tan looks on the roller coaster
magazine I love it I've never heard of
this magazine before but we've just been
flicking through it and it's so cool I
saw her at our new bar there and also a
Sam Claflin
and also that hot guy yeah who is this
what guy I just saw him there he is
we like this photo a lot who is there
he's gorgeous
modernism should be made some model this
photo though tom was like I like his
thighs sorry Tim oh he's just a mother
like everyone he'd have done profiles on
they have their name and stuff
photography and fashion William with
credited members and credited him yeah I
think you look who are you
there's loads of like really cool images
in here and lots of really cool
interface or I saw a retarder or so some
cuff him back can I show them my
favorite one so my favorite one it's
very good just skipped in-between this
one I wasn't sure about that which is
why I haven't instagrammed yet but yeah
this is my fav I don't know why I love
your outfit I love your pulled up socks
but I love that you're like I don't know
I just look like what you've just caught
me here I'm like Thanh you've put your
shoes on the wrong foot and you're like
her yeah it's very cool I will be buying
myself a copy Oh
Heaney right you ready
we've gotta hit the road oh yeah you
need to go and change your dress buy her
off on our adventure we're heading out
to almost three Richmond original one
oh my god I can't get around then
I'd show probably can a bit of in in I'm
doing it do it it's so nice being able
to play with the roof wall so lovely can
I turn my window yeah to get the most
wind exposure god and the sky's so blue
and well if we if we turn these areas
and screenshots in the weather week
every time changes will be late creature
is the hottest day so far this year yeah
perfect did you know that when the cover
of the Metro the other day I saw the
baton I think it was yesterday they on
the front cover
I just love though on the cover it was
all about the weather and they don't see
did they showed a picture of the slow in
Primrose Hill and people skiing not like
it was linked months five weeks and then
they put an input the date and then
showed the weather
I know I crazy I'm a person see whether
the shed
yeah I much prefer
really excited by all the little nooks
and crannies Sookie we just spent like
10 minutes trying to find somewhere to
park cute face very cute
the crisp white napkin it's okay we're
all good
honestly this isn't my favorite day so
far this year already I love it look at
the beautiful light on town I feel like
I feel like we're in like the South of
France right now because we trapped in
the change to it we're not like
uncomfortably hot and we're eating and
we feel nice and chilled as soon as we
now they're back in the Sun after lunch
we're gonna feel so holiday like I know
we're like dining out for a nice guy
yeah go so we are sat you have is the
restaurant 18 yeah cheers to being happy
yes you ever been nearly let's drink to
your one then I'll be okay
you're making your mouth
cheers to being friends so many years
and growing a really beautiful
friendship so many amazing memories also
know me and just loving life and loving
life basically we can't just make you
down my husband
the main is out right so pretty honest I
just picked this oh this looks delish
chicken and cabbage and these a lot yeah
and I thought thrilled Braille is he
Braille on the menu I didn't even know
that was a fish I'm not gonna lie the
best potatoes ever they taste so I never
care about making new potatoes yeah new
potatoes
I always think they are the most boring
yeah me too we cheese honestly you have
to eat it okay so like doing melt in
your mouth like a garden potatoes mmm I
hope your bro taste bro pudding I told
you it was heavy I've been making Zoey
carry the plant for the last five
minutes I've had it for all of 30
seconds
hard isn't it it's really hard you were
so sheltered there I know I was trying
to take a bank job me and so he was out
here we've upgraded he's gonna think
you're talking to him
be happy with your trolley very happy
nice color range yeah named Philip
Philip we've got three more to go
yeah which is your favorite I really
love them you've got a really nice
lovely together yeah really nice yeah
well done
Poseidon okay we're leaving Peter Shem
I've got your plan but we'll be back
we'll be back in like half an hour
because we need to pick them up and it
was actually hilarious the amount of
things because I turned up my nose like
I thought she'd walked off so I don't so
I went gosh seems an awful lot of
trouble and then she was like right
there the lazier hose so basically we
probably looked like a bunch of plant
novices is that the right word yeah no
isn't an obvious when you're good at
something yeah I think so okay new
because we were like that one looks nice
that one looks like we didn't actually
think about how tall they were gonna
grow what how big basically we had to
put fill it back because Philip was
gonna grow to 20 foot she was like this
tree and I was like the minute she said
tree I was sure he needs a really big
pot of you've got a big pot of time
faces
oh have saved me is your big
enough otherwise it's going to be like
if you were to wear a waist belt and get
really really fat and never take it off
for three years and then I said oh I do
feel kind of bad about this woman's
smallpox then basically plant life is a
serious thing it's like I said to the
lady it's like having a pet
yes these parts have been given food
I've been given compost I have to take
them out she was like you need to you
need to be to poppies and you were like
well I don't have any of my she was like
I never put my blood what are you saying
I just see them how they did in the shop
so you just put there we've seen a
prosthetic here just put that inside
your pot well I think I think maybe when
they're outside you are supposed to give
them extra compost and a bit of space to
grow we blow my mouth okay so my
intuition
we're heading into Richmond Park now to
go for a little wonder round
Burak oh my god smell that freshly cut
grass should we cross here also looking
old pokéblock I think it's cool okay so
we're in Richmond Park on an expedition
we're so opera we feel like we're on an
expedition because it's really it's so
hot it makes you five times more
out-breath we found a little deeper
yellow climbed up here doesn't look very
high along there and climbed up there Oh
God sat under this tree we sound like
Romania lot I think we are having
but back at tonnage gym there's a wild
gym and a little best time to throw a
load of water outside oh yes please no
what do we do it oil off but she's
already got loads of her toys how funny
cuz she won't have any concept of time
no I think she was she's caught she kind
of runs on a rhythm but she wakes up
every morning Oh little body clock
well thanks T happy with those yeah guys
my my face a little bit okay why are you
ready - oh you're not actually helping
you
and then you sort of want to change okay
my easy so you I don't like that no no
no I didn't know so that camera back yet
Louise
you could probably put some into the big
one in Clementis so you have just taken
project manager on this haven't you yeah
like I don't even answer like if the
clematis needs like a gym probably needs
a bit more yeah so this is our finished
result
doesn't it look so much prettier I mean
it's all gonna fall down one day they've
got one gear it's really bad this wall
here so when we had we had good we're
done so did our neighbors but 9 ovens
for that wall down and redid it row of
bricks it was next door drops yet wall
though they like going the wall they did
it really badly yeah so it's not we
haven't got the best garden right now
but we've made it the best of what we
could haven't we I think I'll enjoy
sitting in the mornings I'll sit here
with my coffee and get to just look at
my plants yeah that's such good idea
what you do for brain say okay yeah yeah
sit them there that's a good order come
out this way that's just her sitting no
that's just that's just her little mat
left out from nighttime she sometimes
would are we in the Nile that was she
clearly didn't last night drinking never
all right baby girl
oh I have no chill I think the people
opposite can probably see my bottom well
you can start like squeezing my spot no
I've been cleaning Zuri up evidence was
arrived yeah she had soil I reckon I
think you touched yourself there after
doing the playa probably there that's
for me like it's very relaxing nice
is what I'm currently looking at the
trees dinner's arrived and we're having
Italian yeah this bracelet was amazing
so great I'm heading off now so I'm
saying goodbye to these two lovely three
three lovelies or sorry Martha
meeting her stomach yeah she ate a lot
of bread in the park I wish I wouldn't
have let her steal other people's food
that's right anyway it was lovely to see
you come and stay at my next what a day
honestly I've had the best day it was so
nice catching up and now I'm gonna drive
home pick up my dog and get into bed
I'll see you for our dinner they come
Thursday Thursday how just thing
Claridge's thing a little secret I never
yeah good luck at rehearsals thank you
text me let me know how it goes and I
will probably end my vlog here so I hope
you enjoy today and I'll see you soon
good so no oh my god that really baby he
live like that good morning everybody so
morning
still shining and Alfea it's currently
in but he went out last night past his
birthday so I think he's feeling pretty
tired he got back up about 4 a.m. so I
feel like he's gonna be sleeping for a
while so I thought it would be really
nice to go to the supermarket and grab
some breakfast for us for when he
eventually wakes up and do like a little
breakfast picnic I just really hope he
doesn't wake up before I can get back
I'm literally gonna be as quick as I can
it's currently quarter past ten I know
that Alfie can sleep pretty well
undisturbed so I'm hoping that because
I'm out of the house I'm not making any
noise he'll just keep sleeping or the
fact that I'm not like cluttering around
the house is gonna really disturb her
like disturb his even he'll be like
where the hell is she gone but I kind of
want it to be a surprise so I really
want him to stay asleep it will
definitely just be the one day he
doesn't sleep past like 11 or 12 we need
him to sleep to a 12 ready because I
need to go to the shops buy the food
then bring it back and like set it up in
their garden all while he's asleep okay
it's very busy everyone else in the area
is also head
all done and I was so quick 10:48 okay
so I can get back 411 that is perfect
timing okay hope you still asleep down
to the basement and I've got everything
we need to make it nice outside these
are the shopping bags now I just need to
like prepare the food but the only thing
I was just thinking was what if I
prepare all he sleeps for like another
hour how does this work
all done I think I may have overbought
we can nibble on this all day though
right I'm gonna text him and tell him he
can come down now I've got lots of space
to lie out and chill hey you can come
down now yeah yeah okay see in a sec
love you bye leave another we had to put
this up high so you wouldn't get it and
the ants this is nice he's quite hot
isn't it I have to bring you a doggy
Bowl outside I found a little shady spot
a little breakfast lunch pick man I went
to wait trays this morning yeah yeah are
you hungry
very good there's a real mixture so
we've got a fruit salad which I just
made mm-hmm this is padded what is this
from up there chicken pasta tomato pasta
little sausages sausage rolls and then
tomato and that's all my gosh yeah
hummus crisps I had these yesterday
Tonya and James they are so delicious
I told you I thought I didn't know what
you wanted so I got you a super green
and a coconut water no orange juice
you won't like that one that's got
rhubarb in it there's just some dips and
some mini croissants and some bread and
some pesto pasta pastas my favorite it's
so funny because I got this because I
knew I wanted that but I knew you'd be
well up for like all the savory but the
longer we've been out here the more is
getting hot so hmm yeah but if the
clouds keep coming over now look it's
going cloudy never that's nice
yeah still-warm is now guys it's
currently 24 degrees I just sat here
with Alfie and I was like do you know
how badly I want a paddling pool or
swimming pool or something like right
now if we were in Mykonos and it is like
this weather and Mykonos we would get in
the pool to cool off and then get out
again but we don't have that here yeah I
think I've got pineapple in the office
it won't be big but I think I've got one
and Nala doesn't want to miss out so
she's lying in the shade with her bowl
of water he's got a pole he's found it
more of a paddle important yeah
also it'd just be nice to put Nala into
cooler down being a bit of a matter with
the hosepipe it's broken so we're gonna
head out and grab a new hose pikes I
think it'll be worth it although it does
say it's gonna rain at 600 times against
us
yeah oh don't get in you won't be able
to get in oh my god is really cranky
we're in being care we've got a really
cute watering pan which is not what we
came in for a sprinkler which is also
not what we came in for no this is cool
it's cool and also a hose pay we're now
just kind of looking around I really
want to try and find like the swimming
pools like the paddling pool is but I'm
not sure there'll be outside I feel like
they would probably be inside now the
feel like I've been in garden it does oh
we found the pools you all right there
trying to get in what are you reading it
I really want this one because it has
seats in it looks very cash I really
yeah well then let's leave it now if he
wants to get this huge one for summer
that's the same one is that we had last
time the last time remember it been or
the metal poles
well we couldn't take it apart this week
on so we had to like just top it I think
we should go for a different one in the
summer when it's actually not this good
yeah let's get that one we should
probably get back to our hot dog right
cool
that's the one we've just got oh you
know that's the same size as that so you
know this is all moved on here yeah
how's it going
slow oh let's just put it through it
stays in by itself yeah come on get in
you can't have one leg that's just not
nice is it nice yeah walk around come on
come on run around with me context so
we've just been doing a little bit of
tidying up in the garden you know you've
reached that age where you care about
what your garden looks like when the Sun
starts to come out but now as you may
have seen in a previous vlog I got sent
we are making a Saturday night movie
corner Alfie's brought down the duvet
pillows and pillows and we're using this
sofa we had made built into this space
because we wanted to do exactly this and
then we've got this like round thing
that pushes in so that you can lie on it
and watch films and we've not really
done that in there yet halfway so we've
got the duvet ow
we've got greatest showman on the TV
honestly could a Saturday night be any
better maybe with some snacks
maybe we're Domino's but we're not gonna
do that we're not I need to quickly go
for a way do you mind
pausing
we can't pause ah where's the other
remote
