I'm very excited I am now on my way to
London with my hat during the taxi and
recessing to turn on Radio 1 and she's
just introduced Troy listen
now I'm just gonna enjoy song have you
had it before yes have you downloaded a
hello
we've just got to London and I am in my
room wearing the Sanderson I do love
this hotel it's so cool I've also like
got my family some rooms as well so just
drop Dad stuff off in his room Hey
and I've got my Nana and granddad a room
as well so I'm really excited to see
their reaction because it's so cool here
and now I'm just waiting for Fran to
come so she can start doing my hair and
makeup and eat something I'm quite
hungry these crisps are cheesy beans on
toast flavor
Fran I found so many tassels around my
house over the last week every time a
fee was like what's this smells like
it's a piece of France
yeah that did happen a lot I started
collecting a little pile to like text it
to you in the night for actually what am
i doing I'm just gonna throw these away
look at it look at it and I look like
this because my hair and makeups just
been started to get done I wanted to
meet my mum and my nan my granddad say
hello and take them to their rooms I
just almost have my hair and makeup done
by I realize I haven't filmed since it's
been done I'm been doing some entries
but they've been doing some really weird
fire alert thing every like two minutes
so that was an interesting interview
with yeah it's not just that they left
hopefully do you have any like you skin
muscles I can make your own skin mass
yeah I do face mask everything that I
get excited about a document on Twitter
and
and Dagobert back in the old day yeah I
think we're gonna use it very much I
always had a green one which was to put
under my eyes in school but I think you
know what first one I bought like I
stayed on my pennies it's something
really nice it was okay clearly they
used to do an almost lipstick in black
honey UT advice I realized it was all
lack of I think I feel a bit though so
beauty face I would think don't touch
your eyebrows then someone else to agree
with that because I was a sucker no look
back at old photos I've just got a line
and it takes so long to grow back as
well life advice I would say don't worry
about not knowing what you want to do
because I worry a lot about not knowing
what I wanted to do whether I want to go
to uni or not I think as long as you're
doing something you enjoy doing and
you're really passionate about it and
knowing that you can stop at any time
and change and do whatever you want like
one day you could think actually I don't
want to work in this nothing more you
can go and do something else like don't
ever feel restricted I think I would say
don't manaphy don't looks ready Alfie
does it I could even drop my hair had a
shower yeah different I'm up to event
you know so much nice really cute cows
amazing have you got a room key for our
room 502 awesome
okay I'm now onto the venue I guess it's
all happening here we are
they've laid the choral carpet how
exciting
I'm gonna beauty I'm getting us going up
there I know that's so cool not like the
biggest balloons I've ever seen in my
life for comparison maybe stand
underneath the balloon there's a
comparison wow this is so cool look at
the picker mix oh my goodness ceiling is
insane this is soaked
I wish I could float to the top and haha
photo up imagine a selfie it's probably
isn't working
that is so cool you can see all the
balloons in the mirror Wow Oh lots of
tea lights love it I just love these
flowers and boxes that's so cute
like it
guys there are over a thousand dreams on
this ceiling I can't even describe how
many balloons are here it's so cool
I don't think I've even seen all of it
where do you take me through I don't
think I've seen through here okay yeah
yeah okay so there's all the sweet teas
and the macaroons yes that looks amazing
no thanks believe me oh my goodness
balloons so Toby fight over me and mats
have just been a just way too big
it's so cute wala tea purposes yeah just
testing it out can we bring up Oh who's
gonna get in it anyone
everything will be amazing
it's a nice moment Amanda Amanda Reece
jamie oliver's I'm just I'm just filming
this is a piece mom come look for
through Higgs I've not been through here
well this is like the quiet
Oh
I want to take one of you
they won't notice I'm not here in
science
I'm a nobody
my kitchen
oh yeah
how about all of this what should you be
amazing it was everything in this
business feels like we've been doing it
then here is really is factly it was
under a year ago that my start a typhoon
sot you were talking about a potential
of a zoella range of products and
products music right and that was maybe
three million subscribers ago and here
we are with a actually existing amazing
and i have to say that all the way
through this zoe has been incredible and
enormously efficient and unfounded and
all of us in team team are hugely proud
of what is achieved over the last nine
months it took that initial powerful to
be stood here now with this approval
rate and it caught it before i hand you
over to Zoe I think it possible to just
say thank you so much on Mojave as only
all of us early to team at SLG who made
all this look so incredible and stuck so
so mercilessly to the breach as it were
I think what's so special about this
range is house knowing it is there's no
mistaking that this is preserving his
range of products it people and Zoe
another Soviet and that's largely down
to the expertise my I was in the team
today it means so much to me I thought
like a little school friends let all my
YouTube friends and everyone my family
as well that kind of like that
I just miss a massive thank you to
everyone at SMG miles and Katie
Everett motors who's made this all
possible because I definitely would not
have been able to see this myself
so thank you very much everybody and I
hope that's it and thank you John
actually
show me about that
what an amazing night so mr. dorsen at
the door
what an amazing night and look what
they've done on the bed psyche they've
put petals over the whole bed that's
insane I don't know I swear I just heard
someone knocking oh I don't know if they
do this to everyone or just us because
it's been my launch but I don't know oh
and then my friend Jennie bought me some
flowers which they've put in some water
for me which is so nice and they someone
delivered some macaroons which is some
so nice oh I've got a cod few find it
down in my parents for them though don't
worry I am so tired shoes are off yeah
did you have a nice night yeah did you
have a nice night Alfie oh they also
gave us some fruit I think we're gonna
order some room service because we're
really hungry but I am also so tired I'm
gonna like sleep eat I just had the best
night ever
I just want to say thank you to everyone
for coming if you're watching this I
didn't get to say it to you when you
were there
and yeah just I'm like speechless it was
such an amazing night and I hope you
guys have enjoyed this vlog and I'm sure
I'll be putting blog posts up alongside
this with lots and lots of pictures from
the night also and I hope you enjoyed
the collection I'm really excited about
it I really hope you like it and I will
see you tomorrow right
