it is half 7:00 the morning I have been
awake Wow an hour and five minutes
basically I woke up like something
something past six and I just couldn't
get back to sleep and I thought you know
I'm not even gonna try and get back to
sleep I've got a nighttime flight that's
the need to see if I want to make the
most of LA so I was out on the balcony
while he's still snoozing away this is
my current view it's so beautiful just
waiting for like the LA fog to burn off
and then we're gonna go for breakfast
with Naomi and Marcus and I am just
editing on all things hair video if you
didn't know what that was or have no
idea what that is I'll leave a link in
the description box is something that
myself and Tanya do for another channel
where we basically do hairstyles or I
attempt to do them you know for your
guys's benefit and I really enjoy doing
them and I really dread from head up to
the edge of a problem and I also need to
write that a column for next month shot
magazine because you don't know already
me and Louise are ambassadors in the
shout magazine which is awesome I
thought this has just turned into a
places you can find me when I'm not on
my own
paddles Wehrmacht Miami's room I'm
really tall the cool I are you
jealous
no his Miami sitting appreciate her
dressing-table it does like a laundry
service are you really
yes I'm running very low on salt this is
my last pair of trains with my please oh
there you go everyone Marcus Butler will
be doing a laundry service today
he's ballet shoes the ability Marcus
doesn't work made socks see there were
some patterns yesterday flowers to their
dogs oh really you don't like wearing
clean socks
that's not true
yeah so I've just ordered some griddle
cakes which is actually pancakes this is
why they ask your pancakes you like no
no bread okay quit okay little tiny
maple syrup
I like they're giving me to you because
sometimes one is just not enough and a
little straw these are actually
honeycomb the flavor apparently so I'm
excited to try these thought that was
real definitely sort of us but yeah is
it weird like we saw in our first
driving lesson
oh how exciting I'm actually a little
terrified for our future learn to drive
to be quite honest with you I'm so used
to being the one driving it scares me to
think that you'll have control behind
the wheel and I'll have no control are
you fun yeah I think you'll be really
I've got a feeling you'll be really good
I believe foods arrived the piece is not
for me I'm having the chicken Caesar
salad I bought I got some spices because
I really like asparagus anyway I did
that real good thing where the mangos
enjoy thanks you too I don't know why I
always do it that's twice this month
anyway at least someone's just being
polite
right Marcus ammonia back telling what
we're doing playing hide and seek but
the boys aren't cooperating come on
who's not you - who's it I'm trying to
buy myself a present look at that right
so out you two which one's counting and
which one's hiding likely an IRA hey
Marcus come on hide okay wait just let
me thank you I never fought Marcus go
and hide I'm hungry no you may go have
some chicken together at a three-hour
lunch right come on Alfie right Marcus
shut your eyes and count to 50 I'll shut
my eyes account on one condition
what if you can one pass my camera yeah
to pass my bar from my rocks are you a
mob boss my bar you two you're making it
like your slave
oh here's I've got the camera where's
the bar where's the bar for me
I hope you're gonna eat up with your
eyes closed
yeah okay I'll sit on couches calm
please it's like the time before laptops
were invented Wow because I think he
should count their butt with a pillow on
his head okay I'm gonna hide you need to
count now wait okay okay Marx is hiding
what are you saying
where are you going Konami man
wicked duck basically we got bored of
planet normally to come up with
difficult earn tips this is our new
Alfea you've got 50 minutes to pack
maybe a Marcus are trying to make a
stable arcs is found breaking news yes
your plane in there something I'm just
seeing another one oh no oh my god I
didn't know that one all around this ice
bear that one oh yeah that's the one oh
no I just saw like I'm through national
news in America
and what the hell what is what like in
this one dramatic I'm looking at it now
if people die our taxi is outside
right in ten no it's not
well I mean apart yet there's a strike
in the whole of LA taxis and planes can
you imagine if I get there it's like
flight canceled and we're gonna be out
having so much fun why not yeah well on
your own yeah yeah that's what we need
we need two more people we're gonna hang
out down a bit instead of you
oh well that's the decider then come on
we back a downstairs oh my god how scary
would it be if you just woke up in the
middle of the night and you just looked
up
monkey we can make new friends no no I'm
deleting your boss right we have to go
now
come on come on Alfred alright you guys
enjoy your room right your bar goodbyes
now it turns out because we fly all the
time
you get points with miles don't you know
how it works
bigger version card right to me laughs
of chummy and we all just realized we've
not used any of our points so we would
have to be lady at the chicken place
most importantly should we go and have a
look at the food yes two centers
chairman list explaining why we're in
here to go to first class
have never seen us in one - hello cannot
expected child of crazy site sightings
this is amazing
oh I'm getting a look at the food enough
to know that you are talking to your
stuff we are now going to move
into anything
I sucked
Thank You inspector I can make one
like Spain
you can't see
I
always was a navy unit just outdoor
shoes
