good afternoon guys it is day I don't
remember
I am currently packing to go yeah I'm
currently packing to go to Norwich for
mr. Tony Burke birthday
the boys have all gone to hope I'm doing
this in my bathroom
the boys have all gone to New York and
Louise has gone to Jim hasn't gone
though and Tony hasn't gone and the
reason that I didn't really want to go
is that I've done dizzy fest in New York
before so I've been and I feel like I've
like met some of you I know I haven't
obviously had a chance on all of you um
but for me like the traveling thing is
quite challenging a big stress factor a
big anxiety trigger so I try and limit
the amount of places that I travel to as
much as I can so but I've actually put
VidCon over this because I know that
that's this month too I can only really
cope with like two long-haul flights a
month not for so Who am I have opted out
of that but that does not mean I won't
be meeting more of you at any other
point last night was one direction it
was freaking amazing
sorry as I'm doing this I'm packing my
suitcase I am so late today I got up I
think was half eight bright and early
I've been tidying the flat cleaned out
the guinea pigs fed the guinea pigs just
sorted out a lot of things filmed a
video which I need to edit at Haun's and
I've not even eaten I've not I've not
put time in to eat so I have to take
some snacks on the road with me
so me and Iommi are going up to Norwich
to Tanya's for her birthday which is on
Monday but we're celebrating on Sunday
with all her family and friends
um tanya has this thing where she really
likes surprises like I don't know anyone
who loves a surprise more than Tanya and
I love surprising people so those two
combinations are what makes a great
friendship between me and Tom
although when she watches this obviously
we would have already got there but me
my only have been planning to go for a
while but to be this is gonna sound
really weird but it's not mean we didn't
mean it in a mean way
Miami said that she can't go so at the
moment Tonya thinks now Amy can't come
when in actual fact she's always been
able to go and I am going to cancel last
minute and say I can't come because as
soon would you look off with the guinea
pigs I don't know what I'm gonna say yet
but I'm not gonna say that until we're
very near because I think she's already
had the disappointment of thinking I am
he's not coming and if I then say wait
chief or in advance that I can't go to I
feel like she could to have like a bit
of a breakdown or she'll be extremely
annoyed at both of us
so actually that's a lie she wouldn't
hurt all she'd be completely
understanding but she would be upset so
I'm gonna leave it until we're about to
walk through her door before I say I'm
really sorry I can't come so that her
initial final oh my goodness I'm so
disappointed is completely all gone
within like a couple of minutes because
then we're both there I was like
surprise birthday and it's gonna be
amazing surprises are always better even
if it means you have to be a bit mean
first or a bit misleading and tell some
white lies I'm sure she'll really
appreciate the surprise because so I've
got to go now and pick up Naomi just
want to apologize for verbally dying
over all of you then millions of bags we
found a fee and I read somewhere Marcus
would be freaking out I read somewhere
that if a beard is like this it's
probably dehydrated so you should put
water down for it so we're gonna try and
put some water in something maybe a leaf
yes please
very often the need oh yeah it's like a
fairy tale a fairy tale I used to think
that was true I actually believed in
fairies because I felt and it makes you
have to say other people no I believe
you know I don't know I just noticed
your bowel thing is really cool she puts
does it work so cool okay okay mr. B how
cool turns he does not want to know also
look my only save the day
we have edible cake pops come to atoll
be Oh scary fur in the bucket like five
cars try and get into one nice we try
yeah
we've just stopped at birth changer the
change of services whatever you know and
it has a Papa John's how cool is that
we've got an hour and twenty five left
and we'd let him know that we're on our
way but we waited purposely until 30
minutes away
we're exactly 30 minutes away so she
won't be sad for too long and Jim is in
on it
and he knows what's up yeah so he'll
make it okay so we're basically saying
that Zoey doesn't have anyone to babysit
the guinea pig so she's got to spend the
whole weekend just think how happy
holiday
Jesus a price person that is Muslim both
tonnes just got the devastating news
she's really sad but she understands
she's such a nice friend so we're gonna
we've parked the car way way away from
the house if she doesn't see it because
tan is like the biggest detective ever
and we're gonna walk to their house and
we've got key so we're all good and we
said can you imagine if we're hiding in
the house and they get in through the
door and she's bitching about me friends
of them anymore would we do we'd have to
sneak out and never be able to know that
we had that whole conversation about Tom
we found one sweet potato and Jim's
Pat's I've just realized we've come in a
moving baby quiet as if they're in him
okay so we've decided we're gonna we
know that at some point she's gonna need
a way we've decided as long as the bats
not wet which it might be her it is yeah
okay so we've made some sort of
decoration here between a role which is
bunting you'll ever see Oh
we basically teepee table our cake pops
up the toilet mmm hygiene
I'm we're gonna sit in the bar we're now
in the bath and Jim is gonna text us
where Tom's on her way
I hope then what we meet you know God my
we just sat on the bar waiting and also
I just really like because we've turned
that light when it's making that noise
oh she went back she might think she
left the light on there yeah just in
case any of your wondering I am gonna
fold this back up for someone to wipe
their vagina how do you feel I can't
believe it I excited and it was like a
release cry I'm gonna cry anyway liking
their really good friends because they
made it really special made I've been
asking for a surprise birthday party for
ages and I was thinking I always planned
my birthday so no one could actually
surprised me I thought so I'm not gonna
get surprised because I planned my own
birthday party / yeah and then George
tell the story yeah okay so I was but I
feel it regrets something crying
basically I was in the olefin Hamas
section and then I get the text from Zoe
and I was like first wife spent is this
a joke to Jim and he just Jim was so
good at Jim Bunning I'm a pro I'm an
expert at perception Jim was like oh
that sounds quite typical Zoe
just like well and then I thought it's a
real like I thought who would think to
even get someone to look after the GIMP
and so I was like bet that has happened
to matter I did realize like last night
obviously I didn't know me told me a
week guys gonna come so I when I saw you
behind sorry I did know and then I just
can't believe it
and if I you remember where you were the
olive in Homer section yeah because I
was standing there and I was and then I
moved around pages I went off on my own
lap gym to go and find paper plates and
cups for tomorrow because and then I
just thought pull yourself together
it's not that bad and Jim was like think
of all the other like 18 people coming
out like you know saying does that mean
you love us the most time yeah
Jim Bob no you're right I've missed you
I have I missed you too
oh that's really good maybe hey you know
that
beautiful ladies get in the road please
for some reason they've all gone for a
skirt or dress and leather jacket combo
I kind of want to wear a dress maybe
it's in London sorry guys I don't have a
dress
I just saved this little guy from the
pavement they're eating a banana and
we've just bananas a whole army of
snails they're gonna come and get you
anything
oh my goodness it's a banana skin
they're eating like to eat things like
that they're having like a banana skin
oh my goodness Zoey there's a family
they're all gonna get stood on this
one's been stood on Joey
oh look at him guys just go email cab
fella 29 snail cab oh no I think I think
that's it done someone draw some Lila
chakra r.i.p
alrighty let's be careful as we tread
we've just had our dinner and mine was
delicious but I'm not sure that you guys
thought yours was then I'm sure weird
was basically a bowl of rice even though
I said it was gonna even in the camera
yeah hopefully bring this salad yeah it
was a bit like salad in it I just like
to take this opportunity to say I really
like when it's this type of nighttime
light yeah that's what it's like it's
like it's it's light enough like the sky
is still blue it's 10 o'clock it's
summertime now though ladies
in the cervix Tom wash a box attended
there was a book resourceful so we did
know in my mind I did and then I sketch
me out she's like watch there's a box I
was like so yeah we're walking home now
and then we're gonna go do some editing
and then we're gonna have a puppet
session and the person that's most
excited for this is Jim oh yeah almost
raped there you strokes his Harry
everyone cross the road a little bit
under his mouth oh yeah we hang out all
the time because I have no signal in my
house when I'm doing long phone calls I
come out here and the cats come to me
wait stories well yeah this one broken
so I have once
I'm scared Jim yes no you scammer went
to Kappa house Tom's parents used to
breed cat and one of them lives on this
road yeah cuz at one time I took a
picture of it and sent it to my mum and
I was like how cute is this cat my mum
went that's my cat oh love in the neck
rubs this is so much
I know you know I know this one it's not
stealing
what's the cat called then I don't wait
he's cool I can feel this lovely he
comes in our house but you can't just
take him he wants to come in he can come
here because thank you can I just show
that the doors open to our house
incoming a few I always leave my door
open he comes in but he always goes back
to his family guys don't worry he knows
his way Don doesn't actually steal the
cat guys but you can come if you want to
the door is always open for you thank
you okay so the cat she did take the
invitation we'll come in
