good morning it's our last full day how
does that make you feel fall and we've
got a sunny day I'll feel if you don't
smart today
a place called beauty and essence which
looks so random from the outside but
apparently it is so cool inside so let's
go in and take a look
there's so many things on here I really
want but we can't get like everything on
the sweet menu and everything on this
Avery menu can wait I'm very excited the
basics are amazing I also love their
this is BU look at all the peacock
feathers
you may notice we're one person down
where's the sug the other service ugh
that drinks for the both of us
either still emerge he went out a bit
late last night and maybe trying a few
too many so now he's not here for
breakfast but I'm sure he's got huge
photo so next round is out we have the
AVO on toast and the scrambled egg and
salmon
yeah
getting apple cider cider bacon uh
barbecue thank you
breakfast has been eaten and we are now
heading to walk the Brooklyn Bridge
some people just walk past us with and
they smelt like insert me hit me
jambalaya pairing some in their back
pocket something's burning it yeah they
were definitely burning inside just
walking a lot
the way people live their lives here in
New York City they were so different it
is now nice day so basically what
happened was Alfie but uber and he post
it he booked it really far away from
where we actually have to walk onto the
bridge so now we're walking half the
distance of the bridge to get onto the
bridge and I'm so cold this one was a
bit deceiving and I didn't bring your
jacket silly that way but it is the most
beautiful day I'm so glad it's sunny for
our last proper day not a cloud in the
sky not a cloud in the sky line we've
done a lot of walking this week tell you
that she said I should try and count
them all up I don't know but a lot yet
my fitness level hasn't seemed to have
improved much yeah
that'll be why these guys walk so quick
the day's run yeah mark has a long leg
guy this looks really cool I don't know
what buildings these are but they look
blue my neck
or university Pace University
okay now we're nowhere near Limit Breaks
oh my god
where are we going we finally made it
onto the bit where you actually walk
across the bridge it's very busy because
it's obviously Easter Bank Holiday this
is Saturday but I guess we're stuck on
Brooklyn Bridge is like I can't even
tell you how busy this is I wonder if
you can see
it's like if like there's actually gonna
be like readers and it is funny
I thought they should get
she really bad yeah we decided to get in
a taxi and head to Brooklyn instead this
is much nice duh that was mad was an ass
just Hector nice that's a nice day and
it's Easter and it's the weekend
Alfie heard someone say would it be
through I drifted for 15 years and I
cycle here all the time on my bike and
he was on his bike because I've never
seen it like this which I don't
understand we could've used to really
busy in Brooklyn and then if all these
people are walking over the bridge to go
over
Brooklyn Bridge is actually that way
this is Manhattan Bridge is it all
William Shh I love this this is so cool
along here
I think they filmed a scene in
collateral beauty down there because
you've got this in the background
it smells like the sea side in Alfea
have sat on a rock and we're just
soaking in the Sun listening to the
waves looking at New York like this is
like a highlight for me I think just
sitting here chillin this is it isn't it
yeah I love it
show them what we're looking at this way
the mark we didn't get to see the
collateral beauty bridge see what I'm
about to see so there's a little bit
work here a nightly she's going to like
theater and it's down here should we
just go this way yeah so it's down here
and she's having a concert basically if
you haven't seen clutter or beauty you
should watch it it's great and they film
it down here I think like here right
talking about does it make you an
orchard yes maybe for come to my hotel
BTS behind the scenes stir stir to dirt
it did it there this is Zoe sighs
monster and this is how he's found me a
skateboard I can't look sure and I'm
gonna skate ice to skate enjoyed that's
a minute Israel that would be so sick
you know I can't skateboard what do you
mean yes good it this is maple to use a
mini I can't take that home not ready
these both sizes are
Papi's about to break into the biggest
artichoke dip I have ever seen in my
life oh my god
oh my god
oh my god
this is amazing
are you loving it put it all around your
shop
when we were in Brooklyn I went to the
bagel store and ordered myself a cheeky
little oh my god rainbow bagel this
looks in sane look at that oh god
doesn't it look good
Wow I'm so excited to try there
good morning everybody it is now Sunday
and it is our last day in New York
technically we're going home today so we
have half a day left to explore and it
feels really sad to be packing up
actually do you feel a bit sad to leave
no buddy nah nah you know we just got
here yeah yeah good like yeah exactly
like it feels so long ago that we got
here but I don't feel like it went
slowly and I don't feel like it went
fast I feel like it went the right
amount of time and I am so excited to
see Nala I can't even like contain
myself I can't wait to see her basically
so it's currently Easter Sunday and none
of us have an easter egg so one of my
main priorities when I get back is to
find an easter egg hello Jeff Happy
Easter
we've never celebrate Easter every oh my
god
you sounded wiltshire crossed with
American then never really we've never
really never really celebrate Easter hug
we Joe's got a tee shot on that has a
pink in the brain I want to get a nice
picture of us IRA who this
I was gonna say I want to get a nice
picture of us before we go because I
don't I've got one on the stairs but
it's not the best I have a nice poo why
is he coming to our bar for good have a
loo so you don't want to take our toilet
roll sure you can
okay I love going away with my brother
anyway we're working we need to buy
another suitcase for the excessive
there's just having a conversation
we're just oh my god can i vlog we're
just packing up we're just packing up
now and we actually need to buy a new
suitcase because we've done a little bit
of shopping Alfie bought a bloody helmet
yes you have done some shopping as well
I've mostly done the shopping but Alfie
has also done some shopping but there's
gonna be some serious haulage after this
I think I'm ready to go sad times but
also very exciting my dog Alfie thinks
he's gonna be able to close this I've
said no yeah you said you're gonna be
able to collect goods you're going to
break your suitcase look at the back
look at the back of it so you've shut
that side but look at the other side now
that's two suitcases we're buying then
is it
no oh defeated Jim fair
for anyone who cares to know Joe is
still in there having a poo you got that
you need to take all the stickers off
your suitcase there we go one suitcase
down could you please try and shut mine
now yes we've come back into flower shop
to get some prezi's to take back look
how delicious I may order
the wallet we have come from we've come
out Shawn we don't need to hear about
your sweaty Betty get me home the last
thing we decide to do it's to wool on
the Highline and market which I'm very
excited about I've never walked on the
high life before did forget my coat
though rookie error we're on the High
Line
living the high life Joe is freezing
you're not freezing
make your friends and I everywhere you
go it's a Marx fonts it's um maybe oh
sorry where is it no oh it does look
like him I'm not gonna lie
mark yes I think we're now gonna head
back down and get some food which I'm
pretty sure Joe is quite pleased about
there's like something weird happening
in this apartment next to the High Line
I think it's like I think they're like
performing something Joe do you think
that that's like like do you think
that's what they're doing I see some
sort of foot photo shoot that's like
renting space yeah it's a show but this
is a simulated ever and then just
traffic jam blur
I mean I don't know
exposed NYC rumor has it they're not
dancing there's glass did white noise
Mambo number 5 on repeat science oh it's
very busy oh it's a dog why did that
just come from she gave back to it do
you want to go in there and do that
you know I think it is I think it's one
big social experiment to see to about
rubbernecking see how to cause
congregation yeah probably
simple as that watch out if I have to
look into my flat that's what I do every
night
we're netting out one more trip to Duane
Reade and this is our last little walk
around New York little bird see the
thing with New York is like I just had a
full-on conversation with that guy
but you don't have that in London very
true but I mean I do but I get weird
looks your shoelace is undone right I'd
be so happy telling that in London
they'd be like that's my fate I'm gonna
really miss it I feel like we've gotten
used to the area we're staying in yeah
which I'm not sure if I actually
mentioned but we're staying in West
Village
which if you want to visit New York and
you're not completely just about all the
like big touristy spots I would HIGHLY
highly recommend staying here because
it's kind of in the middle of everything
it's like you've got Brooklyn not too
far away but you can also jump in a cab
and do all the like Empire State and
some say Center Parcs what's it called
Central Park here but also quite lively
yeah it's got a little lively spots and
it's got so many great independent cafes
restaurants and like bakeries and like
ice cream parlor it's just amazing yeah
I'm really really going to miss it
I know our taxis coming in an hour
and then we're off to Jeff Kurr Jeff
Kurr Jeff Kurr landing in Linda LDN look
what the dais is make Marc do to them
we've got 20 minutes till we have to
leave look at these two
Amanda Nick look at your children right
now are you enjoying this Marc
of course he do time to go no Sean's
just cut his finger ya know doing a bad
way right now we never see you back to
pact and you know in the airport's I now
get me yeah you're ready to go back to
London Marc's very sad to be leaving
very it says many like you of the love
war yeah it's great we're taking all
this back this is the extra suitcase Mia
now if we had to buy for our shopping
which is actually bigger than our other
two suitcases so that worked out well
blimey let's go this Duty right now
we are audacious water
everyone's been arguing overseas I've
got a little when we see unhappy are you
big windows
and we've got poppy and Shawn in the
middle mark there and then Joe on the
other side and our thinking at the
excited to get home and see Nala yeah we
do
I'm so excited neither are they now I'm
seeing so many French bulldogs I do want
to get another dog oh yeah that's the
one thing that's come out this New York
trip is Alfie now what's a French word
for my document what what what is on the
fur on the film on the fly great all the
disaster movie the disaster artist
I'm just taking off my makeup my eyes
dog so long
not good logic and all of our items
should be placed
the disaster artist
is that the movie about the movie yeah
no way I wanted to watch all these films
on the way out I think I'll be awake
anyway I don't like when someone else
wakes me up like I'm very little where
that someone's gonna wake me up so I'll
wake up before they can wake me up I
like them getting cozy where do I end it
it was a blog but we'd loved it that's
been the holidays over it's not over yet
okay about to watch downsizing it's
really good oh he's already watching it
we were gonna watch at the same time but
he's pressed play without me
as you can see we are now home is
actually a week later and this last vlog
is about to go up now I was like oh no I
said I was gonna end it when we landed
but actually when we landed I was so
tired and I then drove back from
Heathrow Airport so I didn't really get
a chance to properly put a nice positive
end on this little series of New York
vlogs I basically just had the best week
with so many of my favorite people it
was so full of like laughs and lovely
moments and I really hope you guys have
enjoyed these vlogs please please please
give them a thumbs up if you did and
make sure to subscribe to this channel
if you haven't already hit the
notification bow if you want to be told
every time I upload which is always the
best way to be one of the first people
to watch and yeah I just want to say
again a huge huge thank you to everybody
who donated to mind on my birthday it
was literally insane I couldn't believe
we hit it under 24 hours it was just
like the best thing ever so yeah I
really hope you enjoyed the vlogs and
I'll see you again very soon hey
