today myself an athlete
I'll going our separate ways the first
time in vlogmas
did you know that it was the first time
I'm not being with you basically I have
this for Marzia I bought it for her
because it was screams Marzia I think it
looks like Buddha and we want to pop it
run to them today I'm also gonna get
Felix and the pugs a little present to
you just because we're in the festive
spirit and Christmas is all about giving
and we really like Mars Iran Phoenix
don't we do yes we do well I will leave
both their links in the description box
and then after that Alfie is going to go
to learn to move mom to see video yeah
yeah and I'm going home
and tomorrow coming around to my house
to have a pre Christmas Christmas with
words with so much energy this morning
changes everywhere the streets are full
of strangers I order I've ordered
Cornish new chicken sandwich and cheesy
chips you do equality so what drink if
you got this is yummy yummy yummy lunch
has arrived I've got cheese in tomato
ciabatta pizza with some really
nice-looking silent there and what have
you got out thee coronation chicken
you've got salad too and he also ordered
cheesy chips I'm gonna eat this now
the Shepherd's one myself and healthy I
don't know why he's holding my hair like
I'm Irina Shido let's go get away um so
meet an alpha we have done some shopping
which is been really successful best
time to go Christmas shopping it's a
Monday afternoon there's nobody around
which way is it
Marcy and some cupcakes because I love
pink cupcakes from down here is it a cup
no this isn't the one I like is just one
of them
I'll show you oh yeah this is the one I
like okay it's from here it's angel food
bakery removing
or what have you found one day and how
to bake the cake and make them properly
yeah
baking and decorating classes shall we
actually do that yeah I'd be so cute it
looks really cool click this restaurant
take Christmas to them to the extreme
where would you get one of those imagine
that at night and then we've got penguin
Christmas a perfect decoration Mia now
if you went a little crazy in town as
you know or you may not know Felix and
Marcia have two little pugs that are the
cutest little doggies ever and we found
these I'm a little bit pug crazy the
wrapping paper has pugs on it the
t-shirt like what mozzie has a pug on it
and we found this which is a pimp chew
toy and these cute little outfits
outfits
this one's outfits this one's for puga
it might be a bit small so we're not too
sure hopefully it will fit and this
one's for Edgar and we thought that they
would look cute dressed up with these
for Christmas Day and yeah also Alfie
got Felix some presents too I think he
got him a helicopter and this which
looks awful chocolate bar from hell hmm
not so fun also we got some cupcakes as
well so we're gonna go round there and
say hello and then I'm going to drive
home and here are the presents what are
you singing then Alfie The Wonderful
Wizard of Oz boy band I am here with and
the pugs
they've run away
and these are the presents he's chewing
my hair as you call it my nights you
meet you hi does it taste of anything is
it really spicy nice look how she just
like almost slight change of plan just
been to see Felix and Marcia and the
pugs and look what they've got me it's
so cute and it has a fawn on it they
know I love forms clearly and also I was
gonna buy this when I was in the shop
and I didn't because after were strange
me and said you've got enough form
things but thank you mother of Felix
because now I own it it's the cutest in
ever and all
ah I can open it look macaroons the best
so nice of them and it was so nice to
catch up with them and see them and the
doggies and they liked their outfits I
think um may have to get them changed in
size slightly but I was driving home and
I got sort of 20 units on the road and
because of my jet lag it means I wake up
about 5 a.m. and I start feeling sleepy
at around 8 because in my like mind or
brain it's about midnight because of the
Dubai being four hours ahead so I'm like
driving along and I'm like wow I feel
really tired and I bring our fee and we
have this thing because I drive places a
lot we have like a scale from one to
five of how tired I am if it gets
anywhere above like a three I have to
stop and either take a break and have
something to eat and drink or turn
around and go back because it's really
unsafe like everyone's always like don't
drink and drive but it's also really
unsafe to drive when you're tired
because so many accidents happen you're
not concentrating especially this time
of year because it just needs to be a
lot more traffic on the road so
everyone's either coming home for
Christmas going away for Christmas
Christmas shopping and it was also
during rush hour so I was probably
traveling along about ten miles an hour
the whole way and I was like what am i
doing I'm so tired
obviously I'm wide awake at 5:00 a.m. so
I can just leave for a morning so that's
what's happened because it's not safe to
drive when you're tired and I don't like
to ever take that chance and neither
should you it's very important to be
alert and awake and feeling 100%
confident that you can do the drive I
have come back and I'm going to either
have a nap because I am so tired I need
to edit yesterday's vlog and I also have
an editor in my
a bloomin main Channel video I feel like
I've I've been editing video I like I
have like videos coming out of my ears
and it means that my main channel videos
because they take so much longer for me
to edit kind of go on the back burner
because I'm worried that I'm gonna miss
a day out all of these false phone
ringing there's no one else in at the
moment
um and I'm worried that I'm gonna miss a
day and I feel like my priority is globe
mess because you know you're not gonna
want to watch those in January so I hope
you don't mind that the kind of main
channel schedule is a bit kind of all
over the place so I'm gonna end it here
and say good night guys and I will see
tomorrow where Louise and Co ie Matt and
baby litter will be coming to my house
I'm super excited because they'll be
opening their presents
and it's gonna be like a pre Christmas
Christmas and I'm just so excited to see
them all so I'll see you tomorrow
