without being in editing any video I'm
Joey
and we get anything
and I have stolen a desk and I've just
been know what it is okay but they don't
know what it is have it guess now in the
comment yes yes in the comments and
we'll see if you're right
it's a giant naked palette the
eyeshadows are this big they last oh wow
that is actually some cool yeah the
perfect coffee don't touch them they've
not been photographed yet or this one
SiC is a fast way over and as you guys
all know I don't own any Naked palette
so this is perfect thank you very much
and decay I'm gonna take this is a new
one okay alright the festive tone is
today excited yeah very me and alfie are
currently on a way to Paddington we've
made a slight change in direction
because amazing driver Andy here who's
the best
uber driver ever having a newborn you
get Andy
you're lucky on well done well and he's
advises that traffic is not good so
we're going to Paddington and we're
gonna get the Heathrow Express which
will be much quicker because we don't
really want to miss our flight
so we're on our way now um the what's
going on with my friends stop now
Express yeah we did Andy what was his
surname again sizzles sizzles sizzles
sizzles he's brief that's a Greek name
here's the best ride that's super me and
Alfie love
even Tom loves Andy because he told I
think they spiders are they coming raids
I'm really I mean gun thing that we got
going
we were gonna drink you and say that we
went on our way
sounds impatient are you excited for
Dubai we do have to sleep through our
whole thing because once we learn each
problem we landed 8 a.m. so it's kind of
a star today which means we're gonna get
six hours sleep which I'm not happy with
because you know how much I like to
sleep yeah and I wants to edit videos
but maybe it's not such a good idea
probably do something maybe I feel like
I'm right but just to punch love
watching my back okay okay this my back
you will see here plug okay so it's
being annoying and powered by this one
I'm asked oh it's closed you don't worry
about noting about a future for children
around the world
well that's nice some shops
because I laugh but not all and nice let
me know what's in your bag
and above all you sure did
do you think guys that enjoying that
Kate help oh well I went quicker than
expected
