welcome to vlogmas day free i was creepy
today I am going to london i'm Alfie's
already gone to London I actually woke
up at 5:45 this morning and took alpha
to the train station at 6:30 which was
very very early and you can watch his
vlog to find out why he's doing that I
was out of breath I'm really unfit okay
but before I go I thought I could open
my advent calendar that is number three
what is number three
oh oh it's a big in some often London on
the train takes about an hour and 20
minutes to get there and then often a
cab to claim then in a cab to meet fern
and then me and Alfie are staying in
London tonight and doing something fun
tomorrow I should imagine Oh
whoa whoa so I changed my jacket because
I felt like my other one was too top
heavy and bulky and I'm currently being
driven to the station by my dad whoa say
happy vlogmas everyone why why wouldn't
you wish them a happy vlogmas just say
happy Bookmans yeah
there we go some festive cheer from my
dad on this dreary day I'm sad my dad's
back which is really cool and up high
and I got a screwdriver at my arse
fingers actually
I have arrived at the studio look how
cool it is imagine if my setup was like
this at home and you all thought that I
had a bedroom but actually I had these
massive lights and my bedroom wasn't
even real I promise you my bedroom is
real but it would be cool to have this
sorry Ruth getting in your way
Bruce do you have a youtube channel well
if it is Ruby and Ruth oh like everyone
go and check out one of the Ruby on bit
come from okay I couldn't get any Dame's
without like letters or numbers oh and I
learned that the hard way
did you know Ella - 803 and I know so
I'm currently in the little set that
they've made have this amazing talk
about Chanel is the French Connection
and this would you believe it actually
turns home where I absolutely love it
I'm now obsessed with blue and bright
pink I never thought this doesn't make
them together but they've really grown
yeah I'm really excited and since just
having her making up I just feel so hot
and it's just really nice to children
they're already cool I wish I had lights
like this where do you think it's the
fella from wide open Amazon ships those
so we've just finished filming I'm here
with hi hi everyone she's so lovely
thanks so nice to work with you and as
it's not my citizen asking what is your
favorite thing about Christmas
everything I love everything about
Christmas Christmas music Christmas food
decorating the house when he doesn't ask
jumpers I'm gonna do it tonight I can't
wait I love everything about Christmas
my favorite favorite time of me too I'm
milking it and really missing Christmas
jumper yeah loads love them thank you
for being in my vlog I think whenever
it's just not feeling I am back no I'm
not back because I wasn't here earlier I
am now in a hotel with this watch this
oh no hotel a limit so it's not gonna be
that good or your spine and Alfie's been
filming today how do you filming go it
went good good and mine was really good
I don't think you can see me maybe I'll
sit here is this down lighting this is
gonna be so unflattering I filmed a
daily mix today which was really nice I
filmed with fern who is the loveliest
lady ever a lot of love for fern and but
the only thing is sadly for you guys you
have to wait until next year to see it
which sounds like a long way away but
actually it's not really that long think
it's coming out around February but we
had loads of fun and it was just it was
nice it was really nice had a good day
this I'm gonna go lie down here we go oh
wow that's reprice and I bet horrible
yeah now you look good really cheesy
actually you know good for once you
should get somebody to hold this in
front of you the whole time do you want
to do it I'm gonna go lie on that bed
and edit the rest of yesterday's vlog oh
my goodness that really blinded me oh
this
no no it's just called breaking it sorry
okay you're just been in the whole thing
no oh okay the table does not see him
also wearing this coat today and I
thought Tania put an Instagram war on
picture I can't remember what she put up
and she's wearing the same coat today so
I'll flop mistake three is gonna look
the same they are you actually do you
think Tanya's looks better on further
and we have like a double tower of the
compares two showerheads and a drain
dream can you believe it Alfie they've
got a drain in there that's why you
usually have whenever shower
who you be me mash this is a vanilla
creme brulee with raspberry sorbet which
looks delicious
this is Alfie soup which looks far too
healthy for me it just looks very
healthy oh that's my pizza and we've got
some bread and butter and a little flour
yeah come on come on over anything just
wanted to show you this before I
absolutely demolished it I'm guessing
the thing in the middle is a is a
biscuit Alfie do you think yeah this is
raspberry sorbet and that's the vanilla
creme brulee and what are these things
Dirty's like tomatoes so sweet is OE to
try this thing my coffee more they're
cold I really like them no just biting
is it like a fruit or vegetable fruit
it's just like
if you cheat oh there's no seed in it is
there not some of them do I think not
for beauty she liked it do you know what
that's a mixture between what I can't
report they're cool guys comment down
below what they're called it tastes like
a mixture between an orange yeah and a
berry much loot them I might buy for
them this tastes so good
brain freeze it's much later on
I'm full of creme brulee PS creme brulee
is my favorite pudding I thought I was
talking to me he's on the phone I'm
gonna end the vlog here guys
see you tomorrow you got a wave goodbye
