wakey-wakey it's not safe in the morning
it's like half of a single did you in
the front of the clock then it means you
don't have to wake up do you know what
the first of December means Alfie no it
means that it's yeah yeah yeah yeah are
you excited for my vlogmas
come on Grinch it's Christmas now
Christmas my pillows not six pillows
don't be Elfie yeah can we open your own
calendar Jeremy this is
Alfie's advent calendar which i think is
the coolest admin counter I have ever
seen
instead of chocolate there's bits of
Playmobil who remembers Playmobil from
when you were little and also this when
you're little for when you're called
monster and rabbits and raccoons
remember we saw a raccoon in Joey dead
in Canada yeah it was crazy this is just
the coolest thing
well I think I like it it's for eight
people no so complex that you need four
to ten people to make it no it doesn't
I'm just a genius
no this is amazing I want one do you
think we've got a girl's version maybe
we can look it down today yeah let's go
done my hair Avenue and then I've got my
favorite lip gloss on
which is the Rouge bunny Rouge Akio
royal jelly xx x plus saying your
favorites yeah we've actually been
editing a video we're gonna go into town
soon with Marcus and Shay yeah and I've
been editing my video which is going up
today I say I alphas been helping me
this is a thumbnail today oh it's quite
bad background just got that charger and
stuff so I won in it
did you hum I tell me then ya hungry
who's this an original Tanya No
Tanya's a little bit up here finders our
house tonight
Oh Miranda Sarah is this just a whole
video your lip gloss your gloves what
about your necklace you like an episode
of us sent me this no yeah it's so cute
isn't it there's a little fawn I'm
really into forms at the moment Alfie
will tell you everything is yeah check
this this is always new video and the
moment let's find what's that what's
that Zoe got woken up today by Christmas
songs yeah my path hmm got so much
rhythm stop filming me now
so Alfie is opened day one of his advent
calendar I've got the best present ever
super cool advent calendar I'm really
jealous because I want one and you're I
have to go over to his channel to see
what it was I've got a real car so are
you coming
look at the size of the dip that it was
in that's a big dip look um let's open
day number two now
see him a nice girl
we've also joined now by marker looking
ever so silica with your roll
muffy night
this is Sybil encore and we were just
I'm just filming them as we were going
past where you sneekly but they were
really good at singing so I just I would
put them on here
good boy market
Singh now he's going to get hanker wait
usage a quilt oh sure
I like that market I like it I like you
it still fit of Christmas jumper but I
like that it's ski feeds yeah no one
else has a Christmas yeah you're not
you're not like a ski enthusiasts mark
at the shop but lift keeps so proud
opened last month check it out with your
Brighton Big Love currently going down
my favorite part writing which is the
lane
ah Boston yes sir I saw this he just
fell out okay so I spell out and we free
massive crash downstairs and obviously
alphas parents not anyway were like I'm
sorry's going I closed that door I
closed that door over there can you hear
it well when it drips off it makes such
a noises so as I know wait hold up a
minute
this is quite serious there's someone
burning in me yeah a few whit sorry this
is this is a serious matter and anyway
is the cover on oh excuse me
really sorry I don't if you realize that
you're in my house you can tell what you
want and then just leave the doors over
there before they go one more thing
yeah what do you buy oh where is it I
bought an advent calendar Playmobil so
Christmasy music let's take this
upstairs
so because Alfie got one his mum
informed me that there was actually a
girl's version which which was a
princess version how cute is this
there's a cake I think they're getting
married and a horse so I thought I'd
join in on the Playmobil action and now
I'm gonna open day one because obviously
I didn't get to do that this morning so
let's open day one Alfie 3d how cute
it's the little princess I'm glad
they've kept it traditional because you
know like a lot of things like Polly
Pocket got big good yeah
Playmobil stayed the same and used to be
able to take the hair off no brain in
there but Ock because she's got pretty
hair I think she's actually got a
fishtail not joking she has a fishtail
video I hope you've enjoyed day one of
vlogmas see you tomorrow
so excuse my makeup bliss face messy bun
and Alfie's t-shirt um but I just
uploaded my Christmas video and I was
gonna end my vlog already for something
super exciting happened
I say we're healthy well yeah how
amazing is that I remember Christmas Eve
last year I hit four hundred thousand
subscribers and now I have three million
and it's not even a year later that is
crazy like crazy I can't even really
fathom how many people that is fathom is
a funny word I just want to say thank
you so much to everyone who has
subscribed to my main channel I love you
all millions 3 millions ha I can't even
for kind of make words make words for me
I'm just super happy and this was the
best start to vlogmas ever I'm gonna
have celebratory food food and drinks
and treatable party two people per day
yeah I'm actually gonna go into bed now
guys thank you so much I love you all
