hey girl hey girl hey I am here with
with my boyfriend
Oh Tyler it's me I'm wearing Tyler's
house
well it's my lair it's so cute and he
gave me a kind of orange juice it's not
a can of Courtin a confident for my
darlin do excuse us back to have no
makeup on we rushed over here because
where we're staying has literally zero
internet so I'm scabbing Tyler's you use
that word no but you are loading
together you haven't just come to steal
it
yeah yeah we obviously we're both
uploading together but you'll obviously
have already watched our videos let me
know in the comments of this vlog how
much you loved our videos and how much
you ship xyler because it's real it's
canon it's so real we're gonna go eat
lunch
come back here makeup and videos boy
Tyler hi mines my crib come on in this
is my kitchen
no honey LTS a thing
Oh Alfie this is my living room I love
them yeah love it and my little study
says right in it yeah VidCon a lot of
books this is that fan milk you buy
stuff wow that's where the magic happens
oh my which which one of these do you
like it is very which one of these
posters do you kiss the most this one
Darren Criss mm-hmm he's the one man one
direction boy a live one and these are a
gold meshes huh can I go in there I'll
take a chocolate shake your underneath
all the pictures you're my secret love
you're the one he unveils every night
Neela back I kiss you
let's go for lunch these are my crutches
I broke my foot last month your aren't
my armpits with broken legs or something
my armpits were bruised yeah well I'm
sure you know you're not supposed to
lean on them
you're supposed to straighten your leg
straight nerves yes yeah yeah I'm proper
strong I could walk out like a workout
you've got it boy what rings you have to
they make special soda and it's like
super healthy super organic and it's
like sugar-free it's like California
everything in California is like this
I like fatty and carbee and sugary I got
a deal I've got strawberry lemonade
see what fever I don't even know
blackberry iced tea but it is really
weird and I can't work out I like a lot
I also got some sour cream and onion
potato chips because we don't have those
in the UK so this place is so good so I
needed to take these two and we want a
penny look I'm sat on fake grubs
till I come right home field we're at
the pool and Louise decided he's going
to try and stand on a lie low so we
don't go near the edge and do it you did
it you pretty much did it here's Troy
today Troy uploaded our extremely cool
video I'll leave a link below if you
haven't seen it already I'm very proud
of him that's okay yeah his Louise
eating eating is usual and Tyler my
boyfriend tan Casper curled up like a
baby Joe and Louie and Jack surfing Jack
do one of your core backflips yeah it
does really cool back dive no you won't
I think maybe
that was that was I think Louise was a
six and Jax was an eight he also has a
full head of dreadlocks which makes it
heavier
my turn Louisa star Ethan chakri then
I'm the vlog in its memory welcome to
Merkel
I've seen your eye for actually you're
in crazy like I look crazy they're not
on the internet I think it's very good
thank you
I'm holding Grace's do you know how much
soil you bought last year
like I was so shocked when I saw you in
the States or in the England in the
States
okay and on my video pre-rolls sorry man
it's so cool if we were ever on an
advert in the UK it would be like a huge
deal is a huge deal here hope you're
there like I think maybe was a crazy
woman in the commercial they popped to
the house because they just filmed with
this one yeah we all actually you know
we're tight and you're filming with them
blindfold each other
four items and I'm helping Jim
handle those things you don't like
pickle I hate pickles my hate deals you
have to get away yeah you don't like it
so she's just pouring delicious only if
you like pickles if you do link pickles
you're probably not gonna like the taste
of it okay maybe just makes alcohol out
of things in that house oh yeah damn
wait try the other side
that's it that's the freezer thing I'm
not sure about the color of it I'm scary
the color looks cool I don't drink that
hey gherkins I'm gonna have to try this
shake shake this is extreme makeshift
martini shaker C will approach probably
the single with
bottoms up great it's like that see
these all damn day but you guys should
taste it okay there's not that easy
let's not miss the mostest even though
she's leaving about four hours after us
it's my challenge oh they're kissing not
licking I've done foundation
