good morning everyone it's not Thursday
it's actually not morning it's just turn
to the afternoon and we're having an
office day doing lots of little bits and
pieces as always but it has come to the
time of the day where sadly as Terry did
leave the bake-off tent this week Maddie
has done Chanukah in the kitchen with
her are you dusting just I've got the
music on yes done love it
so these are a few come ones and these
okay so it's so it's a lemon drizzle
scoresheet sarau lemon no I do love a
good lemon drizzle
oh if you're wondering why we were all
wearing pink today it's because we're
doing a little Mean Girls Day photo so
we've got bear in the tutu which is the
cutest thing I've ever seen we've got
Nala in how chunky knit and we're
already and also I mean I don't really
want to show my feet too much but we're
all wearing those other lifestyles oh
look
Baron Allah have had their like their
romance is brewing they're now just like
really good friends for a while Nala was
being a dominant psycho I think I think
I think today they went over that hill
and now not a friend's BSS land good
afternoon everybody it is currently
Wednesday which actually blew my mind
because all day I've been thinking it's
Friday it feels like a Friday because I
never leave my house and I'm leaving my
house it's an occasion there is
currently one day left until cordially
invited comes out it's Mean Girls day
today October 3rd look who's there I'm
loving the soup it's a very like cool
carriage outfit really cool today yeah
you look really cool oh look to see
who's this on table nothing in between I
am wearing let me show you in the mirror
this dress by Danny is that how you say
it Gianni it's just this lovely little
white polka dot dress weird a Miss OMA
necklace a couple of rings and bits and
pieces a little waist belt and I'm gonna
be wearing it with some heeled boots and
the reason for my dressing up and Marc's
dressing up is that it is event day one
for me tonight so it's the first event
they're like in conversation with chats
with Jim in
London and it's taking place in
Leicester Square I'm excited but I'm
also nervous which is a really weird
mixture of feelings if I think about it
too much I'm nervous if I just think
about it quite lightly I'm really
excited yeah I mean it would be weird if
you weren't nervous yeah nerves smash
these sorts of events are so like normal
and like I myself would prefer to go to
this and like a signing or like a
meet-and-greet for example but I really
worry that because I've never done
anything like this before people are
gonna just think it's boring then
they're in it they're coming for the
wrong reason that's true I think they
will know what it is yeah I know say
yeah that's my only like oh I hope
people are like excited just to hear me
talk because I've never done that before
oh look at you
shadows searching in and not don't don't
dude he's not it great really high pitch
now he's also on his way back but he's
stuck in traffic currently because old
Hazar and Meg have come to visit
Brighton they are over Duke and Duchess
of York Sussex which is obviously where
we live so yeah having a little visit I
think everyone from the office is run
down there to see if they can see them
which is so cute but yeah we are waiting
for Alfie who is sucking traffic because
of that but we should be on the road
soon
I also spent all of this morning baking
cupcakes or just fat
cupcakes because last night in an
extreme turn of events Dan was
eliminated from the Great British Bake
Off and if you are keeping up-to-date
with the fact that us as if you're
keeping up-to-date with the fact that in
the office we have all been assigned a
person and when that person leaves we
have to create bake for the office which
is then scored I did not think Dan would
be going this soon I thought he had it
up to the final but pastry week was not
his week so he went and last night when
I was watching it he wasn't doing so
well I was like I don't have time to
bake I've got to go to London tomorrow
night and it's gonna be the one week
where I'm gonna have to do it and I
can't do it and then I thought I'll just
wake up really early and I'll do it
before I go to London which is what I
did and I'm not going to show you too
much I'll show you more tomorrow
but I had a little theme and I've made
Lawrence and vegan cakes and I've never
attempted to make vegan cupcakes or
cakes before ever
and Marcus ate one what did you think
you did literally so I'm really really
happy with that because I was quite
nervous because you're obviously
substituting a lot of ingredients and I
thought oh god this is just gonna go
wrong as well the frosting yeah are you
put a little bit of butter in that I
didn't know that would not be good
no that's vegan butter so it's all
plant-based ingredients right anyway I
feel like I've done enough rambling and
I've shown you my little bakes and
that's pretty much all I've done today
he just happened because all morning up
in like I've been quite I'm quite
nervous Mark's like nah
where is their cinema great okay how
many people and you say 400 and I'm like
oh I mean that's a lot of people yeah us
yeah okay and I've always a little bit
more intimate than that
no by this day no well no I even still
everybody just saw I'm here I've signed
all the books hi Jim
this is so cool oh I love the aircon as
well I have to say yeah it's really nice
and Alfie did say is there a bar and
there is a bar there's two bars he'll be
happy this is so cool
yeah excited Jim so yeah you can
actually I'll be like a nice lie but I
have nothing anything with us major no
great yeah
Tania gyms although town is in LA so
it's just Jim Antonio and Jim how do you
think it went Jim it was so much fun I
think it was funny insightful and I
think like a lot of people were saying
that it felt like I think a lot of
people saying it felt a lot like we were
having a chat just us too but they were
like there to like join in and listen
yes so yeah really hope you enjoyed it
Manchester on Saturday and Edinboro
Monday yeah a lot think about where I'm
staying
and then at a time avoiding everything
did you like out I really liked
exercising the audience so I got to see
the other side of it yeah it was really
really fun very interesting yeah we
talked about good range of time along
this hour
yeah it's really rare on doing that
normal stage especially with one person
less I've got lots of yeah when there's
lots of people so you also answer
people's questions who were there and
then yeah and then you like hey this
one's from Charlotte and then oh there
you are
yeah
yeah so thank you so much to everybody
who came to the first one in Leicester
Square I really hope you enjoyed it I
had a great time and now we are gonna
jump in the car I'm head home good
morning everybody it is now Thursday and
it is officially cordially invited
publication day I've got a few things
going on in the office today
one of which is a meeting for something
completely different but still exciting
and we are also testing my bake-off
baek's which I'm excited about
and we're going to have a really crafty
afternoon to kind of symbolize the
release of the book by making autumn
wreaths
so as an office we're all gonna sit down
and create our own wreaths which I'm so
excited about my battery is washing
there we go replace the battery yeah
it's gonna be a really fun day I woke up
this morning by a little rustle next to
me and I looked and Alfie had brought me
like the biggest bunch of flowers I have
ever seen they are huge and they're
really autumnal and it's just so cute
because he obviously knows I really like
my autumn Bunch
he bought me a little congratulations
card and the biggest bunch of flowers
you've ever seen in your life
and then we remembered it was our
anniversary also we knew it was coming
but we do this every year it's like we
we don't normally celebrate it and then
Alfie bought me a car last year which
was very unexpected it's not usually
what we do for our anniversary so this
year is a bit more low-key as much as
were the other four yes he is actually
filming in Southampton today anyway so
we're not spending the day together but
we're gonna have a really nice evening
tonight just to celebrate six years six
honestly don't know where those six
years have gone but I've loved them I
think this is gonna be multiple visors
and I don't have time right now to
separate them so I think that can be a
nice task when I get home but I'm gonna
have to put them in water bill
and put you in the sink
literally ridiculous
oh honey
the office is buzzing just logged in and
look how cute this is
so as I said we're going to be doing
wreath mating but look I walked into and
all the table looks amazing
so this is all the stuff we're gonna be
making the wreaths with is she playing
with them you be boisterous so cute and
we've got the reacts in here I can't
move along your hair it's like here it's
just treats that we've sat next to and
these are the treats down the other end
okay we are photographing the bait is
this the most fun you've ever had at
work we are heading out of the office
down to water stones
brainy's also here Briony mishears Oh
watch out almost dying some of these
guys have got one to pick up because
they preorder at our exciting it's been
really nice seeing all your lovely
feedback and all your gorgeous black
lace
now heading into Waterstone after
signing lots of but I've also signed
these ones on the little table we should
make them look a bit neater we've just
we've disrupted the sad soul did you but
now it's like if you want them to be
exactly right and there we go that's all
cute cute look so if you've got a perk
Kerry's got fur it's nearly time to do
the bake-off text of my biscuit jar
cupcake these are the vegan cupcakes so
we've got Oreo put a little V their
party ring cupcake with a little V and
then we've got bisque off and jammie
Dodger
there's one little jammie Dodger and
normal kind of dairy Oreo and for added
quality a jar of the biscuits just in
case anyone wants to eat a fresh one I'm
very nervous
the results are in very high score in
presentation 10 takes 10 in presentation
10 taste 10 texture 10 effort 10 total
40 hour 40 entire between jammie Dodgers
and Oreo as a favourite decoration well
considered very impressed with vegan
biscuit jar cupcakes presentation 10
tastes 9 texture 9f at 10:38 our 40
really thoughtful presentation and a
smashing cupcake presentation 10 tastes
9 texture 9f at 10:30 our 40 really
yummy cupcakes one texture a chocolate
Oh - one for texture as - one texture
the chocolate was a bit of chocolate as
a whipped bit crumbly but very delish
one - one tastes as party ring - sickly
sweet 45 but love the style presentation
9 taste 9 texture 9.5 at 9:30 7.5 moist
succulent to rise good size lots of
variety what more can I say can
presentation 10 taste 9 texture 10
effort 1040 out of 40 okay
39:39 are morally damn would have been
proud of like down I was like really
damn
damn would have been proud bisque off
was my fave well done well bloody done
and key presentation 10 taste 9 texture
10 effort 10:13 are forty bloody great
super tasty ten ten ten ten forty some
people are just born to bake forty I'm
really glad that done is gone oh yeah so
we are currently creating a perfect
autumn reef goodbye bryony's love you
I'm to you this way how are we getting
on team we've got Lottie and holly's let
me have a look
love it cause it looks beautiful
memories well love it I mean oh I like
that little hanger I don't I didn't
think of that myself you put everything
out thank you so much and also because
it's like wicker you can stick it
through a nail damn from this is
gorgeous love love let's come round
beautiful Lauren I love it
very pretty and Sophie let me see yours
love it I love this with the with the
leaves and then I've put mine over here
to dry I've just gone oh I can't see it
the little bow on the bottom she's there
we go the finished wreath they look so
cute all together
just got back and I thought I would take
Nala on a little kind of evening walk
because it's so nice out this evening
and maybe see if I can find some coffee
while I'm at it
I've honestly had like the nicest day
it's been so exciting and like being
surrounded by everyone in the office
who's just like I just loved them all
and they're all so supportive and you
know I couldn't do what I do if I didn't
have them it's nice to celebrate the
things you've achieved and sometimes I
think I don't really do that enough and
it was nice to be surrounded by so many
people to celebrate it together don't
know it was just it was a really really
nice day and I had a really cool meeting
in the morning and then Briony came as
well who was obviously my editor for
cordially invited the response so far
has been really positive I'm so glad
that so many of you are loving it and
that it's encouraging you to make and
celebrate Alfie's opening is package you
never want the beauty packages I always
send you my books I know every day
exactly yeah I chose that one that was
my favorite picture of us so you can put
it in a frame then I wrote your card
please to placing the treats for
unexpected guests the only toothpaste
I'll run out to places them in them
there might be a little bamboo
toothbrush little eye marks some tea bag
to place and I make you fire a little
candle thank you you're welcome
there you are looking off into the
distance I've met you look to every
single page yeah like a flip for a few
times cuz we've had a lot there look at
Shawn's hair I know it's so different
friend a mark looks so different
I've got no tattoo huh oh my god you'd
have a bee on there now it's so much in
there no there's so much food oh no my
dinners not gonna be as good as any of
them guys look at all the flowers aren't
I so lucky there's so many beautiful
bouquets I'm now gonna look at me hello
I'm about to distribute these around the
house literally we can make some serious
money that's like a florist I know I
love it hello it's what's the date today
saturday not good anyway we're about to
go out and do the second chat I'm very
nervous
hello hello oh it's a little bit later
now I'm in my hotel room or me lonesome
just thought I would drop in because I
didn't really film much today
I felt so extremely nervous I don't know
why because once I get into things like
this I'm fine but I've just been feeling
really anxious the last couple of days I
think if any of you have anxiety
sometimes feeling like you're very far
away from your home and your home
comforts instantly sets you on edge and
I just woke up this morning at like
half-past five wide awake and just
started worrying and like my therapist
always says if someone says to you don't
think of the color blue
we're thinking of thinking of blue I
don't know I think it's just that it's
been very busy with like releasing the
book and just had quite like a full-on
couple of weeks but I think I'm just
mentally a little bit more so I'm just
like running a bit low on like mental
energy anyway and that's enough for me
to feel a bit more anxious on a normal
day
so I think that's probably why it was in
front of 300 people and actually 300 who
doesn't really look like that much I was
feeling really really anxious and then
we were trying to watch Joe on my laptop
because I didn't want to miss any of his
performances and so I had the laptop up
but I was just thinking I wonder how he
must feel right now like I'm standing
here going oh my god I'm so nervous to
do a talk in front of 300 people and
then when I saw Joe on Strictly imagine
what he must feel and then I didn't feel
so nervous but then it showed Joe just
standing in the like bit where everyone
was and he just looked so nervous and
in this whole process of Joe being on
streaming he has never looked nervous
and he has always looked so confident
and so ready to go and it really threw
me off
and my sister Lee instinct kicked in and
all I could think about was he's not
okay he's really nervous something's
wrong and I started freaking myself out
and I started feeling really anxious
that something was wrong with Joe I
don't know if any of you have younger
siblings who are quite close in age so
me and Joe are only 18 months apart and
I have always been very very protective
of Joe I would usually do anything for
him ever like and there's not a lot of
people I would say that about but Joe is
like the top of my list of people who I
would just drop everything for and when
I saw him looking really nervous I was
like
oh my god I can't do anything I'm in
Manchester I think it's because I'm
tired it's because I'm already on edge
and I know if he watches this he'll
literally laugh and be like you're so
silly I'm 27
like I'm fine but because I couldn't
watch the rest of the show for any
context I would I was like oh no this
doesn't feel right like I need so I
immediately came back to the hotel room
and watched it and I rang him and I was
like you look really nervous what like
you okay he's like yeah I'm bud oh I
don't know I know it's not just me I
know there's so many people who have a
younger sibling that they probably feel
the same about but this show is
literally stressing me out because I
just want Joe to be happy honestly guys
I can't even tell you how freaking hard
he is working he's not a dancer he's
never danced in his life and he's
learning all these different dances all
these different techniques there is just
there's no way any of that would stay in
my head I don't know how he's doing it
and I am like so it's so proud of him
because every week he's there he's
giving it his absolute best and I mean
he's absolutely loving life he is so
happy doing this I just want it to last
for him like for the longest amount of
time just so he can carry on like
Dancing with Diana and just having the
best time of his life every week I'm
just like biting off my nails I think I
need to just relax a bit even though I
was very nervous and anxious I had an
amazing event with Emma I bloody love
that woman she is so great and she just
asked some great questions and we had
this lovely chat
and it was so like intima and it felt so
lovely being able to talk really
candidly and really openly about so many
different things it's not just about the
book it was about like business and the
office and growing the team and like
social media and lots and lots of
different things so thank you thank you
thank you so much to everybody he came
to Manchester I really hope you enjoy
your book and I hope you really enjoyed
the chat I think I'm going to go to
sleep now because it's been a day full
of a lot of emotions and my head is
starting to hurt so me and Carrie are
going up at 7 a.m. to leave for 7:30 so
you hit the road and drive five hours
back home
