hi welcome to what is the day Wednesday
you may notice a slight change in my
appearance and that is because I I went
brunette
I went very dark brunette I mean I used
to be a brunette if you have been
watching my youtube channel for like
nine years then you will know that I
have been this dark before when I was
about twenty twenty-one I want to say
and probably when I was like 17 and I
have been looking at other brunettes
recently and just wondering whether I
could go back to the dark side don't get
me wrong I absolutely flippin loved
being blonde like I loved it so much but
I just fancied a bit of change sorry if
I've got bread crumbs on my mouth but it
in French stick with butter I just
fancied a change I was feeling really
brave and I thought if I hate it we'll
transition back to blonde it's not the
end of the world it's hair but I
actually really like it it makes my eyes
so blue Sam did say it will probably
fade very quickly because of the nature
of putting it on top of blonde so I'm
gonna have to have it read I'd in like
three weeks I think she said look at my
roots there's au dark I don't think I've
ever filmed from this angle it's a very
nice angle of the kitchen that is
essentially what has happened today I've
had my hair done and I was halfway
through having it done and I was like
wow I'm logging this it's just because I
was fully embracing it but also I was
quite nervous I was really nervous that
I might hate it or I might think why
have I done this I've got a really big
photo shoot on Friday and all the photos
will have this hair so I have to love it
because I've got photo shoot but no I
really actually do love it I feel like
it's the perfect change for autumn I'm
so not used to having like fully dark
hair and every now and then I catch
myself and I'm like
my mum which is not bad thing my mum
stunning but my mum has dark hair and
I've not had dark hair as like an older
adult I'm actually gonna go up and have
a bath because I've been feeling really
anxious and a bit on edge over the past
couple of days friends is very loud whoa
so I just want to take it easy this
evening we had a really late night last
night we had meetings in the office
until 8:00 p.m. and now that it's
starting to get darker earlier it was
like pitch black and when we were
leaving I was just like I am so like
drained and I think it's because the
night of Alfie's party I don't drink so
I didn't have a hangover but one thing I
do do i do do when I'm at party all
those people around me who like drinking
and it's a late night I because I don't
drink alcohol I also don't drink
anything which is really silly and I'm
the worst for not drinking enough water
as it is but for some reason like if I'm
in a pub or if I'm in like I don't know
a party and everyone else is drinking I
just don't drink anything because I
think well I'm not drinking but what I
should do is pick up a soft drink or a
water and I don't do that so I find that
I have a really late night and I'm
really dehydrated and when I wake up in
the morning I feel awful so I need to
make more of an effort to drink more I
don't know if any of you find that that
happens to you as well it's just I don't
know whether it's not enough sleep or
like the adrenaline from the night
before mixed with not drinking enough
water and I just wake up and I've got an
awful headache and I feel very like like
even lifting my hand is like so much
effort it's like a hangover but I didn't
drink so I may as well bloody drink if
I'm gonna feel the next day anyway so
all of yesterday I was like oh I think I
need to go home I have meetings so I was
like no I'm gonna try and pull through
it and obviously we had all these
birthday celebrations we played pass the
parcel which is really fun I got through
the day
then right at the end of the day we had
like a very big like I call it the
what's occurred in meeting because it's
like a big old cat trap with our
business advisor my accountant and my
lawyer who all of which Alfie also
shares so it's one of those meetings
where like I've said in a previous vlog
it's it's like people are speaking to
you in another language I try my hardest
to understand them because I think it's
so important so it was one of those
meetings and it went on for nearly three
hours so it was a long meeting but
really great at the end of it
my brain was mush I had to sign loads of
forms um I kept getting up I was like a
fidgety child I was like are we done yet
and he was like no three more to do I
was like oh my god I can't sit down but
I think half of that was my anxiety like
if any of you suffer with anxiety you
know that the hardest thing to do when
you feel panicky or like your hearts
going or you just feel a bit like on
edge is to sit still and to like carry
out a normal procedure in a normal way
because all you're thinking is I need to
go I need to go I'm tired oh no I'm like
my heart like beating out of my chest so
I was just having one of those having
one of those days so I decided that
today I'm gonna keep it chilled I'm
gonna run a bath have a really early
night still have Hornets guys even
though the best man came apparently
these are like the most robust Hornets
in the world and they're still there
which also means the queen is still
there because if the Queen wasn't there
they wouldn't be there I am going to run
myself a bath now where's the plug on
iris
I'm gonna use my zoella Beauty bubble
soap I love this oh I think I
might also like just got all my products
everywhere my midnight Wonder candle
this has the same scent as the Beauty
range so if you love the beauty range
scent you might want to get yourself one
of these I wanted something that would
smell a little bit like a crisp winter
morning and that's kind of what we were
going for here so it's not like a
traditional Christmas scent but it's a
very fresh beautiful crisp winter
morning maybe I should have called it
that damn it anyway Hornets are still
here I've dyed my hair feeling anxious
so I'm going to have a chilled woman I
might carry on reading my feminists
don't wear pink and otherwise
good morning everybody it's not Thursday
and I've just been to get my browser on
with Poppy and now me papa Shawn are in
HomeSense looking at all the Halloween
shares oh my god that's so much look how
cute this is I might have to get there
the ghost garland handmade knitted
stuffs I already bought some little
knitted mice last time look at the party
fans they look so cool
what's that yeah I just I don't know
when's the right time to start my
collection of kind of creepy tacky
things right now this one's the most
important I don't think that's very
Halloweeny there's arms coming off and
blown glass I know it's like you so
Sean's Matt back you don't want to
follow me or anyone a fellow show he's
so fast
I keep catching sight of myself and
being like who the hell are you you know
any research on Instagram you're like
one of the top people that come up yes
I'm here with Sophie and in front of us
we have mock-ups these are pre
production so the company that makes the
products would literally sit in their
studio and make these out of card oh
yeah this one took a whole day of
probably I mean I wouldn't know where to
start and yeah
so which i think is quite a skill in its
own because they want to make it look as
precise as it's going to look and I hope
they do a very good job so we're
currently sat in front of the entire
Christmas gifting 2019 range to have a
look at what it all looks like together
because this is kind of the first
opportunity we get to see it in like 3d
yeah as opposed to on a mood board I'm
sure you've got a nice long list for me
how many
difference between these it's about
groans yeah yeah in this or in the white
Jeannette Walls we could have like we
could have mins in the coil coil
lemonade ever - no we only - don't get
811 patrollers order dad there
hi dad getting me here
I think we're gonna go for story and
have like a load of parables you can
and then I suggested to carrier be
really cool to do a stop motion of the
box and all the products you know one of
the products in the cosmos range this
year is the wish upon a spa box which I
did mention in a previous vlog where you
can win a prize and we have a box in the
office so Maddie is gonna win a prize
she's gonna open it so if he's already
done one and you wanna yeah so Maddie
was like I don't want to go so we've got
one of the boxes she's got the star
she's going on the word up
if a really cute website as well if you
win they're like the top prize right now
we'll have to edit all this out it will
look like a fit humid winter I want em
set up good morning it is Friday and
today I have a big foot it's a rabbit
it looks massive today I have a really
big photo shoot in North London with
Matt Holyoke is that Hornet look at the
size of this I can't even tell you how
freakin big this is okay this looks like
it could be Queenie or maybe not
there you go there's reference - how big
- how big they are well there's a
squirrel as well bloody hell it's like
animals are farthing wood in my garden
okay Nala anyway yes what I was saying
was I'm doing a photo shoot with Matt
Holyoke and I'm really really excited
basically we are just getting lots of up
to date shots although I get so nervous
for things like this especially with
teams I've never worked with before
obviously I know like my team and I know
who I have for like hair and makeup and
styling but I've never met him or his
team so it's a new person to shoot in
front of and I normally get quite quite
nervous about that but overall I'm
really really really excited for today I
think it's gonna be really good it is
about two hour drive away though so
myself and Carrie are jumping in the
mini and heading over it's now 7:35 so
we'll probably head off in about ten
minutes try and beat that morning
traffic although we all know
we're actually just probably gonna get
stuck in it
yes
I just love their yeah hello everyone
good morning it is a very lovely crisp
Wednesday isn't it it was a bit like
spring yeah it does back in May yeah
today I can hear the birds cheeping
outside then cheap birds this morning it
for basically me a mark when it gets to
around this time of year we like to have
our days where we go out we venture
round home center and nice leisurely
pays to take the cars we can fill it
with some early Halloween and autumn
bits and pieces this time last year we
did do something very similar we went
forgotten centre and we went talking
sense
yeah and we ate digestives with
marshmallow find it really rained yeah
and they were delicious delicious that
was a year ago yeah pretty much
oh my god so we found today to go out
have a nice day looking around getting
in the autumn spirit and then come back
and just give it cozy amoral for more
chokers focus on the cup of tea now
we're gonna do I think first stop
just us because that's the furthest away
then we can kind of make our way back
yeah where is your job
oh my god sighs every day on the way to
Blackpool I was talking about you Nick I
said I come from ounces I've never said
out loud so I said ma Nick and the
people Nathan your life I just can't
pronouncing like when I look at
something I say it as I see it mummy I
love it I love your mixer pronunciation
anyway yes we are off let's go let's go
pick your own way we thought we'd have a
little drop in I'm actually coming here
at the weekend with hoppy and Alfie and
Shawn not sure sure and Alethea are
aware of it yeah but we're glad we're
gonna come here and get some like
squashes and pumpkins and things but we
were driving past it because me and Marc
are obviously on our way this way I just
thought let's just go in there's no one
else there it's nice and quiet we might
find ourselves some pumpkins and
squashes and things so yeah recited they
already have some how magnificent look
in Kona pumpkin the lovely lady at
reception has given us a knife
oh right it's like an octopus that's a
great one yeah it's right we can wash
him you never think you're a London boy
let's find these little squashes shall
we
Bubbe ones is that I feel like we should
give them time to grow reach that peak
you know
we weren't really quite prepared for
this actually not gonna lie I've got
like really clean like leather boots on
and Mark's got brand new trainers maybe
you shouldn't walk in the merge I'll do
the mud walking and I'll just shout for
you if I need help okay now I have I
walked into a literally the second I
stepped into there straight into a
stinging nettle bush good start so we
found the pumpkin field although I feel
like they don't have as many as they had
last year there's not there's not loads
there's like huge ones and none that I
want to pick cause I feel like they're
not quite ready yet so I don't want to I
don't want to cut them to seem you know
all them to reach their full growth
potential where are all the bags
oh there we've got some nice selection
of squashes haven't way and I've got
some nice muddy hands and we're gonna
head back now and pay for them look at
him strong man gonna have squash yeah
squash makes my throat Ritchie does it
yeah come on keep moving
the very kind lady gave us read ice
creams and free waters and free pumpkins
and squashes yeah why
so lovely nothing like an autumn my
Friedman why we buckle sniff eight
what is the temperature
19 degrees Oh
mumbling even for the whole thing in
your mouth
do you not have a gag reflex
I have them work that reflect I'm not
the only person who enjoys brushing
their tongue this is nice
a lovely summer's day you know I don't
know I haven't no God send you eat
Saturday
we diamond
yeah
you're not fine
like on my mind my briefs yeah I think
so
oh no I saw I come in
suck it back in do later funny innit
nobody own thing do your thing that's
how you are maybe on CBBC move children
yeah that's cool yeah that's so cool
looks like a man trying to get out
Baltimore
stop man and so Eddie
oh we didn't even get the name you know
what the garden center does have stuck
but you know what that means Bombay do
you think yeah I don't know do you think
be loud loud yeah I think I didn't have
my old flat when we came here last go in
it's Christmas
okay maybe I can't go in hey spine thing
anyway we've come to guns and just have
a little ones around oh my god I just
just straight think I'm ready oh look
they're doing here
isn't that fun I like the elves in in
the film elf Wow
isn't this magical why are you laughing
at me I need there's a girl stop I don't
start making as one I go on let me see
demonstrate some math
I love those vintage globe style bulbs
warm so I ordered this from America
isn't it good
let me just have a way for you they've
also got velvet words smell that one
that smells like myself I am the wire
sell fragrance I love me an autumn
candle I like that they have the
slightly smaller ones sweet orange spice
that's Christmas I ordered this one
harvest walk I didn't realize I would
have it here March is smoke it's kinda
like oh my god that got the burning
wicked no I think this is a different
brand they've got three but they've got
really good all that stone Glade upper I
think they do really good really you
okay yeah this is nice net lovely little
pot what you're gonna put in it I really
wanted to do another Christmas puzzle
and the trick is to start early so I've
picked up this one the Christmas toy
shop very excited about it
Mark's gonna help me aren't you Mark's
found a tree and a basket and I've just
seen how much it it's not too bad for a
nice fake that is an all year round nice
fake back yeah I would I should hope it
last year
dang into Hobby craft to see what we got
what would you want to say nothing
appropriate for a camera no ma'am no
ma'am like 95% of my day so they only
had a couple of bits of Halloween stuff
but it is very crafty this year I feel
like don't you there's not really
decorations it's all just things you'd
want for crafts so there wasn't really
too much but next week on the day of the
cordially invited launch we are going to
be in the office making autumn wreaths
from the book so I bought loads of
for that so this year as always
Starbucks have their pumpkin spice or
tiny from front but I have to say I do
get very excited by Koster's or to me
Christmas drinks so this year they have
one called the bonfire spice is it
something like that so we're gonna see
if they've got it in Haskins so we can
sip it on the way to home sense I'm
quite excited to try it it's like burnt
caramel like toffee and like it sounds
great yeah we that we loved
yes what was it the gin it was a
gingerbread my honeycomb honeycomb yeah
so you can't actually go into the
Christmas section in Huskins yeah it's
all like barred off which is good
because now it means when we come back
weeping when it's like a bit close to
Christmas we can come back and go in
there hopefully colder yeah maybe I'll
feel a bit more back because it's like
in there mark enchanted forest it says
it there I didn't even realize I can't
literally can't see this one that's a
peacock they didn't have it not bit I'll
try it
we might stumble upon another Kostis
somewhere on our travels we don't know
but the cost of bonfire drink is still
yet to be tasted by sorrow Mike
I need to put fake town on Lookout look
at you look at me why I think my dark
hair makes me look more pale yeah I
really want to go dark I know I've got
dark hair already but I want to go more
brown like your eyebrows yeah and you've
got really dark eyes as well
devil I never lie someone in the banks
that I had the eyes of the devil
I know I did nothing wrong
what did you say to that how's the sigh
oh thanks that's my fine
you know what you'd lose my head sorry
where are we home sins UK yeah
smacking your gullet oh I think your
gusset is something else actually is
that yeah there's a pizza hot ah should
we get a takeout pizza yeah
I don't think there's a drive-through
though our restaurant and take why don't
you strive through though what we think
in oh there's so much too much for me we
should turn back
so what ornaments you're gonna buy today
no ornament no ornament today oh oh it's
broken sad ain't it we got to it like a
punch you're going
oh yeah full on hallow oh my god this is
so cute getting that I also already have
that cushion oh that's really cute
that's very you this is me
I'd like the other one Basco yeah
probably yeah look at the hanging
Garland throw one of them in me basket
yeah
Oh they've got some great stuff look at
the cushions and the mugs
I like this mug why do I love this so
much
it's New York's no mark sir
stocking up on some some old zoella
lifestyle stock they are look it would
be sad was I gone if you never managed
to get hold of my candles when they were
in where did they go in I forgotten
debenhams notes yes they were summon big
nerve OC said stroll I'm a tree oh no
how may treats
so he's like stocking up I did say I
could give him some but then he's like
yeah but then once they've gone from
your cupboards they're gone forever what
you found
oh look at all these candles these like
pumpkin spice eek Andals shock hall and
smoke I love that I love that container
I quite like that suppose like a bonfire
oh that's lovely that likeshe I love
that nice and fresh smart it reminds me
of like an old bath like baths you'd
have when you were a kid
anything Gardens if your garden
everything people are crazy pay I think
they'd be so nice and about oh you feel
very relaxed and the bedroom offers
pumpkin rum these keep little ones are
cute I don't know I feel like oh I do
like that with that part I'm getting
that score so ever get you know one no I
don't know sound inform I'm really
excited your stuff is in here it is like
honestly to have my stuff in home-home
you've made it up I mean it's
technically we're old stock goes but
still I think I'm just excited for it to
be here as I was when it went into like
boots and dominance yeah it's still good
at least I don't post it in the baby
this is where I buy all my candles so it
kind of picks it yeah I think this is a
bit much for me
I almost act I like smoke free meat hey
Meghan miles
Oh same it's very meaty Oh pumpkin round
gingerbread is this gonna smell like
sick audience ready to orchard Port
Charles now that this node behind it
I don't like that I stick my cannon oh
this is nice farmers market oh that's
lovely though this is by everyday luck
we're gonna get that little boy roses 10
tell me what it smells like
in town what keeps picking a really
citrusy one's left he's like got it
smells like a tampon I'm like I think
you mean a tampon bin and also how many
of those have you come into contact with
and why oh so you do know the smell of
them yeah all of the things but you keep
saying it smells like a tampon which is
a very different depends if it's used or
not yeah oh I love this candle I just
bought a small one of God I think you
should buy the big one though I like
that I don't agree on its or anything
else how you mean you want or just
candles I think I owe what
no chips really do take out shopping
really takes out you didn't actually
take out you
yeah me and market crashing now which is
why we feel the need to stop off and get
a little Mikey deep the Cornish pasty
didn't I yeah we're back home and just
before we left to go I had the most
gorgeous delivery of flowers like I
think I've ever received and they were
from my mom and she'd asked the florist
to match the colors to the called the
invited front cover which is just the
cutest so my mum thought I'm gonna send
you flowers early before your book gets
released just because I know you'll
probably receive lots of bits and pieces
and I just want to make sure you get it
so look how beautiful these are there's
some really cool like look at this and
these and this
it's like inflatable conkers there's
some really beautiful flowers in there
so thank you mom and I wanted to film
them because I want to remember them
forever like this I'm gonna be really
sad when these all die so cute very
thoughtful now making marker tea and
because of the theme of the day I'm
gonna make it and give it to you in my
Halloween emo every little builder's bro
look at Nala in her duct raincoat oh my
god oh my god that is the cutest thing
look how excited she came from a pond or
a sauna
I can't cope I want to cry
Oh Oh God I just want to cuddle her so
bad oh she's going for a cuddle is that
nice you like your little tight jumpers
does anyone else's dog just love wearing
a jumper because I think it's kind of
like the thunder jackets you can buy to
make them feel like they're being
cuddled mm-hmm when we put one of these
on her like I can almost guarantee you
in like two minutes she'll be asleep she
just loves wearing them they make her
really relaxed and calm so good to see
all healthy again haven't seen her in
ages I know is she'd lost so much weight
because of her tummy your little head I
love you I like this little roll it's a
waddle waddle on the way back Mark said
he really wanted to watch ghosts so now
we've got blankets Mark's got gnarley'
and we've got the snacks and we got
ghosts on the telly perfect and today me
and Mark have just finished watching
ghosts it looks like I've been crying
but I've just smudged my makeup and now
he's off farewell my laughs thank you
thank you for a lovely day have you just
broken your ear thanks no I had a great
day as well it was so much fun yeah I
think I'm gonna go to bed now because I
am so so tired
absolutely pooped so thank you so much
for watching and I'll see you again very
soon
