good morning everybody it's the freakin
weekend I'm just checking I can't see
you change it in the background no can't
see that it's Saturday I'm just put you
here and just talk we have my mum my nan
and my granddad arriving any minute now
and now if he's not dressed yeah this is
what I'm wearing
got my little 90s top on that I actually
bought from Primark like a while ago and
then these which are my Zara like tie up
her lots alfie has a t-shirt and some
pants so my Nanna grant that are coming
with my mum and I'm so excited because
the last time they came to see the house
we just got it and it looked quite
different how it is now so I'm excited
to see like their reaction and to show
them round and because I don't feel like
they would have seen much of our vlogs
so for them this is probably gonna be
like a first time seeing like all of it
which just makes it a little bit more
special I think my mum went and picked
them up her 7 oh yeah Savage mother just
got to wait for them to arrive now I
don't know how much I will film of them
just because like my nan doesn't like
being on camera my mum doesn't mind my
grandma doesn't actually mind but I
think it's just gonna be like a weekend
of chilling ready I hope the weather
stays nice that's it that's what that's
what we're doing me and Alfie
snuck off because we want to go and get
lunch for everybody
and we're also buying everything we need
for dinner I decided to do sausages
mashed potato and onion gravy and we
have some veg as well
it looks like you're wearing if you got
like something around your neck mix then
you've got dungarees on no oh it's your
little fanny pack
it's my yeah my fanny pack up your fanny
pack
I mean anything in it literally
everything's in my pocket then why are
you wearing it just you know fashion a
fashion statement
my grandparents love the house which is
so nice I just said what was your
favorite room they like the bedrooms and
the Wardrobe which is cool
I pulled muscles from Zoe's never worked
out in her life like how do you know
that you've only known me five years and
I know that you've never been to the gym
floor where I went to the gym with you
moved your legs out twice
basically he's always never ever gone to
the gym before so she thinks that her
arms aching from using them is the same
as pulling a muscle oh okay I know the
difference between aching muscles and
muscle yes I do I did hold my right
buttock
I know those glutes eh it's not even
both it's one of them that's how I know
I pulled it okay it really hurts
alby's trying to say that I haven't know
what I'm trying to say is Dom's from
when you go to the gym can really hurt
but it doesn't mean your heart muscle
from the gym dum-dum so in your arms
when you ache so your muscles ache ins
hood Dom's
it's not like gym speak or is that my
life yes if you get really bad Dom's at
you
oh really bad dog yes I Casey haven't
pulled a muscle you just got back no
I've pulled a muscle in this armpit and
this ask Creek Creek turn your ass crap
oh no no no my ass cheek my right ass
cheek oh the sun's coming out yeah
you're so mean I haven't pulled a muscle
in my ass I know I know
I always say on these if they're long as
we walked in we got handed this list for
the local food bank which is nice we can
put buy some things not gonna lie I
could really rich tea right now lunch
well I'm not the biggest sushi eater am
i and this is Nan's first I'm having
sushi and we've got some little rolls
and sandwiches got myself a little mint
tea and I am just about to quickly edit
I said quickly we all know it's not
gonna be quickly but I'm gonna edit my
vlog from yesterday we're casually just
listening to shaggy is this shaggy
as I've said before my mum helps me with
any fan mail that I get because there's
a lot to try and keep on top of which is
ever so lovely of you so thank you if
you ever do send me a letter and we're
going through some of it now and it's so
cute I've got these earrings or which
one was this from so these are handmade
laser-cut jewelry by the company Milly
by the C so you can check them on Etsy
and on Instagram so thank you so much
there's no good yeah Lauren and we've
got this little package which I hope you
haven't opened upon yet let's have a
look
oh these are the things that you can
stick in cakes it's like in a cake isn't
that cool
you're a whole lot of love Mar and look
this is a picture of I'm assuming her
dog we haven't read the letter yet Henry
loves Nala
Oh Thank You Jenny Oh
editing my blog so check your legit feel
sick like how are we do I can happen to
Zoe this is just a little package of
goodies from our new decor range we
thought the banner slogans right up your
street
we sent you and Mark matching ones hope
you like them Sophie journey and Henry
the dog
you also these are the banners Henry
that's very appropriate for you and Mark
like staying here and then look at these
so these are like come draw an
illustration
this is bath so this is the city it was
unmarried city wasn't it yeah we lived
so this is where we went like when we
went shopping all right into town very
beautiful city yes they're lovely I'm
going and they've done some of London
yes she did
she's an illustrator she's a very um
bath actually Sears oh I'm an
illustrator working in bathroom my
lovely assistant Georgie and we are
super excited to see on your Instagram
that you have come to the city as we are
avid fans we absolutely could not resist
sending you a little something to remind
you of the city
ah so this so these are from Alice and
Georgie and you can find them on
Instagram Alice underscore Kate
underscore illustrates and also the
underscore bath omean thank you guys and
we've done some of the world of the
world and also got a lovely variety of
pin so this one is from the black pug
prat black pug Club I said I need to get
one of these for Amanda she would love
that and then we've got goats and totes
keep going and Love Wins I love this one
this one so cute and then loads by a
company called Old English company which
are all amazing I really like this one
doughnut worry and I like this one
high-five get stuff done ah I want a
bear hug oh I want to bear hug you
amazing also have these lovely prints of
London and Paris by a girl called Andrea
and her Etsy shop is type typographic
coat at sea calm
they're so cool there's a lot of very
talented people in the world this is
such a good idea so this is a collar and
tag she's put I don't think Nala will
get arrested for being naked in public
as she wears a harness but I want you to
make a tag especially for her I hope she
likes it so this is Baxter's boutique
dot credit UK Cheryl and Baxter and it's
so cute so it says Nala on it and it
says not a daily vlogger but then on the
back which I really like instead of
having a number it says I'm lost but
chipped please scan me which is so good
because she is chipped but we don't tend
to keep something with our number on
just because we film her all the time so
that's perfect thank you so much don't
know if any of you saw this on my
Twitter but Finley this is by Finley
Eliot I just could not believe how
amazing it was bless you granddad
because he I feel like he's really
captured Nala yeah like it's not just
like a black pug that is Nala and I just
I just absolutely love this I want to
put this up in my house thank you so
much Finley What did he say Jay's oh
here's Malhotra if not I really hope you
like is much in person yeah I did see it
online
I always watch your videos and thought
she would be a great subject of paint
thank you so much for retweeting it like
mote most artists I'm full of self-doubt
and that gave me some much-needed
confidence looking forward to seeing
what you're up to this year I hope 2017
is full of exciting things for you oh
that's so nice you have absolutely
nothing to feel worried about your art
is incredible look at this man yeah
painted
so we're just preparing dinner
I need to vlog how you peel potatoes
acidosis this peel is awful I'm like I
don't think most people peel a potato
like that
so then mum showed him how to do it did
you do it do it how my mom just showed
you can either cut myself you're gonna
cut yourself like that I think you may
as well use a knife if you're gonna do
that I think I mean oh no you're losing
it like like what like a penknife
there's a lot of math because Alison's
mom and dad are also coming for dinner
as well which will be really nice and
thankfully we did buy the biggest
sausages we could find so in Reverse
that's how you're supposed to do it
you're supposed to glide in no no no let
me show you hold there oh my god you're
like chiseling it you hold the potato
with your thumb you hold the bottom of
today and then you just glide down do
you say so you've got like that yeah I
can do that why maybe we should switch
jobs you're cuz you're not using your
thumb it's dangerous you're like you're
going away from you but you have to come
towards you okay have another guy life
flashes of Zoe that's it that's it
caffee I'm so proud of you Marie he
prefers his way mom is fine just get the
plasters on standby
and please just unbox the posters oh my
god they're sick sug life xpb so you
guys might be familiar with the Joe and
Zoey face is this really heavy you like
put it down but we had an Alfie fair
look a little stubble so we had an Alfie
face maze there's little ball gaps yeah
from where I can't go my stubble so
these are only these are exclusive
posters so he wears a different color as
well what's the other color again white
okay underneath each one yeah so drove
us ain't there I'm gonna find that Alf
is gonna sign there and we have quite a
few to do so yeah we need to probably
get cracking on that what's funny is
when Alfie bought this because it's for
cats but when he bought this the lady
went oh my cat loves it and now if we
went oh we're gonna see if it works on
our dogs cuz they're like cats
yes and don't know if it works on any
dogs it'll be ours look he can't see it
oh there you go
is so funny yes mommy God what's mommy
go
so mommy's feed so you have to really
slow so they can follow that this is how
you tie them out and everyone is now in
the living room
it looks like I've made mum clear up
looking you like in I've been unloading
the dishwasher and helping I've just
missed literally I only got my camera
out because we're on the last pan so I
was like oh I don't know but it doesn't
like mums just doing everything but she
did do a lot you did help I don't think
we would have had a dinner if you didn't
help me I mean we wouldn't have had any
pudding I bought the cream and the
custard and put the ice cream out I
always like waitress for the evening
so now everyone is chilling in the
living room by the fire it was covered
that my man is she would ace this
program none you should go um it makes
you should be the juicer so you can see
the chase Turner you should be the
actual chaser you could if you're
watching please put my nan on your show
yeah you should do that would you have a
bill under quiz
would you have anyone who opens a church
ain't not a chat you know our game show
like questions generals on edge quiz
shows even pointless mister pointless
manager and if no-one replies this
message it's because you're scared that
you'd suffer
good morning everybody it is now Sunday
and this morning I got up I came
downstairs and my mom helped me sign all
of these so Alfie had already signed
these ones so I've signed those and then
I finished off this one I'm not sure how
many were actually gonna get done before
the shop opens on Wednesday but we'll
see it really hurt my wrist though
because I think signing all my tippin's
for my girl online books sort of screwed
my wrist up a little bit mum said it's
probably repetitive strain something
injury I don't know but my wrists really
hurt in my last weekend vlog lots of you
are teaching I was talking to that oh
yes in my last weekend vlog lots of you
said how did you do that egg thing I
mean it's really straightforward but I
can show you so you will need some
crusty bread I actually had bagels last
time but crusty bread generally works
better some balsamic glaze not balsamic
vinegar some sweet and nutty sesame
seeds which are going all over the
counter some smoked paprika and today
I'm gonna put a little bit of salad
cress on top just for a bit of garnish
it look
nice and eggs mum got these eggs from
where did you get these from mum ah
mummys neighbor my neighbour grows these
chickens chicken eggs this one um is
actually covered in poo he wants that
one so these eggs will be lovely
so eggs and some tomatoes which I've put
a little bit of balsamic vinegar on and
then some black pepper and some like a
cracked salt and the balsamic vinegar
I've used is this one which Amanda
actually bought for me and our feet from
Italy and it is so good oh no this is
like summer fruits flavor
well we didn't realize the reason I love
it is because it's in a little spray so
you can get like on each of the tomato
it's like perfect for that and she also
bought us oh maybe this one would have
probably been nicer basil oil that
probably would have been nicer but I do
like balsamic so some Tomatoes then you
want a bowl of cold water for putting
your eggs in once they have boiled and
plates and that's it really it's very
straightforward but it is it's pretty
much all in the presentation which is
like my favorite bit anyway so I'll show
you as I'm doing it also decided I'm
gonna put a tiny bit of torn up basil as
well just for a bit more flavour a bit
more flavor flav we've got the water for
the eggs it was boiling water because
it's from the boiling water tap but I
just need to get it simmering in the pan
a little ladle to put the eggs in and
out because the last thing you want is
to drop your egg in and for it to crack
and then the egg leaks everywhere cuz
that makes life very difficult first
thing I'm gonna do is put the tomatoes
into the oven for around 10 mins little
tongs cooking away now I'm going to try
and put all these eggs in very quickly
around the same time yes a spoon
they crack sometimes if you pop them out
too too fast they hit a bartender at the
same time oh that's a massive one it's
gonna be a double you boys ECW yes used
to go and get them from that little shed
along the road where you had an honesty
box and you just had to pick your own
eggs and then leave the money did you
ever not leave any money no I did pick
the biggest eggs though I'm a snob yeah
okay X now in there for five minutes now
is the bit where you get your ladle and
you take all your eggs out and you put
them into the cold water to stop them
from continuing to cook and then the
cold water means you can put your hands
in and get the shows off which will fit
we've also now put toast on so we've got
a bowl for the shell but it's also quite
easy to do it inside water and we just
do you shoving all the eggs so they look
like that so mums helping me do that and
I'm now buttering the toast toast is
buttered you're gonna take the eggs 1/2
pop them on like that one it's a big egg
too and then it's time to decorate
little bit of smoked paprika
Samak drizzle
around the plate because it looks pretty
let me see on the top and on the
balsamic drizzle all the way around you
came up to cut the tomatoes quite hard
to cut
and there you go I'm gonna let none a
granddad cut into their eggs though all
that one's like a bit mmm that's how I
actually like them yeah that's how
exactly how I like my eggs have an
invasion of white butterflies they're so
pretty that they're around you granddad
they're giving you a little dance Oh is
he gonna go out nope
yeah yeah that way that way no mums
doing the like but to fly out the door
dance we were just saying how beautiful
they look man right she's just noticed
I've got the camera
no just pretty white butterfly mum are
you trying to blow it this is like that
game you know the one with the elephant
nose or something and you've got a net
and it blows them out it can't relax she
knows my mum has the coolest trainers on
where did you get these from TK Maxx
TK Maxx their children's ones now you
know where I get my small feet from
no issues they say are they've got the
same ones in kid size which is the same
size but just cheese like yeah I'll do
that
I'm not 27 your girlfriend kid shoes why
not pay the more expensive one yeah
that's true save the money or buy be
something else in G bar my girlfriends
there's no I'm actually so jealous of
them that's cool would you like some
dizzy my eyes are watering already I
think I'm having an allergic reaction to
my mascara I think oh but you know what
it probably is because whenever I do my
eye makeup my eyes start watering but I
think it's my mascara cuz on this car is
quite old you are supposed to get rid of
your mascara every three months you
should use a new mascara every three
months and wash your brushes so yeah
maybe I need to put new mascara I've
just realized that might be what it is
you're not letting me see what oh they
really dirty I told you off for that
before mum no and you can really smell
the like see yeah
they can be more opposite if they tried
pitstop
so me ma'am Alfie and honor have come
down along the beach huts snap pictures
this day it's not too windy what's cool
oh they're doing skating round god it
looks so like fluid yeah I could never
do that do you remember me and Alex you
sir yeah should have brought my roller
skate I could do that yeah do you
remember me and Alex used to roller
skate around Lake oh yeah
Alfie did you ever rollerblade yeah are
you good at it can you use like stuff
like that I mean I've never done that
I just did I'm gonna get home and he's
gonna order some rollerblades and some
Coons and he's going to be in the garden
like doing math we are on an ice cream
emission what was it pomegranate no
passion fruit black cherry I'm not sure
about it you tripping or am i tripping
think you're tripping
so he's now over there gave me another
ice-cream of a flavor that I might
actually like I took a risk I've never
tried it before
wrong risk okay Alfie got me a new one
boyfriend points right there we now have
hazelnut and banana and it is the best
thing I have ever tasted
we're back now and mum and Nannan
granddad has just left it was so so nice
to have them here I loved it
oh I'm gonna miss them we're gonna miss
the Marvin on that you're gonna miss
them I need to edit yesterday's vlog and
then put this footage onto it and upload
this that as you're watching this this
is today this is today as you're
watching this that's next I won't
blogging that's not like next day daily
vlogs that's like yeah it's like a
delayed insta story this needs to be
higher get comfy we've reached a very
exciting part of the vlog because you
guys know I like to give you little
sneak peeks and tasters of what is to
come and for a while now I've been
vlogging my office and being like oh I
can't show you what's down there and I
can't show you wants down there and I
still can't fully show you what's down
there but I can tell you what it is so
beauty gifting I talked about this
briefly in my lifestyle video beauty
gifting is when a beauty range comes out
for Christmas time and it's mostly gifts
because tis the season of giving
and there's nothing better at Christmas
and giving like a gift set I just bloody
love working on gifting gifting is like
my favorite thing to work on ever I
think I mean I like working on all of
them but gifting I just really really
love I can actually tell you what the
range this Christmas for beauty is and
what it smells like I can show you a
couple of the items from the range the
reason for this is some of you might
actually be familiar but superdrug tend
to do a kind of what do they call it I
feel like it has a proper name and it's
gone but it's where they test shelf
space and kind of see how things go it's
kind of like testing Christmas ranges so
this range or some of the items from
this range may be going in to some of
the largest super drug stores not all of
them is a very very few but you will be
seeing these products from like tomorrow
so I wanted to be the first person to
share with you kind of the thought
process behind the range the inspiration
what the smell is and what the entire
range is called and show you a couple of
bits of packaging just so you get the
idea but since it is not available kind
of across the UK yet until next month I
don't want to do like a full in-depth
like this is this and this is this
because I feel like it's a bit unfair to
do that like so so far in advance
because for a lot of you you won't be
able to get these for another month but
I didn't want it to be ruined by one of
you walking to super drug and being like
wait a minute what's this I have no idea
what this is so I did want to address it
kind of a bit you know how to get the
good balance so and I want to try and
keep this quick because I've just edited
the rest of this vlog and it's so long
the road is called snow Ella alight the
puns and it was a pun that I had to use
at some point in my life is a fragrance
I have never done before it is a very
fresh fragrance in fact I am gonna show
you the fragrance bottle that's going to
be
one of the products that I'm gonna show
you it I wanted it to be a fragrance I
have never done before it is like
nothing else when you think of snow what
do you think of I think of white crisp
fresh and that is exactly how I am going
to describe this fragrance it is
probably and I know I throw this
statement around quite a lot but I
really genuinely do think this is my
favorite fragrance we have ever ever
done so I mean I hope that you like it
here is a special edition larger body
mist of snow Ella look at this so it's
quite scandi inspired like the designs
with like the little trees and the fonts
and things and it has like a pom-pom on
it it has a freakin pom-pom on it oh I
just love it this scent was without a
doubt the hardest thing I've ever had to
pick in any range ever it took me months
and months to the point where I think
the team SOG was starting to panic
because and everyone to be honest even
my management were like oh sorry you
need to pick so he sent me like this
giant bag in fact if you go back to
vlogmas day 13 not mistake 13 that is
when I picked this scent and it was a
joyous day it was a really joyous day
everyone was very very happy but that
just goes to show you how long these
things are kind of in the making for I
think it's really interesting actually I
do kind of want to show you these some
of these things aren't like this now so
and some of these things aren't being
made like as as I've said before with
ranges like this you start off with all
the products you like but not all of
them can always be made and not all of
them the retailer will want so you could
create something that you're absolutely
so obsessed with but the retailer might
turn around and go actually we just
don't think that's going to work or we
don't have the show
based on that or so there are things I'm
here which we're going to work or we
were looking at doing but we thought we
didn't so I'm just going to show you
this anyway because the designs on this
like these are some of the designs
they're amazing they're really great all
we were looking at this very bright pink
here but we didn't actually go for that
one I always keep these because they
show such a story like I really enjoy a
few these to see how far along things
have come on and how things are changed
and I just thought it might be
interesting for you to see everything on
here may be being made so there's a
little sneak peek I'm going to show you
one more product in real life
rollerballs hello I wanted to do these
for so long so you've got the gelato the
blissful miss ball and snow Ella I'm
very excited about these no Ella coming
soon when it is available guys I will be
sure to do an in-depth video like I do
with all my new ranges talked you
through every single product why I like
it what it's got in it etc etc I am now
going to attach this little bit of
footage on for the end of my vlog and
that is where I'm gonna leave it because
again I've managed to over films oh I'm
really sorry if you hate long vlogs
because and they're not always going to
be this long I say this every time guys
don't think this is the norm this just
seems to be happening a lot at the
moment but I hope you've enjoyed the
vlog I hope you've had a lovely weekend
and that you're all ready for the start
of another week and I will see you again
very very soon
