no guile or yokel or hiding son how do
you bite a Mindy
she's like a lizard you like this a
little bit mama be the mama be cub be
awesome they're missing one II make sure
business it won't spill oh you know
making nervous ouch man oh you've almost
had a lot of 800 G backing out Modi do
you apparently do look lovely Bonjour
so the Grammys happened the other day
and for those of you who don't know what
the Grammys are it's an awards show
where they celebrate the music industry
today we want to actually talk about
what happened after the Grammy Awards a
very talented artist by the name of
Alessia Cara won the Best New Artist
Award at the Grammys and she got a ton
of hate online so much so that she had
to address everyone on her Instagram and
she disabled her comments right but I
don't know if she disabled it because of
this or if it happened before but her
comments are disabled on her Instagram
this is what she said on her most recent
Instagram post to address the apparent
backlash regarding winning something I
had no control over
I didn't log on to the Grammy calm and
submit myself that's not how it works
I didn't ask to be submitted either
because there are other artists that
deserve the acknowledgement but I was
nominated and won and I'm not going to
be upset about something I wanted since
I was a kid
not to mention have worked really hard
for I meant to everything I said about
everyone deserving the same shot there's
a big issue in the industry that
perpetuates the idea that an artist
talent and hard work should take a
backseat to popularity and number and
I'm aware that my music wasn't released
yesterday I'm aware that yes my music
has become fairly popular in the last
year I'm trying very hard to use the
platform I've been given talk about
these things and bring light to issues
that aren't fair all while trying to
make the most of the weird amazing
success I've been lucky enough to have I
will not let everything I've worked for
be diminished by people taking offense
to my accomplishments and feeling the
need to tell me how much I suck I've
been thinking I suck since I was old
enough to know what's sucking men I beat
you to it and that's why this means a
lot to me despite my 180 3625 the
insecure
I've been shown that what I've created
is worth something and that people
actually give a all of the years feeling
like I wasn't good at anything or that I
was naive for dreaming about something
improbable have paid off in a way that I
have yet to process I know it sounds
cheesy and dumb but it's the honest
truth thanks to everyone who's shown me
kindness and support along the way I'll
stop talking now so that was the post on
Alessia cars Instagram and I brought
this news to mama B and of course mama B
always has a teachable moment when did
we become this world when did we stop
celebrating people with talent people
who put their hearts out there people
who give us the best of themselves and
instead of applauding those people and
celebrating the work that they have put
in do you know how much work it takes it
makes me angry it makes me angry because
Alessia Cara you deserve to celebrate
you deserve applause you deserve flowers
you deserve to be told
good job amazing you did it you did it
your dreams came true
you are acknowledged for all the work
that you have put in to your trade to
your passion to your gift this is your
gift to us you are entertaining us with
your voice when you sing you touch the
hearts of people and I don't know when
we became this world that is so free in
giving hate it's so easy for you to open
your mouth and cut down a person and
make them feel horrible about themselves
we all have these voices in our head
tell us we're not good enough we're not
smart enough we're not talented enough
we're not good-looking enough we're not
skinny enough we're not strong enough we
all have those doubts I know it because
I've spoken to people that I had respect
tremendously and they tell me that they
have these voices too and so we all have
these things that were fighting through
and then to hear it from people or the
people who have keyboard courage how
dare you shame on you shame on you for
bringing so much pain to this girl that
she has to stop in her greatness she has
to stop shining in her majestic
greatness to sit down and write a
message to you people trying to explain
herself how dare you be that person that
makes her have to address this and shut
down comments because obviously those
comments are getting to her they are
affecting her and they are making her
stop and take a pause in her journey of
greatness she has learned she's there
she's living her dream this has been her
dream since she was a little girl she's
living her dream and how dare we not
applaud her for that how do we take that
away from a person when did we become
that kind of civilization that we don't
celebrate people that have achieved
their dreams that are living their goal
their love passion and I blame parenting
I'm gonna blame the parents again our
children model what we display for them
they see us and they feel that this is
the norm this is what they should be
doing as human beings and so when they
see us and we are criticizing and
judging and gossiping and breaking down
people in front of them this is what
they're learning and so can we please
take accountability for ourselves as
parents and stop doing this to our
children let's stop teaching them how to
hate we are either going to be part of
the problem or we're going to be part of
the solution and the solution is love
the solution to this world that we need
is more love we know what happens on the
other side with hey
and anger and greed and darkness entire
countries have to leave their homes to
find refuge in other countries so
believe me that is not the answer the
answer is love and when we start
practicing love in our families and in
our homes this is how we're gonna
transform the world and this is how when
we see people achieving their dreams
we're gonna learn from them we're gonna
sit and we're gonna listen to them and
say how did you do that how did you get
there how did you achieve your dreams
can I learn from you can you teach me I
want to be that someday we all have
dreams that we have in our hearts but we
need to learn how to get there and there
are people out there that have done it
let's learn from them instead of making
them stop to explain to us that doesn't
make any sense people we're worth more
than that as a world we deserve better
than that and our children deserve
better than that so can we please talk
to our kids about not doing that to
people can we all sit our kids down and
have a conversation with them I just
don't understand when when this all
happened right when did we become such a
hateful world like this didn't used to
happen in the 80s like we didn't do that
you didn't go on the newspaper and
people were like sending in hate
comments it wasn't so open it wasn't so
free for people to do that to spread
hate easily it's a waste of time it's a
waste of energy and people they feel
like with this keyboard courage that we
always talk about people feel if they
can just say and do whatever they want
without realizing how much that could
hurt somebody and how it could stop
someone from being great there's a real
human on the other side how do you not
have compassion just for the fact that
this other person is human and their
heart beats just like you do we're all
human when did we stop devaluing one
another because I might look different
from you or you might look different
from me when did that happen guys we're
all the same we're all together on this
planet together what affects one affects
us all and so how do we not take
responsibility for each other and and
work together let's start teaching our
kids a world of creativity when a
situation arises you can either
to it or you can create from it and so
this is what I learned at this amazing
class that I took this weekend it's a
leadership course and they taught us
that you have two choices in life you
can either live your life in a reactive
mode so everything that happens you
react and you react and your yeah and
you're doing this all the time and
everything's negative and everything's
like oh boy how are we going to create
from this reactive and creative is
Alessia one how are we going to create
from this well we're gonna get her to
teach young girls what it means to be
able to live your dream and you're right
it's not about numbers but we have
become a society focused on numbers
because we have made people famous for
the wrong reasons and it all started
with a family that decided to get all
plastic surgery and become these
beautiful people but underneath there's
nothing there and we made them really
famous and popular with hundreds of
millions of followers and then other
people that have done things
traditionally ethically morally with
integrity they have a very small
following because unfortunately we have
become a world that doesn't value those
people we value the people that have
done things to be something that they're
not they're wearing masks they are
literally wearing masks and we have made
those people multi Multi multi
millionaires and we have totally
forgotten about the people doing things
authentically if we're gonna go out
there everyone who's watching say
something positive do something positive
even if it's just one thing just go
there even if it's a comment on someone
else's account somewhere else or if you
see someone in person say something one
thing positive one little thing and
slowly we can change the world and focus
on the positivity because we're gonna
feel so much better because of that love
feels so much better than hate can ever
feel I promise you but you need to
practice it every day you need to
practice love go online give someone a
comment tell someone you interact with
that you love them that you
for them that you thank them for being
in your life that they have added value
to your life go out there and find
someone that has positively impacted
your life and let them know that's not
all wait until we're all gone from this
planet to tell each other that we love
each other let's do that today let's do
it right now and you'll see the more you
do it the more you practice love the
better it feels and then it feels better
and the universe only knows one word yes
and so the more good the more love the
more positivity you spread yourself the
universe is gonna match that I promise
you I promise you that is what happens
this is the truth it's a law of
attraction what you put out you get back
to you and so I hope that after this
video you decide to put out love I
promise you there's so much I wish I
could teach so my passion no you know
what it is I'm trying to choose my words
very carefully and what I say because I
have been on this spiritual journey for
years now and there's so much I want to
share with all of you but I don't think
you're ready for it yet I feel like I
have to get it to you incrementally
because I think that if I told you
everything that I feel about us and this
planet in our world anyways I love you
guys I love you and I want us all to be
better I want us all to be happy I want
to see world peace in my lifetime I just
want the world to work before I die
that's my goal the only way for that to
work is to do your part one little step
at a time it'll work we love you guys
jacked my nails are jack I do my nails
you got it I'm gonna do my new meter
laughs and that's when you look at my
mommy they will give us in minutes when
young yeah and you should see her
toenails oh I'm just kidding
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon
the left hand a little fee will pop up
and use it to subscribe if you already
have subscribed please forget everything
that I have just said is my radio voice
bye
