why why why don't you do this to your
tongue so I'm gonna sit in this chair
because we have a new do you guys
support girl I don't care who the heck
you tease I miss you honey
ah whoa oh my god the noodles ladies and
gentlemen welcome to the Korean of fire
noodle challenge times two times two
times we've done this before we've done
this before but I heard that there was a
times to version a nuclear Korean fire
noodles located the package box is that
the noodles there's like five packages
in here yeah there's five packages
there's a chicken holding a bomb in this
one question product of Korea Korea I'm
gonna see all Korea
we're bowing Korean innate and they like
with their hands the monkeys were
actually in Taekwondo for a big you guys
are red tights we've done this before
and they didn't turn out great I
survived the monkeys didn't quite
survive but today last year back
I was more alive and I came back honey
the face that you made when you had the
Korean fighter she was like so today
because we're doing the two times spicy
noodle challenge of mama B and I are
gonna do this who do you thinks gonna
win this challenge mama the men you're
under on on this one buddy the men are
here with the beautiful ladies you are
that's super smart and super strong yeah
and there's barely a man out there there
is a chance that we are going to win
today
two times spicy Korean no no there's
five packages okay but there's a baby
there's a baby chicken I thought it was
like real baby chicken mmm what a baby
chickens no no they're like cute little
baby like baby doll chickens we have
some spicy something here what is this
so what you do is you let this boil for
five minutes and then after that you
take out all the water
except for eight spoons of water and
then you add in the sauce and then you
let that mix around and then you add the
flakes at the end popping it in here you
have a cookie this is what it looks like
right Oh
oh yeah brought to you by noodles mama B
is very patient as you can see I'm so
impatient oh wow that seems to be darker
than the last time we did this oh you
smell it
yeah that's powerful are they like the
little flavor flavor flav's here it is
right now oh I just poured hot yeah I
think we're ready to go why don't you
guys count it down we'll start eating it
and the person who finishes the bowl of
this noodle craziness wins you got to
finish the bowl how you feeling mama Oh
where's my heart trying to raise a hair
time oh you got one
uh-huh it just turned the temperature in
here to like eight hundred thousand
degrees like it's so hot in here it
feels like it's a thousand degrees in
here my lips are burning my mouth is
burning everything hurts my eyes are
starting to water and I have no idea why
anybody would invent something like this
it can be that people eat this for
pleasure that's a five pack there's
someone who eats five of those or
there's five people that eat one of
those so whole family is gonna be eating
these Korean fire noodles times two
which is crazy ah my whole face
oh hi oh it's so hot in here
hey feeling maybe it's not burning
you doesn't it feel like your lips are
gonna explode I feel like my lips are
burning like okay thank you
the cripple huh you're gonna you're
gonna even eat one you do it oh what a
way to start off the weekend Oh No
why are we doing this oh she's waving
the white ship okay she can do it no
more
No Mas I can't mama be two times new
I gotta finish this for the family
alright are you guys watching that's
gonna go work do I drink milk lots of
milk Oh keep going keep going come on
you could do it you can do it okay
mommy's oh that's okay because I know
exactly how you feel
this is double the heat no from last
time never never again huh this is crazy
there's a food now that people actually
oh my gosh when I laugh my mouth burns
you can't don't wanna just stop this is
a challenge guys don't ever eat that but
you already wanted to make me that but
I'm gonna finish it because cuz if never
make the times three I got to try that
too no you're not
don't only if you're an adult but I know
that our Korean friends beautiful Korean
friends they eat really spicy and our
Indian friends eat really spicy and I
know there's a lot of people out there
that are not Korean our Indian that can
handle this heat come on keep going stop
talking there's no way I'm taking even
one noodle oh I know you know you're not
even we're trying kid do not try this at
home I'm done two times spicy Korean
girl my boys do change huh I will never
do that again for the rest of my life
took it like a champ yeah yeah thank you
to our vegetable juices for getting us
milk and water and tissues he'll travel
I can't even speak because my throat is
like crazy yeah crazy crazy crazy please
don't
okay one of the hottest things I've ever
had in my entire life if you've done
this before if you've actually eaten
spicy Korean fire needles let us know in
the comments down below
why why why don't you do this to your
tongue huh this was probably the
craziest thing I've ever done
mama B what do you think
she's speechless thanks for watching
everybody we love you very much
stay tuned for something that's not
gonna be this and my voice just change
cuz I can't feel my tongue anymore
thanks for watching everybody thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little feet
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice bye
