hola hola hola hola como Ava I recently
put out a small clip of the speech that
I gave at one young world in Colombia
and there have been so many messages
from young people who have been inspired
by my story and what I came out to say
it was 12 minutes a little over 12
minutes and it was um one of the most
difficult things I've ever done in my
life
what you don't know is that the day
before I've dedicated the entire day to
writing it I spent six hours in my hotel
room crying because when I relived all
these memories all in one day it was
extremely difficult for me and so of
course I cried I cried all of those
emotions out the anxiety is the fear I
cried it all out because I wanted to
make sure that when I spoke the next day
that I didn't shed one single tear I
didn't want to start crying I didn't
want to waste my time onstage trying to
compose myself and stop crying I wanted
to deal with those emotions the day
before I want to take out that all out
so that the next day I could use my time
to communicate my story so that people
could understand where I came from and
why I understand their pain and why my
level of compassion and empathy is
something that I cannot explain and why
even though I've gone through so much in
my own life I still have love for
Humanity I have love for our world and I
want to make the world better and so
here's my video I'd love to hear your
thoughts
I'd love to receive your comments you
can visit me on Instagram I'm doing this
because I want to build a community of
people who are willing to be vulnerable
I think that being vulnerable being open
being you know not being those people
who try to sell you a perfect life a
perfect life doesn't exist for anyone
everyone's going to go through light and
dark that's the story of our life there
is good and evil light and dark you're
gonna have ups and downs that's normal
that's what we're supposed to do it's a
journey and and through every stage in
life you're going to learn something
different about yourself and if you
don't learn that lesson you're going to
receive that challenge again in the
future in a few years
if you don't learn whatever that lesson
was you're gonna get another lesson and
you're gonna fall and you're gonna keep
falling until you learn whatever it is
you are supposed to learn in this life
we're all just learning we are all still
babies we're learning about why we're
here and what our goal is what our
mission is while we are here on earth we
only have a hundred years if we're lucky
on this planet let's use those years to
become a legend to be a legend and be
known for change you were that person
that made the world better for people
and people will be reading about you for
years and years to come so here's my
story I love you love and light namaste
hi everybody so that's my family we are
known as the a B family and we make
people laugh around the world I have the
best job in the world
I am amongst all these incredible human
beings here who are PhDs and doctors and
they're like what do you do I make funny
videos online and we make the world
laugh I'm born in Montevideo would why
any Latinos in the house hello we're in
Colombia so my parents would kill me if
I go back home and I don't see a few
words in Spanish Agoura dakota gran
oportunidad camión brinda es un gran
owner estar aqui presente con todos
ustedes Colombia es un país que se esta
Desiree ando y mirando al futuro siempre
esta mi Rondo buscando la paz te
felicito Colombia
so my message today to you young people
is that you are capable of so much more
than you can ever imagine so I wanted to
show share with you a little bit about
my history the woman that you see on the
videos making you laugh being silly
being the crazy latina wife which I
think I play very well I wanted to share
with you my struggles and to show you
that I didn't come from privileged I
didn't have an easy history my struggles
started at a very young age I have
generalized anxiety disorder and OCD
which means my house is very clean I am
no stranger to the struggles of mental
health at 6 and 11 years old I was
molested by friends of the family when I
was six I didn't tell anyone because I
was afraid that I was going to get into
trouble when I was 11 years old I sat in
a courtroom full of adults and I had to
explain to them how I had been touched
inappropriately you can imagine what
this does to an 11 year old child the
shame and the loss of innocence my
parents were always very open about
their financial hardships they were
immigrants and they worked very very
very hard so at 13 years old I started
to work and I would sneak money into my
mother's wallet you know how people
usually sneak money out I was the
opposite I wanted to put money into my
mother's wallet to this day she doesn't
know I did that when I was 19 years old
no one taught me how to love myself I
got married to a person who was six
years older than me and who happened to
be a drug addict
one night this man that I loved
put his hands around my neck and started
to choke me and I looked at him and he
was a hundred pounds heavier than me and
the only thing that saved my life that
night was I ripped the chain from his
neck and that's what made him stop
choking me and he grabbed him by my hair
pushed me to the ground and said fixed
my necklace I was divorced by the time I
was 20 I was a student in university I
rented a basement apartment again I was
sexually assaulted by the landlord that
lived upstairs and that was done while
his wife was upstairs again while I was
still a student in university I was
again sexually assaulted by my friend's
boyfriend I never reported it because I
didn't think they would believe me my
first job in the corporate world after I
graduated I was so excited
I brought I bought brand new fancy
clothes I was in this job I was in the
corporate world my boss said we would be
traveling to Miami I was so excited I
said to my parents I'm going to Miami
they were so proud of me when I arrived
I found out that my boss had only booked
one hotel room for us he expected me to
sleep in the same bed with him of course
I quit my job I told him where to put
his job and I flew back home I married a
wonderful patient loving man that you
know as Papa be this is a good part of
the story by the way he is a wonderful
man and he knows my history and he
didn't put my pieces back together but
he gave me the time and the patience to
let me put my pieces back together my
struggles were not over we lost our
first baby to trisomy 18 which is an
error in
cell division the doctor said it was
just bad luck my daughter's name was
Elena my son was one years old and I was
18 months pregnant with my daughter you
know them as the monkeys we were in a
car accident with an 18-wheeler
tractor-trailer we were trapped I felt
alone and scared for my baby that was in
the back and the baby that I had in my
belly to this day I am terrified of
driving but it doesn't stop me from
driving I still drive
after my daughter was born I had severe
postpartum depression and I ended up in
the psychiatric floor out of our local
hospital though financial struggles
continued while the kids were little and
my husband Papa B worked three jobs to
put food on the table four years ago our
lives changed forever
we started posting videos of ourselves
and we went viral our message of love
family and positivity was received
around the world and the response was
overwhelming our family became your
family this woman standing before you
that has been making the world laugh for
four years with her family has a history
of many many struggles but don't cry for
me Columbia I didn't allow the
circumstances that happened to me
to change me to change my purpose to
live my dream of finding my happy and my
happy is making other people happy I've
been knocked down so many times
but I kept getting back up because no
one can take away my determination my
fire to change the world and if I can do
it
you can do it I want to share with you
one of my favorite quotes by Oscar Wilde
it takes a great deal of courage to see
the world in all its tainted glory and
still to love it I have this beautiful
family and we make the world laugh but
it still wasn't enough
we bought our dream home we went on a
cruise
we took the kingdom uncas on a cruise
and I told my husband I am miserable and
he said why this is what we worked so
hard for we have our beautiful home we
have our beautiful family now we can get
to go on a cruise there were days we
used to dream of going on a cruise and I
said how can I have so much when there
are people in the world that have so
little we have been blessed and it's
important for me to teach my children
that when those of us have a lot we have
those about we help those who have less
instead of building walls we build a
longer table so we can all sit down to
eat I wanted to do more because I had to
do more because I know what it's like to
not have money to feel violated shamed
hurt in pain
I've known every struggle and I live to
tell about it so a few weeks ago my
family started a foundation to give back
we donated $60,000 to end human
trafficking and sexual exploitation
I believe that girls and women should
have the dignity of not having our
bodies touched on
willingly
to the Hospital for Sick Children to
providing nutrition education and health
care to children in India the American
Foundation for Suicide Prevention
because as I told you I'm no stranger to
the struggles of mental health to
provide clean water nutrition and
education to children in Uganda Haiti
and the Philippines and of course the
American Red Cross to help hurricane
victims my life and my experiences gave
me an abundance of empathy and
compassion to every human being in the
world I want to empower others to let
them know they're not alone this is how
I took all the negatives in my life and
I turned it into a positive so I can
live a meaningful life and I can sleep
well at night
I didn't allow the darkness to make me
bitter and angry
I chose love and positivity for myself
and my human family can you cue the song
please I'm latina I do everything with
music sorry and this song I play over
and over and over and over when I think
that I don't have the power to make
change in the world I think to myself
I'm this girl who was born in Montevideo
Hawaii I'm an immigrant my parents were
immigrants I come from humble beginnings
so I ask you beautiful magnificent young
leaders from around the world ma fuerte
porfavor dalla con la musica eso
what is your purpose what if fear didn't
exist what would your life look like
what is your definition of a meaningful
life what is your legacy you want to
leave to the world what will you be
remembered for I am living proof that
anything is possible my wish for all of
you today is to travel the world less
traveled you are not alone I wish for
you courage faith resilience the ability
to connect to your higher self be your
own hero and then go out and be a hero
to the world
yeah
give a voice to the voiceless and as
Steve Jobs once said people with passion
can change the world we are all powerful
beyond measure now call you beautiful
young people go and create with courage
and change the world thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little theme
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
is my radio voice bye
