I can't wait for you open up these gifts
a shaver what is this for no no hold on
I was just joking yeah it was just our
gift to dad sometimes just these
presents they get mixed up you know
right dad
thanks guys I appreciate that thank you
so much for that for that gift no the
other gift is actually yours
that one right there all about you so
what do you think who is this for oh
that's actually mine thank you sister
for getting me that wish from me to him
thank you these present a just stop
killing mind sorry about that that was
not yours you sure you don't want me to
have this look it's that big one there
that one's yours
baby I can't wait for this one
scale thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little thing will pop
up and you get to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice
