Hey
what rhymes with man cake miss miss
knowledge yes how's it going everybody
found going you asked for it and we're
gonna do it today it's the pancake art
challenge Christmas edition yeah oh and
what better way to celebrate Christmas
than to make a pancake art challenge I
don't know like have a Christmas dinner
with your family like put up a Christmas
tree maybe and make pancakes together as
a family all right let's do this
you guys know the rules I'm gonna show a
picture and the monkeys are gonna have
to make the pancake arts out of it yeah
and we'll see you guys let us know who's
the better pancake artiste you guys
ready for the first one yeah the first
one freestyle a candy cane candy cane oh
he's being he's being creative we got
two different styles going on here first
I'm making with the outside we got the
little play-by-play here we got miss
monkey she's drying this outline of the
candy cane and we got mr. monkey who's
actually getting creative with the
inside of the candy cane yeah I'm going
for kind of like a festive look I'm
going for like a Halloween look because
I miss Halloween so much but how we go
back to me
oh I miss all the candy and the cavities
I got from you we got a green and black
and pancake colored candy cane
I got a rainbow not a rainbow but like
got ready to get counselor I know right
this is like the time where I just start
breaking into song oh flippety-flip my
lips I dip dip potato that looks nice
okay we got the flicks in three two one
reveal the candy cane whoa yeah I like
mine better too thank you you guys both
made great candy canes right so what did
mr. monkey Oh was it miss Marri yeah I
would definitely not eat that what you
guys have put 85 pounds of food coloring
no matter here we go I want you guys to
make the ugly Christmas sweater all
right
the less skills you have the better of
this one I think both very different
skills again one is starting with the
outline the other one is starting with
the in line if that's the style the
inside dashing through the snow on a
one-horse open sleigh yet both sweaters
looking pretty lit miss all right all
right
oh look at that flip three two one Oh
Wow Wow look at mine man mine as a
Christmas tree on it and it's got like
daisies hanging mine's got ugly
ornaments on it three two one whoa
decorations and then it's got like a
Christmas tree mine's got some ugly
lines on it they're beautiful they're
both there you see where the lines are
pure mr. monkey sheep they're very nice
they're like very lining and you miss
monkey I've got haze I've got some grain
Christmas tree decorations that you've
put on like your fireplace or they know
the stairs and then I've got my
Christmas tree with red ornaments
hanging from the branches and it's just
a casual white sweater like we're not
getting kind of like the winter sort of
feel in it you have perplexed your
mother and your brother right there
good job monkeys let us know in the
comments who won the ugly Christmas
sweater pancake off you guys ready for
the next one yeah yeah
ladies and gentlemen Santa Claus
both monkeys starting in different spots
one monkey starting with the Santa hat
the other monkey is starting with a very
festive santa clauss a face I'm going
for the fortnight Santa Claus look
people hold on excuse me excuse me we're
filming here if you wanna go get your
Christmas it's Christmas and we're
having a family
oh sweet cookies okay yes but it's a
Christmas tradition that we make a
youtube video all right we're back the
monkeys the monkeys are definitely not
arguing over their designs and
everything is just hunky-dory here while
both very nice-looking Santa Clauses
what's your fun what am I gonna throw in
the face with that looks pretty amazing
no because I can't use white as a beard
it's gonna get darker so now you can put
a fresh batch of white on it and we'll
be
French aid is nice and big bin jala how
jolly is that it's stuck
uh-oh I think mama be recovered it a
little flippity dippity look haha as you
can see this is a very peaceful
tradition that we have here in the B
family household making pancakes all
right
very nice guys time to reveal Santa
Claus in three two one
there it is yeah yes yours is upside
down
so I went for the little Santa version
and he just came back from a trip so
that's why he's all taryn here so yeah
very nice I've got a nice big jolly
Santa Claus right here and I ate his ear
I mean he's not his ear sorry let us
know in the comments who wouldn't this
challenge for Santa Claus next round
you're a mean one mr. Grinch his head is
very soggy his hat oh it's hat we got a
dirt bag ring your return beep mr.
Grinch you're a mean one
no your rub mean one mr. Grinch no wait
a second Grinch is doing very termina
Papa so he's very focused so dictor it
man you guys are both focused oh look at
the flip yeah he has a unibrow the
trash-talking has commenced with the
Grinch off we got the signature pet she
may have burned her fingers right now
you almost destroyed your Grinch
oh ok my Grinch looks amazing time to
reveal your grinches in three two one
you guys are mean ones whoa how did my
look mr. monkeys Grinch there
is up close and personal guidance what
do you guys think limited-edition Grinch
right there and we had a little mishap
with this Grinch but it looks like we're
gonna be okay because it looks like
green she took a golf club to the face
on that route in the comments probably -
as you can see my eyes okay this is it
from I want you guys to make your best
3d pancake Christmas tree all right
green so you guys don't have to fight
over the green okay have you guys seen
those Bake off's where they make those
like 3d cookies and I feel like a
Christmas tree cookie yeah well there
you go I'm gonna start the base being
big and then I'm gonna go smaller
smaller smaller until it's the smallest
and then a little I can't tell you
what's gonna grow well right now this
looks like really bad dessert that was
like really really poorly made I'm here
today making some pinky Christmas trees
basically pancake cookies so I'm gonna
like make them in there like pile them
up yeah then you cannot copy me I will
put confectionery sugar as no awkward I
don't know if I have confectioners sugar
but
how about you let them actually cook he
doesn't do anything sexy pancake hi know
my jokes are on fire and that's what
she's so hot he's gonna burn your time
to reveal the pancake art 3d Christmas
tree there we go yeah that what is that
there's just a stack of Pankey is it a
hamburger
those look like cookies the challenge
was how bakers as well like they they
also make cookies as a thing but the
thing was Christmas trees but I decided
to make a tree out of Christmas cookies
but we're gonna bring mama B here and
she's gonna be the official judge of
your Christmas trees mama B what do you
think of the Christmas trees there's
something special about mine till this
is actually supposed to resemble a
starfish because I know mama loves the
beach
oh goodness the points on that one Wow
we do you have anything special to say
to your papa
to my mama yes this tree is made out of
cookies each one of these cookies
represents my love for you so if you
were to count it Oh probably a billion
thousand hearts thanks for watching
everybody let us know in the comments
down below who won this pancake art
challenge and if you want to see
anything else let us know we love you
guys Happy Holidays Merry Christmas
Happy Hanukkah happy anything that your
stomach wanza happy we're happy
everything all the way around the world
and speaking of love guys I made
something special for Mama - I made look
at this mama B I mean I made you a drink
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little theme will pop up and use
it to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said is my radio voice
