okay we are ready to go to
chuck-e-cheeses today we're gonna have a
blast monkeys are you ready for this
we're going to check your cheese's
because it's the holidays and sometimes
it's hard to find things to do with
these guys because they're home from
school so we want to go somewhere where
we can spend time together it's
convenient it's a great holiday getaway
for the whole family we play together we
spend time as a family it's just fun for
us and we're competitive family so we're
gonna have some fun today we're gonna
play a little challenge when we get
inside we'll explain this challenge and
chuck-e-cheeses has a promotion going on
right now so I'm gonna link it down in
the description below with the promo
code so you guys can check it out bring
your family bring your friends have some
fun you guys ready the challenge is
almost ready to go everyone's gonna get
50 tokens each we're all gonna play
games and the person with the most
tickets wins
everybody's tickets but I think we all
know who the baller is in the family me
whoa whoa we got a lot of thumbs I was
looking for only one thumb you guys
ready yeah all right go three two one
she's already
here we go classic alley roller this is
the game I played when I was a kid I was
a champion I'm a champion now watch and
learn everybody these guys the key is
not to hit 10,000 right away the key is
to take it conservatively play it take
it easy you know
the next game we're gonna play is the
jumpy game
it's challenge over these are my tickets
here this is what I have I had some
inside my pouch mama B what he got
inner thigh not bad not bad do we go
about the same right here all right miss
monkey look a guy she's oh oh she's
doing she's doing all right all right we
got some okay we're missing somebody
here though we're
nice slow clap as promised this is yours
big winner congratulations
we had all kinds of fun today
big wieners this is awesome thank you so
much to Chuckie Cheese thank you so much
guys if you liked this video please give
it a thumbs up thank you guys as always
we love you be safe be happy be awesome
be awesome and have fun with your family
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little theme will pop up and use
it to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice bye
