hello today I'm gonna be singing or
doing a cover on grace van der waals
beautiful thing and I have started
playing ukulele for two or three weeks
now
I love the ukulele I messed up like my
other fingers so I'm just gonna play
with my thumb right now until my fingers
are covered well let's get started let's
you know my and you probably do stay
with you for our sinan MZ broom and get
bored and never have nothing to do
you're my other half you will makes me
me makes me smile when I fall down and
came back without you here I am pouring
something inside you here's trigger
makes me myself makes me funny you're
beautiful thing
Oh gonna be alright if we ever got into
a fight over that would be bad cuz you
know all the my secrets but then all of
yours make now it's three in two seconds
to make the weight of the world feel
like the feather cuz we're holding it
right in my hands you might never happy
what makes me makes me smile when I fall
down without you here I am pouring
something inside you is trigger makes me
myself makes me find me your beautiful
thing
gonna be all right here with me forever
will forget we had been told will live
in a dream world you of me
in Seoul we will take on the whole world
without to hearing something inside you
is trigger it makes me myself makes me
fight me you're beautiful and that's
beautiful thing thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice bye
