you call that presentation Oh
today the boys are gonna make unicorn
fudge have you ever made fudge no but I
found recipe today we're gonna be doing
something very special I like eating
stuff so so it's good stuff two things
eating stuff making stuff and baking
stuff and cooking stuff yeah and I like
unicorn stuff I think this is gonna be
the best of both worlds right here we're
gonna be making unicorn fudge we're
gonna be adding some sprinkles we're
gonna be adding some food coloring
retching they throw in some Oreos so
that's gonna be a little special treat I
heard from the instructions it's pretty
easy so we're gonna do this and
hopefully you guys can make one on your
own at home and then share it with us
okay super easy you don't have to bake
you just have to throw things in the
microwave mix it around mix it again
stick it in the refrigerator and then
BOOM
voila you've done fudge we have a
special guest judge and you guys don't
know who it is but it's gonna be a very
special judge none of us know who it is
a very special celebrity judge celebrity
judge all you need four fudge is brown
sugar half a pound of butter some white
chocolate squares some condensed milk
and some patience and some spoons for
mixing and pen let's get this going so
we need half a pound of butter so we
basically cut this in half half a pound
right here two cups of brown sugar
that's one cup not sure if you guys know
this but mr. monkey over here makes the
best chocolate chip cookies sold I think
in an upcoming video if you guys want to
see mr. monkey make amazing chocolate
chip cookies let us know the comments
down below we'll get them to make some
make some giant cookies for some ice
cream sandwiches oh yeah I think so
there's one cup two cups of brown sugar
okay we got a brown sugar we got our
butter what's next monkey
can of sweetened condensed milk we sell
butter and sure you can't go wrong with
that very nice now we're going to do one
teaspoon of vanilla
is that a tisp or atavisms it's just
nice and now we put this in the
microwave do we right now that we have
our mixture we're going to put it in the
microwave for 11 minutes but for every 3
minutes we're gonna mix it alright a few
moments later while the mixtures in the
microwave we're mixing every 3 minutes I
think we're gonna get to crushing some
Oreos this wasn't in the recipe but come
on you gotta you gotta put some Oreos
and stuff all right
chop chop chopping you want to try
something eventually we make an unicorn
fudge this is it how do you guys eat
your Oreo cookies I eat it like this is
what I do I squeeze it I squeeze it
anybody squeeze it like this I open it
hmm interesting
this is baking if there's no baking
involved we've pulled out the mixture
out of the microwave out for about 11
minutes it's sizzling it's nice it's
creamy and now monkey what we do we add
six cubes so one two three four five six
nice five six should we add two more
yeah alright let's add two more oh yeah
very nice this is our first time
actually making this so we are actually
as excited as you are to see if this
actually works oh yeah we're mixing in
the Oreo cookies the fudge is brown
because I think fudge should be brown so
yeah we thought it was gonna be white
but we forgot that fudge is actually
brown yes we got our mix it's brown
because it's fudge yep but that's okay
oh look at that oh my goodness
I don't know what a celebrity judge is
gonna say about our unicorn Bunch
yep stay tuned for a celebrity judge all
right we have the fudge with the Oreo
cookies now we're gonna put a couple
little drops of food coloring all right
there we go I think that's good a little
bit of pink a little bit of blue let's
see what happens
blue pink and brown okay
the sprinkles are gonna help all right
we're gonna get some sprinkles on this
what do you think
but is that unicorny a little bit now
let's let's definitely corny oh you have
potential yeah now we're gonna go put it
in the fridge and wait hold that it
works and hope to the gods
2:10 put in the pan and refrigerate for
6 hours I'll give you two yeah and we
need six hours kidding me by my own
fudge man for 6 hours 6 hours
how much fudge for six hours 8 pounds of
fudge for 6 hours 2 hours later
ladies and gentlemen the celebrity chef
Olga LaGuardia why do you seem so scared
of me why do they look me in the eye
why are your lips so glassy trap stick
by your make so glassy because my lips
are chapped that has nothing to do with
the fight all right boys what did you
make you of today well today we made
unicorn and Oreo fudge
that's fudge this is fight yeah yo
unicorn fight unicorn unicorn fudge yes
it doesn't look very unicorn to me it's
going sprinkles on it and we have pink
and purple colors fudge this looks
pretty good but they don't know about
that thing gonna work it's because we
thought that the fudge was no
compromising here we gotta like glam it
and then make it look like a unicorn
I thought the pleasure is gonna be white
but it was brown just look okay it's a
little bit uneven I think that you could
have done a better job cutting it you
call that presentation oh did not give
me a bit it looks like diarrhea but it's
nothing like a thousand calories
get up here boy watch me eat this piece
of garbage
all right I'm trying to choose the best
piece doesn't even look that good my
Oreo cookies how do you think you are
told me okay it is brown look at me when
I anything son
you think this is so fine so fine ha ha
ha grandma's gonna try to fight
why did it look like that no it's
actually pretty good thanks for watching
everybody I hope you guys like this
video if you did like it please give it
a big thumbs up and leave a comment down
below if you want to see some more
baking or if you want to see some more
Olga LaGuardia oh yeah yeah all right
guys we love you thanks for watching
we'll see you again soon on the next
video who knows what we're gonna make
stay tuned another surprise delicious no
it's not I'm gonna shut it
no the mic is on we're good now the last
time it was off so we had to refine any
different you don't know thing is none
of me thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice bye
