ladies and gentlemen welcome to guaranty
welcome to another episode of pancake
Marty Charlie today the challenge is who
can make a hamburger out of pancakes
we got the bread the meat we got the
avocado lettuce lettuce tomato
we got the ketchup we got the whatever
you want to do with the red what else
and we got the cheese you guys know what
you're gonna do and there is no coffee
even if it means all you're inspiring me
whoever has the nicest looking
cheeseburger wait wait you guys let us
know down in the comments who wins this
challenge I'm excited because it's not
going to be just one like picture it's
gonna be an actual 3d yeah or Dean
that's gonna smell like pancakes
alright well I'm gonna make all of my
toppings first put on the plate and then
assemble them so this is going to be my
pickle and my lettuce mr. monkey what
are you doing first the bread of course
we have to take precautionary measure
mints if your bread is one size can't
make an eensy-weensy little lettuce we
have officially filled in the first
bread how are you gonna get it out no
because then I'm gonna fill it in
because you know they have those like
random spots on the pickle those spots
I'm gonna pickle those like two random
things I just wanna I'm gonna cover over
it so it doesn't have to I don't have to
struggle I can see you oh there's the
booger bond but don't touch my buns that
looks good pickle come on don't look
like a pickle it looks like
everybody likes the GC baby we don't
think can we eat eggs after sure let's
go to cheese Rosa all right we got one
monkey no
all right so miss monkey you got the
pickles and you're working on your
cheese that looks like real cheese
that's like real cheese you know what
that probably has more cheese
ingredients in it than actual process
this is going to be my kitchen oh yeah
cut the corner my teeth watching this is
the only time in your life that you can
actually cut corners never cut corners
in your life oh oh guy guy
like a little got it and mr. monkey what
you got here we're gonna make some
lettuce can you please pass the green
please yeah oh snap one's making a
lettuce the other ones making the bun
she's putting some sesame seeds on that
you know what mine is gonna be a
seedless one you know why I don't know
anybody need the state of their lives
that's burning my ketchup is boring oh
do usually you put lettuce cheese and
then tomato or lettuce tomato and then
chance let us know in the comments go by
whichever way you want it to be I'm
gonna grab a moment oh we got lettuce
done lettuce you can flip my letter
three two one oh let us see what you're
doing
no no yeah that is a perfect sweater you
got there no it's not I'm gonna make my
tomato oh those are some good-lookin
Tomatoes you got there nice
Wow
all right we got more Tomatoes happening
it has to be cheese tomato lettuce and
bacon sure you know your boys making
some tomatoes for his good oh that is a
massive one big tomatoes going I'm
making grilled lines on mine so that I
can let it cook and then color over it
why is that so like what is that that's
a lot of ketchup
it's tomatoes no big bacon bacon
oh that style 3 2 1 oh well there's some
grill lines there's like no reliance are
you breaking me you go so I'm making a
beet dad now we're gonna make the bottom
but well I'm gonna make the bottom one
my Bacon's looking pretty good son
thank you
what eat that it's like a spiking bonnet
everything I have an idea of one thing
that I can do and you can't copy this
idea I'm gonna make I can't tell you yet
I can't tell you guys yet I'm sorry my
morning No oh that thing that goes on
the top how are you gonna stick it in my
voice oh really
header look pretty pretty good do we
have any knives wait Amy a nice
why do you need a knife why would you
need a night
now your onion rings are burning oh yeah
they're burnt maybe that's the next
video wearables huh
like earrings pancake wearables earring
pinky clothing let us know in the
comments if you want us to make pancake
pancake necklace pancakes you pancake
rings and cake bracelet and agate socks
from your local cut those of your store
with are we still doing this challenge
yeah
monkeys begin assembling your burgers
you already assembled your sandals right
all right so that we're gonna we yep
lettuce okay
meat that's got a little grill marks the
cheese and then as if somebody were to
go whoa money Oh baby because Stickley
now my little tomato you're a little
cucumbers you okay I mean my little
pickles and then mmm and then Wow well
that looks very nice look Kurt that's a
very nice burger you got there Miz
monkey thanks dad son you are up you've
already assembled yours oh wow you guys
have made some amazing cheeseburgers
right there would you see what's inside
of my bird yes sir so carefully put this
knife away we have bread bacon lettuce
tomatoes meat and a fun nice slow clap
for the monkeys hashtag slow clap here
did you guys made your hamburger slash
cheeseburger would definitely buy this
at a drive-thru I would definitely go to
a breakfast place and order a pancake
burger oh yeah
okay taste this one go how does that
taste
can I have some maple syrup I'll get you
some maple pancakes I will get you some
maple syrup thanks for watching
everybody let us know in the comments
what other pancake art challenge you
want us to see the holidays are coming
up let us know we're always listening we
love you guys if you like this video
please give it a thumbs up and now the
monkeys are gonna give me a piece of
their burger no one oh ooh this smells
great thanks for watching everybody
please do like subscribing ly to comment
down below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
it's my radio voice
