I'm going to Iraq I'm headed to
Kurdistan I met a woman her name is
Tobin and she runs a woman's Center in
Kurdistan for women and girls that are
victims of Isis so they're starting a
boxing program for these women 20 years
ago I was actually got a boxing
instructor I used to train in Muay Thai
kickboxing and I used to fight in the
rain see you when you come back yes you
will it's important to me to teach my
children that it's okay to get out of
your comfort zone because you will be
impacting not only yourself and growing
who you are but also impacting
it's exactly what I imagined
I'm still pinching myself I can't
believe I'm actually here either I can't
believe we're here together the one year
exactly
but your name Roseanna makes more sense
of the lotus flower center for women and
girls is this was the first place that
we Center and actually it's crucial
because it's the most active one we've
got lots of projects going on here this
this Center is used very very well so
the plan is that all of these lovely
ladies are learning boxing that's the
newest program that they're introducing
here and and I know a thing or two about
boxing anyone has the courage to put
these on and spar with each other and
smile say own they're ready excited I'm
really excited
so when you're punching it's like you're
punching through the wall I'm going to
spar with Mohammed which is their
martial arts instructor I believe he has
training in karate right I think I can
take him I think I could do it you're
going downtown my friend oh yeah
okay like that so this is like a great
cultural barrier but actually you know
we've got lots Kurdish female fighters
so we're used to having my fighters but
not actually bringing sport and missiles
break a small boundary seal in there a
little sweet there I mean hey Hadji
market I'm Calvin booked solid in the
hand of sahaja yoga can be fast we can
watch YouTube star live there go go go
go go go go the true mother places girls
and Wyndham gone through is immense
boxing is extremely good for mental
health
it helped build confidence empowers them
it's a form of exercise that releases a
lot of stress
and it kind of channels all the anger
and the feelings that they might have
suppress them in a very tight a in a
very structured good way I think the new
boxing coach
we are going to my new friend Nora's
home we're going to enjoy some tea
together we just had a fantastic lunch
and I'm gonna see her home and hopefully
meet her children
I purchased a Mathemagician balcony Raja
can come in Dominica dear Sally I'm very
sorry that you lost your husband
chocolate chip in mind they're beautiful
kids so I raised my daughter to be very
strong and very outspoken what is it
like for you to raise a daughter that's
12 years old how many km have to Sally
one is destined mature da manha d ha ha
the salami no this I don't want to ask
them questions like I want to be very
sensitive so if I can get any guidance
I'm doing
she was seven years old
her daughter was seven years old and she
was forced to marry six Isis fighters
each one will take her for a period of
time and then sell another one so for me
and has she gotten any counseling to
help her cope with that
she was married to six different men she
was raped by six men and you can just
tell by her body language her shoulders
are very closed off she's so quiet and
her eyes are just I feel like they're
just empty I have a daughter that's 12
it's hard to imagine
the two opposites in our world where
there's people who have so much and
people who lose everything I'm still in
shock I'm still I cannot believe that
that happens in our world
I will never forget that family I just
want that I'll never forget any of these
women I will never forget this
experience
you've gone out of your comfort zone and
you've you've thought of the other women
first you know you're a mom you've got
two kids it's something hard to kind of
leave your comfort zone and go somewhere
that's really unknown so I admire you
for that thank you
I know you said that you need $40,000 to
start the new center and I would like to
donate half of that Oh
so as soon as I get home I'm donating
$20,000 to the lotus flower it just
feels so right in my heart oh I got you
girls got wife I found my soul sista
that's right
