today we're gonna make something spooky
something scary
something crazy we're gonna make unicorn
pumpkin needs so the first thing you're
gonna need for your Preqin is white
acrylic paint and you're just gonna
paint all the entire pumpkin so let's do
it as petals can hold that for you sir
can I hold that for you sir
fit the entire thing like even the stone
just keep painting just can you painting
and it doesn't matter how you paint it
can be crazy creative and set something
on your table so that nothing gets
ruined day yeah your mother doesn't slap
you lightly it doesn't matter which way
you paint how you can have fun yeah just
have fun and make sure that all of your
pumpkin is painted don't feel like okay
guys I'm finished picking like my
artwork hi mom be at beautiful oh yeah
oh yeah bless you no no no no no I'm not
oh this is someone oh yeah we're missing
the entire front bulb so we were just
about to finish this up it looks very
why yes it's very white
and we're done this is the exact same
pumpkin as you can see from the previous
step yeah so nothing has changed we just
painted everything yes and here's the
next step we have here it's called
extreme glitter glitter Mod Podge it's
like an extreme glitter coating with
glue in it and you just paint over top
of your pumpkin that is previously
painted with white so it gets a little
magical up in here in our veggie
paintbrushes please and I'm just keep on
painting that is like a big blob of
montage so is that glitter glue yeah my
punch extreme glue it and now just paint
your pumpkin until it is all glittered
camera doesn't really show too much
glitter but trust us there's lots of
glitter in here as you can see oh yeah
that extreme close-up on the glitter
oh yeah and just keep painting until
your entire pumpkin is covered in vodka
Lodge or until you're satisfied when you
think you've got a decent amount of
glitter on your unicorn it is not yet to
the unicorn it is still a pumpkin it's a
newborn it's still developing I might as
well just hold it alright so we are good
with the glitter next what's next
alright next on the list is the unicorn
horn for this unicorn horn we're gonna
be using a model magic so it's kind of
like the same thing as play-doh but it's
more slime like you know now I'm saying
we got purple and white clay whatever
that thing is so that we can make it
more magical see record minute so now we
have our model magic here and I will
show you guys what this is and what it
feels like oh it's very very stretchy
alright so this is what the model magic
looks like it's super super soft it's
it's very very stretchy so you can
stretch it
right ahead a bit alive it's super super
stretchy and you can poke it sort of
what's next is we have to make the
unicorn hole you can use some model
magic so you roll it out onto like a
little sausage well very long sausage
you grab a skewer you can get a skewer
on your kitchen or wherever you can find
a skewer you kind of make a little bit
of a poop emoji so you kind of wrap it
around on the skewer so I'm gonna get my
white model magic I'm gonna roll out a
thin sausage I'm gonna wrap it around in
between like the creases that divides
the mono magic to swirl around like a
unicorn horn and I'm saying model magic
please send us like boxes of model magic
if I say mono magic one whatsapp you got
owe me some money after you have
finished your unicorn horn wait my self
to do the outside yeah it's gonna look
good it'll make it look better and
magical but that wasn't in the original
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna put it
over and as I said before in here yeah
this is nice to go down in the corner so
now we have to stab the horn from the
score in to the top of the head right
there and then you step in there I want
to keep this under my chin for the rest
of my life model magic please sponsor
this video
well now that your horn is not finished
that's right kids it's not finished yet
we need to put the glitter to spaz this
horn up a bit you know the same as thank
you thank you I'll pay you later
we're just going to paint the horn so it
looks very magical let's do these kids
and then it's got a painted get a fair
amounts of this it's kind of like when
you get that sparkly nail polish and you
gotta like dab it on it so that it all
goes on dab it on and then you should
have a reasonable amount because you
need to make it look really shiny shiny
and then just keep painting your horn
until your horn is fully covered
you gotta get it perfect gotta get get
now that we've finished covering our
horn with the glitter up next is the
ears so years the what you're gonna need
is some paper foam what I'm talking
about is it's not some construction
paper it's like I don't know I'll
explain it but you're gonna need this
you're gonna call the foam snow you'll
need a full sheet just found that out
dang it works perfectly on the backdrop
selfie so we're gonna do the outside of
the ears is gonna be white and then the
insides gonna depict so what we're gonna
do is you're gonna get two sheets of
foam sheets yes so shut that one brick
and then you're gonna like make a big
rectangle fold it in half then cut this
outline all right so now that we have
our outlines of our ears we are going to
now cut a big long rectangle fold it in
half and then cut our inside of the ears
so then we'll have two insides and then
we're gonna get a pin put them together
and then stick on our ears they're gonna
look so cool what I'm gonna looks so
good
well as you can see we have we have made
the ears very quickly and we use the
pins now what we can do is we can pin on
because we have pins and sharp things
around you might want to have a parental
unit around just for supervision in case
you know never do this home alone no not
the ear the next accessory for the
pumpkin which is going to be the hair so
I will go and grab the hair and then I'm
just gonna clip this onto the stem just
got to put it to the side and then I'm
gonna get one more this one oh right it
is right on for the eyes here we have a
phone sheet and we're gonna be using
this foam sheet to make the eyes or the
eyelashes so just cut a semicircle and
then cut a C and then place it on like
that like it's like that and then you
can put on eyelashes so let's get to it
so it's pretty legit we're gonna peel
off the back now and then stick it on
we did it hey I did it we did it we did
it we did it we are ready for Halloween
we're ready for Halloween oh thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
leave comments down below if you like to
see any more craft videos please let us
know in the comments and please watch
all of our other videos so that you can
catch up on some 80 families you don't
say yeah I'm sorry Shane and dad is good
now help us clean this up floor 6 please
oh no 6
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and you get
to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice
