they sell unicorn ice-cream in a store
you know today we are going to make ice
cream in a bag the monkeys don't believe
me when I told them we're gonna make ice
cream in a bag what did you guys say you
don't need an ice-cream maker you don't
need an ice cream machine or anything
fancy you just shake it in a bag with
all kinds of fun ingredients you can
find from home so today we're gonna make
unicorn ice cream the boys got fresh
haircuts dad's got a fresh cut yeah
whatever's left
Oh anyhoo we have the ingredients here
to make ice cream in a bag two cups of
half and half cream 1 cup of kosher salt
yeah sometimes we call it course you
know what we call it course salt dad do
we need salt
course we do two tablespoons of sugar
measuring spoons sweet goes 1/2 a
teaspoon of vanilla extract and a bunch
of bay a bunch of bags very large ziploc
bags and we have smaller bags yes and
the smaller banks are gonna go to the
big ones and of course you need ice put
these bags and fill them with some ice
that's a big bag where'd you get that
from big mart
your one-stop shop for everything you
need so we're gonna put half the salt in
here and then the other half in this
baby yep we get rolling while the
monkeys are doing that I'm gonna prep
the bags with the ice cream ingredients
well they're filling up
the salt and ice I have these two bags
here that I've prepped inside the bowl
so we can pour the cream and the sugar
and everything nice sugar this is a
tablespoon but in case you don't know
so two tablespoons of sugar okay no nice
and now two tablespoons in the other day
they're ending being a rending name half
a teaspoon of vanilla extract
okay in each bag half a teaspoon in your
bag and half a teaspoon in your bag nice
okay this is where the magic happens
they're gonna put a couple of drops of
food coloring in here because that's how
we're gonna get our ice cream - unicorn
eyes and now they have to shake the bags
of ice cream for a half five to ten
minutes
this is my work sure okay okay so we
have a parent just leave the room to go
play video games let them do it or
homework they sell unicorn ice cream in
the store you know mommy's gonna cut it
for you guys and you guys gonna for it
like a soft-serve let's see if this
works guys oh this one got really firm
oh it's working oh look at that
how's the blue house the blue oh that's
nice Wow Wow
the blue one really works unicorn
ice-cream bag can this can this be like
unicorn poop ice cream yes yes yes look
at that
unicorn ice cream ice cream okay guys
see first try it ever wow that tastes
like ice cream dude look guys it
actually tastes like ice cream it does I
have to tell you I didn't think it was
gonna work
Magne put the full enchilada the full
enchilada okay I gotta try the fulsome
idea
guys seems like this is ice cream with
magic it's magic Oh
unicorn poop ice cream is that unicorn
food ice cream yes so we got some
unicorn poop on the counter there great
success thanks for watching we love you
guys
if there's anything else you want us to
do let us know in the comments we'd love
to do it I think this is a great success
guys oh yeah whoa thanks for watching
everybody we love you guys and now I'm
gonna go enjoy my ice cream do you see
we just made ice cream right here thanks
for watching everybody please do like
subscribing ly to comment down below if
you haven't subscribed yet please click
on the icon on the left and a little
theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
