toy reviews three times fast toy review
toy review toy every toy review
everybody are you ready for something
you've never seen before
miss B are you ready for something
you've never seen before yes I don't
know what it is okay you've heard of
squishies you've heard of plushies like
you've never heard of shiny's amazing
plushies with sequins that is so
satisfying to flip up and flip down
which changes colors so you Jimmy's has
two different tones this is Oliver the
owl and I have Delilah the dog now look
at these guys
each shimmies comes in two-tone and
these are sequins that change colors
when you move your hand through the
satis finances here let's show some
satisfaction on camera
I've never seen anything like it and
look this is a this a narwhal or a
unicorn that's Maggie that unicorn whoa
okay here's our lo the narwhal oh it's a
little pig oh it's like a golden pig
okay
I like these toy reviews these are long
for these ladies I want to comment down
below if you want us to do more toy
reviews the toy reviews three times fast
when you play every toy every toy you're
through you say early 2012 you twitter
view toy boat toy boat
let us know in the comments if you can
do toy review Target or even three times
fast
yeah these are like okay so these come
in three different sizes and guess what
I have another size to showcase have you
seen this never even know
check this out you think these are lit
you think these are real it do we still
sail it yeah Wow gosh even the tail off
for the narwhal zoo coins sequin
sequined D Quinn I've seen shirts like
this I want to get sequined pants yes or
no no
you've seen the regular size with the
smaller size and now be prepared for
giant ears your jerk oh look I can do I
think I drew like a llama or something
I'm gonna like a challenge we could
totally do a challenge but first we must
make some music
perfect perfect music music not included
of course that was special editing
involved okay I have a challenge
challenge yeah okay so one person is
going to draw something on their shiny's
and the other person is after is gonna
have to guess what they drew I'll go
first
okay okay this is for you this is a
special secret message for you can't
look at it oh I'll play the harp lawyer
okay ready three two one okay that's
enough okay all right now it's miss B's
turn to give me the secret message on
her shiny's and I Manny's on the pink
side because when I draw with the blue
it'll stand out more alright I'm gonna
play the harp now while she's drawing
her picture you can have squishies to
pass the time you can have a fitted
spinner and why not a chemise ready yes
I'll show the camera are you ready three
two one of course miss Bea is gonna have
to get me with the guide on even in a
toy review video she gets me with the
godom yeah I have an idea okay hello I
draw you and you draw me okay I'm gonna
go Andrea and you guys decide in the
comments down below
who drew each other better alright let
me see your face hmm okay you got some
funky hair you know what's funky here
whoo I don't have a lot actually you
don't have any hair I have hair leave a
comment down below if you think my
daddy's hair yes I have hair you know
this is fun man you could definitely
have these things at parties
are you ready no no I got your hair like
okay three two one whoa you did that to
my face yeah Wow okay well here's your
face I did it I did like a body no guys
here's not that you okay guys let us
know in the comments down below who has
the best shimmies design here alright
guys these are the shimmies they're
available in three different sizes you
can find these shimmies at Walmart and
online at shiny's world.com so I'm gonna
link to them down in the description
below
and guess what before we go I don't even
know what he's doing I'm gonna cover my
eyes
wait Jimmy's here follow us on our
Instagram locate our AV family Instagram
send us a direct message in there that's
the easiest way to communicate to you
guys pick a winner we're gonna pick
random winners from their messages some
of you lucky guys are gonna get some
shitty sent to you so do that don't
forget to follow us guys we love you
guys so much if you like this video
please give it a thumbs up if you want
us to do another toy review let us know
in the comments down below but for now
we're gonna give these away except for
this one thanks for watching everybody
please do like subscribing ly to comment
down below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
it's my radio voice bye
