are you guys ready for this no no no you
don't know that song either
ladies and gentlemen welcome to another
edition of pancake art this time because
you guys asked us it's gonna be mama
versus papa pancake art challenge no one
else back yeah he did look right there
see that that's just a random comment
big time challenge right now are you
ready for this all right so we got team
ponytail against team team braids all
right all right hash tag team braids or
hash tag team golf shirt backwards hats
let us know in the comments who wins
this challenge
Wednesday's sister of the year who
bought you that shirt you don't have to
buy your own sister be you nominated
yourself sister of the year Chico say
the first picture for y'all's pancake
art challenge and miss Finch
alright care because I might pop up so
just open it carefully there you give me
the defective bottle I don't give you
the defective model you saw the tour no
cemetery here
your hands are all Jack what's going on
no Bowl I like that you hold it like
this like that that's the way to do it
we got this mama it's really bad what
excuse me my spongebob eyes are bulging
oh I got this funny ball pants okay I
gotta get my what do you think one get
pace let us know we got the best puns
Bob here's mama beat no I didn't
sabotage it not and here's mine right
there what do you guys think let us know
in the car
I don't have a white color but you
didn't need to let others make the
actual batter make the actual matter
yeah common sense a few moments later is
it laughing crying or crying laughing
emoji I think right emoji I'll let make
the tears first and then put the other
side around the tears why does it look
like a default leg girl under Olivia
will you just say it oh here we go
do you know what I know you know what
way what way you can look at honeycomb
well art is what you make it art is what
you make it and I'm a nothing little
Bella I love singing more flipping
draaga artists that sound oh yeah what
do you guys name is a thumbs-down poor
you haven't even seen my beautiful know
what I'm saying nice yeah what do you
guys think put some white in the middle
of your tears up close and personal a
beautiful mama be right there
all right let us know where did you put
this point bottom you guys ate this one
you know which food coloring isn't that
he made an excellent point let me talk
to you about my point of view for food
coloring okay if we were not supposed to
put food coloring in food it would not
be called food coloring it would be just
called coloring so they want you to put
food coloring in their food but do you
know how much coloring I put into these
boxes do you know how much coloring you
need to turn pancake batter black do you
know how much coloring can kill you I
don't look at my top copy I have a whole
new respect the pinky gorgeous color is
key the exactly know as much as I love
Collins key he's just the same as us
when it comes to pancake art I'm telling
it right now I'm talking about those
Instagram pancake artists my brows a
little constipation I'm gonna drop it
shut up now mine looks like a baby's
poopy well I decided to come
oh you gonna flip it I get turned off
the heat on this smells really good guys
sounds really good
alright my poopy emoji is almost real
you want to see that your poop is very
cute look at that there's mama bean I
told you I'm not good at this
guys what do you think let us know in
the comments who's gonna eat this poop
hey Ellie fellas it's not bad pancakes
yeah so I'm gonna hurt you it see it's
not poisoned pop aah
this is from dreamers do what
look at the head but it's not I don't
know
Oh what do you guys think see it looks
really good from this angle which one
yours yeah yours looks really nice what
do you guys think you can done let's
take a molar no it's a W looks like it
alright Wonder Woman logo you're always
gonna be my Wonder Woman I'm gonna feed
you the one whoa okay guys last one
final rounds are you guys ready for this
well it's art oh are you kidding oh okay
here it is one two three and don't
cheese she made me why is my face too
long oh that's not nice long as hair is
on fleek this is throwing a workout yeah
Wow yours looks really good pepper sorry
baby girl your head is like much longer
than everyone else you're just cute Wow
mine looks like a two-year-old meeting
no hate you you're a hero all right got
the family here okay
all right you're ready for the reveal
three two one man yo there it is what do
you guys think about that Wow
how are you let the hair
you give your daughter a moustache oh
that is avant-garde whatever avant-garde
means what is that one guard me what are
them on guard me guard like
forward-thinking people regarding fuck
okay guys I hope you enjoyed that
pancake art challenge parents addition
to one if you guys liked this video
please give it a thumbs up
tell your friends oh but you might have
a very thing to make what are you gonna
get use its gonna give it something back
is this piece of bed that's a mighty
nice B you got there thanks for watching
everybody and remember be strong be
brave and be happy thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little
things will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
it's my radio voice right
