oh my gosh hahahaha those Griffin Smiths
and there's a mother-in-law I had Ginny
Weasley one night at my online notice a
Barney right welcome to another taste
testing video this episode trying Harry
Potter related candies trying Harry fire
candy alright let's get started
monkeys closed your eyes okay open your
eyes
exploding bonbon as you can see they say
exploding bonbon they kind of have like
an orange II kind of wrapper or outside
let's go and try it out okay Wingardium
open Oh Oh Winnie OSA so they look like
any typical candy then we're writing an
article in chocolate feel like little
boy child no and then let's take a bite
mmm
it's orange it just exploded pop rocks
inside
pop rocks I'm just gonna pray for help
in fish away hmm
RunAs and you have that Oh Rocky very
nice okay I'm opening your next baggage
open your eyes chocolate brown in each
and every one of these you can find a
wizard card one of the rarest ones is
Dumbledore right hmm I got it
thank you thank ya
Oh so here's a packaging three two okay
so let's see Whitaker we got Roman a
ravenclaw these cars really cool 3d when
you move them from side to side we are
not letting public take a bite yeah what
about writing for gigabyte no no my
Lords by a really smart is your horse
vitamin I want to use my son how's that
see chocolate solid Tucker okay alright
I'll take a girl anybody not a horse
bite thank you
coming up next we got missing refugees
with me no idea what everything would be
is it looks to me chocolate made with
chocolaty fizzy all right okay open them
or something little something you need
to do something in chocolate Oh Sarge
make it go some in my belt stopping this
Carrie I measure is going to do with a
scale one well they look like little
bean who's gonna get without always B's
how was it it's like a nice little
crunch it's very very thin I love it
know what fruit mmm fruity chocolate
it's very thin hmm alright next up we
got peppermints hellos peppermint toads
this one
alright let's get this baby open rocking
along animal a filling is busy with the
peppers are like peppermint whiskey's
there is what a peppermint toad looks
like they look right there I love
chocolate
nevermind chocolate thank you
besides like does it look green on the
inside no they're just really miss it
these are my favorite so far
translation next candy jelly slugs
what is the jelly flood I have no idea
fuzzy good can I eat it how Ron eats it
how does Ronnie jelly boy like me he's
got no heat anything oh oh oh it was
like are these gummy they're so jelly
like it so stretchy okay stretch no
monkey no scale far they can stretch
okay so far holy moly
it's so jelly thank you
you guys are so cute you guys count down
all your taste test
that's the weirdest texture I've ever hi
I wouldn't I wouldn't want to eat this
on the Hogwarts Express nope nothing
they don'ts me for gaining okay oh I
like it
that's like this isn't taste like
anything I don't know how those kids man
I taste it
Oh thumbs up or thumbs down thumbs up
because you know acquired taste
I'm kind of right here right now I'm
ready I'm in there I think because we've
had a lot of gummies and these creators
oh I'm going to give it like that a
little funny where the way little funny
way over the dummy slug all right it's
Vic next one we are back with some
chocolate fudge why the chocolate
flavored fudge fly say that three times
fast travel so much much spice trip like
request request dress places these are
like the physical is being a peppermint
toe Jeron with the same packaging and
they all of the same applied life of a
flies inside safe are you right or you
think oh it's just solid chocolate all
right you know it's budge you're doing
the noise would be knows yeah
let's say you get the flavor is no not
like that
alright alright you guys need to take a
fight I mean I open it we interrupt your
regularly scheduled program with tasting
Harry Potter treats with dancing mama be
okay chocolate cauldron here eight
monkeys are going to try the chocolate
cauldron first what do you think I just
talked about we need to see the hollow
is there anything on top of it with a
tape light Martha no okay what are we
gonna mince on Tommy it's just Chuck
hollow hollow chocolate this top is
marshmallow with chocolate and the
inside of chocolate Hollow is that
peppermint or is it just like a regular
chocolate just like a dark chocolate
would you like to try some my mama be
mama be get to get some of the
marshmallows oh my goodness how is it
respectively meaning oh yeah it's
awesome
do you want to stay for the last candy
all right thumbs up or thumbs down for
the chocolate color guide thumbs up are
you ready for the final candy
yeah the cola don't know
every winner be very cool stare friendly
praying for Ebola River by the plane bag
every flavored beans at all right stand
ready for everybody
my goodness brave all my flavors being
okay so apparently these are like bean
boozled bean I don't know which came
first
hey ball it's game for being exposed all
the buisness because of the book okay so
there's different flavors there's vomit
rotten egg there's earthworm there's
bogies which I guess is boogers
watermelon and you're going to stick in
your mouth reach you in the bag and grab
yourself a beam I'm gonna grab my sister
I feel nice soon with a red one I gotta
read to and you got a red one too okay
I'm good
I got like blueberries too I don't
finish a little bone oh yeah so much
money you got blueberry mama B I think
you got earthworm ah what I'm flavored
much would you get I got anything you
got synonym and every berry I got
boogers that horrible here mama B I'm
gonna give you something really good no
you're not I got candy floss mama B this
one is nice this does not taste good
I'm waking you up in the middle of
integrity no it's a good one it's a good
one I promise
mama be discussed sausage this one is
earwax this one is take a bite
what's that tastes like black pepper
bean Oh
oh my gosh I won't do anything to make
you matter
hahaha ok I hope you guys enjoyed the
hairy flutter expanded taste test let us
know in the comments which one of these
candies you've tried which one do you
think is your favorite I'm going to give
mama B to D 30 now because I feel back
very here tutti frutti mama B to D free
garden thanks for watching everybody
please like driving leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little thing will pop up and you get
to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice but
