welcome to another squishy video
really we don't need a drug for the
split video
today we're gonna be doing guess that's
squishy with a special guest me dad my
dad and shout out to Kauai squishy shop
for hooking us up with all these some
details down below we're gonna have the
link to their website and they sent us
these packages and I am blindfolded so
I'm going to pull out a squishy and I'm
gonna hand him a squishy and he is going
to guess what that squishy is just by
feeling it that's a hand squishy for
sure guaranteed all right so let's get
started so I'm gonna pull out the first
fishy I'm not going to tell you guys
what it is you will be able to see
because he's listening right now that
sounds like a crunchy sweet we're
starting off with a hard one okay are
you doing the crispy the crunchiness
because I think I really like the
crunchiness that sounds very squishy did
you take it out of the package yeah it
sounds like you did are you doing that
the finger stuff but the squishy people
do this squishing hey can i squish it
okay this feels like a turtle it's not
this it's not a turtle nope oh ears
these are ears yeah these are it's
upside down
yeah good scruffy face so I think it's a
grandpa squishy with hair and a scruffy
face no okay this is a monkey how did
you know that because the monkey ears
is it a monkey it is it's a monkey cake
aa monkey cake and it's very squishy all
right next up so this one has words on
it
that's an elbow no that's actually
aren't oh oh okay this is this is really
squishy feel around the perimeter the
perimeter this is a heart cake okay it
smells like cream vanilla and chocolate
it's nothing to love what is chocolate
it's a chocolate heart it's a chocolate
heart hey I would strawberry coating on
it yeah very much good luck okay
naturally okay so far they've been very
squishes slow rising they're all pretty
slow rising what's that guy's it sounds
like everything else did you squish it
doesn't know if you guys like this
squishy or the crunchy sounds better
I love crunchy sounds it's not a cake
I'm just telling you that it smells
exactly like the last one freckles no
it's like jello but creamier jello but
creamier yeah and you put it in a little
cup and you eat it with a spoon
mmm yogurt nope okay go to the P
applesauce pudding okay what this
pudding it's got a cute little face on
it look at that guy's all right there is
pudding I know my next next next next on
the agenda the squishy challenge
what is that that sounds like a big bag
of squishy okay there's some leaning in
going on I think all these squishies
they almost smell kind of like peaches
and cream or butter cream I know exactly
what this is I have it you have it the
bird no be able to feel like feel like
that ah yes this is a waffle cone very
nice here is this the proper squishing
picnic yeah I guess so you're doing a
pretty good job we got no ok now you're
over squishing it and I you look like
these are the latest the latest
squishies fan squad list please don't
it's an animal that's all I'm gonna give
you okay it's a bear it's a bear every
single squishy animal you've ever
received was either a panda or a bear no
it can also be like a narwhal or like a
whale or something this is a whale no
this is not a way out we got some
crunchiness some squid genius they need
scissors to open this ones here it's an
animal it's cute it's a frog no it's not
it's an animal it's cute it's a panda
bear no it's not you can appeal it oh
this is really smooth this is my squishy
feeling stance this is a whale you guys
is it a whale check out this whale guys
it's got like flames or like really
fleeky eyebrows eyebrows on fleek for
this whale
Oh hold on oh yeah let's pretend let's
pretend this one is like super weird but
it's like super kawaii don't I'm not
looking hey guys is this super kawaii
let us know in the comments super-quiet
like so quiet hiatus
oh my gosh shout out to so kawaai
shuttle banana and like all those other
squishy squishy crew purple bananas so
kawaii and squishy four two one two four
eight nine all right what we got what we
got I'm hearing squishies this is what
it sounds like when I squishy
okay can I try the squishy now
yeah it has a keychain so Oh be careful
oh so hard
okay is this another enemy no it's in
your mouth hmm
in my mouth yeah this is a big time no
but you said it's in my mouth if in in
real life it's a tooth don't put
switches in your mouth guys hashtag
warning alright next squishy ooh
this one sounds fancy
sounds exactly like every other squishy
no showing these things in my ear oh
well I know what this is it's a
watermelon case does it smell like a
watermelon no no it's you know what it's
not like every other squishy I'll give
you two great hints this is an animal
okay and I already have this one it's a
panda bear no it's not it's a bear how
does it have four ears those are not
yours bunny rabbit like it doesn't come
out during the day it sleeps during the
day no it comes out at night what noise
does it make I'm not telling you what
come on so easy it's an owl you got it
it's an owl Hey it's so cute that's
bright in here okay it's so kawaii it's
a go
malabi you're so cool I love this so
much she's so kawaii one day you're
gonna be in love too you know one day oh
yeah you're gonna be cool it's big
is it a massive one that's it mama V how
big is this kawaii squishy it's so nice
mama B give me a little hint no it's
pink let me see it's kawaii it's pink
it's a squishy you know what this is
it's a ketchup bottle
it looks like an accessory oh I know
what this is you know like in the car
there's like the cranks that like turn
the engine Hawaii makers you guys are
missing out on engine parts I'm just
saying is this the way you squish it
it's you know please don't please it's a
desert it's definitely a wedding cake
you got it it's got little melons on it
those are little orange slices you know
what I'm gonna make a cake one date mama
B do you think you can make a cake one
day and put orange slices on it Kauai
would you do that all right okay I don't
even know if it's the mantle or not but
I already have it it's a panda bear it's
a bear it's a panda bear I said I don't
it's a whale is it a whale will you give
it away if you make them crazy what is
it what do you would've bet
are you guys trying to actually figure
out what it is and you guys are not
blindfolded how are you guys not
blindfolded and you guys can't figure
out what this animal is you get it wrong
if you hit me with an ice-cream we're
gonna have a ganger problems call it
first of all I have never felt anything
like this in my life it feels like a bag
of eights okay every time you hit me in
the face with this squishy I'm gonna
wake you up at 3:00 a.m. and it's not
gonna be for a slime video why don't we
do videos at 3:00 a.m.
okay this is a unicorn I have no idea
what this is that's my other guess let
us know in the comments what this is
because I have no idea I love you bad I
think it's over now I think we're done
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
it's my radio voice bye
