what is what does this mean with the
airplane are you honestly asking bill
not to do your homework I think she is
sponsored and approved by Nintendo hey
guys today we have the Nintendo lab and
vehicle kit and we are joined by Bill
Nye the Science Guy that is me I am he
but here's the thing there's a piece of
cardboard cut precisely by the machines
that we can fabricate and use your
Nintendo switch to make it they're just
cool toys and I hope they're going to do
a little competing
so in this box we have a toy car car
Twix on plane and it's wake on submarine
right these are instructions so cool the
instructions are on that car did you
disobey please welcome to Nintendo with
the Nintendo lab oh it also comes with
instructions to build the koi concrete
and we will put it into the joy column
holder so do you guys want to make the
pedal nest with a pebble yes the pebble
will you see is the next layer in the
box
so we're gonna need to be up the big
piece that this D has right there you'll
control the toy con pedal with your foot
try stepping on it to check how it feels
this is my foot I'm using as an example
room room desert she added those sound
effects yourselves pretty dirty so it's
like it's not like every touch it you go
like all the way down and like smash
into a wall no the whole pedal is
complete
it's like to check that our pedal
actually works the left Joey Potter will
bring it to life so here you go guys
left Oregon push the pedal all the way
down with one hand and hold it there and
you will see that there's an opening for
you to push in your joique on the toy
con petal is ready step on all your life
all right there we go
good job guys we finished so here's the
pedal which controls the speed of all
sorts of vehicle and now if this were a
cooking show we would say here's one I
prepared earlier but even though it's
not a cooking show here are some we
prepared earlier these are toy con
creations the suddenly this is your car
with some levers control some twists up
here some steering very cool that is the
joystick for you laughs airplane of your
toy common creation trigger just you
yeah you cuz you don't want to have a
video game flying machine without the
able to shoot stuff so this controls the
speed of any of the vehicles airplane
submarine or car it's really fun to
assemble let's go for a people yeah
yeah yeah I think this is the perfect
timing for Mom be a puppy to jump in
right now because you know Bill Nye the
Science Guy did all the tough work with
the monkeys and thank you so much for
doing that because now we're gonna play
the grown-ups think see they okay we
just can come in and click but you're
this for me the fun of assembling the
piss there wants speaking about losses
this is where the competition starts we
got these toy con creations we're gonna
play some adventure we're gonna have
some fun and guess what guys we got a
slot car battle what are you gonna be on
Bill Nye steam of course alright it's
gonna be team bill 9 mama B versus the
monkeys James
these guys are a little preoccupied
right now but we're down here playing
adventure that's one of the games from a
Nintendo lab vehicle kit we're gonna
show you a little bit of gameplay now
this is where you can become a car you
could be a submarine you can be an
airplane am I talking too much Bill Nye
besides no because now we're in
parachute fun
so the parachute works because air has
mass this particular parachute is a bit
of a wing it will have hydro pressure on
the bottom and on top
science see if we can settle onto the
bullseye okay so they're switching the
joique on controllers and now it just
turned into a car so I'm going to turn
hard right or not run off the cliff you
feel the vibration in the wheel that's a
dust devil over there so mister B right
now is controlling the gunner or the
cannon with like the airplane controls
and mr. Bill Nye is driving right now
with the gas pedal and the steering
wheel so basically with adventure you
can go around all over the place it's
kind of like an open world so you can
fly you can drive you can go in a
submarine but nurse via one of the
ancient dinosaur
well can you can you fly through the ice
so close
she's got it she's got it she's got it
it's so real it is great this is
cardboard I know it works everybody
there's an association in the joint on
controllers you know what I armies means
infrared right over the cactus plant
thing that's in here she's a grownup
she's driving a car oh go to the water
what's up marina hey mr. B can you hand
the submarine control so now the wheels
are flirts take your key out put it in
here no yes and look how we have someone
i trolled the thrusters with those
things on the side so that's a giant sea
creature oh there we go
okay so the monkeys are playing the slot
card game right now and right now it's
two players because we have two foot
pedals one came with a Nintendo level
vehicle kit and the other one intend to
supply for us however you could play
four players but we don't have two more
foot controls Oh mr. B here's some we
fabricated this is a notebook with some
sponges under it and we'll slide one of
the controllers in there guys check this
out with sponges you can actually press
down and it'll act like a foot pedal
like an accelerator pedal and then this
one this is PU fabricated this earlier
this is the traditional song the
car accelerators you can accelerate by
going like this all you do is what the
controller hold is I happen to have
another left in my pocket and then I'll
be driving another car once we had two
more cars so if you don't want to use
your foot you can go like this or maybe
you're not able to use your but you can
do this we're using the gyro sensor
which is crazy sophisticated thing you
had a couple cars and you do it with the
right controller
the cars are operate with the left
joique on all right here we go
hey why for I guess I'll find out 7:3
mr. biagas player 1 miss B's player -
yes all of these player 3 and mr.
Henderson is here for second place mr. B
- the league we got to see in second
place
mr. beaches weather slot cover we go
everyone go it's a professional gamer
and in blue green houses once again
these tight turns on this star-shaped
course and everything is fine until a
professional gamer goes running off the
track and the mother catches right up
they look like they're pretty far apart
but there goes professional gamer in the
stands coulomb√≠s catching up
guys we're gonna do some details down
below thank you so much to Nintendo for
providing a Nintendo level vehicle kit
and thank you Bill - sighs thank you get
to the tango thank you you want to see
any other challenges or if you think
that Bill Nye the Science Guy should be
doing the kids homework from now on let
us know in the comments down below we
love you guys thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left-hand our little
feed will pop up and you can subscribe
if you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice right
