today we're doing something we have
never done before we have family fun
days we go bowling we go to the movies
what else we do monkey random dance
parties have you ever golfed before no
no we're all beginners well we've done
mini-golf and stuff
today's family fun day at top Dolph died
not all heroes wear capes guides mama D
was a little bit nervous coming here
because she's never golfed before and
she thought it was gonna be intimidating
look at the kids so I'm not as
intimidated anymore but I love that
there's families I think we're pretty
much first time golfers so I'm excited
to see everybody swing today you guys
have your golf grip oh yeah yeah is it
right here okay now we're off to our
babe we're all set up Risa my face no
not ba ba why our golf base that's what
we're gonna eat the donut play some golf
learn the swing eat food dance I want to
eat more food whoa nothing
you get it right in
the ball knows that miss monkey is
shooting right now I have no idea how
this worked but when she's in there and
she shoot anal tracker look at that wow
he just hammered it going all right my
name is Beck I'm the director of
instruction here at pop all part of what
I do is tell people get better with the
gloves me so I think that we've got a
lot of work that we can do here
so let's kill ahead a lot of work well
we're all beginner advanced active I
think I know what I'm doing I'm going to
show you thinking I like your they know
what I'm doing there you go good okay
have the night plus a plus from the
teacher I've only been in this class for
like 30 seconds it's not over with them
it's not over yet basically you've got
to take a swing like there's an intruder
in the house you just oh I can do guys
all those PGA Tour's I watch on
television it all makes second of all
those PGA Tour I think yeah yeah
you get in about it look at that
do you lose points if you dab after you
take a shot no I think I think that's
plus ten look what I said they said a
plus ten yes it's a plus you said to
plead some epic music now
okay what would be your favorite food
here Russia I also like the chicken
notches especially at the add bacon oh
nice yeah the moo shu this is the mushi
this is also my favorite mushi tastes
that Golf Club
you got the golf clap for the Moose yeah
I'm up I'm going to wave my club over
this Center that if ball is going to
come out this little sensor in the ball
it'll know that it's me that's shooting
so attracted 55 yards right in there and
is it a random dance party going on guys
you know what I know you know
Wow we have to step up a random dance
party game I gotta go have some more
mushi
you got it
I would give you extra points for
dancing that's for sure
are you ready for some amazing done at
home Bavarian cream raspberry and
chocolate and what you do you take each
injector and you just take off the top
and they're going to inject every single
doughnut holes individually and you can
try any flavor you like barbarians the
barbarians the barbarian barbarian
screams
there you go whoa
all right now let's try to perfect yes
how's the Bavarian Creole Barbary monkey
did you inject thanks how is it
you know what they remind you here oh oh
this is chocolate can you imagine can I
take a moment for the chocolate lovers
around the world stop their classmates
the doctors in
Oh
Oh
how is that I want to do that still
better ground
oh this is full of jelly
now I know why there's a net there
because when you eat a doughnut you just
fall back and the net will catch you
alright loser cleans up later how was
that family Alice oh so much that was
much fun
and because we're first-timers they gave
us a coupon $10 off your game play when
it's your first time at top doll so I'm
going to leave some details down below
for you guys to check them out thank you
so much TopGolf for everything guys what
was your favorite part probably the food
and the actual golfing my favorite part
was playing Jenga angles all right
mummies and party dance party for sure
was the most epic dance party I've ever
been a part of let us know in the
comments where we should go next because
we had a blast here and we're ready to
go anywhere else
we'll come here town let us know where
you're from leave it in the comment
maybe we'll come visit you guys thanks
for watching we'll see you again next
time
boom thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little thing will pop
up and you can subscribe if you already
have subscribed please forget everything
that I have just said it's my radio
voice but
