Oh
okay okay ready
I think we're on we're on all right nice
okay what do you want to talk about we
have more than six seconds I don't know
what to say we have six seconds on the
on the vines but you're on YouTube you
can say whatever you want so you do
anything you want to say
Wow
and tonight we celebrate three million
family members I never would have
imagined hitting 1 million family
members we have three thank you for
seeing our lives and subscribing because
3 million subscribers is a large
milestone something we really appreciate
you and without you guys we won't be
here right now
I want to say thank you to everyone
because this is a huge milestone not
only for our family but for the family
that watches us out there thank you for
stopping us out in the streets for all
the love you give us for freely giving
us hugs for saying things like thank you
for the video that we post it's gotten
you through some tough times thank you
for telling us to never stop what we're
doing because the world needs more of it
thank you for telling us that we inspire
you to spend more time with your family
to be better parents to be better humans
so thank you so much for all the love
that you've given us I hope that we've
given you a fraction of that same love
back we have very much enjoyed sharing
our lives with you we want to inspire I
think that we all need inspiration in
this world and we have just learned a
lot in life we've learned a lot as
individuals as parents as a family and
we want to show you what we've learned
along the way and so this is a huge
thank you to all of you not only to the
3 million of you but thank you to the
Future family that's going to join us as
well we love you we thank you and we
can't wait to party with you fire yeah
it's time to party it's time to light up
this quiet neighborhood of ours
guh no one's gonna suspect the fireworks
that we have tonight we are ready to
celebrate long as you guys come with us
let's go
firework we have one that says awesome
and we have one that says wow you guys
ready are you my full stick all right
let's do this and we have one here that
says insane are they going to do insane
laughs this is a grand finale
you guys ready let's go are you ready
for this no it is so quiet right now
who's not going to be okay nobody's here
except for us for well and you guys
watching this is for you guys
la familia in a few seconds family we're
going to light up the skies you guys
ready yes take them up pretty good times
come up are you pointing it in the link
open
that was Wow okay that with wow it's
imagine insane bro alright okay we just
like the party alright the neighbor is
quiet for another two more second
this is and this was called awesome Wow
look at the size of it
do you see that yes come back to safety
movie okay mom re are you guys ready for
insane and then after that we'll do
decision this one's insane again it's
pretty insane okay I don't hear anybody
my neighbors are learning what the
neighbors are currently glowing well you
know help lay up they calling the Popo
it's time mama B you ready for this
great night beautiful face in you should
do that every night we should do
something
can you imagine alright so it is it
pointed in the right way
yeah point it up okay this is a insane
we just let off some crazy fireworks
guys celebration it's time to come
together it's up to you what's your
pleasure
okay come in time to keep look at this
mess don't worry we're gonna clean it up
I mean everything as it was yes
well hope you guys enjoyed that
fireworks display we need to go before
the police come we love you guys so much
thank you and we'll just continue making
you laughs making ourselves laugh having
fun we love you guys thank you
okay let's go for the police come yeah
y'all haha yeah y'all thanks for
watching everybody please like driving
away the comments down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little thing
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
is my radio voice bye
