welcome to the floors love a challenge
scooter edition we know how much you
guys love the floors love a challenge so
today we're gonna kick it up a notch
with these scooters thank you so much
for viral run okay these are Vegas right
here these are two-in-one scooters yeah
okay you can have a bike or a scooter a
story they're automatic not manual so
you can just be like hey guys what's up
going to school see you later check us
out you press this you do that and you
do this and there it is right there
boom you got yourself a minibike
okay guys this is the floor is lava
challenge we set up an obstacle course
inside the gym mr. B do you want to do a
little demo
I would love to first off we are going
to be riding this bike over to this side
of the box we're going to want to get
over and climb on to the scooter because
of nerds level we cannot put our feet on
the ground so that's right we're going
to be using the scooters to do a
maneuver around the hill
all the way straight alright everyone's
got their helmets
safety first okay safety first let's go
I predict I'm gonna win this challenge
by the way whatever I know I'm gonna win
this so right now I'm just unprepared
and I I just wanted to say thank you to
all my sponsors and thank-yous everyone
who came out to see me and I love
everyone so much and I love you guys
ready 3 2 1 go
alright you gotta get that kickstand
let's see if he makes it holding on
with the time with the times 1/t 131 one
minute and 31 one minute 31 seconds okay
miss V Europe what's the strategy just
go hard no matter how much it hurts and
just push keep pushing
we're all my microphones here's one
microphone there you go make a bow it's
gonna be pretty frustrating trying to
get over those boxes but I'm just gonna
try my best
aye sir your fist is in my favorite and
yeah so let's roll
oh okay in three two one
to this box
whoa I feel very proud of my sister she
has surpassed my score but I don't feel
sad because I know that she is very
athletic and a great all right guys so
far we got both monkeys that went
through it now there may be some spots
where your feet touch and it's not so
hot so you guys let us know in the
comments who was the official winner
with the time and the styles the style
points touching lava points taking
safety into consideration yes take it
yes because you can't just ram into a
wall or into a box you got to be safe
here okay so who's up next oh how do you
feel about this are you are you nervous
or worried you're you're a tough act to
follow
I have to save you represent a girl
power very very well and I'm gonna try
to do you and females around the world
to justice goal mom's mom three two one
go
very careful there we go 108 108 good
job Wow I gotta beat 46 seconds easy
this is gonna be easy and this is gonna
be the most accurate floor is love
because I know you guys you guys came to
see a floor is lava video right so we're
gonna be as accurate as possible you're
um I'm an adult here I got my helmet I'm
gonna have to go a little bit harder
don't try this at home I am a
professional stunt man right here does
anybody want to interview the champion
before he gets his medal today is the
most important day of my life I've had
important days in my life like night the
first day I got whoa someone's running
into mine all right you know what I'm
gonna continue my victory speech when
I'm done all right let's go speed two
one go
definitely taking consideration
we're at the hungry son it's a proud day
because I want
you guys have fun yeah wow that was
awesome
floor is lava scooter addition first
time ever no we've ever done this before
this is crazy well thank you so much to
viral rides for supplying us with the
scooters thank you for looking at
something of a gun thank you I'm gonna
leave some details down below so you
guys can check them out too and one
scooters you can't go wrong with these
you want to ride like a scooter or you
want to ride like a mini bike super easy
thank you so much for watching and let
us know in the comments who officially
won the floor is love a challenge was it
miss B was it mr. B or was it the real
champion safety first everybody we love
you guys let us know in the comments if
you want to see anything else if you
liked this video please give it a thumbs
up we love you guys until next time
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand our little feed will pop up and you
can subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said
it's my radio voice right
