are you monkeys ready for a show
yeah so I just got back from the YouTube
creator summit the monkeys missed it so
I figured I'd show them what they missed
I tried to capture as much as possible
the YouTube creator summit is something
that you can put together every year and
youtubers get invited they get together
they learn lots of things they get to
discuss all kinds of things that are
happening in the industry they get to
meet up lots of parties lots of fun I
captured as many moments as possible and
I hope it makes sense so monkeys you
guys want to see yeah I'm already
excited to see okay so this is the hotel
that I'd say that and it is pretty much
all recycled materials shower
Dwalin cute so I'm here at the YouTube
creators summit for the next few days I
miss my family already and hopefully the
monkeys don't get too jealous why would
I be jealous you're meeting all my
favorite youtubers why would I be
jealous
special delivery from YouTube oh I love
surprises
okay
oh my goodness
very nice never drops like town
government
Danford once inside came over and he
almost broke my door oh here you go
check it out
Jan you broke my door okay fix it I
literally thought of you makes me look
at it dance here because you want to see
my view my view is a building across the
street
really this is how you get treated I
lock you guys put in the comments you
want Gordon I'm left get ready for these
shortest time lapse in the history of
time lapses hold your camera just
holding oh yeah you got your clothes Act
you break my door man with an update
it's been like ten minutes and we can't
get this door closed
how is Jordan and I go on your credit
card but oh man I take full
responsibility see what happens we never
invite youtubers because we do stuff
like this so I was feeling that this
door handle is recycled Burch Burch not
Virginia
no no not Byrd birch wood are you never
going to invite me back into dessert
again
hello okay on so here we are at the
party and we see a bunch of fans waiting
for the Dolan twins so naturally what do
you do you go and get the dorms when
guys are huge huge fans of Dolan twins
the Dolman bands right I'm going to go
upstairs when I try to bring them down
for you guys you guys the current bid is
at 50 legged around the Dolans winds are
going to go to sleep if you don't get
some clothes go get them this is not
Hollywood you guys created the Dolan
twins the reason why they're famous is
because you guys Harley let's go get the
twin
I'm on Team Cameron dalas oh I'm team
Maddie B oh come on guys the Dolan twins
are the Dolan twins are going to go to
sweep off are the Dolan twins here we
have a lot of fans downstairs oh good
and Tyler Elsie was passing by and just
like hey you know the Dolphins are like
you guys like all right Dolan twin we
have located the dolt I don't even know
how I'm going to pick I went in there
looking for you guys
jesse is going to be security for you
wouldn't that just mean you need to come
down don't worry everything's going to
be fine this is not a prank I am a
family-friendly Channel
we got all kinds we got legitimacy here
this is legit regardless of toys I
didn't even take that in until just now
alright hold on hey there's my thumbnail
doctor freaking narrow Quinn yeah you
want some okay I'll continue alright
okay they're over there wait a second
wait a second
I don't want I don't want no no want to
try to want to get all crazy here okay
all right these guys are been waiting
for you guys for a long time we promise
we promise it what can happen I feel
like you guys are not are downplaying my
balls just whip up a blood about them
okay you guys have to say thank you to
Papa blacks for this to pub a blushes of
okay you publicize any carry pal
times are tough right now we're relying
no no no we're not lying you have a
patreon Harley is trying to make sense
for the whole situation yeah I actually
wanted to hear what
only brother to talk to the last realize
what do they think documenting this I
want to know what you guys speed here
before you about the making of our last
videos was it a dog color no you guys
got a flake form a lot anyway how did
this work with twins you guys form like
two lines or like I don't I don't know
you do I don't even Papa blessed
occasion you guys don't want textures
with you guys so dollars everything
wasn't one spin on this I'm not kidding
you can make a check table you can climb
you can Klein LLC yeah no just I'm a
sole proprietor I had to go to sleep
early because the next morning I was
running with Casey nice that I know
Casey and I said you guys know I'm
training for a marathon November New
York City Marathon I've never run a
marathon in my life so I figured Casey
would be the best coach I'm running with
taking tomorrow last time I ran with him
I didn't walk for two weeks month how am
I gonna find my folks right here
thank you Frank in Mara it's time to go
run with Casey he's a crazy runner so
now I go and hopefully I survive so wish
me luck
so far I've heard about 14 kilometers I
know that is a miles right now I can't
breathe on okichi case you down there
these ranks up here coming back he's
gonna come and get me sciatica brace so
now you're about to enter in to sample
some of the latest poutine the state
organic vegan hipster tales Dave this is
going to grow hair on my chest
ah what's there it's a vanilla protein
with greens and coffee bean and that's
good that's really good
he's like I just reduced emollient and
justice fine smoothie really he knows
that for sure
there's a lot of singing going on here
by the way I got case is closed because
I have to shower
I don't have my kids with me but I got
these guys that I'm chaperoning tonight
where you guys this is why I'm sharing
this with you so you can see
Liza and David and David's always
working into the ellipses fan
oh hi I'm here guys hi there's like a
whole like be family quad
the whole thing you guys want to see my
fan obviously right so there are they're
all exciting to introduce you guys holy
cow there's a lot look at that guy's
pandemonium okay okay so they're not
here for me there Eliza and David I made
a mistake so then after we went to a
party at a place that had shuffle boards
and there's a lot of food there's a lot
of music a lot of pictures
what a grown man can crack another grown
man back at a club it's fine oh yeah so
I forgot to mention Will Smith actually
came to talk to us and I took the
blurrier selfie so this is how you take
a real picture but it is the Liberty
can't even hi yeah that's amazing
imperative look at that take it as a
high-def camera okay and my photo looks
like this but I don't really not what to
do very absorbing
that's not wonder what about vlogging
you guys think the right thing and
that's thumbnail worthy can I put that
in my youtube video yeah gonna be like
reacting the old David hits my picture
she like a distraction yes all my links
are gonna be down below I can't believe
the family friends very family-friendly
Channel I have two cribs on the way so
yeah now you guys know what your hits on
the leg I can wear open Gudivada hair
but their mind is feeling my kids and on
the final night we took a boat to
brandcast which is an event that YouTube
put together for advertisers we got to
meet all kinds of fans took lots of
pictures James Corden from carpool
karaoke was there Kevin Hart was there
even kc-97
oh yeah and Katy Perry performed for us
and there you go what are we chopped
liver come on take it next year yes but
thanks I'll introduce you to the Dolans
wins thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little thing will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said is my
radio voice bye
