and right side my own milk is like ice
cream
these look exactly like mr. nose just
like drenched in hot sauce
exactly dance all these mad times I'm
going through Just Dance yeah get
Candide in my heels tonight baby oh oh
these mad sounds I'm going through just
dance yeah get a candy in my heels
tonight baby yeah congratulations you
know how to sing your mom knows how to
sing mama B's not here today she's away
with her friends so the monkeys decided
to cook what are you cooking today
monkeys today I have prepared special
tea you're doing the fire noodle
challenge yes
the Korean fire noodle challenge our
good friends from Korea sent us this and
I don't know what it says fire so it
doesn't say anything other than the word
fire I don't think it's actually gonna
be that bad yeah it says school zone
fire noodles do you think it's gonna be
really really hot um I don't know
because the word fire noodle is very
over exaggerated so I okay I have no
idea what this with this cute little
chicken is saying there but the little
chicken has had some fire noodles
and now the chicken is on the ground
looks like it's screaming in Korean I
don't know what the chicken is saying so
we're gonna all go in although maybe
it's because it says that after we eat
the noodles you can do anything
you have your own amiss my tastebuds
when they're gone
fire noodles on three so there's nothing
in the cup except except for these two
packages of there's love I guess is the
fire sauce yeah I don't know but it's
that good stuff you put on your pasta
all right this is the good stuff that
you put on your pasta I guess okay
monkeys you take whatever you want to
take I'm not forcing you to eat any fire
noodles because well you know what
there's a baby chicken on it so how bad
can it be and then here the noodles so
I'm gonna go ahead and I'm going to fill
it up to the line hello people welcome
back to mr. monkey cooks and we are
waiting for these noodles to what we
have our noodles drain and ready to go
for our sauces I think you put this risk
and then the topping because the topping
is like something you mix up noodles
around all right let's open these up if
this is some tomato sauce no I don't
think this is tomato sauce okay do not
rub your eyes or any other parts of your
body when touching this fire all my
goodness
oh this is like super hot fire go this
this looks like it's gonna burn okay
this is mine it looks like a bloody mess
and I'm probably gonna eat this entire
thing this sounds like fire Wow doing a
little seasoning and little little
seaweed sir prepare the milks yeah these
are the little seeds and little seaweed
things that are inside you know what
this is starting to smell amazing all
right who wants to do the countdown
three here here oh oh yeah monkeys
that's a little too hot for you this is
a school zone this is a school zone
noodle there's a baby chicken on this
thing oh my eyes are bleeding you're
gonna have more no you're crazy this is
for you Liza why does Liza eat Korean
fire noodles oh and this is for you
Dolan twins oh how is this even possible
oh my god you guys don't have to eat
this my mouth everything burns my face
I had one noodle all right right now how
do you guys feel great okay my eyes are
watering so much right now
my own ice cream all right you don't
have to have these I'll do it for you
I'll let you know how it goes that's
like serious smart
yeah just keep drinking milk yeah I'm
still not done
this monkey's taking a break his monkey
didn't eat a lot of them mr. monk you've
just had a little bit you had one noodle
this is definitely not for monkeys
that's for sure while you're eating it
it tastes good as soon as you stop your
eyes feel like they're gonna they're
gonna go on like but no you're gonna pop
right out your head these noodles I've
ever had in my life school zone yeah
which school what school is it oh man
how are you feeling babies ha ha do you
know how to dance while you're meeting
the fire noodles I don't even know what
kind of fire what kind of chill what's
in here you'll let us know in the
comments what's inside these noodles oh
you got me rekt I have to finish them
darling ok so I can't feel my mouth fire
level scale of 1 to 10 ms monkey Oh
super hot I don't even know what's in
this my ears are plug I can't hear
anything
are we gonna see anybody drinking milk
the almond milk definitely helps a lot
more than the regular milk Wow you had
something what is it not safe for school
Korean fire noodles thumbs up or thumbs
down thumbs up all right well I don't
know cuz they're good but they're bad
and then there goes up because I didn't
have a lid and it wasn't spicy for me
because I stopped myself I don't like
them so thumbs up thumbs sideways for me
because it tasted good as I was eating
them but as I stopped eating them then
they started burning a hole face was on
fire the chicken and the kids in the
school zone stuff completely deceptive
my mouth is on fire my feeling about
this crunches thanks for watching
everybody let us know in the comments if
you guys have ever tried these Korean
fire noodles and if there's any other
challenges you want us to do and this is
why we only do dumb things what Mama's
not here thanks for watching everybody
please do like subscribing Lee to
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice
