oh hello everybody today we're gonna be
doing the not my arms challenge shop
you're in teens
My partner is oh and my partner is hello
so today we're going to be doing a
variety of different things and we'll
see who does it's the best that's the
gist so let's do this so on this table
here we have a ton of fun things that we
are going to be doing an opening and
trying to see if we can do it with our
other hand let's just put it that way so
let's get started I need some water oh
I'm very very thirsty the other water
100 I'm super thirsty I assume I need
more oh that's some big water he got
there yeah and oh yeah I'm going to get
this to someone no I'm hearing I know
but now I'm just really like wait my
mouse at the back of my hand oh yeah and
I'm going to talk to my arms like I'm a
lawyer
alright sours people wait for our next
contestants hmm I'm feeling pretty bored
right now maybe I want to open up some
Legos so we can open up
you've actually got one of these nope
that's a deal yes there is one oh so
below it means fill up get okay but nope
there's one
hey we're going to try to open up a
little and it's really difficult and I'm
afraid that today we got a cat wait no
wait we've already now so we're just
going to put no just gonna yeah we're
just going to take that piece of paper
we're going to open it to see what it
had inside and LEGO Minifigures now
let's go on to the building ah
yes I need to stand myself remember
standing you know the watch the brick
that's not a birth-death legislate maybe
we'll sit and Legos for next time well
we definitely ducks
uh you got a stand yet we've got the
manual and we've got we're gonna throw
that there and we're gonna fold
something either bag oh I feel something
cool
I feel the legs we're gonna and there's
nothing less than the backboard Otero
so now we're going to flip this bottle
and we're down you know what why don't I
don't put oh oh thank you sister
oh my oh my water open and run will have
this rainbow cake oh it's those the
Rises mm-hmm I feel like I need some
booze knives in my life so I'm gonna get
some
ah
all right well then it's Gambon
we're away whispering where's the box we
burn
come on expect rattling I got this
feeling inside my bones
it goes electric way beware turn it on
alter must be all through my house this
Rock Paper Scissors shoot Rock Paper
Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot for our favor
Scissors shoot brilliant
Rock Paper Scissors shoot I hope you
enjoyed our challenge that we did tell
us in the comments if you do this
challenge with your family and let us
know in the comments which team you
thought would my team or mr. Markey's
team you know sighs oh no thanks for
watching thanks for watching everybody
please do like driving me the comments
down below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little thing will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
which is my radio board by
