how many peeps this Easter I've always
want to try wool you've never have never
had a peeps either this is amazing but
have you ever played the chubby bunny
challenge with peeps I don't even know
what that is honestly okay what's up
guys how's it going we aren't here with
Dan and Lincoln from what's inside get
up go check them out subscribe to their
channel we have that pop up right there
we are doing the chubby bunny challenge
today with peace now we've never had
peace and these guys have never done the
chubby bunny challenge or even the
chubby bunny challenge this monkey
please you fit a marshmallow in but you
can't chew it or you can't likely take
it apart over things here and you're
gonna put into your mouth and say one
chubby bunny put another one - chubby
bunny
stuff it in your mouth it's how you
can't do it anymore in their mouth so
yeah keep track the person who puts the
most peeps in their mouth let us know in
the comments who won who is the best
chubby bunny of the bunch get in on this
I'm getting in I'm getting in that I'm
gonna do this
we got parents we have supervisors David
Hasselhoff is gonna be watching us the
lifeguards to make sure everything's
okay everything's gonna be fine
what's inside of peeps you guys let's
get that a lot all right
chubby by the time this presentation
count and this competition or is it
basically just completely just how many
marshmallows you get stuck in your mouth
these are the chubby bunnies and these
are the chubby peeps with worshipping a
chubby bunny are you ready for the
chubby bunny challenge you can say how
many chubby bunnies do you have I don't
understand what you're saying
pardon me seven chubby bunnies but
what's inside team is out we have eight
chubby bunnies in total from the what's
inside Team monkeys oh my goodness mr.
monkey got more than the entire what's
inside Team Russia now we're having a
nice little date here with our chubby
bunny chubby bunny chubby bunny that's
where I stopped seven
five okay oh you got it on ten you'll
mean that you will win the house did you
get ten
Wow now you cover your mouth
chubby bunnies let us know in the
comments if there's anything else you
guys want to see thank you so much
downlinking from what's inside he's
checking them out I link them over here
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you've haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice bye
