Oh amazing
we have just me run my rounds today
we're making slime because no one has
ever made a slime before are you kidding
everybody on YouTube has been making
slime we are going to be making world's
largest flood no we're not gonna be
making some we're gonna make giant
fluffy slime that agreed shoutout to
karina garcia shoutouts ironic right it
has nothing to do with this but a tronic
man everybody who's made slime before
shout out about 47,000 people yeah so
ingredients sir ah the list we have glue
shaving cream cart and contact solution
now we need a lot of glue yeah all we
need like those huge jugs of like
Elmer's glue something like that like
that's I don't think they have like huge
jugs but we'll see i
bullsnot do this
found it we need to get a lot okay just
one more okay why do we need so much
glue we don't eat this much glue yeah we
do
no you don't that's a lot of glue we
don't need this much it's like this much
glue this is a lot of piece I'm gonna
listen to you today because last time I
didn't listen to you when we did a Lego
guy we didn't use enough gelatin today
where we're going all out all right what
else do we need
okay maybe should get out we have a lot
of glue so I'm gonna make sure that I go
to school and share this with my friends
oh are you guys okay I am what this is
all for the slime you know that right
you wrecked my kitchen I am wrecking
your head oh good luck thank you
mama B I promise I will not wreck the
kitchen okay first thing we got to do is
the glue okay you have all the glue in
the bin what's next monkeys is it the
contact lens solution a contact lens
solution why contact lens solutions make
it go ahead and pour it gently all over
the place are you sure this is right are
you sure we need this much yes okay stir
stir stir
consistency good get in there this is
fine
okay I'm putting in the shaving cream
smells delightful is working visit Bella
flex line it does look like flames it's
this one that you see in the videos
right so it worked
fluffy oh my goodness wedding rings off
check jeweler hee haw check what you
gotta be so heavy we have just made
slime my friends great success guys can
you make bubbles I actually didn't
really know what I was doing cuz I've
never made slide before so maybe this is
good for your skin no you don't even
know it cuz shaving cream good for your
skin well yeah it's food coloring good
fair skin well maybe
why are you guys so happy when you're
meeting like such weird things because
it's so weird that's white and weird is
my melee okay so that's fluffy
that's super fluffy okay guys this is
the flooded slime I've ever seen
congratulations thank you you did it you
did it guys we did it we're gonna pull
the giant spoon out of the slime now
mama B how is this is this amazing like
how does it feel mommy is it satisfying
four cans of shaving cream two bottles
of contact lens solution like fifty six
bottles of glue and some food coloring
yep and our hands and your hands whoa
and your mom is it so cool it's not
really sticking to your hand that's a
lot of slime it's less than you got
there that's a lot of slime you got
there why you just pop it
do you like your slime gloves monkey oh
it's so heavy it's because it's lying
look show me poking it cuz it's gonna
get so many views so many views when you
poke this life but let me make it like
how's that feel it's so fluffy what I
like I like the boat slide yeah
I look like those taffy puller is like
those packing machines oh okay I found
my new hobby slime mixing fluffy
goodness this is please give it a thumbs
up leave a comment down below let us
know if you guys want to see some more
crazy things happening thanks for
watching thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice bye
