Wow yes so I know you guys love looking
at our old photos so today miss monkey
is going to react to my old photos oh I
don't know what hi what hey I agreed to
do this oh it is all all in good love
all right first photo first photo it has
a face of making here are you making fun
of my face well first of all your hair
was pretty darn good back then thank you
you look like the before shot of a bad
and firmer shelf you look like a turtle
without a shell it's like your neck said
no not today what are you wearing your
glasses
I love zooming in and then you actually
make a screenshot of it and then turn
into a wallpaper your teeth are actually
better back then I really really like
your teeth back then I drank a lot of
soda back in the day don't drink soda
Kate Soros you kinda look like him don't
drink soda or else you're gonna look
like this they're probably not your
glasses did you hit your head man here's
another one what are you doing what are
you wearing event check see it was a
velour tracksuit and one of those long
dr. strange coats bro we look like fat
dr. strange with glasses who don't even
fit your head and like really dark short
hair and your neck this is what it looks
like okay so I didn't exercise and I
wasn't watching my diet shouldn't you
know the fine
take care of your body at my age I
already know what not to eat and what to
eat I was like 23 or 24 in that that's a
long time ago my friend that's like 40
years ago what'd you put in that zipper
spirit Twinkies this is a bad idea this
is a bad idea
I was happy look at my face like I'm
happy I was about what I mean I'm still
happy I'm very happy I I know why he was
happy because he never looked in the
mirror
tbh man TV 8 are you ready for this
moron today your legs are so hairy shave
your legs man oh oh I understand why are
you going because it has a picture of
someone slipping I was being funny
you're who what's going on here your
arms are like smaller than your head
you're like a t-rex here I used to work
really baggy clothes
why because I felt more comfortable with
my baggy clothes and I like the blue I
like blue now I see why are you going I
still wear blue it's just a different
kind of blue now it's like an
out-of-shape blue she chose me because
of my personality and my drive and it's
not always about looks I know it's not
about looks but did she buy a lottery
ticket after she met you or something
like looking at that photo and looking
at you now I know she time traveled mama
looks so pretty oh my goodness I look
pretty too don't I what are you doing
with your head in your face honestly I
don't understand why you wore those
glasses the mama looks amazing she looks
so pretty she's always been very
beautiful yes those were level 1 glasses
you're a level 1 guy
and how did you land on a level-10 woman
I had personality I had charmed I know
watch feeding the beast it's beautiful a
beautiful story house she marries the
Beast not because of his looks because
they actually had something in common if
he was understanding this is like
beating the Beast beautiful thank you
for that beautiful rendition of Beauty
and the Beast okay so moral of the story
you almost like a beast in numbers and
the ones moral of the story you can't
judge a book by its cover
I know don't judge a book by its cover
I would have married you but I would
read a lot of books before I bought you
there's got to be more books out there
well thank you for the roast is there
another one come on there's okay here's
another one I want to show you look look
at mama
look at her sweater play that necklace
and look at that shirt she looks like
Waldo and a smurf well she was bad a lot
of friends
thanks for watching everybody please
will like subscribing ly to comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said once it's my radio voice
