hey guys welcome to the not my arms
challenge today guys that we're doing
beat not my arms challenge and we're
using Lego bricks so we be building all
kinds of fun creations and before we
begin we just like to plank Lego for
sponsoring in this video and Lego has
two exciting new campaigns we want to
share with you so I'll explain
everything when I showed up to the boxes
one is the LEGO Friends Club with heart
contest vent or build your own Clubhouse
with your friends and you could win
great prizes there's also a Lego truck
tour and it might be in your area I'm
gonna leave some more details down below
for you to check that out and let's not
forget about lego city hero
meadow has another campaign where you
will feel like a real hero
and you'll get to solve real hero
challenges using Lego bricks there's
also a great lego city heroes contest
that you can enter alright guys I'm
gonna leave all the details down below
for you guys to check it out so make
sure you guys check out those links that
I'm gonna put down there okay so with
today's not my arms challenge we got a
bucket full of LEGO bricks we want to
inspire kids to build and create
together because when they build
anything is possible
anything is possible so please give me
like a freestyle are you guys ready what
are we gonna build this what we're gonna
try to do here okay our hearts desire
may be a cleanse
alright we're gonna let you guys do your
thing we're just gonna hide behind and
yeah the first thing that we're gonna do
today is grab brick okay so basically
mama I just move your hand up yes and
grab yes perfect we're gonna get a long
brick this one the brown one and we're
just gonna be a little square because
this is gonna be the living room you
know this is a window so we can just put
that on the edge of the clubhouse wait I
am
I haven't scratch on my nose may you
please up we are gonna get this swing
set we're not gonna hang it but we're
gonna like break it in half now it's a
swing robot so you sit and you swing and
you sit and you swing we're gonna make
the peace sign Oh
that's perfect I'm thinking of putting
this on the second level because second
level looks a bit there there's nothing
really there looks a bit fair there's
nothing really there that's a bit bare
there's nothing really there oh do you
wanna have a wrap off oh yo I'm here
building Legos with my brother we are
working on the second level I need to
put more things there cuz it's looking a
little bare
so I'm thinking of getting this piece
it's gonna be a masterpiece I'm so happy
to be here right now and I'm a little
hungry
so we finished our Lego clubhouses and I
guess now we should review them so my
amazing LEGO creation is its roofless so
we can let the Sun in so when the rain
comes it's gonna all pull up and we can
go for a swim
this is a door to go inside and there's
some lights up here there's a nice couch
this is me standing greeting greeting
you over here you go up the stairs which
is like a little flower area and where
my bed is and there's also like a secret
passageway to the backyard whoop and
this is mr. B what you got so what I
have for you right here is mama and my
Lego house creation it's actually a lego
Clubhouse over here as you can see
there's a door and here's a little
window to make sure that nobody's
outside or if there's any delivery
services outside you're gonna know on
the inside we've got a drawer and I
guess this as a show this is a doggy
door over here where's the doggy door
right here oh my god gets in nice yep
over here is a podium for all of the
minifigures to speak and then you go
down the slide and boom you are done
excellent very nice and guys remember
when you build together anything is
possible okay guys that's it for the not
my arms challenge this time around let
us know in the comments down below who
won this challenge was a team miss B and
Papa B or weather team
mr. bian mama P if you guys do this at
home with your family we'd love to see a
picture so why don't you send us a
picture on Instagram or on Twitter you
want to see your Clubhouse creations
using the not my arms challenge guys we
love you thank you so much again to Lego
for sponsoring this video guys you have
two incredible campaigns that we
mentioned before we're gonna leave those
details down below for you guys to check
out those links guys if there's anything
else you want to see let us know we'd
love you guys and until next time you
just ruined it thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little feet
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice
