you know it's nicer than a beautiful
sunset on the harbour a giant package of
sweet darts mama B how big is this too
big
I said milk eggs and bread oh I thought
you said milk sweet tarts and no eggs
and no bread okay come on though come on
mama B please you see something like
this you have to buy it here hold it oh
you know sweet tarts right I think
they're big I think they're massive I
think they're just giant I try to hope
their masses no artificial flavors no
artificial flavors I have a feeling that
it's all artificial flavors something
that's running me down it says nutrition
fat serving size two rolls nobody's
going to need two of these world's small
children can choke on small candies so
yeah but wait a second use will be big
be careful
me I'm having a bad day Oh what is this
it is a big job there you go like so
much better
there it is that's what's up
massive oh is that when the rain brought
the dentist will celebrate what a mood
killer
because okay who wants this week you'll
want to try sweet words first I think
every time we do something crazy and big
mama B's never here so today you are
here she's here and she's going to be
the one to open the sweet tart in 30
could be a ceremony so everyone please
thank you see okay we have to have a
sweet tarts giant unboxing ceremony
because mama B never does these unboxing
so bad
power possibility the holder of the
giant sweetheart and you will do the
honors of unboxing the world's largest
sweetheart
you wish freak diabetes in her alright
here we go
open it up let's see what we got giant
sweethearts giant sweet tarts do ya yeah
all right here we go giant sweet tarts
what a man what is this wait hold
on what a ripoff
you know what I need to put that sound
effect in so ok let me get this straight
this whole time I was thinking it was a
huge disc of sweet tarts inside the tube
like huge it you can do that you can
make that you know what I saw I thought
it's gonna be like true - yes that's
what I thought they're gonna be like
this
yes Cheyenne is there like a not actual
size picture like anything that says not
the actual size know what uh okay look
at the size of two and then look climb
video candy okay and look at the
quantity of candy we got here Wow
yes okay so maybe we didn't get ripped
off let's I think that's a harsh word we
didn't get ripped off we got
bamboozled we got deceived we got to see
you big-time now they're still very
tasty did you find a use for this
container now well I know seriously here
our money worries Oh what we're going to
do is a container when we can make it a
drum well we still have a lot of candy
though mm-hmm we should probably give it
away on my own thanks for watching
everybody we're going to go share these
candies now let us know in the comments
what other kind of do you want to see in
the future and if you think we got
ripped off or you think we didn't get
ripped off and everything was cool or
Wednesday at weight you'll expect this
did you know yeah I'm gonna get you did
you guys know little things or did you
expect these giant giant tablet okay
guys I'm gonna go buy some milk and eggs
now Yeah right thanks for watching
everybody please like driving away the
comments down below if you haven't
subscribe yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little thing will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said is my
radio board bye
