Oh a bird pooped on your head no yes no
where are we today at the Camden Yards
in Baltimore what Kevin Jordan Baltimore
the flonase Ben Smith's RV has brought
us to Baltimore at Camden yard we're
going to get a nice tour of the park I
think this is the first major league
baseball park that we've ever been to
it's starting to rain
we're going to make the best of it my
app says it's going to start to rain in
three minutes all right
cats on it we can do it try not to laugh
challenge right now that didn't work no
how's it going hello good morning mommy
have you ever been to a major league
baseball park I actually ran on the
field one time when I was younger and I
almost got kicked out but we're not
going to mention that I need to run on
the field the team that I was watching
won the World Series and I actually ran
onto the field but everybody ran onto
the field so no one got kicked out it
was a very happy day so I ran around the
bases and I splitted the home base and I
stuffed my pants with dirt why I feel
like a souvenir yeah because I wanted a
souvenir so I don't think we're going to
do that today can i stuff my pants guys
with dirt from
no that's it that's a no and I spiked
the mascot no we can't point the mascot
either so we're on our way
I didn't I didn't realize everything hi
Owen hey art these guys are the flow
Nate says this RV drivers right here
keeping us safe thank you guys thank you
for keeping us safe and alive the club
out Wallabies momentous moment mommy
like that
they're not here today it's not that
kind of Club mama hole where
there's no mouth oh my god oh oh oh look
that's a dirt for the field is it fill
your pockets kids fill your butt no I'm
just kidding I'm just kidding you suck
it hey so cinematic shots
how are you here in Nicole she's the
groundskeeper here second female
inhibitor in his second phenol in his
second female groundskeeper yep for
Major League Baseball head growling Wow
Nicole slow clap slow Club monkey slow
clap I need some help can you provide
some tips as my grass will awful at home
there any tips and tricks don't cut it
too short
women overwater it okay and let it grow
over in how to the front of hair okay
see I did everything wrong at home my
grass is awful you should see it it's
just like brown limes Oh a bird pooped
on your head no yes no that's good luck
tomorrow that's like really good luck oh
oh
nah oh snap a bird mama just pooped on
Mama's head oh man oh oh man a bird just
pooped on mama B's head that's good luck
we're buying a lottery ticket right
after this thank goodness for hair and
makeup now are you prepared for this no
we got to get a lot of it's leaving a
wonderful shine
that's like natural conditioner right
there ah what is your hair smell like
egg no no no no no no no no no breathe
breathe breathe are you taking selfies
with the mascot let's see you take some
sweet selfies was that a good selfie
hello hello how you doing hey ah can you
bite her head I allow you to bite her
head ah
oh yeah oh oh that's awesome
ah that's enough oh oh no our love for
photography centering for sin sin sin
sin and sin sin sin sin sin sin and sin
sin sin sin sin sin sin sin Celine oh
okay that's enough that's enough that's
enough enough get off the field mom of
either gonna kick you out
Oh hose it okay I guess she's allowed
that's a wrap guys
next stop New York City perfect time
because it start to rain again so time
to go I mean and our timers promise
thank you for the memory thanks for
watching everybody please do like
subscribe and leave a comment down below
if you haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left and a
little thing will pop up and you zippe
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice dry
