Wow here it is the new RV look at this
guys this is the RV this is home for the
next two weeks guys look at the size of
this RV thing's massive you know what
it's bigger than last time we are
kicking off our road trip guys in Los
Angeles and we're gonna go all across
the u.s. Las Vegas Denver Kansas City
Baltimore Cincinnati New York City it's
gonna be insane shout out to flonase
thank you guys so much this is part two
of our road trip if you guys want to see
some apart one I'm gonna put it up over
there so the first thing we're gonna do
today is we're actually going to the
marine animal rescue in Los Angeles and
we're gonna meet a really cool gentleman
who rescues marine animals
this is like beautiful weather today
I'll do this stuff guys look at that we
got see our lifeguards on duty
show the RV I'm sorry that's why I'm so
excited because because there's lots of
beef jerky on the hmm that's a real
California lifeguard they made a show a
whole show about it how you doing
sweetie we are at the marine animal
rescue and we are going to learn all
kinds of cool stuff we're going to learn
how to capture some marine life that
needs help I think we're gonna shoot
well someone's gonna shoot a net gun
this is how we kick off the road trip
you're gonna capture a seal today I mean
well you're not gonna capture you're
gonna rescue if she looks at hey I know
he's like right there he's gonna run off
okay
look at the cute totally real
so we've learned how to rescue seals by
using an awesome net we learn how to
throw a hook in case you know you find a
whale that's stranded with some fishing
line you can throw that miss monkeys
catching something right now
and now he's gonna shoot a net gun and
we're gonna stand behind and not get not
get netted that's a word it's a rap it's
a rap they won yeah numero uno let me
know bro nice success grand success next
stop Vegas are you ready for Vegas
yeah are you ready for video thank you
are you ready oh yeah
good morning good morning good morning
we are on our way to where where are we
going now as you can see we have all the
places we are going down on our rights
here we have a high Oh before we get to
Vegas I think it's time for a little
tour of our new home this is our new
home I want to show you guys something
cool so we are door opens
oh snap feels like robots tears
like TV that we can watch this is where
the drivers go how the drivers are here
a little bit of privacy this week at all
dance and sing and we don't distract
okay what else
oh oh is it look at Katniss like a
captain's chair what Wow
it's so comfy I love this chair you can
spin you could sit here you can play
video games right there watch a movie
everything so we here we have a light
I love lights there were so much fun so
when we're like driving at night just
turn on these lights here is all these
all the remote controls look how
organized that is speakers and speakers
I don't think we can do a dance party
while they're driving because that's
going to be too distracting because we
like to palm the music she's doing hurt
or she's been hurt or the dining table
breakfast nook slash card table more
lights and she loves her lights our
couch oh it's a nice couch that probably
changes into a bed too
Wow so we're gonna do popcorn wanna have
some coffee
do we have coffee there's always coffee
brew yummy this is the best road trip
ever
that's what Papa's gonna put his like
camera gear I think hats and sunglasses
they're boxes of sunglasses tools tools
sweet boy a nice we need any stuff
boring but necessary sunscreen yeah
allergy relief
I need the sunscreen if you can see from
my face we did some stuff yesterday did
you get burned cuz look at me I'm like a
lobster my lips hurt my face hurts ok so
these are more likes we're done more
likes more snap three layers of snacks
all the coffee stuff you know why I see
that because it says hot coffee stuff we
got more snacks okay beef jerky for me
what we are snack ready mister monkeys
getting his Gannon chair ready oh what's
in the fridge what oh we are going to be
hydrated on this trip look at its lake
that's gonna be his seat I think this RV
is bigger than the one we had last year
we had toilet hopefully no one's in
there no nobody's in there
well that
I remember last year we didn't really
take a shower in the RV we would take it
in the hotel and we ended up using the
shower as like a store it's this is your
room right here I don't sleep a lot on
the RV there's a vanity a TV another TV
when I was a kid we had one TV and I was
the remote control on this RV we have
two TVs
this is I'm not gonna press it but it's
the slide up or control when you press
that button the RV goes through and then
it makes it look bigger when we park and
we're like selling or whatever we're
like shooting then the RV expands and it
makes everything bigger so just like run
along like hang out yeah we're
definitely to have a dance party or two
all right let's go outside
Oh the monkeys picking flowers yeah oh
you're so sweet Oh next stop Las Vegas
thanks again to Flo nice thank you guys
so much for sponsoring this trip this is
awesome another unforgettable experience
we're gonna have and we're gonna take
you guys along with us thank you guys
next stop Los Vegas baby
but you can't gamble you can see some
shows the next vlog we're gonna show a
little bit of Bay is so like a surprise
that we're going to tonight and we're
gonna show you in another vlog soldier I
can't see anything it's
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little thing will pop up and you get
to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice
right
