today we are introducing the kids to an
incredible initiative that Ford has
Steve do you know what steamed stands
for
technology engineering art mapping Steve
so forth initiative is to inspire future
innovators right here so they have all
kinds of great projects and breathing
issues and they're doing today we're
gonna meet some Girl Scouts and Girl
Scouts are the next generation of
scientists and engineers so I'm so
excited to meet them I've always wanted
to meet a girl scout and I yeah so we're
going to be fast track races
everybody's designed their race cars and
you designed your car mama be designed
hers everybody designed their cars so
you want to make it aerodynamic you want
to make it in a way where it'll just go
fast so you have to beat your brother
today there's a little competition here
he's got his car does everybody have
their cars
this is my teen of choice after this we
will have some nice-looking racecars do
you wanna see my hobbies
so the whole initiative is to inspire
future innovators future inspire others
was that plan
I'm a future innovator and I am
competitive already two guys are already
show your papers show your cards look at
that
there it is mama beat you guys ready to
do this all right let's do this
let's do this you guys and we were
looking at your cars your cars aren't
way better than our yeah your cars are
really slick yeah Wow these cars oh my
goodness all the pros right here they're
giving mommy tips right now people hear
that word cars they hear that they think
of boys right no it's a girl thing too
so put the weights on the back when it
hit that slow it'll give it an extra
boost push it down and what do you think
about for doing this Steve thing do you
think it's a great idea
it's a great idea for letting girls into
races because most people think it cars
are just for boys
and I think that Ford did a good idea on
letting girls do something
Oh hug it out hug it out all right guys
time to race he's got a race car right
there what do you call it the beat the
beat there's a bee Family Challenge
right here are our four cars being on
mr. monkey in lane four we have my car
in lane three miss monkeys in Lane two
and Mama bees in lane one first place
second place mommy wins the winners
dance eyes like the winner's circle
right there
mama B wins my car needs a little bit of
work maybe if my car goes backwards
it'll probably faster mommy won again
whoa did you put like a little turbo in
this mama because yours keeps waiting
like to thank my French teacher Bravo
yeah the photo of the photo ah we're
still investigating that car wow there
it is guys did you have fun
can you imagine that'll be so fun
aerodynamic weight distribution yes no
friction I'm an engineer engineer yes I
think so my garden my car didn't bury my
car needed a little bit of work it
didn't do very well thank you guys for
watching and thank you to Ford for this
amazing steam experience and allowing us
to race our cars it's really not about
winning or losing it's really
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little theme will pop up and use
it to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice bye
