hey guys today the family is gonna be
reacting to one of our most popular
comedies that we've made on YouTube and
thank you to the good people at LG
they're sponsoring this video and they
sent us the LG wallpaper TV this is
crazy
it's paper-thin the family hasn't seen
this yet so I'm gonna Surprise them
right now and we're gonna react to the
video guys let's go come down and check
out this wallpaper that's also a TV look
at that that's a TV no no it's a TV
check this out
I'm gonna go get the frame all right
check check out how thick the frame is
okay and now put it against the TV look
at the difference bring the sticker you
like paper it's like paper frame is the
TV look it's like a magnet motor and if
this looks like I'm more trips why don't
you start work pilaf is that beautiful
so maybe when you're having like people
over oh you're like this is the painting
I drew when I was three I knew this
painting with my fingers this is where
it all kind of connects to so it
connects to this so basically you can
connect anything you want your video
game components you can connect your
blu-ray everything is there
you know what's funny is that we
actually had this installed beside these
two paintings yeah and look how thick
the paintings are and look how thin the
wallpaper TV is it does it's cuz the
colors pop mama B I think it's time to
do a commercial with the kids okay are
you guys ready yes the all new LG
paper-thin TV it's so visually stunning
that your children will constantly dust
it with their hands and the next
generation sound bar will impress the
most discerning of critics the all new
LG paper-thin TV is loads of fun and for
those who don't agree well you can just
dab on them haters
okay guys this is what we're gonna do
we're gonna react to the most popular
YouTube comedy that we've made do you
know which one that is no you guys don't
know she could take a lucky guess no not
a dead husband walking it was a long it
was a longer one we're playing
characters the competing parents are you
guys ready yes the LG wallpaper TV is
connected to Wi-Fi all right there's a
whole bunch of different features
obviously it's Bluetooth connected it
has a full web browser you have all all
the entertaining you need on one TV okay
guys check this out the LG wallpaper TV
has an AI function so that if I actually
speak into the remote control it will
actually play what I wanted to play so
check this out of press this button play
when parents compete YouTube huh right
there check that out
is that awesome are you guys ready to
react to the most popular comedy yes so
we could come over to see you oh yeah we
told the understand so let's do with the
kids well the kids like more than one
actually twenty little more English
position retard we want them to be
prepared perfect equality sweeper go
there they can continue with the people
there
24 yeah languages oh yeah oh and my son
yeah
for kids you know
oh you guys duck confit duck confit
already blue freakin gluten-free and
vegan oxygen or Dragan even the duck
even the duck so what are they doing
their share time in their spare
harmonica instruments the instruments
what instrument do they play okay father
pointers click on my face very good
brother depression let's go play so that
was it guys that was the most popular
video that we've made in our conde I
know there's a new one that just came
out that just became more popular so
maybe we'll have to react to that one
day yes so thank you so much to LG for
sending us the beautiful LG wallpaper to
anyone else who wants to react to you
let us know in the comments down below
and until next time we love you guys I'm
gonna go put on that wig right now and
take some pictures of some selfies
movies are out thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little feet
will pop up and you can subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice right
