remain to Chicago it's really pretty
that sky though Chicago mama B we meant
the Chicago and this is the first time
where Chicago with the Monkees
that's right
very nice airport much nicer than
LaGuardia sorry LaGuardia you guys need
work
mama B I booked a room that is a little
bit bigger than we're used to don't give
me that look don't that look is that is
that look very concerning that's the
look my wife would give me how are the
Pokemon in Chicago it's always a good
sign when you can enter the suite from
two different floors not real fur that
would be cruel by the way guys to be
alone and dig up is fake fur it's
plastic it was a jacket
alright we made it guys whoa you know
there's a workout room in the end of
whoa whoa whoa you like to read books I
got your books
my movie you can you can know what
what's up what did you find I can't find
you oh I found you hello hello
kill you get just wait at home get your
sweat on did you get your get your get
your get your sweat on we made it to the
hotel room and it's freaking huge you
walk in there's like a mini workout room
right there the bed an office we have
there's some paintings so this is the
loft there's another office right there
I don't know how you can close these
curtains how big that is
so here's like a mini library here is
another like thing to put all your stuff
and to like and there's a beautiful mom
of e this is the dining room with a
little sink the baby kitchen it's a huge
dining room with a tremendous view nice
view check that is it for the hotel room
loft tour I hope you guys enjoyed this
tour and if you'd like to see more tours
then I comment down below and if you
like me doing the tour then keep
commenting and saying that you would
like me to do the tours and I have a
good day bye bye they teach you that at
Harvard I said no miss monkeys reading
the last paragraphs of every single book
in the library I hope you guys enjoyed
our nice little tour of our new place
that we're gonna be staying at for the
next few days and now it's time to
explore Chicago
it's a beautiful view
what what are you doing you took of
yourself are you ready to tilt yes I'm
ready word Aaron you are looking sleek
are you gonna go on yeah
yes Jamin you going on there see
basically hand onto the bars you just
tilt
better get the sunset okay I'm gonna
take a shot of your shot cuz it's better
than mine is that good in this sunset
beautiful are you serious they're gonna
wonder why the belts are so long on the
roads how is mom and beginning to swing
on that careful that that doesn't whip
on you on your face you're totally gonna
rip the belt you're gonna hold them
catch me outside how about that
no oh you guys are terrible are you
mister mister thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you've
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribes please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice bye
