you know what time it is no no I'm the
minion us will be wearing the minion
costume not you you guys know what time
it is
Challenge time with the ESPE growling
everybody don't cha today we are doing
the slamming into the mattress with a
skateboard challenge oh that's our
mattress there we have teams so it's
going to be mr. monkey and Mama B again
so this is a new challenge we just kind
of came up with it we have our
skateboard and we will be rolling this
skateboard to that mattress and we're
going to smash into the mattress and
bounce back and the person who could
land the furthest wins of course we have
to be safe so we have our aviator helmet
off and all precautions have been taken
so we will have somebody holding the
mattress we don't want the mattress
falling on top of people so someone's
going to hold adults supervision by that
no you supervise that so that's the deal
with their team called team mattress
Slammers hashtags mattress Slammers so
if you're going for our team let us know
in the comments team mattress Slammers
with your team guys in solid solid
skateboard that's very cute all right
hash tag team solid skateboard we're
gonna let you guys decide who has the
best style and who is the craziest you
guys let us know in the comments team
solid skateboards gonna go first
good
if you slammed too hard you might
actually rebound into a pole into a
chair you might into a wall so it really
takes skill and power 3 2 1
Oh yo he's wiggling he's wigging all
hands down hands down hands down we
share all right while he's flowed as he
slowed his motion down that's okay there
it is let's get a level dude nigga rank
decimals from my good friend so you are
Stephanie for now yeah miss monkey you
wanna go next make us proud the legions
of matcha slammer fans yeah one impact
oh my goodness look how far back he's
going well look how far she landed all
right
the beautiful mama B is up next who
woulda thunk you would be playing the
mattress slam challenge what we call
this guys I'm not sure if you plan
Marcus plans challenge Wow very tight on
my head my head is very few Genosha
mattress slamming Queen right here in
three two one oh oh she's aiming he's
got four Seagal Ford if he goes into the
hole Oh land it right over there I think
we have our first injury you okay mama B
we have a first injury here
only on mattress slam challenges will
you see something like this guys there's
lots of love there's lots of hugs guess
what
the champion is up next oh I need
somebody to take this camera we have
mama B's spot right over here he
mastered sweaters skateboards toys
that's the only people yes who is this
I'm going to go as hard as I can is when
see it's all the fun it's all about
angles here okay
Bill Nye if you spend time you're cooler
tables in what angles and stuff guys I
need a protractor Tom skinny I'm not a
cheater
how's that cheating was that cheating
you hit the floor like eight more times
like I would girls playing it safe
leaving your teammates calling you out
you pulled me out you guys want to do
another run yeah don't ever run all
right who's up with me oh he's wiggling
he's shimmy now that is the proper form
there he goes he's going he's gone Wow
no farting when you did much better than
last time
nice there she is rebounding back oh
she's got another technique right there
as he keeps looking back it looks like
we might be going for a world record
right here this is a world record Wow
mommy's got her own thing going on here
she got shoulder touches oh because oh
yeah oh oh that bounce back though she's
going straight we don't have any
problems here with her smashing her feet
and her pillars yeah her record Oh
everyone thought I could so I need to
prove my fan has family that I'm not a
cheater that I'm here to win fair and
square
crying guidance right whoa
Oh any path miss Mackey's record yeah GG
guys gg gg gg guys DDT whoo thank you
guys for watching we love you guys so
much we hope you enjoyed that crazy
challenge I think it was like a first
ever mattress slam skateboard challenge
so thank you for being a part of it if
you like this video please give it a
like and we have a few things planned
tell us who you think won was it the
mattress climbers or
that's always game boy hashtag solid
skateboard let us know in the comments
what the next challenge should be we
love you guys
thanks for watching everybody please
like driving away the comments down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little thing will pop up and music
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
with my radio would dry
