do you have your instruction you you
have them she's gonna lose man what's up
be family welcome to of the exact
sandwich it's not in searching Stalin
what does that mean the kids are gonna
teach me how to make cereal today seems
pretty easy they're gonna each write
down exact instructions on how to make
cereal and I'm going to make it and the
person with the best instructions wins a
prize
I still to figure out what the prize is
but shout out to josh darnit Josh turn
it issue the challenge
so check his channel out I think he's
the originator of the exact instructions
challenge monkeys I want you to teach me
how to make cereal who wants to go first
you go first all the time I'm trying to
go first alright instructions please
prepare I'm back I've prepared do you
have your instructions do I have my
instructions yes every time we do
challenges she gets very serious let's
see here oh okay alright mr. monkey
you're gonna teach me how to make a bowl
of cereal okay
get a bowl beautiful making you do hard
work okay get a pool I got a bowl okay
please we'll put the bowl on the table
bottom of the bowl face down on the
table get your cereal gotten thing out
of the bag boy I'll take out the bag
full of cereal
babe open the bag
from the top of the bag yeah okay this
is the top of the bag and I opened it
pour the cereal from the bag into the
bowl okay oh if there's a star here pour
the cereal up to about half inside the
bowl so that it doesn't overflow
grab your milk okay open the cap of the
milk and put the cap to the side pour
the milk into the bowl with cereal in it
make sure you don't put too much milk
just because it might overflow fine fine
fine jeez man
pour the milk into the bowl with cereal
in it make sure you don't put too much
milk just because it might overflow okay
grab a spoon you didn't specify the
spoon okay I'll have a spoon put the
spoon in the bowl of cereal from the
face first face first he was so close
I don't understand how you eat cereal
like that
yeah I guess so miss monkey your next
get one Bowl and a box of cereal and a
carton of milk
and a spoon okay and a spoon
okay grab your cereal box open the top
and tilt the cereal box so that the
grains of cereal fall out of the open
part of the cereal box and into your
bowl stop pouring when you are satisfied
a box and you see your bowl stop when
you are satisfied what does that mean
stop when you weren't letting you like
when you liked it and you let the amount
that you poured okay I'm satisfied
grab your milk take the white cap off of
the milk carton okay tilt your milk
cartons so that the milk pours out of
the open hole at the top and into your
bowl of cereal what's the next
instruction stop stop tilting your milk
carton three the amount of milk that was
poured into your bowl when you grab your
spoon and put it into the bowl of cereal
and milk and make sure the spoon is
going into the bowl where the scoopy
side of the spoon is the scoop excite
the scoop aside you are done it that's
only seven
I'm gonna give you another chance I want
you to teach me how to make an omelet do
you know how to make omelets I think I
can you've made omelets before once okay
so can you teach me exactly how to make
an omelet okay okay go ahead
a few moments later okay grab an egg
grab a bowl okay I have my bowl grab an
egg grab a bowl and crack the egg
thanks again for watching everybody if
you like this video please give it a
thumbs up and we challenge the Shaytards
to the exact instructions challenge so
go to their pages let them know AV
family challenges you thanks again for
watching guys we love you now it's time
to eat all the cereal thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little thing
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribes please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice but
