get ready for the please yo house doing
everybody how's it going how's it going
Hank the drug as long as you know how's
it going after you going as you know
this monkeys a huge fan of squishing
how's it going and we have a lot of
friends in the gym who have been
watching the videos and they've been
asking a lot of questions so I think
it's time for mr. monkey to introduce
our homie to the gym homie Young Saeng
the squishies are you ready yeah go men
are exploring racism there's never seen
squishy before I have never seen a
squishy can't believe it this you've
never seen what everything is my friend
you surely going to kill me the road
look at this beautiful bag admire it
you see how it's so big oh okay first
thing is it now would you like to show
it to the camera we have a local friend
yes I will teach you how to squish okay
you can either go like this regular
squishing oh that's a very nice that's a
very much while you watch me now you
think this is funny
this is not a laughing matter be my
friend can you prevent sorry
so now we take it out of the packaging
so much smells very nice it gets me
through it okay
you can I have a scripture like that
make sure the camera gets before
experience very soft
oh wow they said it was eight seconds
rising I think it's like a hundred cents
Wow would you smell like a loaf of bread
is this
yes I know uh-huh
that's very good sushi number one
that
successful rising but it's like slow
yeah they're pretty good
oh wow - you got to teach me I honestly
I went to Japan saw these these things
are so popular there and what's the word
for cute and Japanese Christ Kauai is a
kawaii that I feel like every time if
you're cute one's a really super kawaii
yeah that's cute kawaii bar put a
chocolate bar very soft like I can feel
fantastic
honestly I can't then destruction sound
of it okay now really make a NASA mark I
want to be like a connoisseur of wishes
after this video so teach me the ways so
basically that's how my dad says you
don't want to be known for screaming
that so how is - did you just clean it
with like two fingers yeah xq2 chuckle
APAR no I'm saying I thought smells like
you I got a palm I got a kid home King
we got pumpkin guide if you like to show
that you can you can open it up no I can
snow it's in there right there that's my
function
oh wow Wow
no doing that's a good one what makes
that one good and well it's like really
soft it has a nice sense it's really
squishy slow rising slowly rising and
slow rising better than quick rising all
right I'm new to the squishy game I was
like ooh I got an animal vine - the
Panda
I don't notice it I think it's like a
monkey would you like it to give us a
friendly that's basilly yeah that's what
it's hard you know know that you can go
like covered in planet architecture like
a giant permanent marker and just go
around like yeah like 30 permanent
marker
wow that's so suck you polity swish
another I explained can sometimes
actually I kind of like really mad
Wow bang Billy talked me up and dude
it's a language whoa I've never seen
that before nobody are showcases this
but them okay it's a cream candy
security now and it's got these weird
pink nipples on the end I kind of
trained for you I don't think it was a
full of equals equation y better deal
chemicals Oh wall that wall wow wow
that's not good ghost wiki oh yeah I got
another one of them needs like slimy
things either like your account if it's
good here good it's funny
he's perfect to help you with no problem
oh that looks like a pencil topper it
has like a little hole
I thought it is well my god it really
fly me thank you it oh that's really
good that's so weird
I'm gonna good deal it here
catch that I'll see go buddy oh we got a
we got a cake roll like a little man yo
has like pretty bear on its 10th census
oh that's very slow rising hey do you
know what a science is this is you know
what's this he made it up
Oh what kind of poem is it made out of
65 squishy foam polyurethane designed in
the 1930s back in 1930s during World War
2 I'm not even kidding okay and this
slow Rajan you guys like the squishy
ones right that is slow rising shout out
to my boy Bill Nye the Science Guy
in the 1970s right NASA had to create a
foam that should like counteract like
the forces that happened okay what did
you play the name of it okay
all right vacuum there were you sorry
not like I was like trying something
else without the right to put a key yeah
take Mary voltage rainbow cake man for
the sim double package elaborate fake
selected vest from the channel command
house that sounds about right you ready
this is like I can feel the density of
like squeeze the top like I can't even
texture of this amazing Rick they're all
the same texture but they're so cool
because wow man I want to eat it but I
know it's not good for instance they
always have like do not eat on the back
and your time is up you doing oh yeah
Venera 45 has this everybody is looking
for this but looking here this is Val
you can kind of see what it is it's like
it's like kind of thing I don't know it
is but it's like really rare so look
that so big oh no like Brendan it
actually does not like the cake
that's delicious yeah you know spur gear
it in lightly it might be a little bit
cool I yeah that's what it looks like
it's like so soft it's so soft
well strawberry pop squishy and call it
20 house so let's get Greg black maybe
wow that's like really dense that's so
cool
slow rising not as the rising as the
others but it's pretty pretty old of
started Wow so like this is probably
your favorite squishy is this like a
header or a collection you're like a
severe collection event but I got like
60 squishes cells 60 squishes I'm gonna
give this one to my brother okay because
I have to do a B you guys are the monkey
so that makes sense yeah I'm gonna go
get this to my better get in there just
put me with this Lionel guy dispersing
all to go oh my
join us didn't you come back all
together working is that talk real game
you open all these here these are all
slow rising great squishies miss monkey
doesn't know anything must be these are
great where the pros here the real pro
hotel is a little warble your squish
knowledge I realized oh we allowed to
open this without her is this going to
be a problem
acting squish these questions go in
packing
oh my sorry I surprised
look longingly into mommy's remarried
well with opening your package shake all
right prepare just care through it boys
it comes with not much there we go okay
all right be like us triple squeeze here
that's what about holiday is obvious we
started we're going to squeeze thanks
for watching thanks for watching
everybody please do like driving me to
comments down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little feed will pop
up and music subscribe if you already
have subscribed please forget everything
that I have just said is my radio voice
bye
