I said any we are doing something that
has never been done before um
everybody's done it at home we've never
done it here this is the blindfold Oreo
taste testing a challenge well the
monkeys are going to be blindfolded and
I'm going to let them taste a variety of
different weird and exciting sorry about
that just punch in the head normal
flavors and the monkeys are gonna have
to decide what flavor it is are you guys
ready yeah you guys have your blindfold
yeah we didn't have another blindfold
for you we just have this monkey tonight
sleeping right thing where you think
it's probably me alone leave me alone oh
then yes oh no okay I can't see anything
guys Hey high five honey yes I look a
whole bunch of them here right we're
going to lose one per specimen one you
guys have to decide through first you
gotta give it a good smell don't you
chew chew with your mouth closed because
you know we're not cows hmm then you get
this uh vanilla monkey like oh boy no
marshmallows graham cracker graham
crackers no birthday cake this is like a
birthday cake but everybody has
I was assuming I wasn't gonna like
everybody okay everyone has a different
technique this monkey bikes right into
it
mr. monkey going for the cookie first
and then doesn't go later
what is it like when lemon all right one
point from this monkey does it hit like
lemon definitely is I think worth
warming floating next one doesn't matter
to close our eyes on us this is from
another country whoa
for Mexico hot dog it's not clear that
for sure if you guys get in in the mail
we did not get in the mail I'm not gonna
feed you anything that I got in the mail
okay weird oh my god Oh Bobby coffee no
I don't know it you think you got it
three two one
chocolate I'm John um what what oh it's
not chocolate I don't know peanut butter
peanut butter and not peanut butter was
it it was green pea Oh
breezy dirty Wow
I didn't think of that
you know it all right
just me president okay so these are from
the USA oh she's your aunt
think about it guys think about that
flavor let it simmer get it into your
brain has a feel
yeah music I need like 40 cookies when
we're done here
no thank you I probably still got that
cream because cream is key
okay three two one gram crap either
graham cracker brown sugar or
gingerbread cinnamon bun oh that means
exactly making like cinnamon bun what
next one okay yep
cheater you guys are gonna get this one
for sure all wrong mr. lucky zero I
think that you guys thanks me cousin is
peppermint peppermint I finish a candy
cane cleaner peppermint candy cane candy
cane okay no I heard it it kind of is
mr. Montoya Oh
genuine no one I texting anything this
is like so tight for my eyes you can't
see me you can see me you can see me
you're gonna fall off the campus the
next flavor this was gonna be delightful
really ready yep mmm this is brute oh I
know you think you know what it is yeah
what kind of noises are you making right
now oh but mr. monkeys doing something
what are you doing yo technique yeah
using gay what it is with the 34 4 3 2 1
oh no it's beautiful figured it out it
is you can I see the whole to capture
blueberry Gloria before about some very
order there you go daddy some blueberry
Oriole blueberry tea from our friend uni
from Korea hooked us up with this Oreo
flavor Thank You Unni I read something
in Korean it says this painting could be
something gorgeous
all right if you like fix this okay
the Korean Oreo cookie looks like you in
there you know oh I know it you know it
already
okay smell it they fit it's okay let me
feel strong okay I guess ready three two
one time yeah
what matcha much uh not much not coffee
I'm gonna give you a hint there's a
dessert oh I can't get any field tsunami
food that's oh that's one of your
favorite dessert yeah
does that be like you have your coffee
you continue to condemn you the club
mm-hmm mmm delightful okay last flavor
coming right up ah my sister already
already won in it three hello all right
anything yeah okay you guys ready for
less later yeah okay here is oh so cool
I don't want no no there's mayonnaise in
here why would you do that how would you
like to taste it what about you if you
like this complete wizard three two one
may God he took another cream and
replace it with mayonnaise Thanks you
guys are gonna get big bite no guys here
oh thanks for watching guys we love you
very much
if you like this video please give it a
thumbs up if you want to see any other
challenges leave a comment down below
the monkeys are now going to eat this
maintain now I know you are
yep mayonnaise Oreo go ahead no me
tonight don't be give it a nice big boy
bite oh oh oh season but converse
then personally thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little
things will pop up and you can subscribe
if you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice but
