previously on the a B family and it
maybe all gets 20,000 comes up then my
dad will buy us I'll go read my sign
what yeah well a promise is a promise
today ladies and gentlemen boys and
girls I have received the world's
largest gummy python as promised and you
can smell it through the box look how
big this boxes
it's like making Rolly Rolly ball sounds
inside 120 calories and 300 servings per
package so that's this Python is 36
thousand if you're keeping an eye on
your calories you probably don't want to
eat this
this gummi python is supposed to be
eight feet long look at the size of this
pet it's the size of my head this is an
eight foot gummy Python and it smell
delightful
look at this snake this is so huge mama
B it's freaking me out because it looks
just like a real snake it looks like a
texture is the same oh here lay it out
mr. monkey let's see how long this thing
is okay that's your arm and this is
another one and this is another one and
this is another one whoa look at the
size of this snake look Clank so if you
planked Wow and mama B's mama is a very
tall drink of water look at that thank
you Wow thank you for being a snake a
model mama B how big is it is it the
size of your head it's like bigger
that's huge shower ooh I can't touch it
though look at this halo how's that tail
this snake weighs 25 pounds it is eight
feet long and it's 36,000 calories
6,000 tips news I promised that if our
gummybear video hit over 20,000 likes
that I would get these guys a gummi
Python so there it is what does it smell
like this feels like fruit punch okay
mommy what does it smell like hey it
smells amazing so it smells like a blue
slushie okay so is it so cute what
should we name our new pet the tough guy
tough guy oh it's gonna I was gonna try
to get him to attack you but his head is
so heavy
okay what's crazier guys the gummy bear
or the gummy python sculpturing of the
face it's so realistic look at the
detail imagine anything you know like
Frank Skinner uh yeah look at the nose
look the engine there's a there's like a
crease there you know snakeskin boots
what about gummy snakeskin boots it
looks like a real skin look at that it
is so your attention to detail is quite
a kudos to the snake makers user of the
massive snake kudos to the what I think
I ordered this on its sugar why don't
you guys put around your neck okay all
right monkeys you ready to wear this
name oh yeah imagine I put it on yeah
how does that look oh I don't know big
doughy Python that's about as swaggy as
it gets
can't English celebrate good times come
on
that is heavy duty
here she is Miss Python what a beauty
this is 26 pounds you know what that
should be your new accessory what do you
think maybe it's something that you
should just wear from now on I think you
should
gummy okay I love your new gummy
scarf baby very beautiful before we go I
think we have to take a bite out of this
snake do we take a little slices like
sushi no no no no because it looks like
you're cutting into the real estate but
it's a gummy snake
wait you know you don't have to do this
well you don't have to take a bite out
of the gummy yeah no oh my goodness be
very careful with the amount of gummy
that you're gentle oh my goodness are
you gonna bite where you gonna bite
gummy eyeballs
what is this gummy made out of leather
that's good what does it taste like you
ain't going anywhere unless you oh oh
whoa she just dropped the snake snake
drop you're just gonna huge bite that
was massive your Beast
wow that's sweet man is it sweet thanks
for watching everybody please like and
subscribe to our Channel
if you want to see more gummies that's
enough snake oh my goodness
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little thing will pop up and you
get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said
it's my radio voice but
