good morning everybody again to legoland
times there's mama be doing her morning
yoga quick Express Yoga good morning
everyone it's like 7:00 in the morning
and we are on our way to the hair and
makeup because today is the premiere of
a lego ninjago area especially that
amazing ride so we're gonna go ride it
let's go so we're gonna show you as much
as possible take you guys along the ride
with us and then there's like a green or
red carpet is it a red carpet or green
carpet I have no idea use a red and
green carpet we'll have to see all right
let's go
is Legoland Florida right here well it's
like coming back home I know when you
grow up your hands all right okay so I'm
riding shoes I think I mommy got her
hair did mommy tube got her hair did Wow
ladies look ravishing red-carpet ready
welcome to Legoland where all of your
wildest dreams come true oh do Pedro
from the bullying are you guys ready
yeah you guys ready for the red carpet
yes she cheats by the way so she's a
huge cheater so these guys are on there
they're roblox game you know and Big Ben
it's like a wood we're star wars and a
bitter a little bitter this is just the
world's fastest Lego world tour schedule
like real ninjas yeah the real ninjas
you guys have ninja stars on you do you
guys must be like really quiet when you
get home at night so you guys like going
through the like the top window not
through the front door
we are the first ones to try out the new
oh my goodness my arms are so tired you
know not for anything but I got the high
score they're out of the for your youth
right there thank you so much for good
to pull some family fun yeah thank you
we try we have a good time it shows for
sure Julian's gonna beat you guys all
coach she's like a little spider just
across
this is just a regular elevator there's
nothing going on did someone press the
number we'll see you guys peace okay now
we're gonna freshen up and then are you
ready mama because you're going I'm
going you're going well they changed it
now it drops now there's like a
death-defying drop wait wait for it wait
for it you see everything from here
hi Clark yes
sparkles
girl squad all right monkey tube that's
gonna be a new nickname
monkey two of them mr. monkey right
there all right these guys are gonna go
on the dragon and hopefully not get sick
because they both ate a lot of pizza you
had four slices of pizza oh man are you
able to hold it down on the roller
coaster
love the kids hi kids
yes are you you were here the whole time
smuggling Lego contraband Lego okay mama
B is not the biggest fan of roller
coasters that dragon window but that was
terrifying but we're actually going back
to another roller coaster now mono easy
Costa Soros Jan are these roller
coasters chill are they super chill
they're super chill perhaps your idea of
chill is different from my ideas
so we're at the driving school now
what's your prediction do you think miss
monkeys going to listen to the rules
okay guys thanks for watching we look
mama bees getting kicked out again okay
this monkeys gonna go we're good
okay they can take her now we got the
bag let's go thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little theme
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice but
