can your your champ your champ cheers
like oh we are going to do something
different now we're playing Pokemon but
why are we in the kitchen mama B we are
in the kitchen because as in true a be
faction we wanted to kick it up a notch
with a punishment
so today's punishments include a
disgusting green drink ha ha wheatgrass
wheatgrass monkeys have you ever tried
wheatgrass no no no okay if someone
loses they can suck on a lemon yes ma'am
the worst is the worst punishment
ah there it is there just get that
Pokemon Sun and poke him up and put him
on moon all right we went through all
different features and functionality of
Pokemon in the previous video mama knows
were in a Lola we're catching all kinds
of cool pok√©mon we're having fun now
that we know the basics of the game all
four of us are going to battle each
other in the arena we all have different
Pokemon and we're all going to be and
I'm gonna beat mr. monkey today no no
there's only one winner and there are
three losses so that basically means the
one winner doesn't get a punishment and
three people get a punishment but he's a
big loser she can get the green drink
and all and Mama can bite into the onion
I would gladly accept the punishment you
bite into the onion I would that's gross
no way to win and not have to eat any of
these disgusting items you won't have to
defeat another player's Pokemon okay so
say I defeat Mama's Pokemon it
automatically stops and I am the winner
because I am the first person to to
fully defeat hmm why mama Spock um
purple is either you want a one Pokemon
yeah okay so that's the rule now you
press participating team okay we're
doing this so I do i press participating
to you yes
all right back to mr. monkey be miss
monkey mama be ready yeah goodness look
at this three losers altogether ah
you're pretty confident there already
know what I'm going in with my tour of
cats wait how do you know whether one is
your big foot is your bomb well they're
all level 50s so it really just depends
on their moves so you can pretty much
pick whatever you want your favorite one
you like a manky victim inky so my eight
my three Pokemon everyone's got their
three Pokemon all right here we go
I got
I'm charging by the well babe
the dome is packed in film in the side
man's yeah Oh
alright I'm in the green corner this
Loveman on redirect in the yellow corner
mr. monkey being sends up quick Tori Oh
No
in the red corner public be sent up to
work at tour I can also hmm blue quarter
nama be sent out Rowlett roving snap
snaps no battle royale starts now mommy
I know how to do this you know how to do
it alright here we go I can do it here
we go here we go alright so I press
fight I don't really yeah you think
you're you pick your movie
yeah you think you're different now okay
I'm right Oh Nicky palette I'm going
after I love your mr. monkey right away
you are you just seem in a way because
everybody pick their moves
yeah we communicate please stand by ya
think you think who are you gonna attack
oh ok probably so can you just
okay here we go damn I didn't nothing
Oh No alright hoot Orca is attacking
mama I'm very sorry but oh no it's super
effective vehicle mr. i can talk to you
mama be oh girl remedies pokey gasps who
do you have did you just poison
everybody miss my oh my gosh
just poisoned everybody all right all
right here we go here we go are you
buzzing I'll close it okay you know what
turn up turn up for what to look for
woman what's going on here everyone's a
boy so we're all being poisoned miss
muggy poisoned poisoned everyone with
their grammar Oh the battle is over
that's it come on you're hot so you won
this one no no watching who won the
battle mice lucky just one see I gotta
know what's going on oh my goodness
loser that's it it's punishment time
already it's a bonus new so there are
different rules that you can set the way
we set this one up was really simple as
soon as a Pokemon faints the game
calculates who was the winner and Miss
monkey came out on top Wow miss monkey
gets to pick who gets the punishment
because she's the champion I want mr.
monkey to think big bite out of a big
bite out of how do you even eat a full
one just take a bite out of it yeah you
got to take a big bite out of the angle
you have take a big bite miss monkey did
you pick mr. monkey to bite the onion
yes
oh okay Oh chica but you gotta take a
big bite like like it's a nap
yes Oh No so let's go oh that's so gross
like an out oh you're such a savage I'm
gonna heal oh wow
that is disgusting holy are you like
reading it he regretted he regrets that
decision to be Lily are you okay Wow wow
that's got a punch that's like a punch
in the face in it you want to spit it
out oh I can't believe that you I don't
even know anymore no one told him to
take too big by it keep it on his own
chicken onions it's safe it's a
waveshape
good setup yan is good for the scissors
one day it's actually really good for
you
now that is well well well at punishment
what is it that you're going to give me
what punishments I'm gonna give you the
lemon
everything else do you know how we
thought this was going to go we thought
mr. monkey was going to win because he
is the king of Pokemon and the three of
us hunt Pokemon Pokemon Pokemon okay
game on
so then pokemon pokemon pokemon cocoa
and
the tables have turned and in fact it
was miss monkey who why I'm the one I
learned not to take a bite out of an
onion like an apple I am not to mess
with miss monkey oh you're a champ your
champ Cheers Oh haven't you done enough
oh you've done it up damage to the boy I
want you to suck all of the juice out of
the lemon so when you're finish I want
to squeeze it and then won't be no juice
coming out ready well just suck it you
don't even need the plate because I
won't it will all go in your mouth so
let's go this thus Oh No oh and it's
this one is so juicy - Oh Papa I know
whenever I see like sour stuff like my
my mouth just gets so watery did you eat
the whole lemon oh well your breath is
going to smell good for like ten years
now move it to the next no no mine are
you serious like doing the other half
yeah yellow this is for my son you would
do the white out of the onion Oh
Oh are you okay
go on Bubba I'm right behind you oh you
got this whoa Oh my breath is gonna
smell amazing after this mama Dee gets
to suck back the array juice this is not
even a punishment for Mama B because she
drinks this like every morning we gotta
jump in the hole and it's not even a
placement so mommy you sure chug chug
chug chug chug what you guys have been
cheering why are you even cheering is
just like a regular thing I hope you
guys enjoyed that Pokemon battle with a
punishment today miss monkey was clearly
the winner who came on the Sun and put
him on the moon available in stores now
also available as a download in the
Nintendo eShop thanks again to Nintendo
for sponsoring this video I hope you
guys enjoyed it we love you guys so much
peace peace thank you idea yeah thanks
for watching everybody please like
subscribe and leave a comment down below
if you haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left hand a
little thing will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
points it's my radio voice but
