they see me rollin they hatin mommy just
informed me that she wants to make the
world's largest ham and cheese sandwich
or ham and cheese cake so I am on my way
up to see this right now apparently it's
called a torta de jamon Y queso
look who I have here look who decided to
show up
I hear you're making the world's largest
ham and cheese sandwich are you a baby
like that oh but you're a nice ray am i
cute because you're very cute so you so
don't yell at me so much sorry I'm just
joking don't panic how monique is so
it's a savory tart it's kind of like
flaky like an empanada it's savory so
you would have it like as an appetizer a
snack after school you can have it with
a side of salad you get have it for
breakfast yeah the kids love how monique
is she's not only here just to help us
make food you know she was here for
Thanksgiving and now she's here for the
dr. Beckmann come on okay so but I have
the authentic Uruguayan here with me my
mom yes we're gonna make this together
can I help
I'd rather you didn't
the ingredients are as follows six cups
of flour oh you gotta get your jacket on
mama B how how can you be considered at
a professional if you're not wearing
your mama B jacket all right about six
cups of flour two teaspoons of salt two
teaspoons of baking powder we're gonna
need one and a half cups of combined oil
and boiling hot water one and a half
cups so half is oil 1/2 is hot water and
then of course for the harmonica so we
have Italian ham you can also get
prosciutto Cotto is a nice hand to get
or you can use regular ham this ham look
at the Italian ham get outta here with
your guava juice this is Italian ham
shut up through Italia for me Filipinos
we're making this beautiful come on
Thank You Brandon just regular cheese
slices so here we're gonna use about 12
slices leaves on this Mikey would you
like to start unwrapping those all right
you unwrap the cheese there nice monkey
so we're gonna dump all the flour in
so it's about six cups so next is two
teaspoons of salt the dough is so
delicious it's very shaking
it's so good it's almost like a party
sized pizza but ham and cheese it's so
so we're gonna do one and a half
teaspoons of baking powder
what Kiki they don't work cool
yes boil water and oil yeah mm-hmm there
it is
oh it's manageable it's it's a little
wet you want to make sure it's not dry
sous chef how's the cheese it's good
yeah we got some dough over here dough
this common case is going to be dog
don't means live like on fleet you know
what I mean
so we've started kneading the dough you
don't have to me that you're not making
homemade bread okay
and always keep the flour in your mind
okay because it will sprinkle it on the
counter it sticks a little yeah and you
need to smell it it's in ten minutes
it just rested a little bit now we're
gonna cut it 60/40 the 60 is gonna go on
the bottom so it comes out a little bit
so you can seal it properly okay that
looks like it's 6040 to me flour your
roller there you go yes roll it look at
dome rolling skills and you don't want
it too thick and not seem like paper
right and not thin like paper either
it's hard to move it whoa look at that
skill okay Wow
whoa look at that so you're forming it
into the rectangle right now it's kind
of like a savory pie it's like a henna
cheese pie yeah right I'm actually
transfer that to correct the other side
the corners the cheese goes first so
we're gonna preheat the oven to 350 and
everyone continues to cheese the tray
this is the biggest ham and cheese well
now I know if we ever need to get the
tiles fixed I know who to call
nice monkey and we're gonna do two
layers of the hand palm on yes and
Gissel what I'll make a wish you guys a
perfect
that's a double layer harmonica so a
whele is rolling the top layer of the
torta they see me rolling hitting I will
never measure up to my mom in the
kitchen my mother was a bit of a drinker
she goes up as usual
see how it's thin yes get it really
really thin so the toddler has to be
thin it has to be thin like you don't
want it thick because then you're biting
into it and it's too cold when you guys
look at it slick are nothing but a pole
boom redonkulous alike
what we're gonna do now is you're gonna
pinch the edges why because when this
cooks the cheese is going to liquify
then you're gonna let it cool and then
you're gonna cut it open and again it'll
be as it was in its original state but
you don't want the cheese to come out of
the dome
that's tight bro no honey it's a
necklace inna we're gonna do some bulky
bulky all so that the steam can come out
we poke the holes now we're gonna beat
one egg
we also do a side business Ramos monkey
oh yeah what's that
where else a little visit to the people
who don't pay up yeah congratulations
amazing yes ready to go to the oven guys
are you guys gonna all hold it together
put an arrow just to a prison Bam Bam
boogie so a little 2530 minutes yeah
keep an eye on it mr. monkey is ready to
taste test that thought that I help me
kids over in the other Hall he's very
cute we should make more babies we
should we should make more babies who
should have six more baby let's have
eight more babies summer night any more
babies who wants 11 babies not me look
how beautiful this looks
Wow product
oh my goodness that's beautiful smells
incredible
you see you see how flaky it is there we
go the cheese the ham one that's a
beautiful thing it's like a ham and
cheese pastry savory savory tasty
delicious yummy
and the kids could eat this for like
three weeks straight thank you my love
for making total different money gesture
oh you already welcome I love these
totally how many gifts of is sleep Wow
it's dope thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little thing will pop
up and you get to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice but
