candy cane toss
I like your socks
Wow you can love it
mommy loves this song yo time to talk
mama be
but I'm gonna need some water after all
that Oh hydration is very important wha
what this year went like this
yes and we are doing what we do every
single year around this time of year is
setting our goals for next year our goal
is to stay healthy stay safe stay
positive
Oh touch your nose and have as much fun
as possible mm-hmm right and to share
with all of you guys what we've learned
in our life yes I know we're like super
goofy and we'd love to have fun but we
are adults we don't I don't we do adults
hang out with a straight face we do
adults adulting is hard and we're
parents and we have some life experience
some of us more than others
mama B's got a little bit more life
experience sometimes I wake up wearing a
minyan onesie and I have to be reminded
to take off the minion one see when I
drop the kids off at school I was
wearing a minion onesie today and I
almost love the house wearing it you
left the house wearing it you wore it to
the bus stop whatever anyways okay so
what is the topic of today's video it is
how did you lose the weight and how do
you stay healthy because we've had that
question come up a lot so today we're
going to focus on what did we do so two
main things we change the way we eat and
we exercise we didn't do that before
many many moons ago I was very plumpie
I'm not going to speak for mom of me
because if I say that she was plumpie
I'm gonna get hurt when I met papa B he
had the worst eating habits and what
happened was I gained a ton of weight
because I like to eat a lot of crazy
things and didn't like to exercise stuff
and so I wanted to join him and do what
he was doing so I start I gained a ton
of weight and then I got pregnant with
the kids and then I was in big trouble
right until my mom actually said to me
Iike I'm worried about you like because
I think my
other every single day I didn't get
offended I'm not while there's this
person who really loves me who only
wants the best for me who has proven
that my whole entire life and she's
saying I'm worried about you are you
okay we started to realize that we were
out of control
we weren't eating properly and we were
not exercising at all it has nothing to
do with the physical yeah it's you know
what are you setting yourself up for in
the future
if you're not taking care of your body
there are so many things that can happen
right like I think number one leading
cause of death is cancer second is
diabetes so if you can avoid these
things by leading a healthy life why not
yeah avoid it as much as possible food
wise what did we do our eating habits we
cut out a lot of sugar we cut out a lot
of sugar and a lot of fast food so we
used to didn't cut it out entirely no we
did not cut it up entirely all of our
burger you still yeah once in a while
dry chicken you got a balance and our
tacos and our tacos and our nachos yeah
we love everything rim ribs it's about
balance
so do we eat that stuff absolutely oh
yeah we do love it
do we have it every night no no we
limited fast food and we focused more on
Whole Foods and fruits and vegetables
and cutting out the salt and cutting out
the sugar as much as possible we're
eating like proteins fish meat chicken
vegetables grains um lots of seeds like
chia seeds pumpkin seeds I used to have
muffins and they Stav breads I said like
a lot of bread so with cream cheese with
cream cheese ma so I swapped that out
with a banana a banana gives you energy
it makes you feel full and it's much
healthier than eating a bagel with cream
cheese every single day yeah so we might
have a bagel once once in a remodel
weeks or we put that banana in oatmeal
where we put that banana in a smoothie
right or a protein shake Sugar's a big
factor we still love our sugar we love
our desserts if you put a warm brownie
and a
chocolate-chip cookie with vanilla ice
cream and chocolate syrup in front of me
so I'm gonna eat it oh yeah and I'm
gonna enjoy every last bite
but Madhuri once in a blue moon or the
majority of the week you want to focus
on having a sensible breakfast so having
a banana having some oatmeal for lunch
sometimes you'll buy a roasted chicken
at the supermarket we'll have roasted
chicken and steamed broccoli yes
prepared chickens awesome with a little
bit of barbecue sauce you want we used
to have our dinners at like eight
o'clock at night
well yeah so you stick with the have a
chip party every night
where's Teresa but eat a bag of chips
she's eat a lot of chips we've seen a
lot of chips and I used to smash gallons
of soda just just gallons of soda once
in a blue moon I'll have like a ginger
ale here and there but I used to drink
soda daily and that was my biggest
problem and as soon as I cut out soda
like 99% of it I didn't feel in Chadha
like I say each other like I wasn't like
so puffy that was my thing everybody has
their thing right some people eat too
much bread and that's what makes them
feel unhealthy - mine was soda what was
yours mama B you take a count in the day
of what you are consuming so if you've
been really good breakfast lunch you can
sledge a little bit more at dinner or if
you've been really good for a couple of
days you can have more calories so it's
basically calorie intake and where are
you getting your calories from so you
have to consume foods that give you
energy that are healthy for you that
will put out healthy energy so that you
can exercise and go running and do
whatever it is that you enjoy doing for
fitness everyone requires a certain
amount of calories during the day to
burn like how much you actually need in
a day and if you have more than what you
need you will gain weight from what I
understand because your body doesn't
need
so then it transfers it to fad that what
we're trying to teach the kids is
moderation so have the piece of cake
absolutely and have dessert do you need
for dessert
know how to moderate peace and enjoy it
I love it don't hate yourself for eating
it because it is a short life right it's
a short life and we want to enjoy the
the nice things in life but in
moderation to really just break it down
we reduced the amount of sugar that we
take in and the amount of salt that we
take in as much as possible and we drink
a ton of water water I replaced juice
for the most part with water so if I'm
thirsty I don't go drink orange juice or
a fruit punch or drink soda
I grab water and I drink lots of it and
the other big part is exercise we
started to exercise and there's so many
different things that you can do but
that will help you sweat and get your
heart rate up you can run if you don't
like running get on a bicycle if you
don't like getting on a bicycle do
jumping jacks in your living room you
just got to get your heart rate up and
you got to get sweating and you got to
get moving and you have to do that three
times four times a week if you can for
like 20 minutes you got to get up and
you got to move and there are so many
different programs out there you just
have to find something that works for
you for us we now do CrossFit and we do
it at least four times a week and our
workouts are usually about now an hour
because we take like 10-15 minutes to
warm up and then you actually work out
for like a good 20 minutes before that I
myself I did p90x and that helped me
before p90x I would run outside I would
jump on a treadmill and just run and
play my favorite song and just sweat
because you were working out on your own
you kept getting injured yes he would
keep getting his back injured his lower
back but that's the thing is you didn't
have someone watching you know right and
knowing that you were doing things
safely I did yoga my stomach and my back
were not strong so I kept throwing out
my back right and there were days I
couldn't even straighten out
has been amazing I've been doing this
now for two and a half years and it has
strengthened my back right spinel might
cross it I haven't thrown out my back
since I know how to pick up things I now
have muscles back here muscles in your
legs used to have muscles she's got five
muscles now
yeah but muscles aerobic exercises will
work for someone else so there's just so
many different things you can you can do
as long as you get out there and you
sweat as long as you get up there and
get your heart rate up that's important
we're gonna start a bee family exercise
segment on our channel and they were
calling it be family boot camp be family
boot camp is just a fun exercise video
that we're gonna do as much as possible
but we're gonna have live we're going to
do this live on YouTube and it's gonna
be us it's going to be our amazing
coaches that you guys are going to get
to meet the kids are gonna genomes their
professional their stuff Wow you know
their stuff they're professionals yeah
they definitely know so you're gonna get
to meet them the monkeys are going to be
involved as well so we're all going to
be exercising together we think it's
important to have a supportive community
so that you want to get started on doing
this we're there for you to motivate you
and to workout with you so that's how
much we want you to get healthy for the
new year for 2017 if this is going to
goal of yours guess what we want to be
part of it we don't want to see you
achieve your goals we want you to get
your body healthy your mind healthy your
heart healthy so we make you laugh yep
but now we want to make you healthy
you're wide and strong so that's what
we're doing we're going live so we can
work out together you can write in and
ask questions yep and our coaches are
going to be there answering questions
too if you have questions about the
anatomy of the body you know really
technical stuff right guess what they
know that they're going to be there stay
tuned to our youtube channel make sure
to hit the there's a little bell on our
page so when you hit that bell after you
subscribe you're going to get notified
so when we go live you're gonna get a
message on your phone to go to our
Channel and watch because we're gonna be
live we want you to move your coffee
table if you're in the living room we
want everybody to be involved no matter
where
our whole family move the kitchen move
the kitchen move my kitchen if you want
to move the coffee table out of the way
right get on the floor your kids parents
grandparents everybody
Nonna's no no no aah
Zia Zia Zia Oh wah the mus and ol paws
yeah get everyone on the floor let's
work out together and get healthy stay
tuned stay subscribed and notify we're
gonna go live this Sunday yeah and we
can't wait because it's gonna be fun
we're just gonna turn the camera on go
live we're gonna be at the gym we're all
gonna be together I hope we were able to
answer some of the questions you had
about how we change and how we
transformed leave a comment down below
and we can help answer some questions if
there are specific dietary questions or
exercise questions that you have we'll
do our best to answer it thanks for
watching everybody we love you guys so
much and we'll see you all again soon
sending I think you look handsome
Mike you look beautiful you're just
saying that because I'm right next to
you
what what no because even if you're not
next to me I'm going single oh so
beautiful
