hello everybody
that was translation hello everybody
I was in my room displaying so three out
and then mom and Papa coming like
suspiciously every time they're like um
smokey we have a surprise for you I'm
always like squishy squishy Xander my
Squishy so right so they have this huge
bag behind their back I don't like is
that is that the squishies and then I
caught this love of my life
look what is Ted guy so silly pledge
emoji 720
freeze-out and I started screaming like
I was like tearing up like Yap song song
yeah like like like oh my god like oh my
god like let's get started
sippy squishes out here so yeah let's
get cracking back and bite it oh so we
played it a little bit less sorry guys
I'm like hyperventilating I'm on Animal
House hyperventilating hyper battling
anyways let me look that up in the
dictionary
I want to give a shout out to I bloom
and silly squishies I'm gonna like slice
this egg I'm gonna like not throw in the
garbage at all this is gonna be a
souvenir greatest day in my life 2016
whoa whoa I'd see my bread I order the
peach and other great stuff
whoa oh my goodness whoa
the case of the first and I'm so sorry
guys
okay so the Riesling I pulled out here I
like can't stop smiling so the visit I
pulled out here with this I blue jumbo
strawberry I made sure to get like
everything jumbo like the peach the
cornet I think that's how you say whoa
never had a slow rising squishy before
so yeah I got this like giant strawberry
stars for like the crunching I know that
you guys like hate that whoa get that
baby I know you guys hate the sound of
like when people squish squish you use
it like oh watch this slow rising oh my
whoa look at that slow rising focus this
is a greatest time oh sorry guys I just
can't get over this do you think I
should open it up you know Yolo Yolo
whoa it's still oh it's so soft
okay Wow okay whoa hahahaha it's so soft
it's the softest thing I've ever felt in
my life even softer than a baby's bottom
not that I've touched these buttons oh
it's so soft
okay ready three two one 2016 best day
of my life
Yolo oh my
my hole which smells like strawberries
wah-wah I'm sorry if I'm spending like
so much time on one squishy but like
look at dad so I wanna give like six
shout outs to go op juice I want to get
the show it's a purple banana 25 for
like really inspiring me look at that
slow rising I've always wanted to say
that with like an actual squishy I'm
like when you squish it there's like
stuff like air that kind of comes out
I'm gonna putting this bad language Ino
next one this next one is this I bloom
butter bread low I was waiting for this
that's oh wow it's soft okay oh I'm
sorry
woah this is so soft this is so Wow
okay let's give this a squish wow wow
you guys wow it's so wow - so anything
oh my gosh now I know why you like this
stuff oh my gosh the bottom is so soft
look at this okay
okay put the squish it down on a scale
of one to ten how would you work that
squishy me ten like all the squishies
from I bloom ten I'm so glad I didn't
get scammed I want I wonder if it's like
a real thing or just a spoof I still do
do I smell like starlings also hahaha
this is huge it looks like this then
Danis the
no I know you just want to touch my
species but now all right so the next to
see Joey I've been the next squishy it's
Billy the whale guys it's Billy the
whale whoa
that's cute I've never is it merely the
oil or Billy - where's million Billy I
chose Billy kiss he was like I see
something yeah I brought a choose
billion Oh No
so this is Billy the way out from I
bloom everything is from I bloom again
super slow rising let's try to open this
up without like doing a package whoa
whoa I wonder what kind of phone they
use for this so let's squeeze the horn
whatever it's called the narwhal horn
its focus like focus brah
okay look at that
for the moment of truth whoa that's
squishy sub Hawaiian wow that looks like
a face like that's the eyes and how I
can't get enough of you
Billy Billy like bi l li e it's just
like hello my name is Brian that's B WRI
number seven letter Q this one's like
mint Wow that's slow rising it and wow
this is serious look put your hand to
the bottom of this what am I putting my
hand on the bottle what that sort of
bread like to feel the bottom of it it's
so nice this feels like a real piece of
bread can I pull your bread out of the
bank
No well I can not use these are serious
these are serious guys carry well leave
her alone okay we go knock knock who's
there
get out don't you mess which like there
okay I think it's either a steamed bun
or Manju bun again from I bloom sale
expression staff to you I love it
because it's like shimmering sparkly
sorry my nails they look like garbage
they look like in poubelle that's
garbage in French thank to you French
teacher you're gonna get far in life
they're mine fade like a huge dumpling
oh it comes with a keychain great still
ridin take your time bro take yoga
it smells okay it smells kinda like
strawberry permanent marker this kind of
feels like leather not gonna lie but
it's okay so slow rising kind of find it
annoying when people say look at that
slow rising that's so slow rising like I
feel bad because I'm saying it so yep on
to the next fish II don't like safe
summer all you can eat these no cuz they
will like if someone showing me this
long now looks nice let it read well
don't matter do
don't please they're squishy I like
really don't want to wreck the packaging
okay so this is like really soft this is
the huge strawberry it's like really big
so let's go in a squished you guys Wow
hi I can't even smell I can't it smells
like a doctor's office
I just can't I can't even from once even
I can't even oh wow I'm like gonna sleep
with my squishies tonight no you're no
you're no you're just joking
no I am one bunny I'll put it in after
the video no one touched us I don't want
to get dirty
okay okay X my heart it's waah I blew
pitch everybody wrong great - one moment
of truth everybody amazing it's actually
smaller than I thought that's okay it's
shimmery and just because it's sugar
here like it anyways so let's give it a
switch focus okay so let's
Wow I'm like trying to squeeze as much
as I can even though I like squished it
to the core already and I can't be
squished more and that's what it looks
like when you let miss monkey squish
your squishies looks like an apple but
it's a peach don't know kind of just you
know when you went in who is a sultan
the one isn't bad so this last one is
huge it's huge guys
and it like looks like an actual Coronet
like there's some but some say like burn
homicides are all right like the back is
nice and texture this is the pretty
model jumbo bakery cornet it has this
cute little chocolate cookie right
inside there so let's go search wow I
did not expect that I think it opened up
while I was getting but wow this is
super super duper duper - but every
weapon faces a gnome language my nails
are like kind of long so don't mind that
see and three two one Wow let's squish
the chocolate kitty
so slow rising I love it when they get
people extras that's that's very
thoughtful and generous when they give
people like extras in general that's so
nice thank you squishy companies you're
so nice squishy sellers oh my god I'm so
sorry I dropped you I love you I'm gonna
nourish it on the church every moment I
have with you and I'm gonna love you
you're not gonna love this I'm
gonna call you Jimmy but that didn't
make any sense in it I'm gonna call this
guy tell me in the comments what I
should call my squishies so yeah just
looking at this table of squishies made
me realize how lucky as a girl i am so i
think you put it in here yeah I think
yeah I do I keep getting on my seat my
seats like all the way back there so you
put this cute baby the one that I
dropped them up before I just want to
thank you again for that extra really
thoughtful iPhone and Queen Mary and
sleaze cookie anyways thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below and tell
me if you've purchased any of these
items if you have this drug I can have
the Manjula if you have the English
butter bread if you have the Milly the
whale if you have the chocolate
Shortcake if you have this extra if you
have this chocolate Katy Cornett if you
have the Aibileen Peach comment down
below I think they get it
bye thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little thing will pop up and you
get an subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said
it's my radio voice right
