how's it going everybody so a few days
ago I decided I wanted to order the
world's largest gummy bear and I figured
why not let's get it let's see how crazy
this thing is and I'm gonna surprise the
monkeys with it it's super obviously
super heavy I don't know if it's like
packed in or what okay you can smell the
gummy bear through the box that's a good
sign this is crazy look at this look at
this this thing and it has like a it has
a bowl for a tummy so you can put like a
mini gummy bears in it or whatever but
M&Ms in here smells amazing okay I have
a surprise the monkeys it is the size of
this thing
how do you see I see giant gummy Bale it
is so heavy monkey come come you have to
see this look at the died look at the
size of this thing it smells so
beautiful
it smells amazing that's amazing like it
smells juicy in here or something okay
this is a life hack for like this is
like a killer party idea order one of
these babies for your next party set
this on the table and Barney Barney and
you put some candy in here it's candy
inside a candy why is it still in the
plastic hold on mama B she's nothing
something a little bit healthier well
we're not gonna eat the candy here it
take a bite of one of these take a bite
out of the Kip out of the fair yeah oh
boy I don't know guys for lunch and
stuff no no I think I'm just gonna keep
it in my room you're making like
beautiful soup I'm sorry to like rain on
your parade the only person who keeps us
healthy and happy whoa really yeah no I
you know I don't think this is a good
challenge yeah okay oh okay No
just stabbing things is definitely this
is very dangerous you keep doing your
thing I am ah you need my knife did you
punch the balls like a mouse look at the
bow all right oh it smells amazing
my goodness this is redonkulous let's
hola
this is a gummy bear how's that slow
rising Wow
yes Mel's like because it's not like
fruit punch where's the smell like guys
smell the case it's not much hmm I am
making beautiful chicken soups I know
your soup is amazing but there's a gummy
bear 23 pound
look at that wah overhead squats with
the world's largest gummy bear mama B's
killing me right now getting the games
whoa 25 pounds 25 pounds it's so like
greasy and like gooey oh man it's just I
know you're making a nice soup I know
because I can see if you look at that ha
ha wah wah that a lot of people will say
it's fun
Oh what you see wha Haggar vietnamese
friends call it ha ha kazumi went to the
Vietnamese Thai restaurant that we love
yes
they say we're finally using it
guys finally you do make you know many
times that use this this is called the
pasta water daily the key is not to
touch this when you're cooking pots
they're also gonna bring your hands
right that's all I know
I'm just so Camilla you're so keen to
love oh I'm in love with the gummy all
right we're gonna do some squats here
you want to take a bite of this oh man
go for it
here we go in jeans overhead squats
world's largest gummy this is a world
record by the way
the world's largest gummy bear overhead
squat
we all take a bite out of the gummy bear
how could you buy the world's largest
gummy bear and not take a bite from it
this is our new baby there you go mama
BJ there you go that's our new baby okay
gummy bears do really well on YouTube
and babies do so we're having a baby
and we're having the gummy bear baby
here it is guys gender revealed next
episode are you guys ready to take a
bite okay three two one this is so good
it's like a huge chunk out of the gummy
bear oh you just went to the dentist
look at you guys you guys are animals
you know what you remind me of you
remind me of when Voldemort was eating
the unicorn in Harry Potter so I said
take a bite not a bunch of buddies I
think we're done guys I think you just
ate the equivalent of 38 gummy bears
baloney
okay stop biting the gummy bear that's
enough out of you guys mom I need to get
get in here legitimately
tastes like a gummy like it's gummy girl
take that chunky like a monkey yeah she
took a huge bite oh my god mama bee how
does that taste it tastes a light ball
doesn't it it tastes amazing
look at the bite
took out of this thing that was my bite
right there and that's a mama B's bite
yes mr. McGee's gonna eat the whole arm
okay you guys are gonna be you guys are
gonna be so sick thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below and remember
to click that Bell on the top right
corner so that you can get notified for
every video that we post leave a comment
down below and if this video gets 20,000
Hong's up then my dad will buy us are
going Python what yeah thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little thing
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice right
