why do you look so depressed because I
don't know why I agreed to this
hey guys so today I really want to do a
dad says yes to everything video because
I think that'd be fun especially for me
so let's go and give him a little notice
hello papa
hello do you want to do it dad says yes
to everything video I get it I have seen
this before K so I'm supposed to say yes
to everything you want yeah every but we
have to have some rules though you can't
just like you can say that we're like a
Lamborghini or reasonable requests
reasonable requests yeah what would be
your first request McDonald's for
breakfast McDonald's for bread yes we
already had breakfast I just had like a
sandwich but like I could totally go for
some McDonald's right now but I don't
think they have breakfast right now then
we could just go and buy some burgers
that's what you want to do yeah and you
have to say yes can't say no would you
like an eight part series
no just one part series okay thanks
alright let's go let's go let my brother
know now we're gonna go get some Donna
hey yes I am a loving this challenge I
am making loving it but we already had
lunch so today we're gonna do a dad says
yes to everything video okay okay but
and what do you want from McDonald's I
want a burger Nuggets and large fries
what do you say about that Papa you got
you're gonna say yeah and I want soda so
that's not water because usually when we
go to McDonald's we you and what you
would do wanna ask for anything anything
else like it be bucks or something yeah
no no be bucks yes we but I should have
set the rule up you couldn't even say
you could you can't say no public tell
it's ten thousand bucks
fine ten thousand yeah ten thousand be
bucks $100 book purchase three two one
whoo Oh thousand B bucks Baba
well I said yes to that but guess what
I'm never buying UV books again let's go
get some McDonald before we go I want
you to put this on I'm not wearing this
that's the challenge you go to see you
guys say you wear this okay with this a
lot just just throw it on and do some
dances and then we'll go you just gotta
can't even fit this on this is weird
just put it on see you later
hi it's an ally do some dances man let's
go got a we're gonna do do some orange
justice some hype orange justice go okay
hi
Oh actually better yeah best mates
now the four-night new dance the default
dance all right you can take it off
let's go to McDonald's okay thank you
okay yes
to McDonald's yes even Buster yeah so
one card for all of us one card for you
one card for me and one card for Gabi so
that we get a lot of games okay just one
what about one card you get three cards
one for you one for me and one for my
brother and we get lots of chips okay
three cards lots of chips and yes you
cannot say no three cards yes all right
papa so just letting you know I'm gonna
get two cheeseburgers a small fries and
a six pack a Chicken McNugget oh yeah me
too it's not I can I get one medium
coffee one milk one sugar yes that's it
okay I'm just kidding sorry my kids want
something - thank you thank you I tried
to prank my children but okay uh can I
get four cheeseburgers one medium and
one small fries and two 6-pack of
Nuggets no 1 medium root beer please one
extra cheeseburger on top and another
reunion movie yes 5 cheeseburgers yes
and what else are they did one more root
beer please sorry about that
that's it thank you so much guys lady
was not having it was blowing into her
mic
she was employing a turn like a storm in
there it wasn't a storm okay you happy
you got your McDonald's you're good
you got your McDonald's you're good some
clothes is ruling Oh awesome thank you
you're welcome
okay so now after this we get to go home
oh no we're going to Dave & Buster's
after this yes we are
why do you look so depressed because I
don't know why I agreed to this why why
did I agree to this yes to everything
Bubba
we need sweet-and-sour sauce okay no
mama you go get it Bubba do you want to
go and get it yes that's a challenge you
have to go get it
bye papa nope let's go pop I'm just
kidding we had sweet and sour sauces all
along yeah right yes I do right here
come on man okay that you're not having
these ones I'm gonna keep these so get
them hella give us it give it all right
there's no Dave & Buster's
hello hello dr. so we just came back
from Dave & Buster's
and I'm kind of getting a little hungry
so let's order pizza read their dongs
already yeah but that was like for lunch
let's have some dinner yo yes yes please
no no I want it I want it all right I
probably mushrooms green peppers on the
pizza because it's this challenge today
if you want olives um a bit better on me
I'm gonna go make some tic TOCs and
write it go make something guys by the
way I just paid it tick tock account I
was not expecting it to get like lots of
followers but like I guess where that
plug its Gabriella dot B EE so give me a
big flat followed and only following me
if you're dank meme er and get ready
because it's gonna be crazy guys alright
guys so we're gonna have some pizza
that's it for the night movies after a
movie yeah you can't say no it's gonna
be less okay was it a great success
today mm-hmm we got our pizza
dad says yes to everything it wasn't
actually that bad you know why because I
actually liked all the things you did
except for yeah putting on the brake
bomber costume it's not over
mm-hmm the challenge is not over just 24
hours 24 hours yeah it's nighttime don't
beat sup yeah but it's not 24 hours only
24 hours isn't over but I'm gonna go to
sleep
really okay so after the pizza it's
already nighttime what do you want to do
stay up really late yes because it's the
weekend but you have to wake up tomorrow
morning early
why because tomorrow it's kids say yes
to everything challenge yeah thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you've
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little feet
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice right
