ladies and gentlemen seniority cenotes
this is the challenge that I always look
forward to pancakes can you believe that
some local decided to challenge mama B
at cooking and that somebody is Denny's
Denny's has issued a challenge to mama B
saying that they have tastier and
fluffier pancakes than you mama B what
do you say about that me parece que la
gente Linda a perdieron laka Lisa no no
she just said that you may have lost
your mind
challenging mama B to a fluffier tastier
pancake challenge mama B you're going
first
today's pancake date literally we are
gonna eat pancakes and then we're gonna
take the monkeys for dinner to Denny's
to eat pancakes and compare and I want
you to tell the truth don't think old
you know if I lose I will take the loss
if my pancakes are not as fluffy I get
it and apparently they have some like
holiday flavors happening I have my
holiday flavors to Benny oh she got her
holiday flavors I will be perfectly
honest
you better be eight seriously I want to
know and I'm gonna tell the kids too
I want the truth I can handle the truth
chalo challenge let's do it mama B or
you can you do it mama B do you have
juicy blueberries like this Denny's I
don't know we're gonna have to see this
the best challenge ever I'm telling you
first things first things first
on top of flour two teaspoons of baking
powder half a teaspoon of baking soda
there's the dry ingredients done you
combine everything else in the bowl so
we're gonna put our egg
three tablespoons of sugar
one cup of buttermilk 1/4 cup of
vegetable oil and half a cup of water
now I'll start with my dry ingredients
look at that smoke just cuz you're mine
not cuz because I need them but they're
really good this has to be one of the
greatest days of my life it's basically
just eating pancakes all day what do you
do for a living we taste that yummy food
you have fluffy pancakes you're warm I
love them with sausages um I think
they're called pigs in a blanket is that
what they are Jen she just in a blanket
how do you see like trenches in the 7f
that's sheet let us know in the comments
what people like that means in Spanish
unless resada en la prasada chann
Cheetos Elif rosada alright well we got
this blankets right here baby so you
don't want to overbeat okay Deniz you
better come correct with your pancakes
cuz these smell amazing Oh what fire it
up you want medium heat look at how
creamy this is Luffy and Luffy nobody
nah no based on me off you know if you
search in the dictionary for the word
fluffy it's gonna show this now that's a
perfect pour right there look how fluffy
that is look at that
it's like oozing with fluff ok take note
Denny's if the pancake is difficult to
flip that means it's really fluffy let's
do this ready I'm ready
oh my good what there's the first one
super Luffy but the question is are they
better than you at what they do and now
we wait because the monkeys will be home
any minute now they better hurry up
because I want to eat these pancakes and
then we're off to Denny's for dinner
more pancakes the monkeys are home from
school do you know what's happening
today ah yes what's going on miss monkey
we're gonna taste test your guys's
pancakes and then Denny's and
that's basically what's gonna happen
right now and say it so mummys trying to
entice you guys by putting a little
gummy worm I'm pretty sure Deniz doesn't
put gummy worms in their pancakes no but
apparently they have a sticky bun one a
sticky bun flavor that I cannot wait to
try all right okay so is this flow
rising this monkey still rising how's
the fluffiness oh whoa that's slow
rising this monkey water sugar makes
everything taste a million times better
mama B's fluffy pancakes they're up
there up to roots Aaron okay
what's driving everyone out he's going
for the gummy world yeah really really
perfect um where these are just lucky I
like um are you getting this well I
enjoy food when I like the texture so
this is so far whoa mama B fluffy - a
rich on a scale of one to ten then I
love it
I'll at least a ten there you have it
boy we go Denny's my family really likes
my pancakes my pancake is I think they
were a hit they were fluffy mmm
they were yummy huh okay so good let's
go try Denny's now right you so you
really want to do this
yeah sure you wonder those Denny's
alright let's try to sell okay I think
we should choose salted MN
banana cream sticky fun sticky buns
and we're gonna try that a new pumpkin
cream they have a pumpkin cream pancake
so you can actually have your holiday
dinners here instead of having people
over and get a whole mess you know
cooking deck the halls with Denny's
pancakes but I think that it's gonna be
like really close between Denny's and
Mama's because both of their cooking is
amazing pressures on for whoo pressures
on for Denny's not you I already got a
tentative time for my handle not sorry I
didn't I'm not getting that excited oh
we got the caramel banana caramel banana
singing praises sticky bun yeah can I
trust you I said we're gonna try them
all relax
bring on the presentation I think that
Denny's is in the lead you'd even try
them yet
no but based on the presentation is that
okay we're gonna sit here until we'd
thank you so we're gonna eat them now Oh
laughs holiday spirit straight mama B uh
not gonna lie it's not looking good for
me I think you should be doing it first
this is the su-27 area the salted and
banana
I mean she's not happy
oh no the slow clap from Mama B she's
giving up mama B's pancakes or Denny's I
can't answer that question he refuses to
answer mama B's pancakes for Denny's
Danny's old whoo Oh Denny's let's go
the pumpkin cream last thank you so much
Denny's for inviting us for the
challenge this was fun
these are definitely fluffy these are
definitely very fluffy very tasty hmm
thank you so much for issuing this
challenge you know there are no real
winners and losers in this challenge you
know that
kinga know so mejoras the semen evidence
bigamy Marrero da hombre thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little
things will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
it's my radial voice but
