you guys fighting over who's sitting
next to who no arguing in this house we
never argue look at that zoom look at
that see why so much love in the family
ever take one baby what's up everybody
today we are going to read the craziest
hate comments I found on our channel can
someone please tell me what the word
cringe means cringe cringe is like hmm
why don't you always make me think like
oh it's okay like for example people say
all creates cringing musical ease if you
look at someone's musically it's all so
cringy that means I'd like you're
embarrassed for them like it's so like
you're embarrassed for them and you feel
bad for them oh no one hurts to be
embarrassed for me because they find
doing something it's cuz I want to do it
cuz I'm loving what I'm doing and well I
don't care what you think right so what
does it matter if you get embarrassed
from what I do who cares man we love you
guys so much
99.999% of our comments are positive we
get so much love from you guys we try to
respond as much as possible but
sometimes we like to have a little bit
of fun so I picked out all the comments
that had the word cringe in it these are
the best ones these were the best ones
okay mr. monkey please I
these types of videos and I'm a dancer
from Finland but this made me cringe so
hard that I threw my phone at the wall
no hey I love your video so wait a
second
she cringes so much she's a dancer she
wants to throw her phone at the wall and
then she wanted to throw her phone
against the wall yet she still loves us
no hate though after she screams first
of all when I think of a dancer I think
of those little ballerinas you know when
you open up the jewelry box and the
little ballerina pops up right with the
ballerina music one thing does not go
with you it doesn't it doesn't make it
easier either a dancer or you are a
cringe right spreader okay here's
another one my cringe levels are through
the roof mr. monkey how how do you
measure cringe levels is there like a
level of cringe I think there's like a
special meter stick for cream the cream
store climax Prince okay no okay not
hating but each time I see the monkeys
sing I cringe a lot anyways good voice
nice video keep it up let me get this
straight you say that whenever you see
us sing you cringe but you really like
our singing so keep it up so you say so
this is literally she said but each time
I see the monkeys sing I cringe a lot
anyways good voice and I keep it up
it's like I hate you but I like really
like you yeah it's like I have this like
need for cringe and so keep singing cuz
I get I get I get a kick out of the
cringe I don't use then how does that
work it consistent you can't be both
yeah aside
okay mama be read this please why wasn't
there a cringe warning warning warning
this video is in the beginning of every
video warning this videos at cringes
video you ladies and gentlemen today
we're gonna dance to jutsu on that beat
are you ready
because it's gonna be how are we
supposed to okay oh my goodness okay is
it only me or that little girl is Trinh
j-- do you think your cringe no well
that's all that matters
okay ready we got we gotta say yeah
we're gonna do these more often I laugh
so much
let's get the squishy let's get this
squishy stress out first I'm luck I'm
not in that cleaned position by the way
I'm not a hater but how are you gonna
beat her I am love in a clinch position
but I'm not a hater but I'm not but I'm
not a hater oh she's still locked in a
Chris position but she's not here but
she's not a heater no I'm gonna cream so
I did you see that basic typing I'm
gonna cringe so bad I can't what and
crazy I can't wait to be cringing in
this week oh I cannot wait for the
craziness that happen in this video this
was great because I think this is how
you say cringy in another language I'm
just not sure what language it is
education this friendship this person
says is the Z and the G lay right next
to each other no I see that the G is
over here and the Z is over here so yeah
they didn't mess it up I think a good
analogy maybe if they just made a
mistake on the keyboard how I've heard
they said Quincy and then and then you
know what the next person commented on
that comment learn how to spell cringe
thank you so much and to top it off with
a little cherry on top
Wow grande says the whole family is a
big cringe fall
this message has been brought to you by
cringe Academy accepting students since
1999 here's a crazy Oh
