mama B what are we talking about today
Kanye West I can't stand you
I don't like you and it's too bad
because I actually really like your
music I love your music actually but I
just wish you would stop talking we're
not talking about his ridiculous attire
at weddings
no we don't really care about that no
the other day I came home and I was so
upset I was driving in the car and I
heard on the radio of these new lyrics
that he has in his song I was really
infuriated to be honest as I told Papa B
about a and we had this long discussion
and we said why not make a video about
this this is what we talk to our kids
about it's certainly what we talked to
our daughter about and we figured we
have so many daughters out there who
call us mama B and Papa B we just want
to put out this message because I think
it's important for parents to kind of
tell the younger generation what is and
isn't appropriate and so in this case
this is not a bash Kanye West's video
this is not a bash the Kardashians video
although I don't support them in any way
shape or form
we're not here to bash them we're not
here to spend the whole video talking
about them and what they could work on
to improve but we're just talking about
a topic that really came up based on
this sort of trigger point this video is
really a message about why we need to
empower our daughters we need to lift
them up build up their self-esteem their
self-confidence so when someone says or
does something that's derogatory that's
disrespectful they'll not stand for it
if they have so much self love and self
worth inside of them that they'll say no
that's actually not okay that's actually
really disrespectful and I don't
appreciate that that's how we're gonna
raise healthy daughters and move this
women's empowerment movement
yeah and and this is also for the older
brothers the older sisters to teach
their younger siblings what's right and
what's wrong
come on guys come on guys let's hold
ourselves with higher standards than
what we are admiring in this yeah look
like these people on pedestals and this
is the garbage that they're putting out
to our young people and should I read
the Liri yeah
okay so the lyrics are you got sick
thoughts I got more of them you got a
sister in law you would smash I got four
of them so these are the lyrics in his
new song and there's two reasons for me
the whole act of being with someone of
showing love to someone using your
bodies it's perfectly normal to be a
sexual being as adults not as children
it's a gift that you give the person
that you love that you're with is the
act of love using the terminology
smashing that person is violent it's
it's as though you're you're hurting
that person you're inflicting some sort
of pain it takes it takes the romance
and it takes the love out of something
super special and it just kind of grabs
it and just literally smashes that idea
which is disgusting it's it's it's not
something we got to be better than that
and it's a female you shouldn't stand
for that you shouldn't stand for a male
saying that they're gonna smash you or
that you're going to I'd smash that
that's a disgusting way of saying it or
you're gonna get laid I remember being
in my grade 8 class and I remember my
grade 8 teacher mrs. Wray took a pause
and being a teacher and she turned to
the females in the classroom and said by
the way ladies don't ever stand for a
man saying that he's gonna lay you or
you're gonna get laid by him because
that's disrespectful and it's wrong and
you should never allow a man to speak to
you then she looked at the boys in the
room and she said don't ever say that to
any female and that stood out so much
for me that my teacher stopped what she
was doing because it was something that
was burning inside of her from something
that she had heard and took the time out
to tell us that and I never never forgot
that so for us and as parents as humans
as people trying to live a good positive
life we're just trying to make the world
just a better more positive place it's
so wrong on so many levels and so you
should never stand for a man to talk to
you like that in order to make you feel
inferior in any way that he has somehow
an upper hand on you right because as
females I don't think we'd ever say that
I'd smash that like it's just whether
you're a female or a male to say that
yes it's inappropriate it's rude that's
in reason I had such a big problem with
this song and those lyrics is because as
being a woman who has suffered domestic
abuse of course not with my husband I
was very honest with all of you and
sharing that I had been previously
married in a past life and it was very
abusive and he did horrible things to me
emotionally mentally and so smashing
someone for me it triggered being in
that position where this person made me
feel like I was nothing and using his
power over me and literally smashing me
physically as a domestic abuse survivor
I find this song so disgusting I can't
even put into words the anger that I
feel and that's another thing why I
don't really like Kanye West is because
he brings out the worst in me
and so when you're around good people
positive people people with the right
intentions they bring out the best in
you but when you're with the wrong
people and they trigger anger within you
they trigger horrible pain and suffering
within you think twice before supporting
this person and making them even bigger
than what they already are there are so
many positive artists out there and you
have a choice to not listen right
because a lot of people be like well if
you don't like Kanye West then don't
listen to him and don't listen that song
even I loved his song stronger a lot of
his songs like so many good songs but I
will not support him I refuse to support
his music I refuse to support anything
that that family is selling monetarily
there's something shock and they're
selling drama yeah it is a TV show they
are a living breathing TV show whether
the cameras are on whether the cameras
are off when you're entertaining people
it is so much easier to just shock
someone and to focus on drama and to use
profanity they could just do that to
entertain it's such a cheap way to
entertain people and to consume
someone's valuable time we're on this
planet for such a limited amount of time
wanted to just focus on positive things
there's just so much out there dad's
dad's father's Papa's teach your sons
how to be a gentleman don't be what you
think is the cool dad to be like hey
would you smash that what do you think
to do don't do that don't do that be a
gentleman teach your son how to treat
women
how to respect women we need
more we need more father figures we need
more male figures to teach younger males
how to be more appropriate and to be
respectful that's what we need it's
really easy you just have to be a
gentleman
just start with hey be nice be kind be
gentle
it's okay that makes you a real man
trust me
so I'm not gonna cry I'm knockin don't
cry don't cry you up right I love what
you did with your eyes it's just gonna
be like one of you cries oh and you
didn't know that I was gonna do this in
trying to teach all our daughters out
there all our sisters what it is to look
for in a man how a man should treat you
I wanted to do an ode is that the right
word and ode when I baby gasps Ian I'm
you mighty you go to my husband and
dedication who really embodies
everything that I've always dreamed of
in a husband in a father to my children
and in a father to my daughter because
she knows exactly what to look for in a
future partner based on what she has
seen her father and the way that he
treats me the way that he speaks to me
so cue the Papa be videos dear Papa B
you are a real class act your worldly
educated and a gentleman you're polite
you're not a pushover and I appreciate
that you always control your temper you
admit your faults and errors because
that's what real men do you are the kind
of man that anyone can point to as an
example of what men should aspire to be
like Thank You papa B for never sitting
in your car and blowing the horn to get
my attention thank you for opening doors
and for making sure I'm always
comfortable before seeing to your own
comfort when it gets cold thank you for
offering me your jacket thank you for
standing by your convictions and arguing
them well while keeping an open mind and
consider
all sides thank you for being the kind
of father and husband that speaks to us
in a respectful way thank you for never
being afraid to show your affection
towards us or your emotional side and
you wear pink sometimes thank you for
not being judgmental and never speaking
poorly about others thank you for taking
the time to be gentle with our children
informative entertaining and patient and
thank you for living by the same women
and children first
well thank you so Wow how do you end a
video like that was awesome I think it's
important for us as adults to model
positive good healthy behavior for our
children and so this is what we are
trying to do for our daughter and our
son so that they know what to look for
in a life partner and they also know how
to treat people how to speak to people
what are the right and wrong things to
do being a human being trying to live on
this planet with others it was really
important for me to put out this video
like I said based on experiences that
I've had in my life
this really triggered me and I'd love to
hear your thoughts please comment down
below let me know if what this song does
to you I'm interested if you love it you
love it good for you all the power to
you but if you don't and if it kind of
stirs up some feelings inside you that
you don't like it let me know what you
feel what you think go with your gut
instincts always always trust your gut
instincts if there's anything else you
want us to talk about as mom I'd pop up
just ask us questions in the comments
contact us through Twitter through
Instagram we're always listening we're
here we want to help we love you guys
for coming such a good man not that you
had any choice cuz you know when you're
married to mama B when you married the
momma beats you gotta be a gentleman you
got to be John if you don't want to see
that mean side of no you don't want to
see savage mama be
No are you going she's strong these are
these dog dude where do you think you're
going
I don't leave us know where I'm staying
right by your side forever now don't you
see thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little feet will pop up and you
get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice
