cloth cloth cloth do you want to know
how to argue with your partner how to
throw it down how to throw it down she
has to agree with everything you say so
so today we are focusing on arguing
arguing with your spouse or arguing with
your boyfriend or girlfriend or are you
worrying I think into other with your
significant other you can start because
you're the pro what am I provide are you
know you're not a fraud arguing what did
you do nothing I didn't do anything
really our video is not about fighting
our video is the how to not fight you're
gonna have disagreements everyone's
gonna have disagreements but how do you
minimize those so I think number one is
taking responsibility taking
responsibility if you're wrong admit
you're wrong
don't nag the other person when they
make a mistake like I have this problem
where I break a lot of glasses when I'm
washing the dishes they just totally
slip out of my fingers and I have
smashed about six or seven glasses in
the last month
yeah and pappan never makes me feel bad
I feel so bad I'm like oh and he's like
it's okay and then he comes over and
helps me clean it out when you make a
mistake and you're not perfect don't
make the other person feel bad for being
human don't make them feel bad don't
point out their mistakes hmm help them
that's about it yeah left but Italy see
we don't really have a we sat down today
we wanted to make this video we didn't
really have a plan on like this is the
list we're just gonna just turn on the
camera and we go with it so just sharing
just we're having coffee together
yeah we're just talking off the house
yeah because I don't want it to be like
a lecture we just want to talk to you
guys and just tell you how we feel so
mama B said something great take
responsibility
don't point out the flaws of the other
person don't well on the flaws e there
don't dwell on the flood and yet say
sorry apologize when you make a mistake
when you know it's your fault
say sorry be open about it don't hold it
in because I think that a lot of
chips argue constantly so though they'll
argue and argue and it'll pile up and
pile up and pile up and you forgot to
take a step back and say you know what
that that argument was was worthless I
don't even know why we argued so I just
want to say I'm sorry about that and I
apologize and let's just move forward if
it happens again let's let's try to
let's try to fix it sooner I think that
from my personal experience if you can
apologize or you can talk it out
immediately
after an argument and just move on it's
better because it just piles up and
piles up and I think that a lot of
people get resentful and then it's like
years of like bitterness and hate
towards the other person when you could
have easily just turned around and said
I'm an idiot I'm sorry right and for the
woman or the man right but a lot of
times men from my perspective will have
that ego and be like no I'm not I'm not
gonna stand down and cry yeah it says
pride like I'm gonna stand down murders
in relationship you go and pride if
you're too proud to say I'm sorry or too
proud to admit when you made a mistake
or to ask for forgiveness that'll
that'll kill a relationship right away
you have to be able to open up and show
your wounds and communicate with each
other just saying you know what I messed
up I'm sorry
yeah show your weaknesses this is the
person that you want to spend the rest
of your life with this is a person that
you want to spend as much time as
possible with so Shay arguing why are
you arguing that person point why does
why does it have to be a numbers game
yeah so that's what that's what we've
learned and and a lot of people think
that our relationship is perfect and
it's not we argue we argue and we fix it
and then we argue again and then we fix
it and that's how things get better we
talk it out there have been people who
listen to the way we talk and they're
like like how can you be so brutally
honest that's what you need to do you
have to be honest I've been actually
criticizing how can you speak to him
like that because he needs to know
exactly how I'm feeling yeah and if I'm
unhappy I don't say you did this you
made me feel I say I feel like this
it's not in an attacking way no it's
just to tell you this is what I think
should be fixed and you look at it you
say wow if you just open your eyes and
realize what needs to be fixed from
either side it just makes it that much
easier take more responsibility so for
us early on when the kids were little I
felt like I was doing everything right
I was so resentful because of it and
Papa thought that because he went to
work and came home but that was it and I
was doing everything else I was paying
the bills I was going grocery shopping I
was cooking I was clean I was just
working I was working to friend and I
got to a point where I was so burnt out
and tired and resentful and miserable
and then he started to take more off my
plate my mood lightened I was happier
that cloud went away so we were able to
communicate better about things and it
wasn't just like piling on and mama B
wasn't just kind of holding these
grudges you started to listen yeah
whereas before now you were like okay I
didn't know that I didn't know you felt
like that right okay I'm glad you told
me so what can I start doing now calm
down calm down we hear people arguing
over the dumbest things sometime and
it's so funny because we'll see people
arguing over dumb stuff and it's funny
because what people argue about we
actually have fun with like we'll goof
off and we'll do friends like I can't
believe those people are arguing over
that when we're actually laughing at
things like that just calm down and
relax but mr. monkey I got them both
above T hands and I'm looking at it was
this big cup full of beautiful creamy
bubble tea mango beauty right and and I
looked over at mr. monk and I'm like I'm
thinking to myself he's totally gonna
knock that over but you know what I'm
constantly asking them to be careful I'm
not gonna say anything right sure enough
there was bubble tea everywhere in the
kitchen it was like a tsunami of
bubbling tsunami in the kitchen like it
literally went everywhere I don't even
know how many up did cuz it laughing the
cup was this big but the mess was
ridiculous and of course mr. monkey was
he was in shock shock he was
and I'm like I knew you're gonna knock
it over and it's okay it'll take us five
minutes we're gonna clean it up right
I'm not going to make you feel bad
because you made a mistake no those are
just accidents now have we walked into a
room and the monkeys are throwing mango
bubble tea at each other we have a
problem we have a problem I just look at
mama bee and I'm gonna go hide under a
couch all right so let's let's bring
this bring this down to the main points
of arguing talk communicate that's the
big thing
take responsibility check your ego at
the door you are not the center of the
universe right there are other people on
this planet we're waiting around you
right apologize and say sorry and just
open up as soon as possible don't know
your softer side don't say sorry two
weeks later say sorry right away take a
step back breathe take a deep breath my
life is too short and here you've chosen
to to have a relationship with this
person to be together forever
that was the goal initially that we all
kind of forgot and then we waste time
bringing out the worst in each other
I don't believe we were meant to live
this life miserable no you're meant to
have fun you're meant you're meant to
laugh you're meant to learn from each
other take a take a chill pill you relax
a little bit just say okay I'm gonna
give it a little bit I'm gonna think
about it does this really really matter
right now is this worth yeah arguing
yeah because you just want each other
crazy oh you got a pimple battles little
things take your battles is it really
worth it yeah I always leave the toilet
paper off the toilet paper roll oh yeah
oh yeah that's something that mama B
does mama B does not replace the toilet
paper roll and it doesn't drive me crazy
I just laugh at it right so instead of
actually instead of actually replacing
the toilet paper roll she'll actually
just put another roll on top of the
empty toilet paper roll and just leave
hmm hey I'm totally fine with that
what's the big deal what am I gonna do
argue about that
no you replace it it's not a big deal
there must be one thing that
that makes you oh my gosh come on key
that you'll be you always leave a tiny
bit of juice in the container so that
the next person who goes to pour it like
there's so little in there you're like
are you kidding why didn't you just pour
the whole thing and get rid of it we can
start a new one but no they he leaves a
tiny little bit and you're just like
because now you have to go through the
trouble of throwing it out or discarding
it that's so annoying he used to use my
towel I just use your towel and I would
get so upset because my towel is my
towel you cannot use my towel I said one
thing mama B I have a lot of them no one
else
no no that's it we love you guys if
there's anything else you would like to
see or hear please let us know in the
comments if you liked this video please
give it a thumbs up share it with people
that you think might need some of this
advice if you have any questions leave
them for us yes we're trying to answer
them on the next video and if there's
any topics you want us to discuss let us
know we love you guys about how you can
make the other person feel that's
exactly it
I feel great I feel nice you feel happy
feel very happy
this is an interrogation where were you
on the night up
