happy Halloween everybody today we will
be dressing up as our favorite
superheroes Halloween is so important to
me because it's so much fun and I love
going trick-or-treating with my friends
and watching scary movies and having
lots of fun and collecting candy and
scaring people that's my priority do you
like getting apples once I got a celery
stick and I was so disappointed so why
are we dressing up as the characters
were dressing up as well I've been told
that I look like a guy named Ben Affleck
I don't quite know who he is but
apparently he played this character and
I like this character because he has a
nice mask it's like it's it's like
amazing because it has like two like
ears kind of he has a sick cape and
sorry and he drives a super fast car do
you think he gets the girls in the car
probably yeah he probably gets all the
girls in the car I am just saying up as
this character because I really like the
way that this character is designed and
I'm pretty much exactly like this
character this character is a mixture of
crazy and evil at the same time this
character is very different from the
rest and I think that this character
best describes me it has a cool jacket
and some really cool pants and it
doesn't matter because I'm a girl
because girls are strong too
when I was a kid I really really really
wanted to be like this person and I used
to love how it would climb and scale
walls and fly through the buildings and
when I put on this costume I become him
I decided to be this character because I
grew up watching her she was strong she
fought for good she was beautiful
and I see a lot of myself in her mainly
the kicking butt part are you guys ready
to see her costumes ladies and gentlemen
Wonder Woman whoa wow that is fantastic
Wow oh you even have the arms yes oh my
goodness coming out next year everything
yeah wait that looks amazing
oh and mom you've got some cute socks on
he's got to show the socks or the
stockings I call them socks with their
stockings you are my Wonder Woman Wonder
Woman dance salsa I don't know I don't
know if Amazon's mama B that looks
amazing Wow
let's go for that hero shot Wow
introducing spider-man
okay this is good okay climb a wall how
does that look guys that's amazing no I
Spit my appendix spider-man yeah
authentic I can't I can't see very well
in this but not too many love handles in
the spider-man costume I got my come
with spider-man socks very cool
nice okay so those are the boots it's
spider-man feet ladies and gentlemen
introducing Ben Affleck what you gotta
my swag yo yeah I think it's okay that
Marvel and DC can kind of come together
once in a while this is fine for all the
hardcore is out there who don't want to
see Marvel and DC together this is fine
we're showing you it's okay it's okay
two feet I thought I thought you're
gonna be a Power Ranger
yeah have you seen this movie I thought
you're gonna be a Power Ranger yeah I
just made a last-minute decision and
here I have vector here everybody
Halloween enjoy life you're eating a lot
of candy yes Japanese a large like candy
and let us know in the comments who are
you going to be for Halloween yes thanks
for watching everybody please like
subscribe and leave a comment down below
if you haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left and a
little thing will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
it's my radio voice but
