one day after day surgery mama B is
dancing never stop things never stop
baby never stop and the day before
yesterday she tried to performed a
surgery on herself which was strongly
advised by myself and the doctor but
mama B is uh the doctors have better
things to do with their time that's what
they do that's what doctors do but I've
done it myself and I tried to do it
myself and it just didn't work out next
time though she's crazy
so mama B had something I had something
on my person in her upper thigh he's not
supposed to be there so you have to do
it well you got a you know so myself she
tried to do it herself
you're not Rambo I'm Ranma
oh my mind blown if I had a surgery I
wouldn't be doing that but mama Dee was
you're on the couch oh can you make me a
cup of tea
no my head hurts
ona done that can ever blank it I'm so
cold and shivering so pretty you're
pretty today you've always been pretty I
was a hot tamale hot tamale but you're a
hot tamale now you're always a hot
tamale you're just like a hot jalapeno
now oh oh you're a hot jalapeno who's
crazy and does her own surgery which is
weird anyways moral of the story stuff
happens to everyone
and we get a lot of comments for people
saying that oh you guys are such a happy
life happy family happy everything stuff
happens to us too but you have a choice
of how you're going to react to it
and it
I could have stayed in bed all night
last night
made the kids feel sorry for me but no I
got up and made dinner
dance with the kids and celebrated life
and ask them about their day
very nice and and if you think you need
to cut yourself or surgery don't do it
go to a doctor yes please don't do what
I did you know what I'm not very
squeamish is the word you're you're
crazy that's the word it's funny because
the other day I was watching a KC nice
that vlog and they were talking about
how Candace was singing baby got back my
cervix a lot and he know she knows the
song word for word and sir mix-a-lot
contacted Casey was hilarious
you should do it with Candace one day in
your face you get sprung oh I want to
get dinner and take your picture try to
walk me back but you got me
here's my schedule I wanna get your home
I shake that booty anthem shake that
booty it's like and there's like a very
booty theme to this video today ain't
nothing wrong with a healthy booty hi
Taylor are you doing good friend good
friend are you doing so I'm looking at
this workout today it looks gross it
doesn't gross I don't even know what
this means was this 20-minute as many
reps as possible 100 meter plate runs
clean and jerks matches whatever these
mean whatever these mean whatever that
means
where's mama B she gonna do this yes yes
Oh who's your partner in this workout
you have to do like all the way listing
though okay I'm one with the ladies
group hug you guys are gonna be like
this in like 20 minutes so oh good luck
Chris John John's like one of the nicest
guys in the world so if you ever meet
John it's a good he says is he like one
of the nicest guys in the world
everything like it's a nice boy he's
amazing I was like you know we should
play we should play some Rick Ross
purple Lamborghini and John's like that
is inappropriate
I should never do that that's gonna
offend way too many people homes like
okay fine okay nice John I think that's
get a few nickname from the fun house
the workout today it's interesting you
did the workout I haven't done at a
coach this morning so seeing people
through it and did anybody die no one
died some people came close
no mama B doesn't want to be my partner
so sugars can be my partner we're gonna
rock it today we're gonna rock it
here's a funny story we were friends
when we were kids I've been like talking
haha like 12 I was like 13 we're friends
in the neighborhood we lost contact and
then one day we just see whether we show
up here like 15 years later with oh wow
and now you're gonna be my partner
things now we will die together in this
workout and we certainly will die let's
do it
thank you my partner shrieks good job
but what can mommy okay we just finished
working out for the day and mama B wants
to challenge me to another plank contest
so we're gonna hold plank like on our on
our forearms and people are gonna put
weights on our backs
what you're gonna put weight on my back
go pick someone who's really ripped go
pick a like a really shredded person
time to put weights on us go for it
Bobby he's missing a shoe he works out
so hard that he's missing a shoe yeah
you really let your so basically if you
want to know what an Olympic swimmer
looks like this is what they look like
it's out tall they are mama B close your
eyes here cross it thank you
okay you're gonna put your gonna put
weights on our backs hey Ben I'm gonna
go like this and I'm gonna put a 45
pound weight on my back and Mama B is
going to hold 25 25 25 pounds on your
back and we're going to see who hold it
the longest screw this up forget this 30
second thing we can hold it longest $45
here 45 pounds on my back for 25 pounds
on mama meets bag I don't care what kind
of yoga you do right 382 1
do they serve breakfast here
she's shaking the hockey
at my technique trash talk a few moments
later
when I hear a joke
Wow mommy wins whoa whoa mama be
champion oh well she still got I should
probably help her with that
playin champion mom be strong oh she had
day surgery yesterday
minor and she tried to perform her own
surgery the day before and she Jen she
just won the Planck contest no big deal
no big deal just sort she calls it
Friday that's what she calls it and
we're home miss monkey you're back from
school
Oh what are you watching now mr. monkey
how was your day mr. monkey two words
math and literacy oh but it's Friday
happy Friday
happy Friday what do you wanna do
tonight movie night oh we can do movie
night yeah sweet what do you want to
watch a fire oh and we got to keep
watching that Harry Potter yo what's
your happy Friday face is stop stop with
those weird YouTube videos tell me about
life miss monkey I miss you today I
missed your brother
well this is rare mama bees making
something in the kitchen always making
something in the kitchen
Wow like to cook for my family she cooks
from the bottom of her heart stoves are
going all out it's up chicken pot pie
being made in this house I think it's
like this I think that's how it is if
mama B made this chicken pot pie before
so I'm gonna link to that if you guys
want to see the beautiful recipe and the
beautiful makings of the beautiful
chicken pot pie after we eat we're gonna
do a little skit I have to get to my
costume you guys want to check it out
you ready for the next skit miss monkey
what
there y'all thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice but
