good morning good morning will you at
mama be mama there's so much echo I'm
gonna be an opera singer now mommy
Figaro Figaro Figaro oh there you are
where are you going let's follow her
let's see where she's going where's my
home oh oh she's shifting oh oh oh oh oh
you need to be a football player mommy
oh oh no this goes oh ha ha
we are officially in the new house
officially or fish at midday or fish in
a mall nowhere near officially yeah
nobody has so much stuff to move we have
a lot of stuff to move you've been like
an unboxing magician my budget Jenna
you've been unboxing pretty much for
like three days there's still like a ton
of boxes we're donating a lot of things
kitchen stuff bowls bowls couch couches
doujins old bedroom set oh he's got such
a good heart and she's a great dealer
too
she's a great Yahner - she's such a good
Yahner so how's the new kitchen mama B
I'm checking in for CrossFit oh no I
didn't can you check in for me please
apps I know mama B's not a big fan of
apps as you guys might or might not know
and this house is pretty is pretty wired
for apps so the music is on an app the
thermostat is on an app the alarm system
has apps my my toilet has apps here at
world go away no no no no no this is the
world we live in now mama B this has
ever happen to flicking on a switch
we have switches look we have all kinds
look at I don't know what none of these
do but we have switches but we also have
apps take it in except the app I'm still
trying to learn technology from like 25
years ago
okay oh but I turned on the TV yesterday
yes and the kids are like oh my god
really
Wow you're at school man when you turn
on the TV and the kids start cheering
that's it you know
this kind of looks like a like a talk
show yeah area felt like this is a kind
of like a talk show yeah setting stage
right
it doesn't like Ellen you know L insist
yeah one's better thing much nicer so
fun it doesn't like Tom Cruise jump on
that couch oh no no that was Oprah that
was Oprah Magazine oh yeah he did that
he did that on Oprah he did that on The
Oprah Show but yeah this is a talk show
so I think we're gonna do like a like a
babushka like a babushka talk show
asking babushka life questions because
what Bushkin knows because babushka
knows everything about everything
yeah so we will do a babushka a talk
show babushka episode on on our channel
so we'll do that we're gonna have
special guests we'll have special guests
in that seat and they could jump mama B
how's your kitchen Hey it's literally my
dream kitchen so stay tuned for mama B
cooks let us know in the comments first
mama B cooks in this kitchen
yes and so what we're doing is we're
asking you what recipes you want to see
like if everybody wants lasagna
everybody wants lasagna alright
everybody wants schnitzel schnitzel or
the dip that that like that one that hot
dip that hot dip or de or baked potatoes
you were saying about baked potatoes
with with pulled pork or something so
there's there's a lot of cool stuff back
to being a potato with pulled pork and
cheese that's gonna be nice so let us
know in the comments and then we'll pick
something because mama B is itching this
took what do you say that's not what you
say what else you want to do today ah
boy you're making me go exercise making
you go exercise mama B it is good for
your heart
sweating is good get your heart rate up
the more you work out the more energy
you have to unbox things in the kitchen
I'm just
I do love working out yeah mmm she yawns
like crazy right before the workout I
love going and feeling like I can't
breathe and and I'm dying and I can't
keep up with everybody else but that's
okay it's a worth it I think it's worth
it prepared in Reverse it's wrong smart
like streetcars I'm physically strong
mentally all this it's just as important
this ah yes and every day is a learning
experience every day of your life you're
gonna learn something new and you do
yeah and there's so many apps mama B
that you could learn so many different
apps oh not upside me in real life man
you just want me to sleep so we don't go
work out for graspin H I met mama B we
have to eat first
this is kind of like mama B makes I've
smashed my head uh three times already
here in a corner hit twice so we have to
get used to not smacking our head on the
corner of the fending Oh mealtime okay
what do we have here
one two three four for you and I make
three for me these ones are bigger I
don't like these as much I like the
smaller one and I had a grinder but it
broke oh no another grinder Oh No and
you have like lots of nice ingredients
here mama B is now pouring almond milk
let's try two new half minutes an eye on
it it doesn't blow up okay two and a
half minutes in the microwave okay
that's a serious concoction of oatmeal
stuff so it's not just oatmeal it's
oatmeal and stuff and lots of healthy
seeds seeds and nuts are good for you
healthy fats
that oatmeal was in there for like two
and a half minutes in the microwave okay
change sprinkling chia pumpkin seeds
hemp hearts ham hats
a little bit of flex I'm gonna turn to a
bird and you're cutting up the
strawberries I'm gonna be able to lift a
car after this and some good quality
needle sir good good quality maple syrup
oh yeah here you go
Wow that's yours thanks mama be from my
heart to yours oh thank you oh we're
still working out after this oh come on
all right
monkeys where are the monkeys they're
not here yet we must wait for the
monkeys
we got turn it up we got turn this up
turn up mommy turn up turn up I don't
have to turn up I know how to do this
app do it we got music playing
throughout the whole house because music
is very important in our lives
random dance parties very important
remember this the time you boil eggs on
your new gas stove hold ah ah ah ah stop
oh that is monkey how are you baby boom
boom wow you got a lot of energy maybe
you should go back to school and now
waste some of that school your big fan
of school the only thing I like is my
friends and my teachers and recess I'm
the queen of recess what would your
resume look like ah ah your queen of
recess I like my teacher I like drama
dan I don't like Alma and science and
Jim do you like math science oh good Wow
I'm learning about the what do you want
justice system in math yes not insane
uh-huh that was a trick question
appetizer yeah how's your math I'm
learning about the pain just lumps is
dumb
how's business life is great here in the
ad household very nice well I'm glad
miss monkey enjoy your bread and I just
haven't Brandon hadn't been about
Manzella her wish and look who it is
I like glasses often they're very nice
how was school today mr. monkey it was
fun what an education
Wow that's that's a good answer
ah Nutella don't worry it's nut Ella nut
Ella Nutella or Nutella Nutella if you
want to be on this monkey scene
he's the best everybody knows we should
barely work on her self-esteem yeah we
should really work on your scheme that's
good much like the Grinch you're a mean
one mr. Grinch say if you if you want to
see you we got it got it
oh and then speak okay like a - and then
um and then new oh you see I agree with
Mary with missing I agree with mr.
markey oh so complicated either way it's
delicious
it's been 20 minutes it hasn't boiled
yet because we kind of don't know how to
use these gas stove name though is the
high flame sue me take me to jail oh my
god there it is officially using the
Department deposit is it a call the
pasta posit it's for pasta we have to go
over this thing all the way to the sink
that's so funny I can't believe someone
invented something like that two hours
later there's our couch guys from the
old house what a date today mom B today
was definitely one of those days it was
an interesting day there's days when we
don't have to do a lot of parenting and
there's days when we do have to do a lot
of parenting but I think that that's
what family is all about is I think that
we live in a world that is obsessed with
babies but what people forget is that
those babies grow up into people and
those people need to be raised and
educated and taught and they need to
learn and they need positive influences
and so we did a lot of that today we did
a lot of talking and just reminding the
monkeys of their responsibilities with
school with looking after themselves and
so this is a conversation a long
conversation we had today together as a
family was that when every person is
doing what they need to in the family
the family works the family functions
the family prospers when those things
break down and when people are not
taking care of their responsibilities
the whole family suffers making mistakes
not the bad thing as long as you learn
from them and we don't keep repeating
those mistakes right but this is real
life this is our real family when we are
suffering or crying do I pick up the
camera and show the kids crying no I
don't believe in that
my first instinct is not to pick up a
camera when they're crying but do we
have hard moments just like everyone
else absolutely yeah there's times like
today where we have to talk and talk and
talk and talk but I believe that talking
things out can solve everything that's
what families are about is sharing and
talking and fixing yep I think
everyone's gonna be wondering like what
what happened was it just regular nice
teaching responsibilities making sure
you are keeping up with your schoolwork
making sure you are able to communicate
with other people at school these are
all things that I think that a lot of
people forget to discuss every day we
learn more and more it's about helping
each other through those moments and
learning and moving on that's the moral
of the story today there's gonna be a
lot of laughing there's gonna be a lot
of dancing there's gonna be a lot of
singing and there's gonna be a lot of
learning so these are the family values
we want to share with you and if you
want to hear more of our values we would
love to share them with you so let us
know in the comments below and yeah
nothing happens
nothing having nothing crazy ice nothing
there's no drama real families trying to
be healthy and happy we're gonna do our
nightly ritual cuddle cuddle cuddle
watching The Cooking Network and
cuddling and then we go to bed it's not
always like dancing and laughing and
singing and and nothing's always perfect
but we always work on it and we always
love each other and we always learn and
that's that's what's important that's
why we just want to get a step aside and
and say that time to cuddle we love you
monkeys we love you very very much no
one in this universe will ever love you
we do and we want only the best for you
every single day and if we have to talk
until we're green in the face to make
you live your best lives then that's
what we're going to do well said mama B
so goodnight
we love you wherever you are in the
world I mean you have an amazing day a
peaceful day a healthy day and a day
full of laughter we love you and we'll
see you tomorrow good night thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice but
