I got water subway no okay guys welcome
to another episode of trying to laugh
dad jokes edition now in nature outside
are you ready for the funniest dad jokes
in the world yes these are the funniest
ones guys don't jokes don't make me
laugh it's culligan nose breather come
on yeah it's not really like I say this
all the time but you laugh no these are
good ones okay so you're the rules I'm
gonna tell Dad yeah I'm gonna tell a
bunch of dad jokes the monkeys are gonna
have water in their mouths
whoever spits loses the challenge and
you guys can try this at home
fill your mouths up with water and see
if you laugh as well are you guys go Chi
Louie Versace I want to put my watch on
my belt but I realized it was a waste of
time no what do you call a pile of cats
a me aunt in I couldn't imagine a pile
of cats that's actually very clever
who made that not you what do you call a
girl that sounds like an ambulance Nina
Nina Nina I like that one that was a
good one man my friend texted his
girlfriend Ruth and broke up with her
man he's ruthless
no okay dad where do the robots go for
fun the circuits
I burned my Hawaiian pizza today I
should have had it on a Aloha
temperature you said no you did it wrong
he said yeah I should have had it on a
low hot temperature you said I should
have had it on aloha someone just stole
my mood ring I'm not sure how I feel
about that how do you got had a mood
ring once I went to a party last night
and everybody had a cold
yo it was friggin sick I have a speed
bump phobia but I'm slowly getting over
it
lawnmowers this is why we don't film in
the backyard too much
who mows their lawn on a Friday night I
was trying to figure out how lightning
works and then it struck me I was fired
at the rubberband factory the other day
my first thought was oh snap guides let
us know in the comments who won that
challenge was it mr. B or was it miss B
what do you think guys let us know thank
you guys for watching I got this water
should I drink it yeah yeah you should
tell me a joke yes okay here's the joke
I'm not gonna drink it thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you've
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice
