yeah
hello world I see you do you see you so
are you
those are my keys good thank you
okay mom become hooking up them so you
know how you always wanted the kitchen
of your dreams right well this is our
new home with the kitchen of your dreams
no way this is our new home guys no mama
B this is our new home you're Joe mama D
come over here this is our new home
right here this is your new kitchen this
is our table these are our blinds this
is our new house mommy 14 years ago you
trusted me with us being together
forever
and I was finally able to get us the
house that we always wanted with the
kitchen that you always deserved
what do you think
maybe this is your new kitchen
Oh
you better not be joking master you make
I'm not joking I told the monkeys I told
the monkeys 20 minutes before I told you
but if you want the tour of the house
mama B has been agreed benefits before
mama B has to agree that this fits this
is the house we're gonna stay in monkeys
do you like the hapis the brick what do
you think baby
there's two things there's like three
sinks one two three
the fridge is here it's like a hidden
you have your microwave freezer this is
it you know me mama B cooks videos are
gonna be done in this kitchen this is
true this is true I'm not saying you
like it right
you're not gonna kill me for doing this
I love it there was a lot of research
because I need to make sure that I found
a house that was renovated that had the
kitchen done this counter
counters we have counter space
we have counter space look cuz there's a
lot of counters look everything that you
see here we have this is ours oh yeah we
don't have it yet but I mean you have to
like it we have to sign C AB the like it
but yeah everything the furniture the
tables even this like whatever this is
water lemons
fake lemons these aren't real lemons
take it in take it in mind take it in
okay but this is just the kitchen
there's more oh yes I never had gas I
mean I've had gas I've never has is like
another stove so I contend that what
they called convection stove section so
don't be nervous why are you nervous
okay so family room family room
the monkeys are gone monkeys did you
pick your bedrooms yet
becomes with everything everything
everything everything it comes with
everything what do you think baby let me
show you downstairs
oh the parties we're gonna have down
here check it out look everything is
included I don't even know how to work
any of that stuff so what you guys think
monkeys know this is our house guys
mommy has to approve the house but it
did dexon yeah the monkeys are excited
Wow already open the door
this monkey already open the door okay
so no miss monkey right miss McGarry
open the door I owe ya mama B it's like
movie theater that this is where we're
gonna have our movie nights he's
freaking out mama be freaking out
this took forever and obviously mommy
needs to know all my business so I had
to be very very secretive about that how
different houses that I was looking at
it was very important to find a house
that had a hooked up kitchen it was very
important that we can expand the fund so
we have a rec area right now we're
probably going to put like a pool table
or something there maybe a ping-pong
table over here the video games over
there
movies we got to catch up on all the
Harry Potter stuff mama B is on the are
you okay white doubt I just have to do a
little bit of yoga right now I need to
bring my heart rate down mama B thumbs
up or thumbs down for the house thumbs
up I know we were looking for a house I
know that we were in talks so I'm not
crazy to just go ahead and pick a house
but this is it baby what do you think
obviously I told the monkey like 20
minutes before we got here about the new
house and that this was potentially
gonna be the new house coulda told us
before
you're right you imagine no you would
you can't keep any secrets no you guys
have to know the last minute so that's
it I have an office might have an office
over there and that's it so let's look
feel let's get let's get some thoughts
here mom you my unicorn how's my unicorn
my heartbreak is a little bit hard right
now it has a light now because I feel
like I'm going to pass out then faint
you need to approve of this for us to
get the new home this has everything we
need fun kitchen we're gonna unlock
memories here we think yes or no yes yes
yes yes I love it
I don't think in 14 years I've ever been
speechless my keys don't hurt yourself I
haven't paid for it just yet favorite
room in the house movie theater movie
here mr. monkey favorite room in the
house you like the bedrooms it is okay
it's okay doing here it's okay alright
let's go upstairs guys let's go new
house new house monkeys it like a Boeing
space yes this is uh this is a real
estate agent
thank you so much oh my goodness yeah no
we weren't we were just coming to visit
a friend get open the door for me
because I don't own this house just yet
do you like it thumbs up or thumbs down
yeah I'm so happy that Mama B likes this
because I also need her to sign on the
documents right awesome oh my good guys
thank you so much for being along this
crazy ride with us this is gonna be our
new home this is gonna be our place
right here this is we're gonna be
filming all the amazing things
mama P cooks in the kitchen we're gonna
be having some funny skits here the
monkeys yes your rooms are over there
everything is just crazy we have a movie
feeder monkeys we're gonna be screening
all kinds of crazy things
it's insane guys thank you so much we
love you guys Thanks we can't do
anything without you guys and we just we
love you so much I don't know what else
to say thank you guys for watching we'll
see you again on the next crazy
adventure mwah
yeah y'all uh-huh yeah y'all
