I've been thinking a lot lately and our
anniversary is coming up soon 14 years
ago mama B decided to marry this guy
and I started thinking what is the one
thing that I haven't been able to give
mama B and as you guys know there is one
thing that means a lot to mama B and to
our family and that's her love of
cooking
she has been amazing in the kitchen you
guys have seen the videos you need an
island did lots of counter space that I
can like they're beautiful foods for you
with one of those like giant fans you
know those like big fancy vans big
marble countertop a sink that holds more
than one pan and one of those like
stoves that have the grill things in
there there there gassy coals of all
you're not a good video good video no
yeah that's a nice get so excited for
kitchenware and stuff mm-hmm
how are your eyes not burning right now
because I cook on a regular basis
cooking is patience patience is love
easy cooking is love love is cooking
quick
oh what a video no you go to do a quick
video on your we go to the Old Bailey or
no that means you smash the the storage
tank boom the heat gold baby
whoa Oh easy fancy magazine how help
leave some the Salmons very healthy that
a thanks my mom is the best
cook ever and that's where I got my love
of cooking and my love of food is from
my mom so mama B shows her love in food
and that's one way she shows her love
for us and takes care of us so not only
us but our friends our family she shows
her love in the food that she makes it's
such a big part of mama B so this might
be a little crazy or a lot crazy uh I
finally want to give her her dream
kitchen am I crazy and doing this
because I went all out so I really hope
she likes the new kitchen that I chose
for her because it's also attached to a
new house
yeah y'all aha yeah y'all
