do you know the worst of the Pokemon
song I wanna be the very best hello
everyone I am obsessed with Pokemon go
and today I just thought I would make
some cake pops some pluggable cake pops
I think I'm more excited than mister
monkey because I've been waiting for
these pokeball cake pops since I've seen
them I think I saw it a year ago on
Rosanna pansino channel so big props or
was Anna pansino
props we're gonna with you over there
it'll like grow what he had to do first
so I think what we should start with is
wait we should start with forgiveness
plugging this thing in and what this fun
thing will do is it will melt any
chocolate that we will be dipping our
cake pops into so now we have our two
chocolate colors and what we're going to
do is we're just going to wait for this
to melt and then we're gonna dip it but
until then we're just going to go ahead
and start our cake so you're gonna make
the cake ball by grabbing the cake and
two ounces of cream cheese and you're
going to mix it all up and you're like a
nice little consistency almost like
play-doh you're gonna make little balls
out of it sounds good let's do it
you guys make it see so it's something
Pokemon golfing miss your Monty - I
choose you gotta catch em all gotta eat
oh ma do you know the worst of the
Pokemon song I wanna be the very best
and no one else's Pokemon gotta catch em
all that that way what's two times six
twelve oh really
nice nice okay okay
pass that pass Lumbees gonna put the
rest of in there you're gonna mix it all
up your hands are nice and clean right
yes okay good quick well we must offend
okay that's starting to turn into uh
more cake poppy type yes don't real I
love that sound
what sound all the squishy mission
I need a nose edge where no other just
scratch all there there you go right
there
all right go that was a little weird so
now we're gonna make balls are those
balls looking how's it going what's the
situation here
yeah oh wow that looks really good
that's melted chocolate there's the
white melted chocolate when the red is
starting to get there there we go how's
that oh those are looking good
it really helps is you like make your
head into like a dome so guess what we
can do is we can try dipping one first
in white all the way wait till it dries
and then dip it in red wow that's
looking really nice it's the double
dance the devil dance it's the double
dance Dart dong alternately oh yeah well
you have to do you have to dip the white
chocolate in like for a quarter okay in
the white chocolate so that it sticks to
the balls
you go there's one there you go Thanks
all right so now we're gonna put these
in cool then I put in the fridge a
little bit and I will wait a few moments
later we've pulled the cake pops out of
the fridge and we're gonna dip it in the
white chocolate and see what happens mr.
monkey so we're gonna go fully dipped
fully dipped
nice that's looking good and then wipe
off any excess chunks all this and you
might not be perfect but at least it
will taste good we got the chocolate
first layer yeah mom be done next one
okay we're gonna let these chill out for
a bit okay so while we're waiting for
the cake pops to cool off or chill out
after we dip the pokeball in the red
chocolate we're gonna have to draw a
line around the pokeball so we have
black decorating icing it needed a
nozzle and I got the wrong size nozzle I
should just like making nozzles that
come with the frosting flat okay so this
doesn't really work very well anyways
what we're gonna do we're put some tape
or something on this bring these little
eyes we're going to use four little
pokeball button we're gonna flip them
we're not really Rosanna pansino
get the nozzle sir the nozzle is on sir
no we got duct tape duct tape fixes
everything see when you put a little
thought oh very nice works all right
we're good oh the cake pops are out of
the fridge and we're ready to dip them
in red dip it halfway
okay it's all good these are looking
great I would like some recognition for
being the cleanup mom on B wheels
we are officially recognizing okay we're
almost ready for the pokeball button
which is the candy eyeballs flip in
Reverse now it's time for the icing less
is more for a first time pokeball maker
I think you're a pro there we go yeah
yeah
how does that look
let's go look at that
very nice monkeys I think that's amazing
mr. monkey
job well done those are some nice
pokeball cake policy oh yeah look oh
yeah
give each other a high five because
you've done well kids I wonder if that
you in there somewhere I don't know I
think there's a vault balls of Balthasar
Bob Lazar Bob Lazar and a good Guerrero
dos Gyarados and gear us that's amazing
monkey look at that this is a first cake
project good job is a job mr. monkey
frog mama this is my son Brad sister
proud sister very nice I would like to
thank a sh Ketchum Pikachu
and of course Rosanna pansino oh very
nice thanks for watching have an amazing
day so um can we feast are you kidding
me I spent my whole day and you want to
eat them no I'm putting them up in my
room yeah that's what I'm doing nobody's
gonna touch it only me yeah yo ha ha
yeah y'all
