by travelpod member
I mean where are we going today today we
are on our way to Pisa main things we're
gonna do today
where's Lucy the Leaning Tower of Pisa
we're going to take that picture that
everybody takes everyone says they don't
want to take that picture then you're
kind of like leaning on it and when you
get there everyone takes that picture so
that's our goal today is we're going to
get there we're going to explore hazel
and we're going to take that picture
with the family for you guys there's the
other family members right there
what's up
we have these very touristy earpieces
yeah so when we get all touristy and
they start explaining things
the they're not like screaming yeah
civilized
it's very civilized they see the nice
this is great we should all talk to each
other through these things what a
tourist looks like when you have these
things around here if your neck and
you're walking around that means there's
a team leader that's telling you all
about Pisa and leaning towers something
about escalate up Nocturna set up
without ambulance or bother the horns
sound very interesting is it leaning
how was it leaning like this is it
leaning no motion is gonna fall in
inflation we made it to Pisa we are all
touristed up yes mama B are you twisted
up
have mine you got your hat I love your
hat look at it I have to be glamorous in
the double monkeys they're all twisted
up so we're going straight to the tower
I think yeah good early not so many
people we gotta take that picture we
have to like strategically set the
camera down or I get someone to like who
knows what they're doing
maybe we can ask the tour guide if she
can help us cuz she probably knows how
to take that picture if it doesn't work
out it's going to look silly
we have to behold it has to look like
we're actually pushing the tower or
holding it up or whatever and learning a
little bit of history about Pisa
John oh no John you're not no I
you know what I say Plaza in Italian
yeah top should I say peeps at a time
pizza so you can have pizza pizza in the
Piazza that's confusing pear tree
creating a pear tree this is what
Leonardo da Vinci lives right why are we
clapping because they had a boy yeah the
boys running in the morning inside these
walls there's a tower that means that
leans and a totally fake Louis Vuitton
purse and fake purses McDonald's big
cafe when in Pisa you know what I mean
you can go for a little bit of Burger
King a little bit of McDonald's if you
want you can grab a bootleg purse
oh she's talking
that's nice like it's just we got the
Sun right behind let's try it here yeah
let's see if we can maybe this gentleman
here can help us because he looks like
he's like getting some pictures now
it is not easy to take that picture
because now the Sun just peaked and all
you see is like dark shadows so it
doesn't even look like we're the ones
holding it and I want us to have a
picture of our faces smiling while we're
holding it so we're gonna try to do
something we'll figure this one out
and apparently you can actually go up
there you can go out there and actually
go up there if you want to but get a
chicken
we are chicken we don't want to fall you
know out of the Leaning Tower of Pisa
with the selfie let me see if I can help
try to get that cliched picture yeah
super cliche yeah I wanna like everyone
here
hold on where's that light pin son
everyone here is doing this mom of you
one with the camera
I think we nailed it I think we did a
good job at our pictures it's not only
just the Leaning Tower of Pisa Pisa the
village of the city is beautiful look at
all the shuttle there's a there's a
cathedral this is the museum yeah
there's a museum over here there's a
cathedral right behind us the lawn is
like perfectly manicured you're not
allowed to step on that lawn by the way
this is really cool because usually you
would see a tower like straight but this
is like repeating Tower of Pisa doing at
that oh cool nice I want to see it up
close like very close but like really
really of course because everyone takes
it from afar I want to see what it
actually looks like at the bottom why is
it dipping like that let's go see guys I
never thought that there would be a
building that's what it was slanted or
leaning that's cool hmm it's high if you
want to go up there and you I wouldn't
be able to go up there because if I fell
I like what we came over for me leaning
and yeah those are my thoughts yeah
let's go see up close
it's weird it's like an optical illusion
because at the bottom it's all straight
like it's all different levels they have
restored it so they wanted to make it
look
originally cracks I'm guessing that
these floors are new as well these are
beautiful it's all in the details mama
bean so there it is miss monkey the
Leaning Tower of Pisa that is cool
any final words I can go for a piece of
pizza Oh dad joke yeah y'all ha ha yeah
y'all
