my Quran my Quran my Quran my Quran my
girls we just got into the room and they
hooked us up with some nice goodies oh I
see the monkeys have already started
having their goodies here oh my goodness
what'd you get oh my car own like our
own strawberry chocolate covered star
booze with pistachios
is thatis a shoes yes I think so in
chocolate
can someone please feed me a pistachio
look at that oh my goodness right am i
right am i right
Sarah young one a margarita
mmm I don't even know what day it is
right now thank you
look out why didn't free didn't feel so
alone did you guys see any whales we
thought Island did you guys see any
sharks we also very top and then we saw
a cargo ship ship and then we were like
we're not alone cargo ship is over there
in the distance how's the strawberry
mint running very pleasant very so there
are over six thousand people on the ship
right now yeah you know why this is the
waters blue guys that's right this
receptors red blue blue what color what
it would it be a good thing if the sky
was pink the water would be pink I think
I think right thought out works I'll go
the little somewhere else I didn't show
them hope the holes are like really long
but that's not how long the ship is guys
I know that's like just part of it
that's just part of that's not a
mirror down there it actually goes all
the way down and there's a Oh
down there it's like goosebumps that
never-ending your thing and they're
gonna walk but then they kept going
downward you know it's actually a cool
story bro let's go back inside
this is our special table know why cuz
it has our name on it that's our table
two two three two two threes our tape
baby family what is 2:00 to 3:00 p.m. I
don't know two plus two is four and
there's four people in our family yeah
and then plus three is seven sevens
lucky numbers so we're lucky family
that's right right
all right taste test how is the bread so
far I didn't even fight it there's a
very soft butter I don't get that cream
in there I like it very good thumbs up
guys it's fresh out of the oven
why does this have to taste so good so
fresh I'm not gray I love you all so
we've been told by the maitre d of this
beautiful restaurant called reflections
that you guys are gonna be singing and
dancing yes dead and singing and singing
and dancing and dancing really yeah are
you gonna be singing and dancing too oh
yeah are you serious I'm telling y'all
everybody are you were to get and
dancing too oh yeah he's gonna be
singing and dancing - yeah oh my
goodness
you got a wig for you gotta wait for it
it's coming alright we're waiting for it
already
are you be singing and dancing too
alright I'm gonna go sit down over them
in a way sweets so everybody's gonna be
singing and dancing although all the
mail servers where you playing with your
here mama B just want to let you know
because we're gonna sing and dance I
don't think I should be vlogging on this
phone I should go get the better camera
you want to go get it
yes let's go get it okay we're recording
you gotta get the light up bye bye
iPhone camera all right later
I think this camera is way better
literally singing and dancing this is
what you need these are celebrity chef
oh hello hi welcome to Bella Vista thank
you very much this is good this is a
Maitre D' right here is the fire escape
pressure yeah we're gonna have some
awesome food tonight we're going to be
watching an amazing performance we got
our home spot right here
this is where it's at we got to get the
whole family right to this monkey if
there's anything that you want
let me know it I said well if you ask
her she'll ask you for a mountain of fun
and you say you're coming back to
Florida I'm going to make it for you
you've come candy she would the pink
color she wants pink on Kenya oh my
godness what ye shall ask what ye shall
receive
yes unwelcome on board thank you so much
thank you appreciate it thank you you
got two umbrellas yeah what do you have
miss monkey orange the orange piece
we're celebrating life celebrating
happiness hey dragon what's the boring
face okay what's your point
bring it in monkey bring it in green
eleven comes room yes Oh begging I'll
get that bacon in there we can order a
horde to make it
coffee or hot Jamaican pop I'll take the
hot to make and forgive you okay one has
a minute coffee good punch Mickey
they say it's on the way is there any
hot Cuban coffee
why you want to buy now no I don't want
coffee
are we having a moment we're having a
moment to see the new video man yeah see
we just had a moment so I can cry -
you're a Martian we never got you didn't
cry when the kids were born
I cried when the kids were born I
promise I promise you I Colin you're
born there and I know that you know
you're only good night
because I squeezed your hand so hard I
totally cried when the kids were born
you know what I probably didn't cry when
the kids were born
are you giving them such a hard time mr.
monkey do you ever give the the servers
a hard time never already serving us why
would I give them your work Oh feel
sweetie I learned from your brother miss
monkey learn from we're gonna go to the
yard
Oh Anna aflame Oh
but you smile so long
are you okay
Wow
Oh
to be my girl
the restaurant up inside the turn up is
real but no mind it turn out these
people know how to turn off that's for
sure oh yeah I got one too oh hi
guys that have this cake please please
we're gonna share some cake mama B's
turning up after a dinner like that no
mama B go don't my mommy no mommy are we
going to your k/d what okay we're going
to arcade this is crazy we just got here
and I'm I left boom boom ah all right
mr. monkey where is the arcade there's
an IMAX on the ship what you got we
trying to win oh that looks good that
looks good yeah there it is there it is
ah good it looks good oh come on that
looks good oh come on
come on mr. monkey let's do it this is
on the ship we're not talking about like
one like one old school like 1980s game
we're talking like this is this is on
the ship hi I'm um hobby like jumping
right away how are you mama B and Miss
monkey are gonna go on this crazy ride
here okay the hunting was a hunted night
the hunting mind
that's gonna happen
Hey hey baby whoo-ha I wanna know if
you'll be my girl will you be my girl
forever
oh thanks mama B that's so sweet we had
a great meal amazing dinner and a show
we should waster Chris back then we went
to an arcade that's on the ship yeah
blows my mind I punch things a kid Amoy
can take the monkeys over there are just
like where's your lollipop we love you
guys have a good night miss monkey can I
have your lollipop no yeah yo ha ha yeah
y'all
