hungry Gus forget the hats house to get
the hats test yeah we're on our way to
eat some roti mama peas parents a widow
and a Willa
they are Ella control teaming what
abuelo and abuela what do you what are
you my teacher now pretty much Spanish
teacher you don't even know are you my
Spanish teacher then you think you can
speak better Spanish can I say something
in Spanish Spanish no good that's
awesome
alright mommy let's go eat some ro team
it's not a sponsorship by the way this
is not a sponsorship so funny that the
kids love you guys alone Frank's redhot
I was you we are almost at abuela no
widow's house mama B's parents and we're
gonna go get some rotini in like the
roti neighborhood where they make like
the best roti you grew up in this
neighborhood
Banting neighborhood be authentic Oh
didn't tease I grew up in a neighborhood
where there was European food Caribbean
music European people jerk chicken beans
and rice beef patties and of course
brought a monkey's we're almost there we
don't know they start eating they get
your bull right in through the door and
they don't remember what is yeah there's
always something going on there's always
a little something going on in the
woodland our widows howl so much each
other up in a peanut so what they do
what do they do what do they do what do
they do this is the most yes do it good
daddy come on eat kids that's massive
look at the size of that thing
is that a snack is this what you guys do
for a snack when you know that the kids
are going over because that's not enough
yes you need
deviled deviled eggs and more shrimp
cocktail I don't know where you got your
cooking school and I'll never know is
that goat cheese crispy fresh cheese
billy goat facing unbelievable ice
creams i think you can tell after we
leave here we have a beautiful sleep at
night you guys hook up the monkeys like
me wow oh my goodness
pieces cheeks like a good grandmother
squeeze your cheeks squeeze our cheeks
grandma hungry what do you mean you're
hungry what's the matter with you know
this you'll eat a lot o best cake ever
you get the best cake ever that's right
so not only do we have some awesome
rotis we have what kind of cake is it
roti time let's get some rotis
all right this is apparently the best
roti in the world right here mama B you
grew up eating roti that human race this
family right here they make the best
road team world champion routine and no
scorpion peppers though no Spokane
peppers thank you very much guys take
care thank you
oh my goodness
roads gonna sighs these rotis so this
has your head oh we got doubles
that's a double that's what a double is
what's it though it's I still know what
a double is but the tasting a beautiful
fried dough and there's chickpeas don't
worry buddy even 11 this amazing airs
the real TK so what's a protein mama B
what is a pro to you I've just asked me
what a roti is boy you better watch
yourself that's right that's right
we got steal ox tail hawk steal
lose like a double food blog yeah two
days in a row plantains cuz they're like
we don't have salad will will be do
plenty oh he's coming down with
something
mommy's got a little bit of a cough so
you know helps what helps
rotate rotate rotate is is like a
beautiful dough with like a chicken in
it when you put like he's in like the
dough Oh miss so tasty oxtail rice you
got your veggies which is you're
planting some really some veggies what's
in the bag of goodies there's mama beat
up more goodies 800 pounds of roti the
monkeys are always happy because you
know where there's a computer there's a
monkey are you guys watching our videos
no come on
watch your videos yeah look there's a
new one out watch that one that one's a
good one
she ain't the nest oh that one's also
reading mean comments it's also very
good one what are you gonna watch
diamond minecraft find the minecraft
diamond minecraft the diamond minecart
get the camera oh my thing do you like
rotis miranda mini Miranda today weren't
eating routine
okay oh I love Aaron tube oh yeah this
is the kiddie champagne a wiggle
yes win the Grand Prix Oh something's
coming Wow
this is definitely not champagne but it
is pear is like a pear juice like it's
sparkly I said oh that's a serious
royalty that's my area we got we got
ourselves some roti you mean you know
the pork good night boy anybody put your
fingers in there your hands in them look
at that community Venice it's got like
chicken I wish you guys were here having
some roti with us we should have a party
we should invite everybody over for roti
what do you guys think everybody's all
roti doubt yeah wrote it out you guys
wrote it out I mean that once you can go
for days on the road whatever you've
done with this meeting monkeys did you
pick this cake
aye you did you pick this cake let's
have a look
is mr. monkeys cake right all right
let's have a look
mr. monkey good job on the cake thank
you thanks for watching everybody I hope
you guys liked that roti session that we
had if you haven't subscribed to our
channel please subscribe if you like
this video please like it we did a
giveaway a couple weeks back and it was
called what's in the box and we've
declared winners and we've contacted the
winners so there's a link in the
description we opened up a box full of
toys and we did a giveaway we contacted
six people and they have 24 hours to
respond runs gonna pick new winners
that's it thanks for watching anything
else monkeys fallujah have a good day
you okay I'm still hungry
I know you mean
