today mama B's making fried chicken and
waffles fried chicken and Reba waffles
okay do you want to help me cook today
no but you can let me know when it's
done it on come to eat today we're
making fried chicken and waffles this is
a super comfort food for us so for the
chicken very simple I picked up some
chicken thighs I'm gonna clean these up
trim the fat off of those and we need
some eggs to dip into an egg wash
mixture and then Pango Pango with panko
panko bread crumbs and then I just
picked up this easy to make waffle mix
you just add milk and vegetable oil and
an egg so easy peasy lemon squeezy
nothing fancy but it's so good okay
first let's do the crispy chicken I'm
gonna start with the chicken first I'm
gonna rinse my chicken all I'm doing
right now is trimming off some of this
excess fat I don't want it though one
might argue it would be very flavorful
to keep trying to keep it as healthy as
deep-fried chicken can be so no fat no
bones so we're gonna salt pepper and a
sprinkle of this poultry seasoning ooh
it smells delightful I wish you could
smell this can I smell it oh it smells
nice just don't don't snort it I'm blend
of ground herbs baby tell you what's in
it no they probably should he's gonna
guess the loss to just say ground her
Wow don't mix that around a little bit
clean hands clean heads mama he's got
the cleanest hands in the business oh
yes one last sprinkle of pepper I see
you're not measuring again no for eggs
we're gonna break the eggs ready roll
you here so more peeps today we're going
to make
and waffles but these waffles are very
different they're going to be colored
because we love unicorns and rainbows so
we're gonna measure out our panko I've
just prepared five chicken thighs but
you can use white meat if you like
breast meat I love dark meat
- I'm gonna wait to do the third cup so
now I'm gonna take my chicken mm-hmm
okay I'm gonna run it through the egg
took an egg back it is and then I'm
gonna bring it in to my panko and I'm
gonna use this hinge cover
nice dude by the way thanks what's the
magic trick
yeah three two one all right there it is
what's next mommy next is we're gonna
fry up the chicken keep your work area
clean how do you fry chicken mom beat
all right I'm gonna put the heat on
medium to high guys you don't want to
burn your chicken you don't want it to
cook on the outside of your on the
inside mm-hmm
I've done that when I first started
cooking it's not pretty you can use
vegetable oil I like using canola oil or
corn oil this corn oil
I think that's corn oil is a big piece
of corn in the back so there's no corn
in that oil
I'd be very disciplined like using corn
oil you can use vegetable oil if you
want so we're gonna let that heat up get
ready for some fried chicken everybody
they're ready and all I'm doing is
preparing a plate with some paper towels
to drain the chicken so that the oil
drains off there we go
you've got the tent I know that's how I
test my oil honestly you're supposed to
like hit a little bit of the panko and
drop it in there don't do that that's
very dangerous because if you put your
fingers in boiling oil you might burn
your fingers right off oh okay you know
what just have fun in the kitchen that's
what I always say very gently into the
oil oh yeah nice
into the oil so you're gonna cook these
little puppies little babies you're
gonna cook these little chicken thighs
five minutes aside okay okay all right
you don't measure
I don't measure that you know time and
you also don't test oil safely no hey
I'm not a chef I didn't go to chef
school our sons gonna go to chef school
he wants to yeah I love to eat that's
what it is and so that means that I have
to cook because I can't eat out three
meals a day maybe I look at oh yeah I'm
gonna finish cooking up my chicken and
then I'm gonna start on my waffles look
at this guy's
fried chicken fresh okay mama B what's
next all right we're gonna make our
you have never stirred me wrong Betty
Crocker let's figure this out together
shall we well keeping it real mama beans
reading instruction whatever you know
what fine in the kitchen make it as easy
as you possibly can
two cups of this mix you can just
prepare it as per the package directions
or you can use frozen waffles or you can
make like real waffles whatever you want
we're you can call the waffle fairy in
the waffle theory we'll make waffles for
you whatever you want but one thing
though is if you are making the mix you
definitely have to measure so you can't
pull a mama B and not measure when it
comes to making out waffles or pancakes
or anything like that okay so our trusty
waffle maker is warming up and now it's
time to mix the waffle batter okay so
now you have the waffle batter in three
separate bowls because you're gonna add
food coloring because we're making
rainbow waffles because why not yes
exactly exactly yeah try3
Madinah be nervous because I really want
to eat the chicken and waffles boom
okay how cute is that guys okay look at
that right Wow okay I guess we're gonna
hold it up how many minutes oh it's
great yes yes a little bit of rosemary
for decorations the Karachi yo oh my
goodness there it is guys
rainbow waffles fried chicken wow if I
wasn't holding the camera I'd be
clapping right now actually and there we
go
rainbow waffles and fried chicken if you
want you can pour maple syrup on top you
can prepare gravy whatever you like
we're gonna do maple syrup kids time for
dinner mama B made fried chicken and
rainbow waffles get out the way
all right I'm gonna take a piece of the
Wow holder pieces of chicken when people
are really quiet eating your food that's
a good sign what people talk too much
means the food is not good some chicken
some waffle little dip
oh my goodness the chicken is crispy
tender flavorful you can't go wrong with
the waffle and the syrup to dip I have
to say this is probably one of the best
meals I've ever made
thanks for watching everybody if you
like this video please give it a thumbs
up if you want to see mama B cook
anything else or do any other baking or
anything nice it's gonna benefit us
anyways so let us go in the comments
what you want to see it and we'll do it
I'll ask her to do it thank you guys for
watching we love you Pooh thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
have to subscribe to yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little thing
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice bye
