any time I walk into the kitchen and
mombi's dancing it's a good day what's
happening today mama B what are you
making
it's very easy actually it's um I call
them egg nests because it reminds me of
like a nest but for eggs not birds and
it's so easy and you can keep them in
the fridge during the week when you
don't have time to get up in the morning
and make breakfast every single morning
like so I make a ton of them and I put
them in a container pop them in the
fridge all week you just heat one up
heat two up for Papa one for me one for
the monkeys two rules in making egg
nests no in being in the kitchen in
general oh and being in the kitchen in
general I can help you make a bun I'm
gonna make you punch this is like the
major leagues got it lucky Sakai little
AG man your door zoom in on my face I'm
not okay so make a bun wash your hands a
lemon smooth LeMans egg nests so cool
the first time mama B made them we had
to record it so here it is little mists
little little egg net oh man this is how
easy these babies are I have eggs or ham
mm-hmm and turkey breast lean turkey
breast I'm adding spinach to some of
them not to all of them because the
monkeys don't like spinach like that and
watermelon no not no watermelon
no I have this nonstick pen thing
cooking spray nonstick cooking spray
yeah cleaned out this with like a towel
make sure there's no like dust or
anything nice and Polito nice simple eat
oh okay what is Polito mean clean but
your cooking spray inside of here while
you're doing this
you're heating up your pen for the the
spinach okay okay you don't you don't
punch it like that to see you know I
touch it that's what cuz I'm a seasoned
veteran yes
cooker don't punch your home yeah
probably not I'm crazy because you're
nuts continue to spray it what do you
want half yeah 1/2 turkey half and half
okay you are going to take your slices
and line the inside like that and make
sort of like a pocket right it's kind of
like a pocket you don't want it to hang
out too too much over the side so tuck
it in there nicely six ham and six
turkey six hem is six turkey I mean we
all love him and we all love turkey
turkey is a bit healthier
it's a leaner pre-washed spinach and I'm
just gonna throw it into the pen
no oil and these are gonna wilt on their
own
you could add some coconut oil if you
want you're making like a little cupcake
yeah that's a that's a good analogy
Bubba their little cupcake things yeah
they're like little cupcake cups you are
going to be and if you don't like these
meats you can just do the egg you can
just drop the egg in there I just like
to have some protein beautiful wow that
looks amazing okay so now here we go you
have these little cupcake cup thingies
made out of Turkey and ham oh my
goodness
and a spinach right now is starting to
warm up a bit yeah do you do this does
this do anything this does nothing
so I don't you don't get like two
spatulas or whatever and all we want to
do is cook this down a little bit so
that it occupies less space in the cup
get it put the leaves straight in there
it's gonna fall all over the place to be
too big like yeah they're like big
whereas if you cook them down a little
bit you make these you put them in the
fridge you warm them up for later it's
got protein it's got veggie veggies
nutrients no better vitamins no butter
no salt no salt no butter just eggs
protein and protein and meat and and in
green and greens as you can see I'm a
nutritionist
Wow okay so you have a few of them don't
have any spinach yeah we left some for
the kids because you never know but we
put their spinach in their shakes and
now is this the Piazza resistance on
phones
now you're gonna take your eggs and you
want to try not to break the yolk okay
right so you want to try to crack it and
put it in there and not crack your yolk
because that's for presentation if you
crack it it's no big deal it's still
gonna taste the same
you're a pro egg cracker many years
cracking eggs look at that the oven is
heated to 400 404 I would say 15 to 20
minutes no I like them not fully cooked
I like when you cut into the yolk for
the yolk to come out so I could go to
closer to 15 if you don't like that
texture go closer to 20 minutes okay no
rules here in mama B's kitchen you do
what you want safe at sea salt leather
oil salt yeah tastes good but guess
where that goes baby you never know how
much salt and how much sugar people put
in the restaurants so but when you do it
here you know how much salt has been put
in zilch this is a bit of do dock you
need an island with one of those like
giant fans you know those like big fancy
fans big marble countertop a sink that
holds more than one pan and one of those
like stoves that have the grill things
in there they're they're gassy mama B
what's the situation oh my goodness oh
wow close to 15 minutes yeah you don't
want to like dry I feel like it more dry
more harder so if you're like you know
writing to continent in the car to
schooler to work you can take a bite out
of it and it doesn't run down you're
closer to 20 minutes by the monkey
well you know what you don't have to go
to a restaurant to have a nice fancy
breakfast the crispness of the grape
will go nicely with the softness of the
egg Wow mixing textures together medleys
smell is so good okay and you can tell
which ones were spinach a couple of
greens hanging out and these ones are
the non spinach okay so good we come to
the table and see a glass of water
already in the table they don't ask for
juice mmm-hmm but that water has to be
there otherwise they see empty glasses
this monkey what's your what's your
happy dance with your BC so here's the
PS also the resistor own Psalms yes you
have your egg nests Oh on top of the
English muffin and you have some grapes
on the side so okay let's cut open when
you cut open you have wow that's amazing
so see I even cook these a little too
long because I like further at my yolk
to run but that's what it looks like
there it is thank you
mr. monkey how was it it was incredible
oh yes the famous approval from Mama B
he appears when the food is ready yeah
buzz buzz mr. monkey buzz buzz how is it
with the spinach
how's that magic stay tuned for the next
episode when Papa cooks breakfast for
the family
