good morning so we're a little bummed
because we went to Disneyland and we
spent the whole day filming at
Disneyland what time did we start we
started at around 10:30 we went
everywhere we were with our friends we
went on all the rides we've logged
everything I mean we captured all the
moments and then what happened at around
5:30
we realized that our camera was gone so
we couldn't understand we retraced our
steps and we didn't understand what
happened where the camera was because
we're super careful with it
it was gone and we were totally bummed
out because all of our memories from
those seven hours were on there and we
also filmed some funny skits before and
that was on that memory card I didn't
get a chance to move it on to the
computer so hey what am i person
rollercoaster so there was a whole bunch
of cool stuff and it was gone we didn't
know if the camera was stolen or fell
out somewhere and we were super bummed
so then we started filming whatever we
could add around 5:00 5:30 I pulled out
my phone and just started recording
we're at Disneyland
and I actually documented the whole trip
and I just lost the camera so I'm now
blogging with this phone I lost the
camera we have no idea where it is we
check Splash Mountain we check the
Haunted Mansion we check everything I
can't find it I have no idea what
happened to it there you go guys lost my
camera but at least you guys get to see
a duck we consider ourselves what are we
because we're not vloggers we're not
vloggers we're just the family that
captures memories yeah and we share them
with you guys
so that's why we were sad is because
there were so many amazing moments and
we were with our friends Audrey and Evie
we have spent an incredible day with
them and we got to go to club 33 at
Disney club 33 was so cool and so there
was just so many memories and I miss
monkey went on a lot of riots that she
has never gone on before because she
used to be really scared long story
short we were sat or said that all those
memories were gone we made the best of
it though we did have fun we stayed
until the end we saw the light show we
saw the fireworks and and that was fun
yeah what a bummer because I don't lose
things like that we don't just lose our
camera so it was about midnight that's a
night when we saw a message appear on
our Instagram picture from someone
saying I have your camera it was hard to
believe yeah there were a couple of
people who are saying that like they
really have it or saying it just to get
our hopes up so we told this person can
you send us a picture of the camera
and lo and behold it was our camera we
could believe it they found the camera
in the washroom and they knew it was
ours yeah
so the camera must have fallen out of
the pouch so we learned our lesson we
will put it safely inside the egg not
hanging on the outside of the pouch no
so we made arrangements to go and get it
so we are really excited to meet her
and to talk to her and to thank her in
person for being honest
just it just goes to show that there are
people in this world that are good
wholesome people do the right thing
right so I think that we all have that
inner voice inside of us sometime
wrong decisions and this person made the
right decision and so we're going to
reward her for her honesty
we hope that she always remembers this
moment when she did the right thing and
and that's why we want her
no one surprised her yeah we want a
surprise her so we're on our way we're
on our way here right now to get the
camera back and surprise her
we're good alright alright
okay mama me okay I can't believe they
found our camera at Disneyland and then
they left a message on Instagram to tell
us that they had the camera like how
impossible is that we thought this
camera was gone yeah we were convinced
the camera was totally gone that is so
crazy
well I think I passed it oh here we are
over here we're gonna meet the Good
Samaritan who found our camera there
they are oh my gosh okay these are the
Good Samaritans right here right here
you guys thank you so much can you tell
us your name yes destiny and yours Maya
Maya
nice to meet you Maya and yours Holly
Chloe no we need you oh and these are
our Good Samaritans who found our camera
thank you for so much everything that
you did like there were so many memories
on that camera and this is it like we
were so emotional like to get your
message and that was amazing what you
did thank you yeah what are the chances
I'm never gonna find a camera that's
amazing so many so much so what do we
want you we want to take I want to take
my memory like that I want to give you
guys this camera so you just got to get
a memory card says I have this camera
the memories that we have that's the
most important thing it wasn't really
about the camera I was about the
memories cuz we film so many funny
things on this and I want to show it so
you guys are awesome you guys don't have
to do that right and you did so we also
want to we have a cash reward for you as
well so this is $200 for you oh thank
you so much you guys have to do that
well you guys are amazing I did an
amazing thing and I want you guys to
remember for the rest of your lives that
you guys have an amazing
thing for us and thank you for doing the
right thing if we're being so honored
thank you guys you guys are awesome
what honestly looks like happy ending is
it happen today
Wow and we hope you make your own
memories with that camera yes thank you
so much oh thank you so much for finding
our camera we've made new friends guys
this is what it's all about it's about
being a good human being when you do the
right thing
good things happen thank you so much
guys and thank you be kind be kind and
honest stop pays off we love you guys
wait a second I just realized something
they said that they found the camera in
the bathroom and you took the bags to
the bathroom so technically you lost the
camera no you lost him no you lost the
camera nope it was your fault
no you lost the camera I lost the camera
yeah yo haha yeah yeah
