do you have any life advice for the kids
of the world yes don't ever eat yellow
snow don't pet the growling dog and I'm
sorry who are you again
this is like the best energy meal right
here banana peanut butter rye bread mama
B thank you very much for that
Oh mama B that's another nice beautiful
dress that you got oh I like your spins
I know and we weren't doing ah we
weren't doing that like an hour ago car
wash star wash garlic garlic garlic
colors wow so much cheaper than
Disneyland well look at all the colors
cuz they're so pretty and they're so
relaxing
this concludes our very peaceful car
wash
thank you for watching we'll see you at
the baseball game mama B she was out
trying dresses and buying dresses oh wow
oh my goodness what do you guys think he
got it
hold on hole in one
oh that was so close miss monkey Oh hold
on hold on let it go let it go let go
let go yeah
miss monkey that's a nice haircut you
got clean very fresh chopped fresh cut
and you donated your hair yeah that's
very nice changing what mama B Kip hasa
kissed Abbas on yonder what is going on
mommy I don't wanna get it that hot mama
B what did you just said Minami he Tojo
say Keesha nothing on Mac in Serrano's
icer top casitas no tiene Cosette what's
that mom you get the liquid liquid from
the bag and you put it you're gonna grow
leaves on your head so nothing goes to
waste
see now I am going to look like the
Kardashians I want to look like the
Kardashians but I don't want to cut not
God just see el amor save ah cuando la
la Florence Hey Besame que yo quiero 10
tiptoes la voz Sandow mail Travis
suavemente Bobby you don't need any of
that stuff did Wyatt stop it you're
lying to me is that babushka coming back
don't just stand there let's get to it
come on long distance to it do you know
how crazy you look right now looking for
ghosts all right it's an act
the ghost is asking you to pay four
dollars to upgrade that's not a ghost
okay if you find a ghost can you please
ask it to help you with your homework no
what I need to translate it though track
no I'm not paying four bucks to
translate time to play catch with my son
good catch son so weird to be the one
who takes you need to be oh my goodness
I five high five hoods
oh my goodness look how cute that is I'm
putting this on the news world's cutest
bear okay okay there push it come on now
clone now pig power
Oh Mama's family what's up Mama's family
Mama's family you sure and dad is family
too it's backwards because it's you know
snapchat billion-dollar company but they
still have reversed videos no idea why
but that's will say dad as family the
ingredients of the world famous nachos
cheese unsalted Kip Hassan a chose black
olives green olives the tomatoes and
little Cotto
this is a picture a video it's a video I
just wanted to you there's a picture of
videos one ty how much I love you when
you major yeah that's the video still I
heard the hell they were some nachos in
this place I really want to see big I'll
tell you the modules can we do it
together I should probably help mama B
so I will help oh mama bean looking's
very nice when you gonna help what are
you gonna help when it finish i'ma give
you moral support
lose a mama V at IKEA always remember
you will find her in the candles she
loves her candles was that one smell
like oranges
go go mama B go mama B go mama B G oh oh
oh go monkey go monkey monkey
los Amigos emoto's hermanos
pero Claro que yo voy para mi Pais Lulu
y te quiero mucho pero lo Megaton
Otamendi queremos Pompey was just saying
is that she is from Uruguay so obviously
she's going for Uruguay today but we
love you Mexico oh we are a big part of
her we're all brothers and sisters we
love you all no way she's back babushka
how are you babushka hello I'm babushka
we meet before I don't remember you must
not be important
Baboosh I missed you so much
why are you dressed like that there's no
summer yet it's freezing outside
put the sweater on you're going to get
sick should I just wear a hat yes do you
have any life advice for the kids of the
world yes don't ever eat yellow snow
don't pet the growling dog and I'm sorry
who are you again
bye-bye haters
bye babushka when can I see you I'm
talking you're irritating me or give me
headache
bye babushka
yeah y'all haha
yeah yo
