good morning rise and shine
we made you a breakfast to get the day
started right and then it's off to
school breakfast for me what a perfect
morning mom dad can we get a new iPad
please psychology what's good for
everybody
mom dad can we get a new iPad please
more technology you know what I have a
great idea I found something that
doesn't take batteries boom books this
is the old-fashioned iPad nothing better
than just putting your head and brain
into a book oh and when you get bored
you can just read it again so what's for
dinner tonight
Oh for dinner we have something very
special tonight we can start with
Doritos get some skittles for dessert so
what's for dinner tonight
hmm tonight we're doing a vegetarian
cleanse we're gonna start off with
spinach and then we're gonna have
carrots and for dessert celery
Oh perfect check out the new dance to
learn look it's not like your arms
justice but better look I call this what
are you doing just justice
um dad can you help me with this math
question
Oh oh my goodness okay so I'm gonna
teach you a really really simple and
easy and fun way to do this math
equation right here because you know
what math is fun Oh dad can you help me
with my math homework
it's pretty easy but this is the
question the width of each eye is an
interpretation of Delta I the function
is 1 divided by the quantity X plus
closed quantity okay guys today's a big
chore day what I need you to do is fluff
the pillows
okay you're done have a great day guys
we have a busy day ahead of us guys we
all need to pitch in okay chordate I
need you to pull the sheets off your bed
wash them put them back on do your
laundry full dry put your clothes away
iron what needs to get iron put away all
your schoolbooks guys it's time for bed
but it's only 10:00 p.m. what it's only
10:00 p.m.
guys it's time for bed
what but it's only 5:00 p.m. yeah so you
never heard of the early bird catches
the worm birds the birds are catching
all the worms yeah and then the only way
they can do that is if they get up early
there are literally children playing
outside thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you've haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little thing will pop
up and you get to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice
