oh it's a party down here from Lindsay
mama B you had the music playing a
little loud
mama B's mommy's getting ready to cook
this is the motivation this is the
motivator motivation I know you need the
motivation Oh God
let's go here dance ma be alright mama B
let's do this let's get to cooking mama
B loves to cook so much that she doesn't
request flowers ash requests basil basil
planned all that nothing says love hmm
nothing says love like a basil plant
fresh basil this smell reminds me of my
childhood it does yes I had a babysitter
her name was Adelina uh-huh Italian she
didn't speak a word of English and she
would take care of me after school and
she would have the most fragrant herbs
in her garden and so she would go back
there she'd pick a cucumber and slice it
up Oh shouldn't you cover I've ever had
in my whole entire life
are you putting basil in this meal today
so I am gonna put you are whoa
today I'm gonna keep it simple but
interesting
okay I like civilizations that's it but
interesting that's me right there for
fun oh that is me right there yeah just
like me simple and interesting and play
with it mama B what are you making today
I'm making pasta delicious pasta and I'm
adding a bunch of nice things to it and
it's super super easy awesome so we have
head to Cheney because that's a Miss
monkey's favorite pasta fettuccine yeah
we have peas prosciutto we have a basil
pesto we have asparagus and I have some
mild Italian sausage mild Italian sighs
okay I need you to spell prosciutto
P
oscy i utt Oh prosciutto me th e in
prosciutto my piace prosciutto come
bocconcini
cause a PPR chat take okay let's back
back to the cooking
I'm salting my water it's on Macs yeah
I'm gonna cook the sell cheech's okay
we're good sauce there is so these
sausages are going in the oven and you
have some boiling water with a little
bit of salt in it you're using the
parchment paper yes and you're putting
the sausage on the parchment yes that's
going to go into the oven just like that
to the oven
yeah okay so you got two pots of water
at two pots this is gonna be for my
asparagus spider this is gonna be for my
peas but I'm also gonna make some
asparagus in the oven because I like to
give people a choice mmm what they like
to eat so I'm gonna make some asparagus
in the oven and some in the pot Wow your
eyes are very smoking beautiful nice
your eyes the very smoky and beautiful I
love it
her eyes are so mysterious okay what was
first the interrogator the parsh mom
struggle is real they're cut off a big
chunk of that bitches yeah cuz these are
hard yeah and then they get like chewy
and weird unfortunately yes a lot of
that does go to waste
mm-hmm but this is what I want so this
is gonna be the bunch that i blanch in
hot water okay Blanche Blanche Blanche
is different from boiling yeah you don't
you don't want to boil it for a long
time you just want to put it through
like gentle gentle hot water because you
don't want to overcook it
okay yeah overcook the spirit
it overcooked asparagus is like really
yeah these are nipple here
flat flat flat okay a little bit of salt
a little bit of pepper very nice
hmm and a little bit of olive oil doing
the drizzle drizzle a little drizzle
that's all
glass all these are also gonna go oh
yeah hello sausages these guys are
getting blanched launched you okay I'm
gonna put maybe two cups okay do you
measure 2 cups no okay okay so we have a
bag yes all right papa bear uh you know
we don't measure
well mama B doesn't measure uh notice I
had the asparagus sitting in water okay
and asparagus is something that you want
to buy it and eat it you don't want it
sitting in your fridge because it it
gets really gross when it starts to go
so buy it and use it that same day if
you can or at the latest the very next
day but keep it in water so while all of
this is cooking I'm going to cut up my
prosciutto this stuff oh thank goodness
we all love it we all love prosciutto we
all love pesto in this house that's
that's looking really nice
and have a strip of prosciutto please
this is the best piece right here how do
I get a piece of this prosciutto to
someone you really love ah you know what
I smell my prosciutto not like I love it
he's so good eat it up I even okay
I know is it all the water is boiling
hey if I start going in my pasta and we
like leftovers for the next we love
leftovers I'm gonna start off with the
prosciutto and I'm just gonna start to
cut it okay so I'm going to turn this
off now the asparagus because it just
started boiling I'm gonna turn it off I
let them sit in there for a little bit
okay so you don't over boil the
asparagus there the pasta the pasta make
sure it doesn't stick how long do we
have to wait for the pasta to cook 8 to
10 minutes 8 to 10 minutes how about the
sausages and the asparagus
maybe 10-15 minutes okay how do you
check to make sure the asparagus is that
over good stick the fork in it right you
want like a firm texture you don't want
mushy and saw hmm one nice firm
asparagus that's what you want
okay although they're still super hard
all right so and now we wait and now we
wait I hear singing
I see a shadow I see something I can see
Papa it's not pop oh it's just the
camera okay great nice to meet you and I
found myself dreaming oh yeah in silver
and gold lexing from a movie that every
broken heart knows whoo
we're watching anyway what are you
playing Obie's roblox yeah and what are
you playing mr. monkey minecraft so it
seems like every time we cook the
monkeys are playing video games as we do
we're like oh we're gonna be cooking for
20 minutes you guys can take a little
break can that's what they do but the
really the now really nice he'snot
wanna promise tomorrow I'm gonna grab
you this we'll never know when when
we'll run out of time that's really cool
mr. monkey actually did this we printed
that out a few days ago a mr. monkey put
together the heart oh yeah
we look so cute because we're so highly
you guys are so cute and so many neon
something oh my god I'm making a monkey
face on the hairs on myself
we'll let you know when the food's ready
peace I love that Christmas tree
hmm sausages are looking nice Oh the
sausages are looking great so this has
been cooking what like five minutes now
yes okay I'm gonna grab the sausage okay
I'm gonna turn it over now I'm gonna put
some slits in there because I like how
it cooks when the inside is exposed now
onto the same pan I am going to add the
prosciutto oh when the sausages are
halfway done you're gonna add the
prosciutto in prosciutto is going in on
that tray even flipped daven now we're
testing the pasta she does not throw it
against the wall like I do when I test
my pasta it's a very special breathing
technique that you have going on there
and thumbs up go it's super old into
still but what I'm going to do is I'm
going to turn that off I'll let it cook
slowly so that it's timed for when I
take the meat out asparagus looks good
you gave a little steady stabbing that
looks right okay
what are you doing mama I have no
patience I have to turn up the heat a
little bit because I want to eat four to
five what robe do it Ching Quatro -
watching slay venti Cinque Quattro
Cinque Quattrocento Matra chant Oh been
teaching been teaching quit you want to
beat on you say Quattro benta trade the
Cinque hmm someone liked her vine is
that crazy and you were just singing her
song miss monkeys speechless meghan
trainor just liked the vine that we
posted no no Nanette Oh focus you need
to let it go
this thing's not focusing I hate you I
hate this camera so much right now you
need to let it go you need to let it go
you need to let it go now
no no no so the pasta is cooked the peas
are cooked now it's time to assemble the
pasta the pasta the boat the pasta alla
alla prosciutto best pesto so now I'm
gonna put a few spoons cuz I have a lot
of pasta it's a good bunch of spoonfuls
of pesto yes okay very nice
and these are gonna go into the pasta
2/3 and now I'm gonna add a little bit
more olive oil now you're taking it all
my that smell very generous pieces that
is Oh now it is time for the official
plating of the pesto pasta with the
prosciutto and the sausage and asparagus
some crispy prosciutto
parmigiano-reggiano mama B this is an
Instagram right here that is oh man that
I need you to fold your love right there
my mom got it monkeys speechless as
always for some reason when they start
eating kids don't talk a lot no I think
that's a good time what do you think
baby is good I especially love the
prosciutto oh do you not a spell
prosciutto P Oh art s H thanks for
watching everybody
let us know in the comments if you want
to see anything else yeah anything you
want to see mama B will make it she's
really good she's very talented
she's very Madison she like to eat and I
like to feed this guy thank you her and
I like to eat this guy like like to feed
this fat hen who's got one thumb and
likes to eat this guy right here if you
like this video please like it if you
haven't subscribed please hit that
subscribe button we love you guys peace
mm-hmm and these are the leftovers whoo
I love my leftovers better the next day
and it's even better the next day
Lakers have set in because of
Mississippi yeah y'all
