I'm going to cry so much I'm gonna bawl
my eyes out on the last day and I'm
gonna give everyone the tightest hug
ever that bullet is gonna come out so
day okay well I got real dark
hello mama B how you doing so we
finished our road trip and we're finally
settling back at home as you guys know
we were away for two weeks
and we had a blast this recap was
prepared and when we saw it we had tears
in her eyes okay he had tears in his
eyes and I was crying I was welling up a
little bit
no probably maybe nine maybe in one eye
and um and it perfectly sums up those
two weeks for us and so we are so proud
of it we love it so much and we wanted
to share it with you because this really
symbolizes who we are as a family and
what we're trying to put out to the
world and so here it goes
and stay tuned afterwards for ya for
some behind the scenes and some bloopers
so yeah we wanted to share it with you
that's what we wanted to love it we love
it hope you love it too so here it is
three two one hey everybody we're the
a/v family and we just wrapped up the
greater American road trip thanks for
floating allergy relief we were
challenged by Kellie Pickler to be
greater than our allergies I partnered
up with flonase and the sweet baby
family which you may know them from the
crazy little bond antics they are
amazing people freshest kids allergy
sufferers just like me they did a road
trip I check in with him along the way
hey TV and we kick it off in New York on
April 18th
they went to Louisville Nashville
Atlanta and now an awesome today my
family and I were in New York City
Kentucky Horse Park
Louisville Kentucky Mammoth Cave
Nashville flea markets grand ole opry
Coolidge Park in Chattanooga Atlanta
beautiful beautiful Atlanta Jackson
Mississippi Dallas and Austin Texas it's
been a memorable experience for my whole
family
creating some great people visiting some
amazing places that we would have never
visited before we never planned to visit
and now we want to come back to every
city that we went to it takes a special
family to really be together to be
straight and so I think this trip has
made us closer to the family we would
love for as many people to follow the
journey as possible join in on the
conversation at be greater Sloan acecomm
you can follow on social media on
hashtag be greater
you
yes
knows that I was braver yeah Curie you
got to practice you have to practice
whoa that's too hard that's too hard mr.
monkey you just killed the mascot
you just killed over Scott oh no you
okay
okay he's alive he's alive okay
represent oh those gays don't either
us a big giant giant noggin Hot Springs
either they were able to do down hoedown
showdown
I'm so excited reach your feet you too
Brown that's rep
okay guys I'm from southern Kentucky
haha Jamin um
heaven is more like a Kentucky kind of
play cry so much I'm gonna bawl my eyes
out and I'm gonna give everyone the
tightest hug ever that bullet is gonna
come out of it so day okay well I got
real dark you got real dark how much I
love ah just a cowboy living on this
ranch
that's just kidding later where the
country club let's get out of here I'm
gonna eat thousand mosquito bites by the
time we leave here and that's your
weather for today and right
stuff like that before
oh yeah y'all aha yeah
