why is it that every single time I go to
your rooms they're never clean all I ask
is for a clean room that's all I'm
asking here if you could what what's so
funny guys why are you laughing I'm
serious I keep the end up Oh gotta keep
your hand up Eddie's are not cool
sunglasses ah how did you want on taste
it tastes like roast beef
how's it taste like roast beef I don't
know your hair looks like two squirrels
who are dancing around got tired took a
rest took a nap then watch some TV in a
Dutch okay you look so cute face dad
this watermelon smells like really weird
you want to smell it's like oh I'm so
sorry don't mean to offend you like it's
okay it's a lot about you didn't have no
it's cool is it everything I'm just it's
hard to tell sometimes that I don't have
a nose it's oh it's fine yeah cool today
we're teaching my son how to shoot a
ball get your target line it up and take
that shot
those are the cutest shoes I've ever
seen in my life and that is the cutest
lady I've ever seen
I got this awesome photo of me just
hanging there on the side of nothing
smokey just hates the picture well she
took she took it but I was but I was
holding it ripped for like a long time
later hater
Oh
this is the girl from Boy Meets worlds
girl ooh girl meets world my gosh the
girl that is Miley Cyrus's friend in
Hannah Montana they were friends they
were hey this is Anna Moreno
she's a very good thank you
it's cute huh nice one snapchat I like
that
did she mail it that's a wrap that was
like a one taker right there how come
you guys how come you guys always make
me do like three or four takes and then
she gets the one taker
I was not supposed to make that shot
that's why I was so shocked let's try
that again
stop it stop children Robert just to
enough oh it's a potato wiggle wiggle
don't even think about it mr. monkey
duct miss monkey what are you trying to
make sushi sushi that's seaweed that's
all powder whoa mommy are you gonna have
miss monkey sushi no no no wait well
it's growing
we're so crap oh mama B's turns mommy's
turn to a zombie smelly cat smelly cat
what are they feeding you smelly cat
you are my sunshine my only sunshine you
make me happy when skies are equals get
your burger
miss couple of people stop a lobby bean
miss your beloved P Papa miss cuttle fpp
discover a PP ha Kate what that's sushi
let's all take a bite find on the next
play on the next on the next is the
experimented table here of the sushi
who's taking a bite who's taking a bite
quick Oh doesn't get right now just
trying to thanks Angie Oh what like away
we'd run can boys even me I think you
violated
the logon good man young man with my
fellow oh oh good morning good morning
again here
Oh
yeah yo ha ha
yeah y'all
