this is gonna be frustrating Mother's
Day is this weekend and I decided to get
mama B a whole patio set with a flaming
table with flames stuff and I thought
I'd have this weekend to put it together
but the monkeys want to have
marshmallows tonight none of this came
with instructions
instructions what am i just do now then
okay three panels three panels okay okay
three panels CEF ten door panel
huh this is this mrs. an I know what get
it I'm getting you this this is gonna be
frustrating 20 minutes later
we have the boo boo boo boo boo boo boo
boos
please and we still have to put together
600 pieces okay I have no clue what this
thing wants me to do it has the straps
here I guess I did this what's that I
think he doesn't follow the instructions
which bowls are they look at this I mean
look at look at crazy this is get that
one use that one and then here's MV x 16
bolt they look exactly the same
what do they want me to do if I can
actually put it I can have the camera to
focus if I can actually get this thing
to work before the Sun Goes Down it's
gonna be a miracle mr. monkey do you
believe in me yes the tools that they
give you to put this thing together is
absolute torture this guy oh you need
your way to this I feel like one of
those people in those infomercials
when this set is finished I'm gonna live
out here neighbor hi neighbor how are
you he's here to encourage me to finish
you know it's always a bad idea when
they have like more writing than actual
pictures they want me to do what
disassemble the walls and what does that
even need align the holes in four
corners with a hole and assemble of
better than
I will spend three hours putting this
together mama B will be out here for
five minutes before the mosquitos start
eating her and then she's gonna go
inside okay now it's time to pour the
fire glass around the burner this is
fire glass
it's like poke is so it's like a pebble
but like like a decorative like a
decorative good like a Decker pebbles
something all right so there was a
picture somewhere miss monkey there was
a picture that I had you go look for
please yeah it shows you like how to
actually lay out the fire glass it's a
table look at that
oh you does here does I found the
picture I found the picture okay it says
don't do that but do that so so don't
cover the little heating thing so it's
okay it's okay to cover these I don't
know but you can you can't cover this
position oh so now I gotta go with the
propane tank so here were to blog for a
second oh my gosh oh my gosh the bags
bags
it's okay hide okay he just locked the
door me I can't get up hey guys so today
I'm like really really pumped for um
let's let's just sit this down let me
tell you about today on the couch ow
so today was a very cool day first we
woke up we had morning stuff we had some
milk breakfast mom movie made up played
us some all right oh come on
you ruined it what we should move this
table yeah yeah we should you should
have thought of that like to thin relax
I like it define success monkeys monkeys
success success miss monkey great
success miss monkey how does it feel
Oh war looks nice when shopping at the
grocery store wait for some campfire
stuff and like s'more stuff like it
can't buy me I get to the get to the
food so we got marshmallows gigantic
once again and I won't duel my friend
Fannie
boom did it burn burn look how cool this
one looks you could stick like eight
marshmallows on this thing
click the special one I'm using this one
it's not a party without you girls it's
not a party without a blanket Thank You
yo-yo we have a new night club what
we're gonna call this nightclub Drake
he's got nothing journey rate ain't got
nothing on this bottle so our nightclub
is gonna be called club called Club yeah
Club the backyard is complete we have
fire we have marshmallows and we're
ready to eat what about that table over
there you're not finished yeah
