we've been away for a few weeks and we
indulged a little bit and we didn't
really work out the entire time that we
were gone no but you know what it's fine
it's like riding a bike once you get
back on to flick you never even left
visibility is key
so where we go the coaches know where we
are at all times
a lot of the workouts consist of upper
body work so that's one of my favorite
things piece of cake
piece of cake okay
three two one go
there's always an element of surprise in
the gym it's a baby and so our coaches
are very considerate of that and very
understanding where are you God she's a
huge fan of running cardio is such a big
thing for her what about this one oh no
you don't like I hate running stretching
is very important and it's something
that we take pride in the war in the gym
and the most rewarding part of a workout
is being able to look at yourself in the
mirror and see that amazing
transformation we're not
