hey guys hold it back to another episode
of me by myself
yeah and Dad why how's it going guys
today we're gonna be doing something
very special because we know how much
you guys love the squishy videos so I
have blindfolded my daughter here and
colors okay well can you feel squishies
today I'm gonna give you a bunch of
squishies and oh shout out to Kauai
squishy shop I'm gonna leave their links
down below you guys check them out they
hooked us up with a whole bunch of
squishies hey hey your blindfold is up
I'm gonna give her a bunch of squishies
to feel and she has the guess what the
squishy is if it's an animal or a food
but if you actually guess exactly what
it is you'll get a thousand points okay
really and you guys can tell you up at
the end with how many points I had to
let us know in the comments okay are you
ready yes okay I'm gonna give you an
easy one at first hey there's that all
right you tell me what that is oh I know
what this is
is this that rainbow steamed bun it's
like a bun and then it's like sweats
looks like it looks like a dumpling
three two one yeah it was it is a
popular no they're not really popular
but let's kill that's cute okay that was
actually pretty easy was it very
complicated No all right the next one
okay we got this one here umm it's an
ice cream okay Nicole would we feel the
cone and this is the ice cream is that
your final answer yes and how squishy
that ice cream it's so soft on unwrap
your face okay there's this one here
close you know what I have seen this
online and I've always wanted these
because I love these Killingly oh is it
a squishy ukulele no it didn't it
electric-guitar how can you tell the
strings you can feel the little tuner
things I'm so bad with
names this is literally it's a guitar
it's an electric guitar you got it I've
always wanted these oh I want to put
this on my backpack a squishy electric
guitar
congratulations you won that round again
Wow oh my gosh and it's it's all right
is it yes it is is it slow rising dog
squishy all right let's see the slow
resinous very nice are you ready for the
next round yes I am sir hey I know you
guys like the crunchiness look at this
I've actually never seen one like this
before okay what do you think this is
this feels like an ace those aces on
cards mm-hmm I don't know if this is a
solid color or if it's just rainbow does
it really have a lot of detail to it
okay this is definitely the dog food is
it a bird or a fish a fish stingray
stingray what whoa I've never seen this
thing race squishing my life there it is
look at that stingray squishy am I doing
this right kind of no no you need to go
harder go big or go home
Wow next squishy I don't know if this is
the exact same one that you already have
oh I think I know what you okay I'm not
gonna say too much because I don't wanna
give it away this is not a fun not about
oh it's a whale how can you tell it's a
whale Narwhal Oh unicorn whale not a
narwhal it's definitely because I have
Millie and Billy the whale this is
definitely one is it a solid color or
rainbow it is not a solid so it's
rainbow yes it's rainbow there that are
galaxies so it's probably right whoa
whoa it's super slow rising that thing's
not going back wow there's definitely a
whale that is a lot of colors ever
that's super cool huh all right a good
catch I don't think you have something
like this all right here's another one
it looks to me like it's a galaxy
squishy one two three Oh
gosh that was a mill wedding um so I
know what this is is it a deep sea
creature it could be a deep sea creature
we were at the beach and we actually saw
these creatures Oh start page it's a
starfish it's a star okay it's a galaxy
star Wow I don't think it's a starfish I
think it's just a star take a Galaxy
star oh I guess this is a star starfish
is way more skinnier yeah oh yeah it's
like Languedoc oh it's so cute it's got
like a cute little baby face that's slow
rising shape okay this one is definitely
gonna confuse you this one has to be one
of the softest squishies I've ever felt
really yes super shiny super soft shiny
it's very shiny get one shiny what do
you think I know what this is this is a
hard one
okay good this is not this is not just
one thing isn't it like a bunny on a on
a moon this is this is a move but this
what is this let me try to feel it I
can't identify with this animal this
animal this is a loon straight up the
moon okay the moon and the animal have
different textures like this is shiny
more like a like a past plastic feel
this is I feel like it's a mermaid but
it's not this is the Milo colony this is
like the tail Oh hair okay is this a
horse it's a horse
is this a pony could be opponents oh
it's a unicorn wait wait before you say
yes I have to feel for the horn I can't
identify with anything anymore you know
what I think it's one of the cutest
squishies I've ever seen you going
unicorn all right a cute one ah that is
a squishiest thing I've ever felt in my
life
it is so soft Wow the whole room petal
that's using what happens to your
eyeballs wow that is so cute is it so
adorable
squishiness factor number 10 all right
10 is for the station this factor is
that what you do with squishes you just
smash your face with it yes okay are you
ready for the second last wishi
yes I know you almost got it it's this
one right here okay all right this one
should be easy is it going like that
like the legs they're kind of like for
jumping over the moon is it is it leap
it yes leaping this is probably the tail
is this a dinosaur that's the face
that's the nose it isn't the hair that's
a unicorn another you know any unicorns
there's a lot of unicorns very popular
oh this one's also very shiny which
one's cuter
well this one's got sick eyelashes and
it's like a baby it's like so cute it's
like it's like cuddling with the moon
like out of those two unicorns which
one's the cutest this one because the
colors are more brighter and there's no
green and these are some really cute
little colors baby colors okay I'll stop
ranting about my favorite color so who's
not scare there jump-scare look at last
one okay there's no way you're gonna get
this one what if I do there's no way
will you give you a thousand B bucks
I'll give you a tell okay I'll get this
B but wait wait wait you you okay fine
all right there we go okay there's no
way you're gonna get this okay you have
to figure out whether it's an animal or
a food boom right there this is an
animal that is an animal
oh the ears what's this I don't even
think this is an animal like is this
like the nose not saying she wants those
B bucks this is a hat or something cuz
it's the middle of the year might be
hair oh this kind of feel like a like so
these they're here trying to make a like
kind of like
lamb-like lamellar fever cloudy like
cloudy yeah okay and then this is the
body those are the hooves the hooves so
that means these are arms and that these
are the feet this is a lamb is it a lamb
yes three two what yeah it's a lamb the
lamb yeah because look at it's like
chubby little arms like that's honest
that's a straight-up lamb okay guys let
us know in the comments and plus look at
the tail
alright he didn't land yeah look cuz
they try to get like woolly you get the
lamb whoa yes I will give you a thousand
feet bucks oh it's great to business
well look at that guy's okay you know
what I thought it was a bear alright I
owe you a thousand feet but did you get
the mole let us know guys did she get
them all let us know in the comments
congratulations miss Bea miss Bea you
have correctly identified every single
squishy today I think and you won
yourself a thousand B bucks how do you
feel it feel very accomplished and I
feel very happy doing this for you guys
whoa thank you so much for watching guys
thank you to Kauai squishy shop for
hooking us up when you squishies we love
you guys we'll see you again next time
whoops are really hard
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and you get
to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said
it's my radio voice bye
