do you actually know where you're going
are you crazy don't shut your wife a
beautiful day in Atlanta a beautiful day
and now we are here for a morning
interview talking about the road trip
and then we're gonna go to the Weather
Channel and and explore and do some more
awesome things mama be are you ready for
another day of super fun awesome
exploring Tony so fun to be with you mom
so we so fun to be with my baby together
together together together by from the D
family Atlanta so beautiful the weather
so nice it is the sun is shining on it
we're having fun and we're not suffering
suck in that nature guys ha ha
everyone's got this like springtime memo
you got the red going on Oh everyone's
got their floral dresses
mama bees all red legged red is that
pink or red ring like a tangerine
mr. monkeys got is like pink salmon yeah
thank you but you know what just don't
put me behind or in front of a green
screen so you'll be alone again I'll
just be a floating head speaking of
which are you ready to present the
weather we're getting a nice Grand Tour
and in tonight's news we are following
the a/v family that have been challenged
by Kellie Pickler miss monkey take it
away
hello hello there come over here watch
here we have the allergy tracker I have
no idea what they're talking about
but I'm pretty sure it sounds pretty
cool it has this cool spot liner or New
York City yes we have breaking news
what's the breaking news and turn around
and tell you the breaking bowl it's
allergy season the pollen is coming
everyone
brace yourselves and get some cloning
sound ready I have a green shirt on can
I be like a floating head in there do
you think would work what's the weather
like in Omaha kids let's go over here
it's here get your rain coats out in
your umbrellas we have a cold front
coming in from Omaha right over from
Kansas City you have like a tornado that
looks like a child
back to you Bob Bob where you at Bob
this is the Weather Channel people do
not not a Weather Channel V will be
Weather Channel
so how would that mr. cool pants thanks
good very cool scale of 1 to 10 had it
had a field laughing 11 it was super
cool here 1 billion we are literally in
a corner of peach tree and peach tree
monkeys did you know that there are 55
peach tree streets you know that y'all
better tell you again
this is called the Margaret Mitchell
house she's famous for she wrote gone
with mania gone with the wind gone with
the wind
by Margaret Mitchell and this is her
house and this became a very famous
movie I would see the ending words after
all tomorrow is another day
spoiler alert spoiler alert you just
ruined Gone with the Wind for everybody
can you please give us a book review on
Gone with the Wind
it's about tomorrow that after all
smiles
it's actually a great ending thought I
highly suggest you actually read the
whole book
but if you take away one sentence from
this whole book it is no sun will come
out tomorrow'
copyright copyright copyright can you
imagine you're in the 1920s and you're
living in this room you're writing gone
with the wind look at this kitchen
follow me hmm Wow
what does that go to show you don't need
no you don't need a big house because
the most famous personalities you don't
need a huge mansion you don't need a big
stove you just got to know how to cook
and even after she made all that money
from the book from the movie all the
royalties she still lived in an
apartment with her husband she didn't go
out and buy a gigantic house and fancy
cars no you actually remain modest and
and stayed in her tiny apartment
Piedmont Park mr. monkey what vrv is
taking us to Piedmont Park oh nice and
peacock know Piedmont can say Piedmont
he Piedmont Park it's really nice his
huge Park oh yeah
Libby is the one that we threw a pool
party birthday sprite yes and she has
become a sister to me and and to the
kids we are gonna miss you so much yeah
we're gonna miss you at the end of this
here's the Libby's awesome
yeah you guys are the best thumbs up for
living those awesome family
Oh boobies like there's so many awesome
crew with us Libby's awesome
Jamin hashtag j-money Ryan's awesome and
if you guys follow our Facebook live
Magic Mike is here too we call him
handsome Mike some you guys call him hot
Mike and he's right here this Magic Mike
everybody I thought magical Magic Mike
makes sure we're safe and you if you
follow our facebook live you probably
have seen Magic Mike cuz he's a little
shy right now but he opens up he opens
up peace on Magic Mike we'll be right
back peeps from the Weather Channel are
here and they are interviewing us wow
this is a really nice backdrop rillette
be in our vlog I guess okay that if that
is official that's a but you don't need
to sign anything you just said it it's
good so people on Porky's last remark is
the biggest park in Atlanta it's our
crown jewel you think like Central Park
in New York City
wow this is our version of it they call
it Lana the city and a forest but a
third of the city is trees so Wow
and look at that you can see the
buildings in the background for those
people out in America who have not seen
this its trademark celebration of yours
want to show us that works life here I
probably should have warned you yeah
that's a wrap mama B that's a wrap today
we went to the Weather Channel
yeah then we went to Miss Margaret
Margaret Thatcher and then we went to
Margaret Mitchell's house that was
amazing Arthur of conically author of
Gone with the Wind and we spent the day
at Piedmont Park which was also pretty
awesome and we got interviewed by The
Weather Channel yeah that was awesome
good times good times or two or two next
are we like Mississippi Texas Josh
Jackson gonna keep it you gotta give a
clean miss my chattering poli-sci okay
good perfect we can't sing copyright
songs don't shut it down mr. monkey you
ready for Mississippi
yeah hot Mike are you ready for my
system I'm ready for Mississippi yeah
yeah yeah
