next up Chattanooga to nuga nuga baby
oh that's about it for - that's enough
for an Instagram
there she is there she miss mafia gets a
sunscreen off yourself be rvs brought us
to beautiful Chattanooga this is
Coolidge cart mama me and Mama B I'm
issuing you a challenge you know what it
is give you a plank challenge you
haven't been doing yoga in the past few
days so we're gonna do a little plank
challenge and the monkeys are going to
throw stuff at us while we're holding
plank so that's basically the challenge
today hold plank for as long as possible
while the monkeys throw balls at us
that's a good challenge you're going
down mama B you're going down let's get
some sunscreen on
he's very fair mister monkeys going to
play sucker right now oh goody I'm so
bad at soccer I'm pretty sure everybody
was just like yell at me if I was on
their soccer team I try and do so far
mr. monkey sorry you so much jump
get out so you don't lose it alright
that's it for me I'm going to sleep
you
enough of this sentimental cinematic
footage we have let's get down to the
challenge
plank challenge mama vs. Papa we're
gonna hold plank for as long as possible
the monkeys are going to distract us
with balls awesome easy-peasy let's do
this as you can see professional Yogi's
have to take off their shoes to hold
plank and this is what we're gonna do
you ready
there's no timer and quite frankly this
is gonna be an easy challenge for me
because I got I got you talk I got
diamonds of gold right here when you're
scared talking trash is what I'm doing
are you ready for this
well she got her hat back and everything
let's go all right you ready in 3 2 1 go
I get home I can hold fight all day baby
oh not ahead oh don't whip it we're
still your parents
oh no more toys for you can get a kidney
shots so these balls are very they are
very soft
they're very distracting oh oh why are
you hitting me wait you're hitting mama
it's a girl a little tight stomach area
okay the core gonna be so good I like
it's gonna taste real nice
this to me a wall Oh bring your butt up
bring my butt up oh this is not as
easily fun
oh you just got hammered at this point
my wrists are weak O in the spine do you
get lead on me oh are you I can be here
a honky I can do here I'll hold it oh my
gosh don't hit me in the head that's not
gonna be fun Oh
I will replace it with a puppy are you
ready to give up judges own all day
you win with you deserve it you deserve
a Moonpie
oh look at the disbelievers dip it in
the ground and left from holding plank
as much as possible that thought forever
was more like 40 seconds haha so when
you're getting hammered by balls yeah
it's never clean there you go two
minutes 29 seconds two minutes 29
seconds thank you sir thank you to our
good friend Mike here were two minutes
29 seconds Mumbi you are a trooper huh
oh yeah quest
oh that course strong oh that's a strong
core mom of a year trooper as I thought
it would be no it wasn't it wasn't as
easy
no but two and a half minutes that's a
good plane two and a half minutes was a
really good plank I don't know what the
world record is but it much more fun
thank you all thank you very much mom B
I really appreciate them yeah yeah
