don't spread we are off to New York City
whoa this is the first time that the
monkeys have been to New York City so
this is going to be pretty cool for them
to see it so we're going to be there for
a couple of days and then we are off to
I think New Jersey and then through to
Kentucky
so our first office New York City we got
our bags packed my bag was super heavy
so I decided to take out a pair of jeans
to make a little bit lighter so that
should be good
hopefully you'll get the bag that's a
super heavy bag there's mama B right now
oh are you ready to go this is your
first time in New York City - OH
saddle up the wagon monkeys we're going
in New York City she would shake it with
shaking bacons and we finally made it we
are
okay let's make it a long story short
have we missed the first flight by two
minutes we had some minor setbacks today
and had we not miss a degree in sleep
last night at a very easygoing day today
using our minds right now but we are
pretty calm you know we're safe
everybody's okay everything's going to
be okay everything's going to be okay
there was traffic and we didn't plan for
traffic and we gave ourselves an exact
time to get to the airport and we missed
the flight by two minutes
we missed check-in I two minutes so how
important is 120 seconds it is important
enough to miss a flight so first that
happened then we had a trouble geniune
then we had trouble checking it Oh
apparently my jeans are really heavy we
had to move stuff around in our luggages
because one was super heavy because Papa
people were packed like traveling with a
Kardashian we no no listen listen listen
please guys we're going away for two
weeks we're going to be in like Texas
we're gonna be riding horses ionic foot
four pairs if I got five pairs of jeans
for two weeks five pairs of jeans I
think is reasonable
apparently each pair weighs about 35
pounds so lesson number two learned are
we going the right way
f/64 no we're going the wrong way
actually what else can go wrong
aren't you just blocking around right
now because we're actually going the
wrong way
oh my gosh hmmm nothing else can go
wrong okay everything has gone wrong
from the moment we got to the airport no
you know what you know what worked we
made it we made it through everything's
good we're here now we're enjoying some
healthy juice and we're getting some
exercise walking around the terminal
because apparently we haven't been to
the airport enough times this year that
we don't know where we're going you know
what we're good we're safe we're live
we're breathing we're thankful we're
walking we thankful we're walking we're
talking and we're together we're
together and we're happy we're the
monkeys stuff happens okay the monkeys
are over there all right so now we just
go find our gate get situated make sure
we don't miss this flight yeah and next
stop New York City you know okay here's
the bright side we were gonna fly out
earlier to New York City we miss the
flight
but you know what now the family gets to
see a New York City sunset for the first
time ever
there's always a positive there's always
a positive what are you most excited
about no idea the RV
oh the RV yeah it's pretty awesome RV so
we're gonna be in New York and then
we're gonna get onto an RV it's not
working it's no work it's not work for
you see technology needs me and you get
into here they don't want you didn't
want you to get in there and so these
your calluses as you can see the
children got in they got into their
there's great
I don't know I can get to know you
oh okay we're at the kiddie casino here
teaching children that again the 18mm
18mm all you guys gonna go to jail and I
can let you on the plane so this is
basically what we do when we're waiting
for the plane we let the children here
we look at children gamble while we wait
and so again yeah but you know what
though if it's for a bag of chips all
you do is I hope you want a bag of chips
now I was hoping I could show you the
New York sunset but I don't think we're
gonna see it is gonna be dark land but
my first time in New York
first time in New York but you know what
though they have a lot of nice buildings
and I can show you the nice buildings
tomorrow like in the six in the morning
it's gonna be an early day every day for
the next two weeks
all right targeted once again for the
information of house lenders one gives
nice you're in three I'll see you guys
later bye guys enjoy business see you
guys can I sit there ah we're over here
we're over there somewhere we are back
here the ladies got upgraded at first
and that's okay
sometimes you know you get a ticket for
the team from saying and they'll be out
of here real snob
take one take one for the team take one
for the team
Thank You mr. Mikey for clarifying that
so we're gonna take one for the team
transatlantic easy
Oh fancy meeting you guys here oh hi how
are you
how you doing I'm vlogging a plugin how
you doing they just landed in New York
City we've been welcomed by this
beautiful lady are you doing oh I'm
Paulie
how you doing Molly we were tired but
now we're not tired anymore know
yourself each one ticket Elvis let's do
it what do you guys tray of sweets I got
cake can I think what we didn't get
anything I think we got like pretzels
yeah yeah you guys are lucky wanna be
now
okay be careful monkey someone's got my
jeans in it's really heavy
we made it monkeys oh you guys are
already at the treats wow this is a nice
room well we finally made it mommy
you can just rest your pretty head I
will move the luggage around unless you
want to get a workout my Lumbees getting
all organized already she's she's very
organized
I'm very act she's Jack she's been able
to get miss auntie I'm gonna go help Mom
before she strangles me cuz I'm serious
lady you got there that is a massive
look look at the size of that light big
day tomorrow it's the start of our road
trip officially our start of the road
trip and that's it we get to see our RV
tomorrow we get to do some really cool
stuff before we head off to first stop I
think we're to go to New Jersey first
and then we're gonna go to Kentucky so
stay tuned for that it's gonna be crazy
welcome to New York baby smooth move
your to the abies making noise next to
us we don't have music here
don't spray all of it New York New York
yeah y'all
