mommy's got her cardio get it get that
cardio mama P oh yeah oh yeah there's
some cardio going on over here
miss monkeys got her cardio going on it
is a happy happy day
get it mama get her mama get it mama get
him up boop boop how you know mama B but
you get it oh snap
go mama me go mommy
work it work it mama be working mommy
Morgan
oh man you guys are just you guys are
going hard mr. monkey how's your workout
going good
what are you playing but you were doing
some pull-ups before I was doing
pull-ups in roblox here's the proof as
you can see from the old snapchat
Mikey was doing some pull-ups before
there's mama B hello getting us from
point A to point B the fastest way
possible
haha safely and on time they flee and on
time the gang is back what's up gang
perfect timing cuz we're going on a road
trip tomorrow New York to Austin it's
gonna be a crazy road ok Austin Texas
baby huh it's gonna be crazy honey
oh yeah give her a little bit of food
enjoy all right look
give her some chicken and some rice and
she's ready to go man what were you mr.
monkey how you go mr. monkey gets very
sleepy when he eats and miss monkey gets
all crazy when she eats the girls are
going to the spa today they're gonna get
all dolled up for the road trip and the
boys are gonna go get some fresh cuts
fresh cuts there there there say
something no work
they speak something
is we talking to God everyone says you
look like Ben Affleck look a little Ben
Affleck I don't know you get a fresh cut
yeah and you got a lollipop for yourself
and one for your sister that's a good
big brother mr. monkey how was the spa
meet you meet amazing whoa look at those
nails Anna Pete I like it Oh the thing
that's cool the thing I hated much is
the finger they put the thing on me oh
yeah when a cuticle oh yeah but you got
your you got your nails Wow
miss monkey very nice girly pop Oh a
nice lollipop remove lemon play the mr.
monkey oh that's very nice see he's a
sweet brother after all right very nice
yeah sweet brother luggage luggage
luggage luggage luggage luggage stuff
getting ready for the road trip
everybody's got their own luggage school
where do they go to school yes they go
to school when they usually go on trips
it's usually for one or two days this
time it's a two-week road trip so we
were working with the teachers and they
have tutors and they have a lots and
lots and lots and lots of work to do you
have a lot of homework so my teacher
gave me an envelope full of homework she
gave you an envelope full of homework
because she said I can't fit it on my
building so I have to like put it in a
giant manila envelope oh yeah so there
will definitely be a lot of work and
we'll be working with the monkeys and
I'll have tutors and we just want to
make sure that they're caught up
obviously schools a priority so we never
want to miss that disaster has been
averted
let me get into this story it's my
mother-in-law's birthday this weekend
mama B's mother of course of Willoughby
and we decided to treat them to a spa
day my father-in-law and my lovely
mother-in-law we booked a really nice
spa but there was a little bit of
confusion and it made us very nervous
because we were out today and mama B was
ready to kill someone
and she it's a good thing no but he died
because everything is ok now but what
was scary was we were out we get a bunch
of missed calls from from the away loss
your phone had missed calls I had missed
calls so we're really nervous something
got messed up but at the end everybody
lived everything everything worked out I
don't want to show your underwear there
mama B how you doing you're good
ok mama B don't want to hurt nobody now
no she she had a little bit of Rage
because the booking got a little messed
up but everything is ok now we're all
good so now we're packing for the road
trip yes and I have look at all my
shirts mama B's do I think maybe I have
too many shirts no those are long she's
like no no I'm gonna put t-shirts too
oh these are like long sleeves like some
of them are like golf shirts some of
them are like long sleeves so we're
traveling to the south east
was it the southeast us we're going
through the southeast us so we are
starting in New York we're going through
Kentucky through Tennessee through
Georgia we're going all over going to
Dallas Texas right and we're gonna end
up in Austin Texas it's gonna be a crazy
road trip and we're gonna take you guys
with us of course so it's two weeks on
the road mommy's picking out her clothes
right now she's got the fresh fingers
the fresh feet oh my goodness mama B got
some beautiful toes look at those
fingers we showed his monkeys fingers
those look very nice
Road Trip ready it's funny I get these
fiery red nails getting ready to rip
somebody today but everything is open
everything is okay now
let me
to
mama P has officially called a dance-off
oh this is going to be crazy I got to
get my dance-off hat on it's one of
those days it's one of those dance-off
days oh we got ourselves a dance-off
miss monkey has challenged mama B to a
dance-off get sherbert Unni Moody but to
me pooty up the stairs because it's
gonna be a dance-off between the ladies
are you ready o Christmas tree how you
doing you're never coming down so stay
cozy stay comfy the last time they had a
dance-off mama B took her down but miss
monkey did not agree with the judge's
decision so we are going to have a mama
Lee was the judge it's probably why she
won
yo you guys in your your spa feet
smudging the fresh hardwood floor we
clean this hardwood floor today this
monkey you guys are all smudging and
smudging it up
what do you mean the hat is not made for
doing that ow aah doing this that's it
he keeps doing yeah cuz that's why I
want to wear my hat like that no I look
like a stingray
oh not eight years old I just want to
with it
there's no way I'm wearing a hat like
this miss monkey it's how it's supposed
to that's not how it's supposed to go my
nose is itchy that's because you got so
much hair no we know what rank email we
take a comma that's not good cuz it's
not focus it's not focusing we I worked
out today ah you can't take it up
there's no way you can take this hat off
try to take this hat off try to take it
off go you can't use your head no I can
move my head I just can't touch it
there's no way you can take my head off
no no but you can't do it there's no way
you can't think right huh I can move my
back I can move my head there's no way
okay you can't punch me you can't take
me you just have to know you just have
to try to take it off let's go can you
know two cats I won't let you I'm wait
limber oh mama bees ready for the death
mama bees already got like eight points
on this one mr. monkey you just made it
in time for the dance-off the girls are
gonna have a dance-off the reigning
champion of the dance-off the boys are
gonna be the judges okay
this is it you will be styled no you
will be judged you will be judged yeah
chill chill you will be judged on your
style and grace
um you may not have to you know how to
dance all right who you thinks gonna win
um I'm not gonna I'm not gonna say I'm
not gonna say ah Oh miss monkey look at
the stretches mama B's got here she's
got the stretches down
me but let me start again oh no no no
what you gonna say
no-no-no
what it is like
who do you think won that dance battle I
make it a little heat from MonaVie
because I think miss monkey was better
there's no loser in this household I
think both these ladies are winners it's
just for fun it's just for fun unless
it's for money no it's just for fun it's
just for fun yeah let us know in the
comments who anything won that dance
style I will I promise miss monkey I
will put that in the video guys you guys
are gonna dance you guys gonna pack for
this road trip ah we have a road trip
tomorrow tomorrow we have a boy well
first we have to dance we got a lot of
packing to do lots of time we can dance
first I think we're gonna have to pack
my game we'll see you guys on the road
we love you
