previously on the a B family stay
hydrated little monkey stay hydrated how
you doing everybody day one boys day
boys week boys week family a week the
ladies aren't gone for too long boys
like boys half week boys boys boys time
boys time the ladies are away we'll be
back in a couple of days we got the face
time with them today oh oh they're in a
secret location and we will definitely
let you know where they went
and what they did very soon we promise
and as you can see Papa cooked I did not
cook we had schwannomas with chicken
chars what were they helping were they
tasty yes that's all that matters mr.
monkey everything went very smoothly
today sort of except for we had a
dentist appointment and I took you to
the wrong dentist oh yeah two dentists
my orthodontist and my regular dentist
so I took it to orthodontist because I
assumed and when you assume you
shouldn't assume we ended up coming back
and luckily I realized that you have a
dentist also and we went there and
everything is good now we're good we're
good and thanks to you we are going to
do a gaming video today yeah so let's do
it
you're gonna teach me how to play roblox
I've never played roblox in my life
give me some game thank you uh.what
aboard all right let's go all right I
have my mouse and my computer mr. monkey
has his computer and we're gonna play
some roblox roblox Thank You sounds like
a like a back pain medication you are in
the world of roadblock okay
and Who am I you are pop is that me yes
right looky here fresh okay that's me
right there with the sunglasses yeah
okay awesome
can we what do we do in this game what
are they like Lego Death what is you to
do I blew a whistle okay awesome
already super interesting let's go do
something fun okay you look
you look up you will see this huge
Narwhal head that is a unicorn
thank you very much now who is this guy
that's okay so hi why can I punch up see
we can L may punch him hi what do I get
that's me guys that's me right there
with the sunglasses you can you see the
slides and swim just don't just don't
swim for two let's go play come on let's
do this come on I agreed nobody wants to
read let's go kid is this a water park
yeah alright water park is that you nice
shirt d-does I hope you don't get sued
for that alright let's go what is that a
noodle come on let's go why when the
ground how it is I'm following you right
now yo if they making me slide down and
walk all the way are we reading again
let's go we've been reading for the past
10 minutes of play
who are these people what is going on
here not like pac-man at all why are you
jumping okay let's go nice a waterpark
oh where am I always sideways oh yeah oh
please you guys are ass I'm so dizzy how
do I get out of the pool you press
spacebar spacebar spacebar spacebar okay
yeah okay next game battle so far we've
hit a water park my guy was funky
sunglasses and my son apparently likes
tie-dye shirts
it was a kid thing that you told me that
we can all make a game let's be a king
play why are you telling me I can be a
king and there's like 17 different mega
Kate games
all right we're making a cake okay show
me how to make a cake this is gonna be
our cake what do you want to name it I
want to make the Abby I want to make a
bumblebee cake good luck with that
okay can we make just any cake sorta
so roblox is like a world yeah okay
looks like 50,000 words look at our gig
I don't even I've even start a cake what
cake did you make I'm gonna kick no this
is just so batter
you're like our cake that's nice what is
that is it it's a whistle okay I'm just
gonna watch you make a cake who's this
going to roblox chirp where are you now
all right here we're what are you making
okay follow me okay I am following him
our cake is just our cake it looks like
grass it looks like a marble what are
you making a countertop what is that
somebody stole our key what just
wondering he just did there Kate which
guy oh now I'm cooking understand this
give me if I don't understand so you're
a cake now why are you okay cuz I just
became a cake I accidentally went in not
now I'm better can I be better yeah come
on just yo thin cake yet yeah don't move
where are you I'm being made a cake
there turn you into a cake
yeah whoa you have a cake too
we're both cakes let's go do some ring
sting all right we're cakes now that's
going for help what's this someone come
in Freya I don't want to follow you in
the inferno this is not fun what's
happening Oh Jordan what am i where am I
you're irritating I'm burnt yeah your
bird - OH
- bird cakes is walking around like a
boss look I'm in the oven of Eid yeah
that's nice I don't have enough money
for the VIP I take it in I can't get
into the VIP I'm waiting outside
Thanks how did you get robux anyways
you're a job okay I'm going in the noobs
now you wanna go let's go what's the new
mell in here all right I'm going in -
what is this what is happening we're
we're being we're being digested roblox
did not make this game did they what did
you you just got digested and now you
what is thing we're doing I'm like look
at you you I falling apart I'm just like
I'm just a flaming piece of okay this
one's called natural disaster survival
we've made a cake we're all here we are
the survivors we are the survivors okay
what are we supposed to do to survive uh
yeah we have to survive the disaster
okay we're in sir said okay sir central
I see uh I'm gonna look for the dude
with the tie-dye shirt okay you're
walking over there I'm coming to you go
to the tub why is everyone hopping so
what are we supposed to do with this
yeah go on come up here I thought this
is a survival game what are we buying
sir for no we're not
surfboard surfboard now let's look at
the natural disaster all disasters
happening hi so we just wait for natural
disaster basically this is boring man no
look disaster warning - joy
thunderstorms that's not a disaster yes
it is no a disaster is like tsunami of
laughing ruining the whole place
what you don't supposed to do that Oh oh
my goodness can I buy a surfboard - yeah
they're for display only okay so now we
just hang out here for like an hour is
this what you do no I'm gonna go play
roblox sure son
what does that mean I just means I'm
gonna go hang out at the surf shop for
an hour let's go oh no everyone's dying
around me Rick I'm still like let's get
alive but I'm barely breathing you know
what this reminds me of Toy Story when
all those little like aliens were like
back long dock lon you guys are all just
like going up together
oh there's meteors coming down man
gotta go we gotta go okay you're taking
off on me man stop selling me out
I'm coming then there's a meteor shower
and you took off on me cuz I did you're
talking up on your own jet out of my way
lady
oh she's saying you know what she's
smart she's smart
because during an earthquake or a meteor
shower you have to stay in in the
doorway the doorway is the strongest
page KITT can we move out of the way I'm
gonna stay with her because she's smart
I'm staying in the doorway no I'm not
gonna get away I am NOT getting out of
the way this is the strongest place in
survival no oh survivor who's probably
survived there you have it mr. monkey
thank you very much for showing me
roblox I hope you guys enjoyed that I
enjoyed it I was super fun so thanks
again you guys wanted us to do a gaming
video maybe we'll do another one another
time soon maybe we'll do some challenges
I know a lot of people have asked for
challenges so let's see it monkey thank
you for teaching me roblox no problem
alright I'm gonna go put ice on my hand
because it's all cramped now from doing
this holding on to the keys I was like
yeah yeah
