one luggage one love one heart let's get
together and feel all right for you I
made this picture for you another fast
oh you're the best
oh he's very good thank you so much I'm
so hungry
oh mama B just came back from yoga but
it's time to go workout
so let's get dressed and go work anyways
your head put your head get dressed I'm
dressed you dressed you ready to go
alright oh my god
Oh jack Oh Oh this song gets you pumped
it's been all and many of you have asked
us how do we stay in shape so today
we're going to take you to our gym and
we're gonna go through a workout and
every day it's a different workout so
today it's gonna be a crazy one mommy
the silence this is where all the magic
happens
here's today's workout it's war time so
basically whenever you finish that's
when you're going to count your time
we're doing 50 pull-ups
so mommy she does jumping pull-ups
wishes she's a transition she
yeah but I want to show a job
my energy so that was a jumping pull-up
so mama B you have to do 50 of those
we got the kettlebell swings 40
kettlebell swings and I'll show you what
that is
30 through stirs 20 kettlebell swings
and 10 muscle ups that's a crazy workout
I can only do one of these muscle ups
how you did it
so Bryn's gonna help us she's pretty
serious when she exercise she was crazy
stuff and she's gonna help us film today
today's workout looks pretty intense
yeah it says 10 muscle X I have to
figure out what I'm gonna do instead of
those 10 muscle ups or maybe a bar
muscle-up oh yeah I could try a bar
muscle-up there we go okay
this is mama B she's rolling out what
you rolling out mama B she's got sore
back
yes molest yes
hey guys you know Brandon you seen him
before are they going it's world world
famous perfect so Brandon is gonna show
us what a muscle-up actually looks like
cuz I can't do one when someone's
actually filming me I only do what no
one's watching hit
that is what a muscle-up actually looks
like that is awesome
that's just a warm-up getting started
these guys know what they're doing this
get very strong if you tell
here comes mommy she's be small right
besides thanks for driving mommy no
problemo I'll hold the camera while you
drive okay teamwork
my hands are jello that's what we do we
try to go five times a week sometimes
two times a week and if we're on the
road we're doing burpees and push-ups in
the hotel room we're trying as much as
possible and honestly it's just it's all
about getting fit it's all about
sweating getting your heart rate up
finding a workout that works for you and
necessarily have to go to a place we
can't afford it yeah you can do work
isn't which is what we do in our hotel
room we travel we do burpees push-ups
squats sit ups sit ups if we can go to
me even one person from this video just
start to change your life change your
lifestyle start moving get healthy
please tell us in the comments yeah we
would love to you that would be awesome
and forget about the sugary juices and
the sodas just drinking lots of water
and that's that's how we've been doing
it we cut out a lot of sugar in our
lives and we decided to exercise so I
hope we could show you what we do as
much as possible and and let us know in
the comments if you want us to take you
to more workouts with us because we do a
lot well we try to do it a lot keep
laughing and live your best life live
your best life and let's go eat a
cheeseburger now mom oh the ladies are
leaving miss monkey are you gonna miss
my snuggle snuggle snuggle snuggles okay
okay you're gonna miss my cuddles your
socks they're very cute are you ticklish
you're not
are you sure are you double-dog sure yes
go eventually they all crap are you
gonna miss me lady number two for
something to miss you I am making a
giant cracker with peanut butter and
honey
whoa the best snack ever just tell you
over before you jump on the plane that's
right we're all exercised out and the
girls are ready to go and as I mentioned
before we can't say where they're going
not yet not yet but I guess in a wall-e
soon we'll let you know when or where
they went this is all about what they
did what this is all about we can't say
anything about it all I can say the
girls are going away to jump in on a
plane they'll be back in a few days and
mr. monkey and I are going to be left
here to fend for ourselves
long division range it divide multiply
subtract bring down goodbye
multiply subtract bring down did by most
parts contracting boom all Asia close
subtract multiply by all the way while
they travel off to a far distance for a
couple of days mr. monkey is gonna have
to do a little bit long division my
friends in school a little but you gotta
go for being I'd rather be in Europe
you'd rather be away she loves you ah
all right guys
pack it up it's time to get to the
airport
one luggage one love one heart let's get
together and be all right
singing one huh let's get together hand
all right come on luggage
oh oh oh stop the whole Elmo stuff the
cameras got the camera all right you're
all checked in we're on time make sure
you vlog a lot of things mama B I'm not
gonna be there pictures take lots of
pictures everything take pictures of
everything take pictures and film
everything no matter what just in case
right now we're just walking in the
airport and we're very excited
oh never mind you alright we're gonna
take care of the house by monkeys we
love you mwah all right monkey you got
me for a few days what you want to do
let's party let's dance let's eat chips
what's what yeah y'all
