I know you're not feeling very good so I
made you a team I'll be what you want me
to put it oh wow you read a lot of books
mom B looks like you're the smart one
someone needs to read book I read books
look I'll show you
look I read books see I read books so
mama be a mr. monkey are not feeling
very well today and I am taking care of
both of them and Mama B I have I have
something that came in the mail that's
gonna make you feel better know the
power of music anyways
mr. monkey come I'm unboxing we like to
dance we have family dance parties so I
decided to deck out the house with
speakers so I'm going to hook up
wireless speakers all over the house
because every time mama bees in the
kitchen she is dancing to music every
time
mama beads upstairs fixing her hair or
doing makeup she's dancing every time
mr. monkey is downstairs
he's dancing miss monkey when she's in a
room she's dancing and we're all dancing
so it's a big dance party and I don't
want to poke holes in the wall so I
decided to hook up wireless speakers and
I ordered a bunch of these wireless
speakers and we're gonna do it up you
good yeah awesome
okay mr. monkey where should we put
these speakers uh everywhere else
I guess if you can just like if you want
to please read the agreement blah blah
blah
no thanks ready all right let's go the
big speaker is gonna go over here
apparently you just have to like plug
these in and like turn on your phone
okay for very nice I should probably
read the instructions but I'm not going
to because I don't read instructions
instructions trust me out mr. monkey how
you doing so far so good I've unboxed
the speaker and I plugged it in oh hey
no monkey
okay that's plugged in let's go add
another player alright we're going to
hook this one up can't wait to peel
these things still let's go on to the
next speaker so the first important
place was the TV room family / whatever
family room movie room the next
important place is the back or the
washroom or the restroom or the powder
room whatever anybody calls it that's
what it so there's no plug in this
washroom so I'm gonna put it outside
over here in a better spot okay I got it
we're gonna have to make some changes
but we're gonna put it up on top of here
press and release still waiting oh it's
ready add another player or you want to
put the third speaker my movie do you
want to put it in the dining room or do
you want to put it one in the basement
oh that means she wants one in the
dining room
hello Christmas tree that's never coming
down if this works we're going to have
music on every floor the house
controlled by our phone and my next step
is to teach mama B to use this once I
figure out how to use this
I think Mama's going to like this
all right I got a plane here
success success
success
mama B we got music all over the house
now mama B music in every room of the
house mama B how do I use this you have
to use an app and come on see you know
mama B you have a calm and quiet room
then baby is this like that book that
you're reading yeah I basically just
turned this room into a spa rest mama B
rest you have lots of traveling to do
next week and the week after and the
week after so what's your book about
it's about finding peace and being in a
state of consciousness and enlightenment
and being free of your thoughts and
finding happiness oh ah I see you've
done good things with that bucks well
you're feeling much better mr. monkey
yes so you're going back to school
tomorrow yeah
you going back to school tomorrow how
was your day good
we have music in every room now in the
house even in my room well no oh so do
you have music in your room no I don't
have music another angel you can put
music in the dining room and right now
there's music anything Justin Bieber
this is not a hit nobody knows this song
can do Adele Adele yeah oh yeah
miss monkey you can play music here and
then mama can have relaxing music
upstairs and you guys can have like
disco music downstairs ms monkey you
want to dance let's dance
I'd am from 19 - yeah y'all
