we are back and we know how much you
guys love for nights and then what you
guys love pancakes so guess what we're
doing the fortnight pancake our
challenge I can't see that I can't dad I
can't yeah boy what else can't they do
it can't floss I can floss oh no no you
can't you guys know the rules I'm gonna
show them a fortnight picture they're
gonna have to make a pancake art of it a
pancake pancake from the pancake list
and if you guys let us know in the
comments who wins each round are you
guys ready yeah the first design my
family millions of dollars oh we got the
V V buck classicness oh this is a good
color the different designs are going to
consist of these colors that you have in
front of you now we make this part two
very nice style is very similar styles I
must say start with the V I'm just about
ready to finish my feet
looks like the V bucks stop here with
mr. bean what hey that looks pretty good
very nice how's that taste mr. B
fantabulous not really flooded in order
to get that v bucks look wow wow that's
really good oh you guys at home better
let us know who wins who wins this round
it's a challenge let me know who she's
very quiet she's very focused
that's her of pancake art face but that
is a very nice pancake art face
oh no it's leaking what are you gonna do
okay
flippety-flip when I was putting the
colors sometimes the cars go if it's
five and if I make a little bit of rippy
they're so gross time to reveal Gordy
bucks isn't the other side nicer than
that side you know this side is nicer no
that side is okay but what about what
about you gave it don't eat yours yet
you got to compare it
there is Miss Bea with her V bucks you
see and then here's mr. B with his art
that was already chewed on let us know
in the comments who won that round next
round are you ready for this yes alright
we're going with the classic
all right guys teach me how to chuggy
all right no teach me how to dougie
teach me teach me how to stop chugs all
day I love chug chug his name I've had a
few chug jugs in my day I'm doing like a
black like lion you're like tape I think
they're tape so I'm just like I'm doing
the tape right now and then the insides
like to chop the juice inside it's like
hombre
what is the hombre um breeze when it
goes from one color to another color do
you mind if I use that black this flips
so what's about looking too bad at all
Wow why is really tiny man that's a tiny
chug chug
wow you're going for the mini size yes
oh my what it looks so bad how do I make
it better you make it
thanks sister I have a chug chug video I
do you have a chug chug I have a chug
chug we're ready for the flippety-flip
Oh
what hmm spicy flip looks like a water
bottle in the center
oh yeah do you guys want to see it yeah
yeah whoa that's a tough job guys
goodness where did you get this the
Internet you can get anything on the
Internet
it smells like paint but yeah look at
that chug chug did you make it
no I ordered it if you guys don't know
what a chug chug is it kind of sounds
like this are you guys ready to reveal
your chug jugs in three two one oh okay
somebody's chug chug is a little bit
bigger than the others yes it looks like
a water bottle mine looks like a mini we
have ourselves it looks like a mini chug
chug like a mini Shield jug I did a very
traditional chug chug are you allowed to
be using the pancake batter as paint is
that even allowed for a pancake art
challenge yeah all right let us know who
wouldn't the chug chug round I don't
think I have a chance I ended up making
a mini all right now sir oh you're
laughing like the guy from Napoleon
please what is the next item that we
have to create the next item is that
book
all right well you sort the pub yeah -
probably should like start Nina very
good makes really to me keep it I'm
gonna start by making the like the bomb
yeah that's a good way to start
very interesting style at you do would
you like to start with the colors might
looks terrible at lunch today
who made your lunch my mom alright one
monkey is starting with the outer limits
of the boogie bomb and the other monkey
is starting with the inner limits of the
boogie blade you need to stop boy oh
just like I planned ladies and gentlemen
really just like I planned
sweet we got to add the little hooky
thingy that makes the boogie bump go boy
I just dug this thing raining ok while
they're doing this do you guys want to
see a real wookie bomb you have so many
real things it sound like Dora
okay you guys check this out Oh
check out mr. B's Channel he had a
little boogie bomb review so yeah Wow
Wow
how are you so good at this like an airy
there are we ready to go not yet nope
okay guys it's time to reveal your
boogie bombs in three two one
Wow Wow so good what I learned in my
pancake making is that you can't go like
squeezed a lot you better let it fall
out so you can make like a thin line and
then fill it in very lightly a nice
little hook here the holder I don't know
how to use a grenade so for and then you
have the boogie the boogie area which
makes you buggie buggie down my little
buddies
think we need on my little baby bunny
buggy for me raisa looks pretty terrible
because I still don't know how to make
the prep of pancake but that's okay it
still looks a little bit like a boogie
bum I'm there it is boogie bar pancakes
let us know in the comments down below
who won that round was it miss B
obviously or mr. B I'm not having this
whole okay guys here it is I want you to
make the famous llama good luck with the
loot llama This Is It this is the final
round this is for all the marbles
Oh their focus now this feline strategy
and working here man
wow that looks scary spooky scary
skeletons send shivers down your spine
that's looking pretty good both your
llamas are looking great I disagree with
that I think
Wow multitasking cool so much focus wow
this looks terrible
wow that looks really good
okay ready mine looks like like a donkey
to rebirth it looks cute man looks like
it's got like a sweater like a llama
sweater oh this is cute oh I couldn't I
think I definitely want this whole thing
yeah I think you're right is it a looot
llama or is it a cute llama oh are you
guys ready to reveal your loot llamas
yes
okay guys for this final round please
reveal your loot llamas yay
no okay hit one coke all right our our
pain oh so these are our pancake Lemieux
Lamas and I I'm a like a cute little
baby one I guess that is a good-looking
cute Luke llama
miss Bea and mr. B he got his mama the
dinosaur Oh to watching this monster
Loch Ness monster
I said watch this my entire like all
right we got this Luke llama here it's
got a nice sweater
I like his I like it's for the bubbly
fur thank you okay guys there it is the
four night pancake art challenge let us
know in the comments down below who won
each round and who is the ultimate
winner of this challenge
let us know in the comments down below
if you want to see any other pancake art
or any other video give it a thumbs up
if you liked this video share it tell
all your friends check out mr. B's
channel he does a whole bunch of
fortnight's stuff and does a whole bunch
of unboxings and music and baking and
crazy stuff so I'm gonna link it over
here I never know where it is what its
gonna pop up okay guys thanks for
watching we love you we'll see you again
next time and now I'm just gonna check
out this cute cute little llama como se
llama - llama stop thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little thing
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice bye
