let's see mama be easy we're back to
normal what is normal what is what is
normal let's go say normal
Kiska say the monkeys are back in school
hold the monkeys had a day off yesterday
there was no school and it was no school
on Friday so they technically only
missed one day of school technically
gennadiy because the school buses are
canceled technically they miss only one
day of school during this whole trip so
how do we make ourselves that's how we
make ourselves feel better but yeah they
do whenever we travel they only really
miss one or two days max at a time and
and we really try to focus on travel
during the summer when the kids are off
school and now mama B is back
buh-buh-bear kuku good boy back back
back
with my bar oh you got your bar yeah I'm
addicted to these yeah those macro bars
are awesome those are nice I like a
peanut butter trunk with that go macro
companies we don't this is not a
sponsorship but it's not a sponsorship
we spend a lot of money on these yeah we
buy these oh go macro if you want to
send us some yeah oh look at the
logistics back the luggage is we got
yeah some some skateboards here thanks
again Jase boards hooked us up we got
like the luggage was full of skateboards
Dola guys as they say on the airplane
when they're talking about the safety
put on your mask before you help other
people yes so I'm gonna go put on my
mask by going to yoga yeah
go put on that yoga mask mama B even if
you waiting for me so this is a big part
well you know what while you're away I'm
gonna try to help Mom I try to like
that's okay take apart some stuff back
to meetings I have some calls
responsibilities have some work work
school work meetings knowledge we have
to write some new some new ideas we have
some fun ideas coming Oh
any-any monkeys ever like to go back to
school after like a long weekend
no but but take care responsibility keep
working hard and wake up every single
day and do what you have to do I was a
student and I had zero money mm-hmm and
so I had three bucks and I'm like I'm so
hungry so I went I remember used to go
to Burger King and I didn't have enough
money for fries so just have a hamburger
with water and it was the best hamburger
perhaps because when you have no money
you really appreciate it I really do
appreciate it you know what even when
you have money you appreciate everything
yeah just got to work hard and
appreciate everything that's the lesson
learned from coming back to whatever
normal is if we post this this will be
five days in a row five a be family
videos in a row I don't know what we're
going with this but I know that this
week coming up there is an awesome
challenge video that's that's gonna be
posted and that is gonna be awesome I'm
probably gonna put together another
compilation video I don't think I ever
put together
there was like a miss monkey doesn't
like that singing compilation I'm gonna
do that as well I'm gonna post that um
I'll just keep posting things I'll just
keep you know and you let us know in the
comments if there's certain things that
you want us to do or see do you like us
posting every day I don't know if we're
gonna be posting every day I don't know
if I can make that kind of commitment
but when we can if we can we will um
what you mean if we can pop up be ah
well you know if it's like we want to
make sure that we're work come on man we
want to make sure that we're the people
with thing well the people what they
want the power of now is that what
you're reading now this was given to me
by my very special friend coolant from
the Shaytards
whoa we had been talking about this book
and she gave it to me and it's so
special I can't wait to start reading it
we had a lot in common Cola and I and so
I can't wait to read it and talk to her
about it and yeah I'm on this thing of
reading a lot of books sweet making
myself a better human being
oh you're you're you're a pretty darn
good human being mama be mama be mama be
is a good human being mama be mama be is
a good human you're a good human you're
one of those good humans my mommy hey if
you ever feel like your house is getting
small and you think you need a bigger
house go stay in a hotel for a week and
then you come back in your house feels
like a mansion yeah
home sweet home guys home sweet home
good morning hello I can you're back
from school monkeys hi how would you be
I summer the screen we have you at
recess
yeah but school is nice I had gym and I
played I'm tech tech so oh that's nice
and I don't have any homework either no
what are you guys back to normal yeah
I'm trying we're just gonna finish it it
get a nice day today miss my king yeah I
like your earmuffs thank you yeah chill
em up the Easter Bunny came to our hotel
oh we worked out like crazy today we're
just rying to get back into the swing of
things well no this is like another
shirt but you wait view test test to see
how much sweat I have on my shirt yeah
sure
I got the muffins yo I feel nice and
warm with these muffins I'm also gonna
bring things are gonna rain ain't
getting me now miss ball game when you
put your face in the center you're gonna
smoke show your brother's diorama Hey
hey Santa can focus boy toy they have a
cold heart hard basically it's a
chainsaw cutting through fear here's the
chainsaw that's cutting into the Train
the chainsaw cut the bus in half so this
lady jumped out of the bus and then this
guy is uh this guy can't believe what
can't believe and then this guy is
hanging from actually sausage shot who
is it
this face what what kind of dunya rim is
that uh it's called top art ah ah focus
and the chains from the chainsaw are
cutting into the car which means it's on
fire and then this lady right here
jumped out from the car so that she
could live and then this cat right there
is just being an awesome cat and living
life well on that note monkey I hope you
had a great day at school there it is on
that note I hope you had a great day at
school mr. monkey do you want any snacks
miss monkey money snacks we got sushi we
got lettuce
we got samosas we got hairs we got red
peppers we got chicken you want some
sushi y'all all right we'll weed that
sushi
it's a sushi amok see no point I'm
pretty just on my hands that's sushi
unboxing so then what you're going to do
is there's a sticker that goes over it
for me and so you're gonna these are
called California rolls as you can see
right here I know what you're gonna do
this tip will be posting more things
this week and well miss monkey sits
there and peels everything off stay
tuned for some more crazy stuff this
week and then what you're gonna do slip
aside and it's pretty cool she's not
gonna stop talking she'll be here all
day
it's going to go like this and then
we're going to put oh that's heavy or
not heavy that's hard to open let me
rephrase that for you viewers seriously
we you know if you know how to open it
monkeys getting some after-school
entertainment here this is the ritual of
monkeys come home do some schoolwork
have a snack catch up with the videos
monkeys do you know what we haven't done
in a few days
dance party
yeah y'all uh-huh yeah y'all
