baby monkey in the skateboard that goes
Papa monkey baby monkey on the
skateboard papa monkey baby monkey comes
to mr. monkey the Easter Bunny came what
do you think I me - maybe - bunny came
from mr. Martin it's gonna be from mr.
monkey bring it in miss monkey bring it
in we're gonna miss the food now you're
getting cold again gold gold gold gold
gold a mess up over there no you're not
looking for socks at Easter basket it's
not the Easter song happy happy Easter
socks everybody's Easter maybe Texas
you're literally the sheets are always
chapped understand many things no oh
there goes followed by a train of
children thank you give me an excited
shake the silhouette of an excited man
about having GC letters happy Easter mr.
monkey mr. dance always have to clap
prayer yeah yeah we clap we clap for
Easter bunnies and when the plane lands
got resurrected
we got resurrected yes and the end of
them a good movie I couldn't really yeah
oh and when when we see a nice scene
when we see some nice scenery front-flip
where's it go hey where you going huh
it's crazy
fire Martin what's up chachi hello you
look at here from the 1950s that's a
nice jacket you got there
thank you that's very cute are you
crafting your memoirs what's that your
memoirs
she said the deal was Wow boobs cover
dear - come on more he's on phone will
you some phone call Papa limo see man
Wow
she speaks Italian - as you can see cool
oh okay cool with that you see it up
IBM oh man Jackie I'm cheering hmm
yesterday we ate Chinese and enchain
I don't you are in Chinese good morning
guys happy Easter happy Easter we're
celebrating Easter happy Easter if you
are not yes
happy Sunday happy Sunday thanks okay I
know does it ever happen to you ladies
mama B you try to put your earrings on
women problems easier to be a min if I'm
not gonna argue it I'm not gonna say it
I'm not gonna go there
I'm not even to go there it is much
easier being a man okay check out this
view guys this is the morning view that
didn't do any justice I'm gonna have to
put some like some music and I'm gonna
have to do something like really really
awesome
that's a mighty nice view monkeys is
this not the fanciest hotel you've ever
been to in your entire life
it's fancied me hopefully those flowers
we're looking for a special room because
we're all going to celebrate Eastern
have a nice Easter brunch and it's a
huge hotel we're clearly lost I've no
idea where we're going guys Precious
Moments
we just had a baby we just had a baby
right now there's so many kids here that
we just decided to have a baby so here
we go guys there cannot be a baby within
a ten-mile radius that I don't pick up
and I need I need to ask for permission
and he's asked for permission to smell
the baby's head because really a baby's
head at a little bit
can I smell your baby's smelling me can
I split time I second that youth it's
all you bro thank you okay no more
smelling the baby's head whoa sorry guys
hola we're having such a great time here
thank you to the Shane's family and the
whole Kristen family portable on the
Shaytards
thank you to all
they're family what a family what a
model of what a family should be working
together unity unity and working things
out
happiness and I our little bundle of joy
here's get a little restless that's
gonna be the greatest picture two L's
Leto where's my wife why should I do
she's she's still holding the baby
mm-hmm that's it
I think it's official it's a different
it's the same baby that's the same
that's let me see that's the same baby
are you happy Oh drops
oh the slow clap you got the slow clap
you got sick but seriously put the baby
back please
do you have 86 thousand dollars for a
gumball the world's nicest toy store
so now we're going to go outside and
explore and take in the fresh air of
Salt Lick
a beautiful day mommy oh the Sun is out
on the video oh yeah yeah we we are not
Mormon we're not Mormon men disrespect
for the Mormon religion just like the
hoverboard don't ever forget that the
thing can whip you right off at any
moment beautiful
madam as view their party that's very
pretty
my little flower throwing a flower into
the flower hold water in our water yes
you're my little flower we need to find
a sunset and we need you guys start like
right off into the sunset on the boards
that would be awesome
joven do you wanna do like a slow-motion
jump is that what you want to do okay
Ola I gotta get the other dancer loose
and I forgot whenever you're ready
slow-motion John
yes how do we do this
CrossFit ah marks settle come on baby
come on
Wow
and the girls are chasing each other no
you're gonna break Papa don't break him
you want to jump are you hold onto him
stable yeah your brother it did it
squats here comes baby tree the monkey
train good job I look like a delicate
flower by the way any Mexicans would I
see I even know your weakness my
weakness is handsome men and Mexican
food yes I agree
there's no love or comment below if you
guys yeah if you guys have seen The Love
Boat or know of The Love Boat so I don't
feel so yeah we're not that all I'm oh
yeah put the child down miss monkey oh
she's like launching kids on the field
get the feel yeah you'll get it start
slowly feel it there he goes papa monkey
on the board papa monkey skate poor papa
monkey and nutbar papa monkey skateboard
so does baby monkey in the skateboard
that was papa monkey baby monkey and the
skateboard papa monkey baby monkey and
the skateboard also there's mama and
mama papa monkey papa monkey on the
skateboard don't tell me what to do
Kevin Papapa puppy puppy puppy on the
skateboard I'm so addicted now I'm gonna
buy like Kennedy's man behind the door
thank you for having us it's awesome
thank you all thank you so much it's
juicy girl you guys are so cute yeah the
best
oh it's like a hugging pretzel that's it
guys it's a wrap do a dance party in the
elevator
this is true this is chuh hotel bastard
exten two-year-old serenity peace these
are all stars yeah
