wall-e is waiting outside the door it
sounds like it sounds like a local the
outside oh mama bees ready to go mama B
is ready to go we have very nice
organized we're off to Los Angeles Kids
Choice Awards Oh waiting for the monkeys
so we're all packed up what are you most
excited about okay on the count of three
who are you most excited to see okay
we're gonna we're gonna say we're gonna
say it together
one two three
ariana grande Rico Rico from Modern
Family and thanks to your votes the
dresses have been picked so I think
we're gonna have to do a little a little
showdown at the hotel when we get there
the showdown so we're waiting for the
monkeys they should be home soon
school first and then airports so let's
see for the monkeys tendency that are
here one little monkey there he is
you guys ready to go okay snack time and
then airport
this always happens we're like we're
like the last ones to board the plane
and we're all like in a huge rush and
watch we're gonna hit that corner but
everyone freaks out because you know
we're gonna be last what's up the plane
was on the plane that's a good plane
you guys can all sleep in this room and
I will sleep over here nice massive
bathroom check nice massive bed check
massive wall of the wing of a plane
check another suite bathroom with a
shower check points oh let's get this
party started good morning family good
morning Mike well the monkeys are not
very responsive mama bees not very
responsive beautiful hotel room didn't
get much sleep because it's sort of
connected to a launchpad called an
airport if you really want to know
planes definitely launched every 30
seconds from LAX I know that because
that happened last night until what like
3:00 in the morning
1 a.m. 1 a.m. I exactly you guys want to
watch airplanes land come over and enjoy
the view we're thinking of getting two
separate hotel rooms and unfortunately
it sounds like they're launching rockets
here we might just change rooms we don't
wanna leave the hotel it's very nice we
just need a quiet night's sleep because
the Kids Choice Awards is tomorrow
we saw something super interesting in
the lobby and I'll let mama be explained
so what he means by Wally where's wally
the butler he's not any ordinary butler
but he's a robot and he like moves
around anything like deliver stuff to
your room and he's like really cool and
he knows how to go in the elevator but
any noise to go so there's a butler of
robot butler downstairs and we want to
try it because i want to know if he's
gonna knock on the door he doesn't work
he's like a little it's like a tin can
maybe but it's like a little is totally
astonished by this i'm totally
astonished up to here though so he's
pretty tall
yeah well order four bottles of water so
what else do you in order he can't bring
a killer mouth letter yeah butter
Skylar's water from water service come
on puppy okay you know what we should do
in a min we should order we can't order
take it but they have to know what like
what ice cream ice cream they're like a
menu or something that tells you what
you can order like in the order up and a
3-tier birthday cake or something or
maybe it's your birthday
it looks like a chocolate ice cream okay
we're gonna order from this robot Butler
I'm Way too interested in this oh okay
so you know what we should order ice
cream sandwiches for waters for ice
cream sandwiches okay go do it
dial zero and say can we have the wall-e
deliver okay
hi is this wall-e service may we please
have four waters and for ice cream
sandwiches please
I'm watering like a really big guy
screams it's the ice cream sandwiches
yeah okay man please have four of that
please
thank you bye what's the deal what's the
deal so I ordered four waters I think
and and for ice-cream sandwiches it was
bacon chocolate chip bacon chocolate
chip oh okay
so mr. monkey mr. monkey horrors so now
we're gonna have a robot Butler deliver
four waters and four bacon chopped
chocolate chip ice cream sandwiches
yes we're having that at like 10:00
12:00 okay so I guess this is gonna be a
no rules this is gonna be a robot Butler
Ice Cream Sandwich taste test challenge
did you know that there was some ice
cream sandwiches no I saw I saw ice
cream sandwiches when I was down there
so now okay so we gotta wait for the
robot Butler
I hope nobody takes our ice cream
sandwiches our waters imagine if he
shows up and he's like empty-handed I'd
be so mad Wally is waiting outside the
door it sounds like it sounds like a
book the outside oh hello oh we got
water so I can't get the waters guys
please remove your delivery here mama be
alright and then why don't you guys
leave it at the door and we're gonna
click on all set we're gonna go follow
him back so Wally the butler just
delivered that is amazing ok miss monkey
wants to marry a robot ok yeah close it
and press all set
watch out you don't want want you to run
you over okay I'm heading home alright
we're gonna follow okay we're gonna
sneak we're gonna be creeps
so that's it
that was so that was awesome the moment
of truth
chocolate-chip cookie brown butter
candied bacon ice cream whoa whoa is it
really good it's bacon ice cream it's
bacon ice cream it has to be good thumbs
up or thumbs down for the wall-e
delivery in the future robots and bacon
ice cream so we are waiting for someone
special from Nickelodeon to come by and
I think they're gonna hand something off
I think they had a handoff of the
tickets to us so our friends at
Nickelodeon just dropped off our tickets
guys we got floor seats more seats that
means we're gonna be sitting with all
the celebs if you are in the venue
during the show there's always the
possibility sly may get on you or your
clothing what you want to get fun yes so
there's a chance we may get slimed we're
okay with it we're totally okay with
that okay I got the butterflies I got
the butterflies they sent us like a
whole a whole like ticket package I'm
just gonna keep the camera on and see
what we can what we can capture we want
you guys to come along with us every
step of the way and so we are going to
have our camera with us as long as
to have it and show you the whole thing
that little carpet experience we have
kind of a free day today so we're gonna
visit some friends we're gonna eat lots
of tacos we're gonna play same games
we're getting lots of tacos did I
mention that so that's basically what
we're doing today tomorrow the Kids
Choice Awards happen and we're gonna get
all dolled up and yeah so today's just
been did a fun chill-out day our room
now got moved to a nice supply of rooms
been beautiful and we're happy so you
guys ready to play some games
these guys had way too much candy that's
a lot of sugar and they just spent all
their coins or whatever it is on candy
you you actually you were blinking big
time you think you had a lot of points
Oh what is he doing whoops so he's got
this contraption what are you doing
sorry food mania review early she's a
professional candy eater food taster
because she has food mania review and
I'm gonna link I always do I never know
where to put it but it's up here it's
gonna pop up we're gonna do something
we're gonna put in the description you
guys have to check them out they're
hilarious
they're brave they try a lot of crazy
stuff everywhere many tried Mexican
candy yet so while the girls are trying
the candy here mr. monkey is trying to
put together his contraption oh that's
uh that's not beer by the way that's you
did not have enough sugar today
yes having a blast
mama B and mama bear is a huge all right
that's it Marines oh oh it was really
good I think it's it's high okay are you
freaking kidding me oh are you guys are
both awesome what they even had okay
what the even heck okay you guys can see
it together at the same time will they
even heat would even hey hey you guys
are like you guys like over food mr.
monkey crazy yes
okay guys now they're gonna kick us out
when I like to be here what are you guys
doing there's a worshipping the TV we're
gonna move in with you guys mama bear
and Mama be loaded all the monkeys are
all loaded look at that so basically
since we got to California we've been
eating Edie and eating and eating
now look beautiful look oh those
cheekbones on fleek and now we go eat
tacos okay we have a big day tomorrow
taking you to the Nickelodeon Kids
Choice Awards big date tomorrow mr.
monkey what would you like to say to
everyone before we close this off live
life to the fullest and I love you very
much
