what do you give a woman that deserves
the world that's the question that
challenges us all in my journeys I've
seen so much I've learned from my
experiences
to find the perfect gift you need to
search deep within you need to go beyond
what's expected beyond what's deserved
you must climb the highest mountains and
dig deep deep into the deepest oceans
you okay I'm getting a little deep down
look you want to buy something that says
I love you but also says we're in this
together I got your back and your front
I will walk with you wherever you go a
woman that deserves the world needs to
be shown that she's appreciated you want
to find something that identifies her
beauty and her strength sometimes that's
difficult and sometimes it's right in
front of your eyes are you ready for
your Valentine's gift you don't have to
give me a gift
you deserve the best stand up and close
your eyes
lift up you're here for me it's one of a
kind open your eyes
so what's for dinner I said what's for
dinner yeah y'all
