good morning everybody we are on our way
to Anna Maria Island we have been
invited by the good folks at the
Bradington area look at the car you guys
the folks have Bradington hooked us up
with some really really and I was like
worried because I was thinking we have
so much luggage is it gonna fit in the
car yeah 20 dogs I think we're going
kayaking today I heard we're gonna be
driving a golf cart
mama B how's your golf cart skills mad
skills
I've never been to Anna Maria Island but
everybody that be told we were going
there I said
you're gonna have such a great time it's
so beautiful Wow now
super excited and we're taking you with
us that's our promise whenever we have
exciting things we take you with us mama
B we've been here for three minutes and
I already want to live here
thank you so much the most comfortable
experience we are here and we're gonna
unload and we heard we have a golf cart
we're single six person golf cart nice
let's get settled in let's get settled
in no I don't think so
we're ready for the island wow this
place is amazing thank you so much guys
we got to share this with you this is
beautiful this is our well some people
have some hooked up golf carts man yeah
paradise for real paradise found we were
invited by the folks at Bradington
to experience Anna Maria Island and I
had no idea where is Anna Maria Island
they said it's in Sarasota it's
beautiful you guys are gonna love it and
we're like yes of course we want to
check it out this is amazing and we're
only here for a little bit and I want to
live here now
in the words of Scarface bassist a lot
of ice flying
this is spice and see what they do yeah
I would like to book this exact place
and I want it for a week at least
sustainable tourism yes and we are on
Pine Avenue right now which is the
greatest little beach
in America yet it's an electrical car we
got our beach we're on we met some great
people and we are on our way to the
beach through this secret passage
now this stair it's like powdered sugar
but like suicide it's like snow
miss monkeys got her miss monkey can is
it cool to ride in the back and he said
cool yeah cool it's going backwards why
wouldn't it be cool and guys I promise
to film while we're on the golf cart
sorry I'm gonna do that I'll promise
that I'll film while we're on the girls
club she said I want miss monkey cam
said okay you can have it mr. monkeys he
just takes it all in like like the old
schoolers you look I've gotta see the
day carpe the diem oh I like your style
and now I think we're gonna go eat
something
so this is a restaurant and like a
treasure trove don't really clean your
stuff I've never been to a restaurant
that has this you eat inside the store
you eat inside the store so all these
tables these are for sale to the dance
so the tables are for sale that you can
actually eat on those tables so it's not
like your typical restaurant where
everything's kind of the same you eat on
the furniture so basically you can buy
anything in this store oh
how's your creme brulee french toast you
have a sandwich and a half there it's
called the Cuban Cuban and you can't go
don't even give me the thumbs for that
one perfect no one doesn't need any
thumbs at all Ginny and James Jim James
so basically you know some restaurants
have mints you know when you finish
eating you grab a mint there you can
grab a lamp when you're done you just
like so this was the Anna Maria city
jail focus man
so they actually like trusted people to
go inside and just like stay there for
jail air conditioned route nice popo's
so it's a pretty creepy inside hope this
is about haunted or anything with only
bars on the windows prisoners were
exposed to clouds of ferocious
mosquitoes during their stay no one
wanted to spend more than one night in
jail and the dense whole crowd quickly
quieted down
or mumfie cheese in jail at least it's
air-conditioned
we're ready to go kayaking now thanks to
beach bums they gave us the tour now
we're gonna go with Rick Rick's gonna
show us the place maybe we'll see some
manatees or something let's go kayaking
so we have to follow you yeah okay in
the golf cart okay we're here we're
gonna go kayaking right now but just
remember that yesterday's history
tomorrow's a mystery today's a gift okay
and if we can stay in the moment
will receive all exists of the universe
and God wanted bestow upon us so don't
like that what you guys did earlier
today don't worry about your dinner
reservations tonight just stay in the
now and we'll receive all the beautiful
stuff the universe wants at the stove -
yeah I like that cool listen to the
message don't meet them out there crying
and cat yeah
little bit of exercise never hurt
anybody mr. Mikey you want me to help
you sometime soon what time what time
would you like me to help you okay I'll
help you right now
what an awesome experience kayaking so
glad you guys enjoyed high-fives
yes right on that was amazing it was
nice and easy we weren't doing barrel
rolls or anything like that we weren't
flipping around we're just taking it
easy and we learned so much about water
and birds and yeah marine biology yeah
was amazing Rick was amazing cool
systems so we learned a lot kayaking it
was so cool okay so now we're gonna go
and we're gonna go to the sandbar
restaurant guys Oh sandbar
do you even know where we're going yeah
I have no idea this doesn't look
familiar
yes it does it does I'm gonna make it
I'm gonna make a shirt if you have a
brain then yes parenting or parenting
this monkey
why why mr. Mona police are our friend
mr. monkey heard the sirens and took off
running we're going to fast play DJ
Khaled we are blazing in the golf cart
all right let's go yo man come on
we're gangster than that yeah apparently
he's quite the gangster oh I found the
sand bar guys it's on the beach no this
is definitely the best view I don't care
what anybody says this is the best view
the restaurant is right here and the
monkeys are already chasing each other
in the sand over there
wire up
you guys find the weirdest ways to enjoy
a sunset are you gonna try some caviar
sir the monkeys don't eat fish sticks
that's for sure thank you so much for
inviting us here my pleasure
Allah knows we've only been here for a
day and we've enjoyed it so much we
don't get a chance to travel too much
what and four-state well we don't
okay we don't get a chance I will
rephrase that
one more airplane this year then people
are written on toilet we don't get a
chance to stay in one place for a very
long time be in the moment and enjoy it
as much as possible be in the moment be
in the moment
who wants okay today we're going to the
donut experiment and we're gonna design
our own Donuts I'm looking to put some
bacon on my Donuts
boom the whole challenge smells like
Oreo donuts yeah it's really nice I
guess we got sprinkles chocolate what's
the plan crackers those peanuts
we got coconut crackers that's like Oreo
bits it's got me like Oriole there's the
bacon fresh what kind of donuts did you
order
what did you order yes I did one going
on how come you guys all ordered like
six dollars who wants to be in are you
two
trying out girls over there
you guys excited yeah are you doing are
you doing are you
he's got a big man you can use with your
hands to this Monday but can you give me
one can you give me a bite
okay mr. monkey I want to have a PC
earth
you've already tit
Wow the bacon and vanilla
thank you doing an experiment for having
us for basically giving us one of
everything
thank you so much we for the yummiest
breakfast ever knows the best breakfast
ever
I think the monkeys had had a lot of
doughnuts too so I think we're guys you
think they're done we've been one
the fun never ends on Anna Maria Island
now we're gonna go paints and dollars
have you ever painted a sand dollar
before I don't even know what a sand
dollar is I don't either I feel like if
they grabbed all the positivity in the
world and dumped it on like a separate
planet they would call it Anna Maria
Island we have made it to the shiny fish
Emporium No so I'm here with Rebecca at
the shiny fish Emporium this is a dream
this is a drupe especially for miss
monkey miss monkey wishes her bedroom
look like these puppies in here
it smells like lavender so you gotta
make that face that when you smell in
here yo she doesn't it smell better you
do that
this is not a copyright is a copyright
song so imagine paradise for a girly
girl this is what it would look like
this is about as girly girl as it gets
we are gonna paint sand dollars yeah I
had no I don't even know what it said
can you show me what's $10 is talking
dance which one are you gonna make my
goodness
are you gonna make a mermaid this is a
send all this is a sand dollar yeah
these are actual these are not like like
no one made like this is not like
they're real life real sea light I
thought this was like I thought this was
drywall that's he like I didn't get the
memo
I'm a officially lost the competition of
having I lost I made us I made a sunset
with the family on the beach and but
you're supposed to actually hang it like
this that's why you need to listen to
instructions that's mine
that's mama B's art there's my sunrise
shame on the water death number one
listen to instructions step number two
get the help
step number three could go for it put
your heart the soul into your arm that's
okay puppet still you look like a really
nice Wow Wow mr. monkey
that's your sand dollar oh my goodness
that's amazing thank you well you miss
monkey sand dollar Wow
and Mama bees sunset beautiful sunrise
clicks sunrise we are the shiny fish
Emporium we love you love you thank you
very much thank you and it smells
amazing in here to therapy for your soul
I wish we could stay longer
yeah we will definitely be back family
you guys family thank you so much for
being here with us everywhere we go we
will take you with us along for the ride
if it's interesting if it's not
interesting we're not going to take you
because we don't want to be bored thanks
for watching until the next trip for the
next video we love you thank you thank
you everyone on the enemy island oh yeah
we're hosting us oh wow we are
speechless
we have our horn
