yeah there's a zombie I don't know if
that works
question and answer question alright
we've asked you on facebook to leave a
bunch of questions and in the comments
on YouTube and snapchat everywhere and
we are here now to answer some of these
questions so mummy what is the first
question well the first question is from
Katie shoe things shultiess show facial
but short piece okay what is your
favorite meal to cook for your family
and why it definitely has to be talking
as I love tacos tacos ones yeah yeah
sure yeah I think a little bit cheese
and the lettuce and the guacamole so fun
and flavorful yeah and I get to eat like
20 of those slows my favorite yeah but
we've done a Q&A before so I'll make
sure I include them here or in the
description just in case Meghan
Robertson asks where do you get the
amazing ideas for your funny vines I
think we just get them from experiences
at home it's real yeah
I agree that my idea in your work in the
shower and then laughing I'm in the
shower
yes together but we're not all together
in the shower right so you are in the
shower and I'm like going to my room and
then I hear is he okay and then and then
mama be like I'm pretty sure he's just
thinking about yes I come up with a lot
of ideas in the shower for some reason
then New Year's okay so the New Year's
video sure you guys have seen it that
actually came up in the shower I was in
the shower and I thought you don't want
that would be an awesome idea
both of them actually a lot of like the
relationship videos that we make mom he
comes up with this question is from
Gemma orchard greetings from Australia
Australia I have a question for you if
you could live anywhere in the world
where would you live oh I think it would
have to be a lot of Sun anywhere with a
beach really but maybe somewhere
Bora Bora or yeah Hawaii yeah Turks and
Caicos if I were to move I'd like to be
like I like there to be like um like
bees but like not a lot of bugs got any
place that has no insects that's history
no insects and lots of snow so weirdly
the North Pole I would go to Santa
Barbara because they have a lot of cool
amusement parks there and it's like very
it's like a very nice weather it's like
once in a blue moon there's snow or
something I don't know if they even have
snow but I don't know but Santa Santa
Barbara sounds nice
sounds expensive I'm going in the middle
from back-end and regal what does your
daughter and son want to be when they
grow older I love you guys so much
thanks for all the laughs I was gonna
say a word
bird bird Oh
what do you know what do you want to be
on your fur Oh what do want to be when
you grow up heard Oh Oh Mamma Mia
asparagus you can't be a bird when you
grow up I wanna be a pilot it's alright
okay so mr. monkey wants to be a perfect
monkey no okay
I'll be reasonable I'm going to be a
singer or I'm one of those people at
your shoulders like covering my whole
face man
this is games escape sorry my lats am i
shorter when you have two parents that
exercising they take over half bro
what's up Jackson we got Birdman here
I want to be a singer or those people at
the airports like the border security
guards Oh John nice that's pretty
awesome I'm really good you really of me
what do you want to be when you grow up
mommy I'm never gonna go up either no no
that's the kind of mindset you have to
have not to take life too serious no
have fun be a big kid take care your
responsibilities pay your bills pay your
bills
be an adults my dad like why Oh Sara
stop Natalie Lou if you could be an
animal what would it be and why we kind
of know what mister monkey wants to be
either want to be a flying squirrel um
oh yes a cheetah because um it has sharp
teeth and sharp claws and it runs fast
so it has a lot of adaptations just in
case a prey just once like sneak up and
kill it whoa what animal do you want to
be I would be an eagle protect everybody
on a watch you would be a protective
Eagle yeah I would be a presidential dog
that's what I would be Sonny or both
Ricardo and he yeah asked how do you all
stay so positive as a family especially
when there are so many negative people
out there whenever like someone hates on
me or does stuff like that I just go and
I turn around and I walk away and I
don't think about it like first in my
life
nice see so they don't matter the
biggest piece of staying positive for me
is enjoying all the small things like
waking up in the morning and seeing the
sunlight um you know just a cup of
coffee a hug a kiss little things and
not worrying about the small things but
enjoying the small things so there's a
lot of like little pieces of the world
that can get you upset and a lot of
those things don't matter what I learned
Yoga is that hate actually comes from
jealousy jealousy is actually rooted in
the person who's jealous having low self
esteem and self doubt so when someone
hates on you or is jealous of you it is
because they themselves don't feel good
about themselves and so you are
portraying something that triggers
something in them that they don't have
and so that's why they say mean things
or do mean things but especially on the
internet they want to do what you do and
they can it doesn't work for them and
they wish they were like you or they
wish they could do the things that you
do being a family that just has fun and
spreads positive vibes and then for
someone to be upset about that it's very
easy to have that keyboard confidence
and it just doesn't matter they don't
matter and we just laugh it off keyboard
courage keyboard courage so there's this
funny life that that puppy showed me and
um and then he said when somebody hates
on you this is what you do I'll show it
right now
yeah yes go check it out three two one
wait a minute
who are you good funny man that was
awesome I like that one you guys go have
fun and we're gonna go answer some of
the more serious questions so I'm gonna
I'm gonna do a little magical clapping
see if it works
three two one did that work
we'll have to see an editing Catherine
Idol asks is it appropriate to fight in
front of your kids I say no it's not
appropriate this is now again this is my
opinion mama B's opinion no violence
there we're not child therapists
psychologists parents and but for our
family no I don't think it's appropriate
to fight in front of your kids I think
that there are different ways to resolve
conflict to teach kids about conflict
resolution but sometimes adult problems
and adult issues should be left away
from the kids can you imagine the
president the vice president fighting
and arguing in front of the u.s. or top
level people in a company fighting in
front of employees
it would scare me as an employee it
would scare
as a person and I'd start questioning
the business I'd be worried and I
wouldn't be able to fix their problems
that they're fighting about so I see
that in our relationship if we ever have
any problems or any conflicts we try to
resolve them away from the kids they
can't help it they're not be able to fix
it well I am totally against parents
fighting in front of the children yes we
need to teach them conflict resolution
and that is done with words with talking
to each other speaking to each other
communication openness is what we need
to teach our children I don't like it
when parents fight in front of their
kids because it does scare them and they
have no control over our adult problems
so yes it is a fact that couples argue
yes it is in fact you know what else is
a fact that I didn't even know until I
had a baby is that they remove a
placenta from you like that's a fact
that's a fact - I didn't know until I
had my own children so you know what
your kids are gonna be okay if they get
married
not knowing that couples argue oh that
make sound like that that dad's you
don't that analogy now you brought it
back it sounds like placenta how is this
working how does this go with the whole
and then BAM because I made it to
adulthood not knowing that they will
remove a placenta after you have a baby
I didn't know that till I had a baby
yeah so four kids know they don't need
to see the fighting because that is
their whole entire world we are their
world they are terrified just the
thought of us dying so we are there
everything we are their protection their
love their guidance their food their
resources their their love their
snuggles and when they see that shaking
I think it freaks them out at least a
dose - when I was a kid when my parents
used to fight no I used to really hurt
me and affect me very badly
and so that is why I decided to never
ever do that in front of my children
yep you know what we do in front of our
children we hug yeah we hug we hug the
kids were affectionate and we show love
um we laugh we goof off that's what you
should do in front of your kids keep
though I would say my opinion keep the
fighting away if you're gonna have an
argument
a lot of times couples fight over money
responsibility kids should know about
relationships kids should know about
responsibilities kids should know about
money and money management for sure but
very specific issues with a couple
there's no need think about income
Sarah's dad asks how long have you been
together as a couple we answered this in
a previous Q&A but we've been married
for 13 years and we were dating for I
think about a year oh I got it right I
got it right we were dating for a year
and what's funny is because we met in a
in a club a lot of people around us
didn't think it was gonna last because
you would introduce me your friends yeah
all guys I used to have a lot of male
friends mmm and they're cool and yeah
guys were cool but guys so chill they
are haters man yeah when I got a
boyfriend they were really she had so
many guys in the friend zone it was
ridiculous she was like the lineup at
life at the cars ride in Disneyland
my friend zone were like a crowd of
friends on dudes so when I like came in
and I was like introduced for the first
time to all her friends own friends and
I was the guy who got cuz I'm not a
friendzone guy I will meet you and if I
if I like you and I want to relationship
with you I want to be straight up I
don't want to be friends that's what you
lied about your age buddy event okay for
the record I did not lie about my age my
eye I was nervous she was beautiful and
she said how old are you and I at the
time I said 25 but I actually wasn't 25
I was 24 no you were 23 oh yeah I was 23
and I said I was 24 and what happened
was I said the wrong number and I didn't
want to look like a goof say like can
you imagine how old are you 24 no wait
I'm 29 I feel like oh my god
we just met you're such a goof you're
such a goof so I didn't say anything for
like a day and a half it was our next
date
it was our next date or our first date I
guess it's like I have to tell you the
truth on something I'm like oh my gosh
we just met are you kidding if you have
a pity of a girlfriend or you marry guy
are you serious are you for real yeah I
was like I had to tell you what I'm not
24 I'm 23 so I went what was that what
Jim thought it was a goof anyway so it
didn't matter if I told her like an hour
in or a day after meeting her I was like
okay that's all right but she called me
she called me back because he was
younger than me that's why Papa B is
younger than me yes I am younger than
mama B only by two years only by two
years and a mum B brain-wise is like 20
years older than me did you know miss my
guess is she's like can you help me with
my homework cuz you're smarter than Papa
are you kidding me that's what she said
oh that's rude man which you are smarter
than me that's for sure they're very
intelligent I'm intelligent I'm not very
smart some fun all right they can try
thank you mission thank you you got that
ambition busy stalking is it is
mopping floors tomorrow surprise oh hey
traffic
a zombie oh go get down go hey there's
some work to get down in some words we
just can't unsay okay get down okay
18 years
chica one of your kids got you for 18 y
18years oh man we're just ruining all so
 off in the Honda she was supposed
to bite your shorty Tyco with your money
she went to the doctor got like Oh with
your money yeah Jose Jose a : says is it
hard for you to go places and be a
family with so many knowing who you are
it's not a problem because we're a
positive happy goofy family um it's nice
to meet everybody it's nice to see
everybody smile it's nice to meet them
you know shake their hand take a picture
if you say hello to us just don't
embarrass it's just awesome to say hi to
everybody which is great because it
makes things more real because you're on
the internet and you read comments and
you reply back but it's not as real
until you actually meet people in person
yeah it's changed its changed a lot but
it's changed for the positive it's been
really fun Angela D del asks does mama P
and Papa P had jobs outside the home if
so what do you do this is what we do for
a living I don't call it a job I can't
imagine calling this a job because it's
so fun we work with a lot of awesome
companies and we create content on all
the different platforms that we have we
are very selective with the companies
that we work with yeah and we try to put
the same amount of effort into those
videos that we do into these videos yeah
this is what we do for a living we make
videos for a living they make the world
laugh we make the world laugh we don't
want to put the financial burden on our
viewers so this is how we are able to
yeah this is how many Millennials how we
pay the bills so
if you are hater who you against people
check the word yeah
really once in a blue moon you'll get a
comment like oh I believe you're making
sponsored videos I can't believe you
read the money you're a sellout are you
a sellout when you get promoted at work
when you actually get a job when you go
for interviews and interviews and you
finally get the job people congratulate
you so I don't know why people don't
congratulate people for saying hey
congratulations you worked with that
company I'm so proud of you it is you
know I want to say that you guys are
still eating it up and able to buy
yourselves clothes
yeah and toothbrushes yeah that's like
that it's gonna pay the bills oh that's
how we know our real family out there
and our real friends are the ones who
say guys good good job good update
I think selling out the way I see it is
doing a job that you hate and getting
paid for it just for the money when you
do something that you love and you make
lots of people laugh and you have fun
together with your family and you're
able to support your family with that I
think I think that's if that's called
selling out then well we need a new
definition or something yeah we need a
new definition for selling out we'll
never ask for subscriptions or we'll
never ask for donation donations and so
that's what we do for a living Dana
Hogan says I love you guys you make me
laugh and your videos are amazing my
question is how do you balance being
internet famous and being a normal
family we try to be as normal as
possible at home outside we just see
ourselves as a family that shares the
same stuff that we were always sharing
just to a lot more people but we're a
normal family and I think that's what we
don't do daily vlogs because our daily
vlogs would be kind of boring wake up in
the morning kids go to school mama goes
to yoga Papa answers emails maybe goes
into some meetings write some ideas for
videos mama B comes back we have to
exercise we come back together we have
some lunch and then kids come home from
school oh yeah we work a little bit kids
come home from school homework homework
the kids have their extra activities
that they
do we have dinner together we cut we
shower we'd go alone just like everyone
else we cuddle on the couch we watch
America's Funniest Home Videos and then
we we go to sleep and we do that every
single day yeah and yeah we go on some
trips we go on some amazing trips and we
do that and that's when we start sharing
our lives with you because I think it's
crazy to actually pretend that you're
famous or to change because more people
know who you are and I've seen that and
it doesn't make any sense to me I have
that attitude their egos take over we
are a normal family because our
intentions are different our intentions
are different from other people you'll
see a lot of online personalities that
are really normal regular people because
they they did something for a different
reason we did it to just make people
laugh and make ourselves laugh that's it
happiness Emily yeah promote happiness
family shaycarl same thing promotes
families promotes happiness has fun
wants to share his experience in his
life to the world Casey nice that has so
many amazing stories and just wants to
just do amazing things and share it with
everyone but I think that when people
start and their initial goal is to make
money and to be famous yeah you know
when those are your main things that you
set out to do that's when it gets crazy
yeah it'll get crazy and you will
eventually fail many many people have
the chance to grow and to become very
well-known in social media but if your
intentions are focused on just being
famous and make it as much money as
possible yeah you will eventually not do
well and you'll eventually go away and
you'll see that the ones who are there
for the right reasons will actually last
a very long time in this world because
you kind of some of the people some of
the time you can't
people time yeah I was born at night but
I wasn't born last night this is not my
first rodeo
you're also a Clement Lee asked will be
a B family still live on and do great
things
after 10 years hmm
after 10 years we have no idea I've no
idea what's gonna happen in 10 years I
have my years or two years yeah so we
kind of take things day by day yeah
because all you have is a present all
you have is today to yesterday is gone
tomorrow hasn't happened yet
yeah so we try not to foresee too much
into the future yeah I can't worry about
tomorrow it'll take care of itself worry
about what you're doing today because it
will help right what happens tomorrow
live your best day live your best life I
always say that today was like the best
day ever
and I say that every single day and if
you just have that attitude things
things get so much better I don't know
what we're gonna do in 10 years but all
I know is that we're having fun right
now and oh you were gonna keep having
fun as much as possible I hope you guys
enjoyed the QA um ask us more questions
in the comments below and we will try to
answer them as much as possible we will
do another Q&A soon I hope you guys
enjoyed that I hope we could answer some
of the questions that you guys had
we have other Q&A that we've done in the
past and I'll add those in the
description and yeah thanks for watching
guys thank you thank you for all the
questions that you sent in thank you so
much we loved reading them yes and we
love you and appreciate you and thank
you we love you guys I think that's it
y'all so you know they seem so you're so
cute how did the q8 look you when they
turned into a song-and-dance talking we
needed some there's a lot of there's a
lot of talking love usable interlude
yeah yeah yeah
