today my daughter is gonna become the
Joker because why not
is this kind of a makeup tutorial it's a
makeup tutorial but it's a makeup
tutorial of becoming the Joker and it's
actually pretty basic I'm not a makeup
artist miss monkey are you a makeup
artist of course I am
it takes white black and red what's up
mama P how do you doing oh I'm
organizing in this house mama B's always
organizing she's organizing the closets
she's working out you organized
everything yet mama B's me you guys do
your makeup thing yes thank you mama B
and you're actually gonna be part of
this skit later on yes I am yes mr.
monkeys gonna be part of the skit - we
all have a cameo so we're doing this
just for fun we'll make a skit out of it
because like Miss monkey said why not
why not turn a little sweet little girl
into a joker I've never done a makeup
tutorials oh please bear with me the
first thing we want to do is grab our
white cream makeup we're gonna
moisturize it all over our face remember
the Joker is very very messy so try not
to cover up all the white spots so it's
not perfect and you're not like a clown
so let's put some cream on your face so
we're gonna go with like mid movie Joker
when he was kind of like going through a
rough time and he's got like the lines
and it's kind of like messy you look so
cute
there you have it guys me in the
mornings you see that beard it's
entirely a pretty little girl so now
we're gonna put black around your eyes
okay I'm gonna do this to be very
careful Oh miss monkey where is the
Batman you are the Joker that's in rough
shape okay so now we got red lips needed
all the way up
perfect that's good you want to know how
I got these scars oh my father was a
drinker and one night he goes off
crazier than usual goodness let's go say
hello to your brother what would I do
with that very isn't that crazy
yes why do you want to kill me oh do
with that okay let's go okay all right
we gotta go film our scenes let's go
mom dad your dog's wearing makeup makeup
I gave her permission to put makeup on
she's too young to have makeup why so
sorry haha well I hope you enjoyed that
little tutorial of miss monkey becoming
the Joker it's our first time actually
doing something like this so give up let
us know let us know in the comments if
you want to see more creepy weird stuff
or things that you would normally
wouldn't expect from us yeah we're just
having fun that's who we are
so as long as we have fun miss monkey it
might not be perfect but as long as
we're having fun have a great day
why so sorrowful well my father was and
when night he goes on crazier than usual
