mama B I'm cooking tonight and Oh calm
down come on
technically I'm cooking I'm still
cooking but I'm making gold lentils
chili nose so excited Chilean hot dogs
oh nice and simple extravagant some
folks might think it's a little weird
putting the ingredients that we put on
the hotdogs but it's probably the
cleanest way of eating a hot dog it's
why the cleanest hot dog right if you
remove the actual hot dog itself that's
I mean healthier and the white bread and
you just basically spoon a bunch of
stuff in your mouth that's not the baby
isn't that great either the mayonnaise
ladle so basically you can either have
the really super healthy version that
doesn't have anything need anything
yeah just drink water but anyways today
we're making completos chili nose yup oh
yeah bossy PO I was born in Chile once
in a while I crave the completo actually
we were watching a show about a Chilean
character monkey you're watching a
little bit of it I really do watch
television you actually watch so there's
a show called Gringo's lamia and I got
in the mood to make Chilean ha ha he got
all Chile no yeah that was roots real
quick yeah complete OG little character
hello Pino Patra hacia cuando la comida
ah mana sir super wrecky Seto Harry
goodness avocados ALS mayonnaises they
also I think they call it the Italian
also because it looks like the Italian
flag you know in Italian we look at your
vote Mike here my boy didn't question
taliano
know to be italiano have to have enough
some nice tomato sauce it looks like the
Italian flag
no prosciutto okay T not a bocconcini
pero mi moses little Tim little slim but
it looks like an Italian flag so I guess
that's why they call the Italian hotdogs
right Italian right come on tight tight
to mama ya no tiene mucho bueno mucho
mucho why not let's go see mr. mr.
monkey is sick
miss monkey's upset that he's sick I'm
friggin mine on the plane was Tooting
and hanging a brain down off yeah that
was gross could I have people over
friend oh yes dinner yeah yeah we had to
actually change some plans because I
don't know if mr. monkey got sick from
the lady that was coughing on the plane
we went on a trip and I promise I'll be
posting that video we went to Jamaica
and there was a lady she was hacking and
coughing was ridiculous it was so bad
and she was right behind us and I
created like a like a sweater barrier to
make sure that the cops wouldn't get to
the monkeys and I don't know if the
monkey got sick from that but his fever
got better and here he is he's just
chilling he's eating oranges playing
video games taking it easy on vacation
and we're gonna have Chilean hot dogs
monkey I never tried you never had it
remain hot dog
you're very excited okay they want to
bug you too much cuz I know you're sick
mr. monkey that's but he's down here
he's playing his games he's got his own
minecraft stuff going on he's got his
oranges and you had a banana so it's
good you're eating monkey and you're
staying hydrated yeah you got your up
he's got his he's got his water and he's
got his electrolytes work well making
sure mr. monkeys gonna be a hundred
percent for New Year's and it's time
tonight the chilli so it's actually
really really simple there's nothing
super complicated about it it is
tomatoes avocados I'll show you how I
mash up the avocado mayonnaise I think
you can put some sauerkraut on it or
putting sauerkraut on it it's just gonna
be these ingredients on the hotdog so
it's really simple we have different hot
dogs whatever I got the thicker ones the
monkeys like the thinner ones I don't
make souffles and Katia's and rat racks
of lamb I just don't do that
that's just not my thing
I just don't that's okay though because
you do so many other things really well
we can't all be good at everything
that would just be morning so some
people are good at some stuff and other
people are good at other things but
you're good at so many other things
thank you but if you could cook too I
won't make you put it aside and then and
all the way over in the kitchen one of
the things I find so attractive in a man
is when they can cook I'm gonna have to
learn how to cook yeah tap uno dice the
tomatoes if you are not good with knives
or are a psychopath maybe ask your
parents to help you before we actually
do that we have to boil a water
what I normally do is I drop the hot
dogs in the water and I just let it boil
in there and then kind of eyeball leg so
the water's gonna start boiling with the
hot dog in it give it like a good 5 to
10 minutes in the water that's the way I
see it all right there we go I bought
like a thousand Tomatoes you probably
just need around 4 Tomatoes for this
yah-yah-yah couch on the couch on the
couch ah all right back to slicing
Tomatoes
yes I cut myself it's not too bad
don't don't mama B now I'm good there it
is
now that we have the diced tomatoes and
the hot dogs are in the water boiling
can you / boil hot dogs mama B you can
what happens when they when they get
over boil do they like split yeah okay
the avocado is that I use are soft
they're not too soft that they're like
they just got to be just soft enough so
that when we cut into them they're not
like they're not like black on the
inside nice and soft we're gonna make
some butter it's like a guac
but it's only lemon and avocado and a
little bit of salt a little slice down
the middle gently so you don't cut any
more fingers so we cut that
booyaka there it is wha gah moly wah wah
dah moly success that happened to your
whole target role model Sima Paso la
mano they say in Chile this is why we
have a disclaimer when Papa cooks
there's a big disclaimer if you know how
to make hot dogs already then skip the
whole part of me over boiling these hot
dogs are a little over boiled you can't
over boil hot dog yes you can like they
say in the industry you can't mess up an
avocado industry when industry the
completo industry how do you burn hot
dogs when you're boiling them get out
the kitchen breath I bet you mr. monkey
is going to love the Chilean hot dog
miss monkey I don't know if she's gonna
go for it so at this part we've mixed
the avocados and we're gonna put a
little bit of lemon juice in there it's
a little bit of lemon your preference
that's not how the chef's doing you need
to do it over your hand so that it
catches the sea so it's the seized on
going your food and your eating and then
you get a bitter seed potato avocado
like they say in the industry Oh buddy
hi cyclist Nina this is also a very
special technique of making enemies on
taxol video what a baby
darn special hardware massive men stop
by the nuclear power plant and bought
those hot mama B's a hater right now but
that's okay because we got avocados in
that I'm gonna put any salt in that yeah
we yes because I do that I didn't forget
mrs. salt right yet okay just a little
bit of salt that's it let's all get a
little bit more all right there we go
can you imagine if it took all the chefs
of the world 20 minutes just to make
pasta yeah only two chefs that care it
takes my two hours to me complete
peanut gallery comments coming in from
the haters in that time I could have
made you a lesson you're kind of on it
okay here we go mateys
special I'm gonna show you how to make a
sick chili no hot dog translation sake
means good and I'm gonna use a little
wiener because this is just for
demonstration purposes there it is we
will put tomato shouldn't you the folks
know you know why I don't use a spoon if
you put tomatoes on a hot dog with a
spoon you're putting all the juices in
there that's why
put up up up up but you are the closest
to me at the time so now we've loaded it
with tomatoes and now we are gonna put a
little bit of the avocado on top that's
the avocado right there
nice nice now that is a healthy hot dog
if you decide to not put the hot dog
Weiner or the bread in the hot dog or
the mayonnaise or the min or the
mayonnaise if you're just eating tomato
and avocado yes that's a great meal oh
you mean it do something special for you
for the mayonnaise mommy's very smart
because we don't have a sleep so that
way you can make do a nice design take
it to the bottom
I don't bump bump bump bump mm-hmm mama
B is a genius BAM there it is guys this
sa book a CC on tape oh I see sassy
incomplete Oh chilly no that's how you
make the Chilean hot dog that's the way
I make it tomato avocado mayonnaise I
know a lot of you guys are gonna be like
this is the weirdest hotdog I've ever
seen in my life why don't you just go
with the standard mustard ketchup you
know what this is how it's done this is
it right here the Chilean completo mmm
muy Rico meeting this monkeys gonna try
good Wow awesome sweet a combination of
the meat with the avocado the crispness
of the tomatoes the freshness of the
tomatoes all topped with the mayonnaise
which is both an ice cream consistency
and somewhat Tanguay from the vinegar in
the main Oh perfect combination problem
oh mama B makes it makes me feel so
special because it's really the hot dog
with tomato avocado and mayonnaise but
you made it sound so exquisite mr.
monkey have a nice salad with his hot
dog that he's added mustard mm-hmm very
nice miss man miss monkey has opted for
the ketchup but you tried it so that was
cool he's speaking I hope you guys
enjoyed the Chilean completo
let us know in the comments if there's
anything else you want to see because
I'm becoming
master chef as you can clearly see I
love him he's so crazy he over boiled
hot dogs but he's the best yes I'm a
lucky girl I'm a lucky guy yah yah yah
yah
