I knew you were gonna forget with your
groceries
I forgot the groceries I'll be right
back forgot the dry cleaning I forgot
the track man I'll be right back okay
here we go
freshly pressed oh really
you forgot the laundry
I forgot the laundry it was my turn to
do the London I can't believe you forgot
the beckoning
the kids I forgot to pick up the kids
I'll be right back don't go anywhere
okay I got the kids you forgot what else
did I forget you forgot our anniversary
that was today thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribing ly to
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said voice
is my radio voice bye
