how's it going everybody
hi we have something special today that
Canadian Tire hooked us up with thank
you Canadian Tire they have set us up
with the Millennium Falcon
from Spin Master check that out Oh mr.
monkey has been dying to try this yes
it's a quadcopter looks really cool you
you excited to open this oh yeah let's
get right to it
it has hyperspace mode and it has
authentic lights and sound so it has the
authentic Millennium Falcon sounds can
you make Millennium Falcon sounds with
your mouth I think that's pretty good
we're gonna have to try it out it has
four rotors let's unbox this
instructions this is the remote control
there are two ones here this one is to
play the sounds and this one is to do
hyperspace mode you have a little
switches here so you can go up down left
right you can go forward back and you
can kind of spin it around left and
right so there's a whole bunch of
different ways you can do that and it
also comes with like a charging cable
you plug it into the laptop or computer
any USB port so you can charge it up
from the Millennium Falcon through the
controller and that right there will
actually plug into your Millennium
Falcon and you plug this controller into
a USB port and that's how you continue
charging the Millennium Falcon there it
is look at that oh quadcopter RC
Millennium Falcon I can't wait to fly
this and it's like super light and you
see it you think it's gonna be like
really heavy but it has to be super
light or else it's not gonna fly and you
know what we have two of them baby
Chewbacca shooting turkey r2d2 mr.
monkey let's let this Millennium Falcon
fly all Europe
Oh monkey you're really good at this
yeah
hahaha
ah
watch here whoa nice cash Bobby good
gotcha mama B mr. monkey and I'm gonna
have a little challenge who can actually
fly the Millennium Falcon through mama
B's arms okay it has to go from the
bottom up through mama B's arms and back
out can you do that yes you think you
can do that mama B's got her hair all
she's gonna name oh it's gonna be a
tough one so I'm there
yeah under can you go under
oh we have got to see the slow motion on
that one Wow sleepy sticks a pro oh my
goodness okay now Papa's gonna try it
whoa I'm like I think miss it's doing if
I hurt you I'm sorry
oh okay one more attempt you miss more
pop miss you did it wrong I'm not as
good as mr. monkey haha yes mr. monkey
wins be plug-in already yo mama beak
it's like selenium something okay we're
gonna do we're gonna see do that Wow if
you do that I will cook for a whole year
so get a hold of you drew you gotta pull
it away first monkey this is to go up
okay and this is to go like change the
change it like the side and this change
decide what does that mean yes it does
it go I see the direction and this and
this is to go this way and that's to go
that way and this is supposed to go
forward and this is what's go up this
supposed to go down this supposed to go
back okay and this is supposed to go to
hyperspace more hyperspace mode is
supposed to play music and sound and
music tell mama B is now ready to go
let's see air fly this
have to go
nice and easy nice and easy
you turn it up and it's not that easy
look Oh mommy now turn it up turn it off
shells busted up our best family award
that we bought ourselves that was a
great first attempt on a scale of 1 to
10 I give you a a 9 because I love you
very much
it's amazing do better no it's pretty
awesome
it's Commun to the chin put me back in
coach get rid my game is monkey mr.
monkeys ready Rock
yeah close miss monkey close
ah
ah
turn off his monkey turn up go higher
there you go
oh wait she's trying to film
good job miss monkey good job mama P and
miss monkey and myself need a little bit
of work on our Millennium Falcon flying
but the true Han Solo the true pilot mr.
monkey slick slick he wins the challenge
he knows how to fly this I'd like to
thank all of the people that are
watching right now and I'd like to also
thank I'd like to thank Spin Master the
makers of millenium yeah yeah we're like
interviewing the fight I'd like to thank
Spin Master for making the toy I'd like
to thank all our you people at home I
like to take thank you so much to
Canadian Tire for hooking us up with the
Millennium Falcon let us play with it
I'm gonna put more info and specs on the
Millennium Falcon in the description and
some more information we're having some
fun this giftmas season thanks for
watching everybody
yah yah
yeah y'all
