what do you guys want to be for
Halloween
today we are going to dress up as the
autumns mama B's upstairs getting her
Morticia on so miss monkey where you
gonna be you're gonna be Wednesday and
I'm gonna be gomez mr. monkey who you
gonna be for Halloween Pugsley and Mama
B is Morticia so she's upstairs Tish
what we call a Tish I gotta grow a
mustache real quick yeah very nice oh
very tart we are gonna go do it up and
I'm gonna show you some of the costumes
now first of all we have more Tisha's
hair so it's here because mama B's hair
is long but it's brand so wait to get
black here I got my gomez suit on here
pinstripes
we have Wednesday's dress we have
Morticia stress and of course we have
Pugsley Addams shirt so we have Pugsley
shirt and some black shorts so there we
go Pugsley Morticia Wednesday and Gomez
Gomez has a PETA striped suit and
sometimes he wears a bow tie sometimes
he wears a regular tie he's got a very
thin mustache and slicked back here we
have Morticia who's very beautiful she
has a red lipstick and she's got a very
pale face and she's got her black dress
so we're gonna try to do that Pugsley
mr. Pugsley Addams Pugsley has a striped
shirt and black shorts
he's probably happiest one of the whole
Addams family and then we have Wednesday
she's very dark she doesn't smile a lot
she wears sort of a dark outfit and
she's got her brings so that is the
Addams Family if you don't know who they
are they are very famous sort of creepy
Halloween family there are
so and then in the 90s they were a movie
so the reason why we're becoming the
Addams families because we've always
actually wanted to become the Addams
Family we were The Incredibles last year
and we've had a lot of friends asked us
hey why don't you mediums family this
year so we're gonna do it up Oh Huxley
Wednesday time to come upstairs get
dressed
well Morticia this is called a selfie
this is such an interesting instrument
it is a very nice instrument we should
have had this that your cousin Frank's
funeral this would have been great into
the selfies by the coffin mama B you are
killing the Morticia Addams look you are
killing it Wow
hope you guys like my mustache I
actually had to swap my mustache because
it was getting very like it was starting
to come off so I actually draw it in
fathers Pugsley what's happening Pugsley
wow I think you're the most positive
Addams family member oh yeah I mean
you're a little bit more positive than
your sister Wednesday are you okay
it's a camera don't you know the cameras
what are you planning to do with that
Morticia vast array of knives in the
house we're just getting ready to carve
people oh you mean pumpkin hello
Wednesday do you want anything and we
got some pumpkins here so the monkeys
are gonna be carving some pumpkins
dressed up as The Addams Family and
Morticia is going to be overseeing to
make sure that Wednesday lays off her
brother if she's holding a knife
take it easy Wednesday
I just forgot to take this Wow these are
my two favorites do you have any names
for them I hope you guys enjoyed our
Addams Family transformation we love you
guys and we thank you so much for
watching
is there anything you guys want to say
literally hosting work
