today we're making sloppy mama B's what
sloppy mama because lobby mama happy
Monday everybody it's Monday it's the
beginning of the week we want to keep it
simple we don't want to get too crazy
you're going to be making any like
fettuccine alfredo or anything to nuts
we're gonna make a simple meal well up
mama B's gonna make the simple meal we
got hooked up with a lot of manwich so
today I'm gonna call it marriage Monday
and we are gonna be making sloppy joes
anyone who knows me knows that I like
cleanness and maintenance so the kids
are gonna have a blast yeah because I am
gonna let them get messy and dirty yes
and delicious they don't know it yet so
it's a bit of a surprise they have no
idea they're gonna have to lobby tonight
always teaching them to use their fork
and knife no manners oh yeah but it's
gonna be messy licious today sloppy joe
all around so good so easy and
everything this is a perfect meal to
actually cook right now and I'm gonna
help you by filming what else you would
you got first there mama B first
I'm gonna chop some onion red pepper and
green pepper you know that you know
you're a big you're big green pepper so
mommy's gonna quickly chop up the onions
Brian I'd like to saute my veggies in a
tiny bit of oil okay and you just have
it on high right now the basis of any
dish is onions peppers and sometimes
garlic mm-hmm
for this one I'm not doing garlic
because I want the flavor of the sauce
to really come through choppity chop
chop chop and chop we can't tell you
what we're making it's a big secret
right it's a surprise you can actually
stand around if you want watches chop
onions watch mama be chopped onions
mommy's chuffing the red peppers now
alright chopping the green peppers I
know that you can just pretty much add
the sauce with the meat but we like to
add a little bit more you can pretty
much do whatever you want mama B always
likes to add to it
to find as long as I been married to you
you always loved the smell of onions
cooking
we got the onions and we got the peppers
look at that color of the red and green
peppers oh that is nice oh I smell it
and how long you have to stir it crazy
patience patience patience cooking
cooking let's put some poetry let's
quote some poetry mum peas putting the
meat in right now so now you basically
have to break break the meat down as
much as possible
yeah that part is that you don't even
have to worry about adding spices and
stuff cuz everything is in there it's
all in the sauce
listen to this pizza and I'm not talking
about mama B's even though she's
sizzling
number two we're going to use one can
manwich one pound of lean ground beef to
1 can of manwich so we're gonna try that
we're gonna use one camp know in the
comments if we should call it sloppy
joes or sloppy mama B's puffy mama
sloppy Mama's that is a madness looking
pan and the piece de resistance that
means the resistance piece that you see
once we got one can of manwich with 1
pound of meat hmm oh yes that is a
Tangut sauce right there he has a nice
hearty sauce sweet and tangy taste so
there's no meat you have to actually add
the meat and this is perfect for
sandwiches
pastas so yeah you can make sloppy joes
you could also make pastas with this
sauce and manwich has a whole bunch of
different flavors and a whole bunch of
different recipes so I'll include all
that in the description you guys can
check it out get some other ideas as all
a bunch of other things that you can do
so I will make sure I leave that down
there in the description below I'm just
gonna let that simmer lightly okay and
I'm gonna start my surprise Oh mommy's
got a surprise I like surprises
how many knives do you have what a
perfect Monday meal it smells great mama
B picked out this kind of bun I don't
even know what this bun is called but
it's just like a nice bun I call it a
Kaiser a Kaiser bun so you can do it on
hamburger buns mm-hmm
but I wanted to kick it up a notch I
don't like biting into crunchy bread
yeah so I like these soft bread
and they're big chances are with one of
these here you're good to go
oh he's a very nice one don't touch the
breath I am gonna put the stool embroil
so that means the heat comes down right
I'm gonna do just put that in the bread
cover it oh snap go for the old little
baby oh no that means you smash though
the storage tank oh the heat burns so
that the cheese melts the bread gets a
little bit toasty not too Munchie enough
that it's still soft for your teeth in
your mouth baby oh oh you gotta hit that
slow motion oh my goodness
this smells yeah I need
okay now Oh
let's get the cheese is there anyone in
this house that doesn't love cheese we
all love cheese we're all big cheese
heads
sloppy joes with a slab of cheese does
this is serious that you've made here
know that that's gonna be quick so that
I have to watch
that's literally gonna take like a
minute or two adding adding to the feel
the sloppy joe mess and you can even dip
the fries with the extra sloppy joe oh
that's a good idea mama B we just bought
sweet potato fries easy easy easy
let's make it easy all of the boats yeah
easy for the family one day mama B will
show you how to make sweet potato fries
cutting up sweet deals but right now
we're not even as simple on a Monday so
this meal takes around how many minutes
it's it's like 10 minutes 15 minutes to
do Wow look at that
Oh perfect
what oh my goodness what look at that
sloppy joe oh my goodness the monkeys
have no idea what I should call the
monkeys you have no idea look at that me
down low sloppy joes that's Spanish for
aluminum sloppy joe
shows all the extra sloppy joe sauce is
going on the sweet potato fries what now
we you just redefined a manwich Monday
meal right here right there
messy and delicious yeah what do we call
it messy licious messy delicious mr.
Lowe's Justice monkeys Monday night
dinner is ready
momma be the monkeys are coming so they
sloppy joe sloppy joe we're gonna get
messy and we're gonna eat and enjoy yeah
no technology no technology two hands
with these sloppy joes mama B I think
it's a hit what do you think mr. monkey
oh yeah oh yeah you gotta have to eat
that with two hands take your first bite
miss monkey
well look mister monkeys doing something
rise right in the sloppy joe now there's
no way you can play video games and eat
at the same time because you need both
hands yeah or these oh that's ok Peppa
know me huh oh wow that is nice
monkeys you like it oh yeah mama P I
think the monkeys liked it even though
it's a messy sloppy job she's still
super prim and proper Wow how do you not
make a mess when you eat a sloppy joe
how to give I'm a sloppy mama Wow
Thank You manwich for making our
Monday's a lot tastier than they usually
are
ok there they're a little bit tastier
there mama she cooks she her stuff is
already tasty this is just making a tea
now Oh miss monkey on a scale of 1 to 10
what do you think
