work it baby work it alright let's watch
the video
monkeys do you want to watch some old
videos yeah some old videos of you guys
singing the onesies in the house oh it's
a bulldog onesie mama B that onesie is
on point you got the ELMO onesie going
on desert the monkeys got the onesies do
your wedding I don't have a onesie oh
you have a onesie I don't have a onesie
go get home like Donkey Kong
Papa vegan muy bueno I can go work it
baby work it alright let's watch the
videos here we go with the family the
only way we can watch old videos is in
the onesies so here we're gonna watch
some old videos that I found and the
first one is gonna be of mr. monkey
singing the second one is going to be of
miss monkey singing you guys ready to
watch these yeah
good that was awesome ano Yan mr. monkey
that was awesome thank you that was some
great singing you had there Wow
used to love towards you still do love
Toy Story but that wasn't your favorite
movie for a long time it was hide your
baby teeth there my favorite part was
the whistling are you who's up next
miss monkey the other one the other one
the other spawn is up next you guys
ready for this yeah all right here we go
in three two one
Invensys on spider when I was what's the
word
bestie I wish it could be that Dora here
was on point yeah look at that Dora hair
love little mermaid
oh and you had like a little Dora
mermaid in your hand or something that
was like serious monkeys Wow look at
that Dora hair I didn't want you guys to
grow up no I don't want you guys have
any like the best part is when mr.
monkey tries to interrupt her watch his
singing and mid video she walks off
still see show singing goes to the other
room gives us URI it gives me more like
shush before I'm gonna I'm gonna whoop
you interrupt my song and then she came
back and started singing again with a
little Dora hair fashion she still has
been up to the pro yeah you could lose
your tooth and sing can you sing you got
a friend in me you've got a friend in me
you got friend and me well it is rough
ahead and you're miles and miles and
your nice warm bed from your nice warm
bed you remember what your pal said well
you got crazy me we should end up with
something guys what you guys think we
should end up with a onesie dance party
