how's it going everybody hey everybody
the monkeys are excited today because
we're gonna have a lightsaber battle
brother against sister so we're doing
this epic lightsaber battle because of
Disney XD's animated show Star Wars
rebels Star Wars rebels my favorite you
season 2 coming up you monkeys ready oh
yeah right
so we have these toy lightsabers we're
gonna do it up right now okay monkeys
you know the rules
you guys gotta have fun
okay so you guys are winded he is okay
why are you laughing
he is so funny my my older brother oh
thanks again for watching get ready for
a new season of Star Wars rebels the
battle between the rebels and the
Galactic Empire blows up to epic
proportions are you monkeys ready for
that oh yeah be sure to tune in to
Disney XD new episodes starting October
14th at 9:30 p.m. Eastern Time I'll make
sure to put a link in the description so
you guys can check it out get some
further information and peace l monkeys
you guys wanna have another battle oh
yeah thanks for watching
