hey everybody how's it going we are here
today because you've asked us to give
some relationship advice and we've been
married for 13 years you know nothing
about love if you're going to own venial
about religion champs I mean should be
the person to excuse couch watch when
you're putting your hands down your
marry so anyways if you guys want only
to chip advice you need to ask me about
it so I will be monitoring this this
video okay honey Miranda sings yeah okay
so so maybe the first thing is waking up
in the morning it's really important to
acknowledge each other give each other a
big kiss a big no-no don't taint are you
kidding me he doesn't Plus remember
morning breath what if you want beef the
night before you're gonna be giving them
beef warning Keynes's that's disgusting
do that so don't do that who wakes up in
the morning everybody wakes up in the
morning
nobody does then afternoon mornings are
boring there's no good cartoons online
she's not making any sense right okay so
the thing that I've learned was to
communicate with mama me so we need to
talk things out no matter you do not
talk to the person you're with you have
to play hard to gain so if someone's
trying to talk to you and you have a
crunch on them or if you're dating them
something like that so that way they
know Oh what if she's into me one of
these into me they'll never know you
gotta took the mystery alive but her dad
talked to them those are games those are
games that no but you know how long have
you even been dating we've been married
for 13 years 13 years 13 years that
means nothing it just means you're barb
that doesn't belong or go to Burlington
chance no it doesn't it doesn't mean
that you know how many babies I have how
many babies do you have all right a long
what is it baby you understand I think
yeah I think she's prettier she doesn't
under communicate have fun
laughs relationships should not be fun
it's hard work no it's fun we have fun
you just touch my knee laundry did you
see that no I did he touched my knee I
didn't count for him I know this trust
one thing I'm very trustworthy
Wow next one communication laughing what
else cooking it's important to cook
together have fun in the kitchen prepare
food means thoughts of cheese pickled
all anyway you gotta be careful with the
preserve stuff and the salts you gotta
be really careful we aren't having a
moment in a green on something and then
you butted in like you always do typical
man thinking you're right we are right
she's working in the kitchen every day
bring and she's talking about doing this
for you and you come and complain all
the time like this what is it what
ridiculous you shouldn't trust him first
he's warming with other women
then he's complaining about my super
need for him in the kitchen how could
you do me no it's a simple thing is
brandish shows up she thinks she can
just shake a relationship just like that
because she's smart you gonna stand face
my friend don't speak about my brother's
back my friend respect your friends
respect women what else have something
against Americans are you racist now no
I'm not
what's your problem so the key to our
relationship is find a good woman who
could be your best friend
that's what I said no that's what I say
now I'm good trying to steal words for
my mouth so now you're a steal or an
achiever to deal with this everyday
thank you I know I know
so the best relationship advice have a
girlfriend who can take care of you when
the man isn't training you ability this
is so much more comfortable in any
squishiness
I know he's so big he's something he's
Harry Harry I found it lots of hairs on
him you know just when he's touching me
Nicole men escaping is very important
too so make sure that you mean is
important one is that your winning goal
yeah that's rank old friends grow up our
women women's right I don't need a man
don't need a man relationship advice
you're one of the boys right right here
I'm gonna use a girl for a Power Team
Power Team yeah he's my ride I know
that's relationship advice for any
things and the APIs so make sure to
subscribe to them subscribe to me
because hello I gave great advice and
you guys need to let them know in the
comments that he is just mistreating her
terribly
