monkeys I got super excited challenge
for you today
welcome to the speech jammer challenge
yeah okay so we have headphones and we
have this like a speech jamming app that
jams your speech and confuses you you
know that means because we need more
confusion because we need more confusion
in our lives you have these headphones
on and you try to say something and it
keeps messing you up because you can
hear your voice in Adelaide and that's
basically how this speech jamming thing
works we're gonna do it like a little
abcdefg challenge that's gonna be really
fun you can go ABCD efg hijk LMNOP VT
the speech jammer and i mess up do you
guys know your ABCs yes fluently what
language what language English okay
recitation mr. monkey mm-hmm and you're
going to say the ABCs as quickly as
possible okay I'm going to turn on the
speech jammer thingamabob er I want you
to sing the ABCs as fast as you can go
ABCD efg
take a little tinkle take a little by
the word so I can look a lot like a
diamond in the sky
look up in the air yeah yeah oh yeah
yeah yeah go ABCD efg you done it a
couple of we lost them at like E okay
miss monkey video yeah so as fast as you
can miss monkey go it JJ's a b c d c di
i put a video this is no balk g did you
get sugar with chicken but do you know
your alphabet alphabet have it on my DNA
up any CD f e f g g g Wow g h i j k a
twinkle twinkle twinkle twinkle twinkle
little star how I wonder still little
star how I wonder what your little star
ha ha
twinkle twinkle for mr. monkeys waiting
hiccups now he put the hiccups from
speech jams
he got all jammed up mama B is up now
she looks all Purdy with their
headphones 3 cute
go ABCD efg hijk LMNOP qrs tuv wxyzi
oh mama B's gonna go one more time as
fast as you can ABCs
ready and go ABCD efg hijk LMNOP qrs tuv
self yet twinkle twinkle little star how
I wonder what you are up above the world
so high
okay do you understand the rules in
danger scan the room do you know the
alphabet
yes uh nobody love a bit I'm gonna say
this fast as I can
that's how it selling would have put him
good monkey activate the speech jammer
three two one abcdefgh you gecko
maybe CDFG economica what abcdefg just
gonna everything here cheese you get
abcdefgh Nakheel I'm a picaresque give
you a vegan switch open abcdefgh to take
a lovely pink you get sir what I eat I
can't do it I can't do it with the
sphere I kept getting interrupted with
my own voice twinkle twinkle little star
I wonder what you are
Papa B has found his let us know in the
comments if you want to see another
challenge if you want to see hey maybe
there's a hiccup challenge what do you
think miss one cat makeup challenge
cha-cha mama beats the winner again
she's got super natural talents I think
mr. monkey can't really understand
what's going on the hiccuping and he's
got that he's got this piece Generosa
mr. monkey would you like to say goodbye
to everybody have a nice
inviting tube have a nice thing
