today we're gonna be making our own
squishies using ingredients from these
paper bags because that's not sketchy at
all nope right now we're going to be
making our own species I've never made
my own species before I kind of
convinced her science is cool last time
so today we're gonna do that you ready
there's gonna be some crazy science
going on I got my science classes
alright first thing you need is a cup I
really know how to do this I'm pretty
sure he does right you know yeah let's
go with that okay and I'll just say the
ingredients as we're moving along so
gonna need a cup stir it up what is that
secret concoction here it's not sketchy
in a brown bag ever alright so step one
you're gonna need a scale for this Wow
you're gonna need to weigh out some
materials here some sketchy materials it
has two parts here Part B and Part A
we're gonna put Part B first into this
cup do you wanna wait in Part B in Part
A chemicals polymers we won't get into
that sciency stuff too much so I don't
get cut off today okay but you're gonna
need gloves I steal them from the office
at school all the time bring it to the
bathroom then I put water and soap in it
just squish it
so I'll blow into it then off the water
and soap and I'll tie it then it's like
a stress way so nice do you want to make
an octopus or a seahorse an octopus I
never have I thank God he said you have
mold because first things first I'm the
realest realest to the whole this stuff
makes the squishy not stick
we're gonna need pass flammable of
course gotta have a flammable yeah you
gotta have flammable things a makeup
thing it's not mine
promise it's not mine I know how do I
wake up like this
not with this we're gonna pour some of
this in do not inhale this all right
that's really sketchy yeah it is
spreading around these all the corners
and we're gonna pour some sketchy
liquids into a mold that you want to
squish it to be and then you're gonna
mix it around with a Beauty Blender to
all corners and everything no what are
you talking about it's it's just a
sponge it's not a beauty behind there
it's a sponge I have it boom she's gonna
spread it nice and around yeah using
some of that PVA glue are the tack
shadow to our attack I don't know this
name is for you guys right that's like
wax so it doesn't stick so we can remove
the mold easy all right
so do it don't smell this one first
brown bag one we're gonna mix it in
that's two parts of this there after
this smell as good as your squishies ooh
oh that was about actually that was way
more than I wanted you're gonna have to
stir this a little bit when did you how
did you learn to make this don't worry
about it science don't mind okay stir
this oh look at that it's like it's like
clear glue but it's not so you're gonna
put half of the amount so this is about
63 gonna be 30 grams of this okay I'm
just I'm concerned that everything comes
in a brown bag yeah it has to be sketchy
that's the whole point so when I pour
this in you're gonna have like 10
seconds to stir it and then you're gonna
pour it around the mold nicely okay and
then we're gonna watch it rise start
stirring it for 10 seconds it's gonna
become milky stir it vigorously now we
can start pouring it slowly so get it
into the nuts and kind of spread it out
nicely there you go nice
here we go here we go
got any more proved oh that's that's
that's a nice layer wanna get the
details okay wow that's satisfying I
like that we got everywhere now the next
step is to watch it rise kids at home do
not touch this wear gloves when you do
this all right that's from the office at
school yep or behind them all right it's
all done so now if you actually feel
this when it rises after it's gonna get
hot so there's a chemical reaction
happening right here yeah told you to
get her today are you starting to rise
so this one the density of this will be
15 times the size of what we just poured
yeah so it grows up to 15 times the size
we might not determine yeah cuz you know
when you make like a muffin and then it
kind of that seeps out I saw this at a
car dealership one time I mean like a in
like about 10 minutes 15 minutes no stop
rising hope you like some like paint to
cut oh man I did not bring paint but
when this finishes they'll start to cure
yeah so it actually depends on how much
you put in terms of ratios all right
we're gonna give this a second we'll be
right back back a few moments later okay
it's been how many minutes so like 20
minutes 20 minutes it's really nice and
foamy we're gonna take it out now I'm
squishing my gigger for you just a
little rising yeah just it's a little
slow rising never get it they're gonna
try to take it out all right let's uh
Jimmy this bad boy out
oh it's coming out pretty easy easily
all you have to do is what can you put
in there you gotta put it or you're
gonna have some trouble taking this I
don't like baking muffins Chemical
muffins
yeah there you go and just like kind of
like gonna get it it won't break these
things are really durable
the power of polyurethane we'll get it
whoa that's so scary
wow that's an actual squishy it's like
really really smooth could I keep this
out of course can I do that could I take
off my clothes
well she oh it's really soft it's like
really really like nice nipples
super close-up oh yeah oh that's nice
awesome
that's like that's like an eight I
really like that it's not exactly
surprising but like it's really fun to
play with it's a good great stress
reliever like take this to school maybe
like make a little like like a little
baby like circle and a pancake even take
it to school like pull it out I've got
nothing on squish yeah oh those are
fighting words right there they're
fighting words but hey you can make your
own squishies right yeah time is a bit
easier in there all right so we use this
product called flex foam tag not
sponsored make sure if you're under 18
that you have a parent present guardian
when you're doing this the chemicals do
yeah but a lot of fun and if you really
want to get creative you can add dyes
colored dyes and cents and that's how
they make them thanks for watching
everybody if you like this video please
give it a like and leave a comment down
below if you want next time for me MO
and I to make a human-sized squishy what
a human-sized squishy thanks for
watching everybody please like
subscribing ly to comment down below if
you haven't subscribed yet please click
on the icon on the left and
little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said is my radio voice bye
