welcome to the balloon popping challenge
this challenge is basically popping
balloons together and it's gonna be mama
B and I against the monkeys so we're
basically going to have the first ones
to pop five balloons wins no timer we're
to be popping balloons I think that our
size is definitely going to have an
advantage here just want to thank
Johnson and Johnson
for encouraging us to unplug and play be
safe and have lots of fun get some fresh
air get out here and pop some balloons
let's do this you guys ready yeah this
is a simple game basically we're gonna
pop balloons and we have to use each
other
on the count of three we're going to
start one two three
oh wait five my balloons too bad we got
five you gotta go faster than that I
know there's gonna be controversy but we
want the balloon popping challenge whoa
we won this one Gary's damn Oh your job
let that be a lesson in speed there's a
technique in winning the balloon
challenge and it's all about speed oh
god the sister scientist thank you very
much for watching we're outside we're
sweating we're having fun
thank you guys what did you guys have
your own balloon popping challenge post
it we want to check it out have fun
peace out yah yah yah yah yah yah
aha
