look at her look at her stance you guys
need to study the stance because mamma
knows her stuff look at this laser field
are you ready to go under some scary
lasers yes are you ready to defuse a
bomb are you ready to defuse a bomb yeah
today we are gonna have a chrono bomb
challenge
this is Conal bomb and the wonderful
people at patch sent us this game and we
are gonna play it today we're gonna have
a little challenge chrono bomb is a fun
little game here you have to cross the
laser field before it's too late
you guys ready for a little challenge do
you guys like my super spy pants right
there my super spy pants let's open it
up let's see what we have here let's see
what we got in this video we got the
instructions we got some mission cards
whoa these are gonna be connected so
this is the kernel bomb laser beam
obviously it's not a real laser beam
because if they were real laser beams
how much would this game cost mommy
eight million to the women the game
would cost eight million dollars if
there were real laser beams so they are
strings that look like lasers and
they're gonna be connected to the bomb
and we're gonna try it and what we're
gonna do is hook up these clips and
we're gonna have a chronal bomb
challenge okay let's go hook this up to
the other room we are hooking up the
laser field
we have our laser field set up here what
do you guys think this is a very complex
laser field because you have to go over
and under the laser field to defuse the
bomb that is set up over here mama B is
all set up she's got her pipes closed
under hoisters super spy heist clothes
Wow
whoa if this was a heist clothes
competition mama B would win I think I
got my face hat on I got my Wolfie shirt
and I have my heist pants so if I was
going to do a heist I would be wearing
this getup right now
mr. monkeys got his lickety slicked
going on that's his super heist slick
Eddie slick hair miss monkey is already
trying out the little course here she's
got her heist pants I think we're all
ready to go we're ready for this let's
pretend this is a heist and we're trying
to defuse the bomb which is set up over
there hello hello good one you know so
you have one minute to go through the
laser field and even if you hit the
string you can keep going it just cuts
the time a little bit so if you hit the
lasers go and keep going who wants to go
first
Oh we're gonna get mr. monk he's gonna
go first
are you ready sense there you go
that's okay monkey go ahead oh whoa good
job mr. monkey 12 seconds to go mr.
monkey goes up and over the laser beams
now miss monkeys gonna go there you go
miss monkey
Oh miss monkey 11 seconds so far mr.
monkeys in the lead mr. monkey mr.
monkeys in the lead but guess what mama
B's next oh here comes mama B mama B are
you ready we have to be all look at her
look at her stands you guys need to
study the stance because mama knows her
stuff look at this laser field ready set
25 seconds oh he's the new champion mama
V is in the lead she saved the whole
team because she's the quickest she's
the super sleuth eeeh so far she's a
super spy mama bean Wow well you know
what I just well you are in the chrono
bomb lead right now and then some of me
you guys need to take some notes here
this is education mama B has got the
skills she knows how to go up and over
the laser field and defuse that bomb
maybe you guys know a little bit of math
a little bit of science but what's also
important is to go through a laser field
once in a while and defuse a bomb but
guess what this time I'm gonna draw some
mission cards and I'm gonna go ahead and
pick up a camera a flash drive and I'm
gonna pick up some gloves on the way
what do you guys think about that
you want to do the honors hand and press
that button for me of course
ready set go
I have to be more gentle because the
lasers field is very I just blew the
heist that hat is not very lucky I don't
think it's a very lucky hat
thank you again for watching and thank
you to the folks at patch products for
hooking us up with Crona balm we're
gonna keep playing I got to learn I got
some skills a mama B's got the skills to
pay the bills or the dafuq yeah so wanna
bid gets to do the winning dance
