and then over here it's just printed on
a piece of paper how can you do that
you're losing you're losing followers
and fans if you okay so it says for this
talent you have to be good with your
face for the first one and happy I think
I could be better happy that's the thing
for happy back ok very good focus I lost
my baby
this is the only thing don't bring out
because and fortunately your bullets
don't have ain't so let's grammar now
I'm just gonna show you some kinds of
clothes that I'm wearing right now so
right now sometimes just gonna be you so
I'm wearing this mate sticker shop some
kids like to be cool and put it off my
things I don't think they're really cool
I'm gonna keep it nice and nerdy no I'm
not a nerd
let's do the whip everybody within the
naming one two three go I'm ready one
when the heads gonna get a number one
song singing remain timeless all the way
to the back to the front I tasted my
bananas with waffles in the mornings
right now singing is a challenge that
sounds like talking but with more
singing so from the nose the nose this
for me
all that saint-14 singing to use the
middle room for each and you use the
left the vibrate oh is that shaking
sound in your voice that makes shake a
part of your body I shake I shake I
think this book is very educational
the bigger the shapes of it is that
bigger vibrate so when I need motivation
my solution is my queen cause she stay
strong yeah yeah thank you for watching
myself home for anything
review on hit the box and it's very
heavy yeah be my God make it so heavy
can't you make like season two and then
put more song don't just went all move
in one lump then it's gonna be rolling a
P and if a toddler is a really big more
fan of you you better make that book
very unhappy because little toddler arms
aren't gonna be strong enough holding
