we know how much you guys love a
fortnight dance videos that we make
today we're gonna kick it up a notch
though we're not only just gonna do a
challenge we're gonna make it an
exercise the video so you guys can sweat
with us okay so if you're at home right
now we're gonna dance together we're
gonna sweat - the most popular for
tonight dances are you ready we're gonna
do take the El we're gonna do jubilation
best mates we're gonna do a height Zini
and ride the pony ride the pony okay
real simple each move is gonna be 20
seconds and we're going to go into the
next move so just just follow us you
guys know the moves if you don't we're
gonna have a little little four-night
character dancing with us mama P are you
ready for the dancing I'm ready are you
ready first don't forget to positions
everybody all right guys take the L
first for 20 seconds are you ready
you're mrs. Allen
Wow was that 20 seconds yeah that was 20
seconds that seemed like 20 minutes now
that's me best mate so you guys ready
20 seconds of best mates let's go
jubilation jubilation let's go
jubilation this is good for them for the
shoulders for the legs for the heart all
right okay and now we're gonna do it all
over again take the helm
drink up oh yeah take the elbow you guys
ready yeah one
we need such legs again let's go
three two one do it
jubilation together you guys know this
you know what it seemed a lot easier
programming it's a heaping help of
happiness it's a happiness okay three
two one
just be free
yeah
good job good job take a break get some
water it's a walk walk around walk
around me
don't stop believin for the record the
monkeys needed more than the parents
okay second round we got ride the pony
we got
all right guys
two more rounds of this and we're done
guys
two more rounds of this now where that
looks like four but so we know that
these moves are not easy so we are going
to be taking a break so that the whole
family could participate
exercise all right get your ear Don -
what let's go
Challenge exercise video we do the guys
hit some water
shake it off guys thanks for watching we
love you guys let us know in the
comments down below if you did the
workout and if you want to see any more
workouts like this let us know guys we
love you as always you like this video
please give it a thumbs up this is what
matters guys as a family let's all get
together let's exercise alright I still
got energy I'm gonna go run a mile later
guys good enough go thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribes please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice
