hey Supergirl hi how's it going
awesome awesome fantastic on topic today
we're having a Disney descendants party
and it's a surprise for the Monkees we
gotta we gotta go pick up the Monkees so
let's walk over let's go mama B had this
awesome idea to do a Disney descendants
party so we're gonna have a pizza party
tonight and we got a bunch of wigs and
uh and Harun white hairspray because the
monkeys are super fanatics of the
disease of sin is soul we are going to
watch it together and dressed up as our
favorite characters which nobody better
take that way nobody on the right mama B
you're gonna wear the Blue Wave E and
I'm gonna be the dude with the Rehana
long hair I need to learn the names the
monkeys know all their names they're the
big fans so we're gonna ask them with
the names are but we're gonna surprise
and have a pizza party I'm gonna do it
up and you're all invited with that they
are all invited so we're gonna have a
little pizza party descendants party
thing and we're gonna I'm gonna do it up
we're all gonna get the wigs and hook it
all up
the monkeys are back you're back you
have a nice day care very nice day mr.
monkey Japanese day at camp yeah Oh Oh
tonight as I mentioned we are
celebrating Disney descendants and we
have a little surprise for the monkeys
we're gonna dress up like one of the
descendents Oh whose mouth how ISM is
Duff Cameron is she the one with the
blue here the purple here we're gonna
show you guys what we got
so this is like we got we got like a
head you got like wings and stuff the
monkeys are really excited yeah baby
you're a burden so that you can look
like Carlos blue here for Evie we got
the purple hair for mal and I think I'm
gonna be the the dude with the long hair
and the maroon hat so I bought a witch
wig that I think I'm gonna have to cut
this is gonna be really long and mama B
so mama B you're gonna be either male or
Evie no I'm gonna be this okay so the
monkey already sprayed his head he just
got a little too excited we're not gonna
do that just yet mr. monkey you just ran
off to the bathroom and spray so mr.
monkey is actually gonna put on this
white hair we're gonna spray him we're
gonna spike his hair I'm gonna do that
Jersey
hey this is called costly is it go with
cosplay Coldplay
Coldplay cosplay I call it Halloween on
not Halloween Halloween in July stay
tuned we're gonna get dressed and we're
having pizza tonight
yay can you even open it what did they
do to drip some maybe even subside down
oh there we go there we go it's like
this
long hair don't care long hair don't
care I'm Jay sign up your far right is
that what his name is
yeah Oh miss monkey whoo you dressed up
his mouth yeah I don't look when I put
the makeup on I will put the makeup on
so you're just gonna do that I'm gonna
do my own I'm still I'm gonna search on
YouTube for a pic of mouth from
descendants moon likes Jay I look
totally like Jay I like you okay can I
use the camera to show how long the hair
okay so I bought a witch wig and I don't
feel like cutting the hair so Oh
mr. monkey I gotta spike your hair yes
you do
but I already sprayed it I tried some
wine a little bit oh you have to put a
lot more than yeah it's a spike it okay
we're gonna spike your hair I have to
spike it and like put it up
let's go spike monkeys hair we should
practice legalisation that looks pretty
good
Eevee is finally ready whoa I like your
blue hair
hey exams it's nice your makeup is very
nice Wow like we went to the party store
we got some wigs we got some put it so
now we're gonna watch the movie we're
waiting for mouths purple purple haired
mouth come on we're you wet dough here's
Carlos hello hi Nicole what's going so
we're all like the kids of all the evil
people so Krulak karela dovel's son he's
me and i'm Jafar's son Jay and Evie Evie
is who's Evie's mom
the Evil Queen from the Evil Queen from
Snow White
and what about mal whose Oh a Maleficent
Maleficent just kind of in the name Rob
I want to keep this to well I think we
should do this I think we should we
should go to the mall but go get her
from Street think we'll go get our
groceries like this we should we should
go get our groceries like this when you
go hummus mr. monkey would not well
there she is
wow you look amazing on you got the
purple jacket
thanks for watching guys I hope you guys
enjoyed our descendants pre-party movies
gonna start now hoarsely voice yes yeah
