oh okay let's go to the vine booth I'll
show you my videos
we got miss monkey mama be riding the
golf cart
this is it right here VidCon this is it
it's crazy this lethal punch people
there's a lot of action going on
mr. monkeys rocking rocking the tricks
in hat Jay Carl hook them up shake her I
looked up the whole family so every salt
everybody's all tricks in doubt got
mommy miss mocking Oh
that crazy face so vine setup this booty
awesome thing zachary piona you well
this is this monkey there's a whole
family right there doing their thing
we are in this gigantic elevator
gigantic elevator at VidCon this is
sir do you know how to drive this in
whoa monkey how do you feel I feel we're
doing vlog exception right now no
exception blocks like him Oh like right
over here or over here i'ma put it
somewhere so you make sure you follow
and subscribe to balancers present for
spelter and family we are now going to
the Instagram left from the world's
biggest elevator world's biggest
elevator thank you sir you thank you
very much i J
YouTube this monkey what you got there
you got popcorn and you got some
wristbands
for the Smosh movie she's having a fun
time having tea in my head your green
tea got my green tea take care take care
yourself got panache you wait it's not
just involved magic Chris ballinger
actually built this pinball machine with
his bare hands
that's not true I'll pretend I get it
miss monkeys got bracelets like crazy
right for days y'all there's mom be
cruising the VidCon floor first
hanging out monkey hanging out nice with
Megan
Oh
she's gone which go where you at she's
gone that's it it's like going to the
aquarium see we can find her somewhere
how you doing
he's very well known he's mister
annoying orange right here hey Apple
nice
I wish I could do that I can't do voice
I can only do crew that's all I can do
can you group that's all I can do that
is all I can do it I don't know what
else I can do but nice time in that good
so it's been horrible now it's like
thumbs up or thumbs down thumbs up
thumbs up from people who are always
looking for the Monkees right now and I
think I found them they are playing they
are playing pinball with the Ninja
Turtles right now they're right there
there you are
how you doing guys you guys taking care
of the Ninja Turtles are they taking
care of you
that's your pay is that you pay oh very
nice
exactly and oh see now you're jealous
now you guys guys got to hug it out now
that you guys got to hug it out
thank you oh there's enough to go round
see that's awesome guys you having fun
with an external get lost um sweet don't
worry is going nothing okay all right
have fun guys
take care see ya
you're very serious money my keys are
just like mine it's adjustable
especially for Mama what is this a
monkey hi round here oh it's very sweet
what about you is one for Papa
