tomorrow we're headed to Macau and
probably they're still very devastated
from the hurricane that's where the
storm came in initially so what happens
every hurricane season
well we get a lot of near misses this is
a little little Maria had her number and
every 15 years or so we get a direct hit
and that was it but usually maybe
category one or something well nothing
like this we are here in beautiful what
Rico it is a tourist destination for
many tourists around the world but it
hasn't been for the last year since
Hurricane Maria devastated the island
and we were here two months before it
happened two months before we were
dancing in the streets taken in the
beautiful weather the beautiful food the
beautiful people we met salsa dancing
and so this country is very special to
us because of the music the people some
of the most beautiful people you've ever
met in your life we wanted to come and
visit the island we wanted to see for
ourselves what does a country look like
after it's been devastated by a
hurricane and we wanted to meet the
people hear the stories and listen
directly from them what it has been like
for the last year in their efforts to
recover ten thousand businesses are
still closed making up 20% of the island
we want to figure out how we can help
them we're gonna be going to oh my cow
one of the regions that were hit first
by Hurricane Maria and one of the
regions that have received the least
amount of aid so we're gonna go listen
to their stories we're gonna meet the
business owners that were affected and
we're gonna take you guys along with us
so let's go let's do this we go we love
you Porto Rico okay we literally asked
to get out just to come off the side of
the road just to see the impact cuz this
is unbelievable
look at this
you can still see like almost a year
later direction of the wind wow that's a
water park or was a water park we just
arrived a new bike out and like we said
before this was the place that got hit
first by Hurricane Maria and one of the
last places to get help we want to show
you the power of the storm and the winds
and the destruction that still exists
look at this these were trees that were
literally ripped out of the ground
because of the hurricane
look at the roots guys if you guys want
to see what the roots of a palm tree
look like there it is and this is not
like oh the hurricane happened yesterday
this is almost a year ago this is what
it looks like a year later
with the beautiful beaches waterparks a
destination for families to come a
vacation right
but now Macau is a ghost town wow this
is thick look at this just torn
that looks to be a slide like a water
slide it was literally ripped from the
ground look here's another slide another
slide that was ripped from the ground
this is a place where we should be
hearing children laugh and have fun the
sound of laughter of children playing
there's no one here no way then just as
a metal
you can imagine what this was almost a
year after the storm Global Aid and
attention is dwindled while the
situation is still dire okay that used
to be a pier used to be a pier people
used to be able to go fishing and sell
to the local restaurants and that's not
happening
literally gone it's like torn gone
so that was all connected so there is
destruction to the land agriculture has
suffered fishing is almost non-existent
because they don't have him here one of
the fishing boats have been destroyed
and so local businesses can't survive
because what used to be a thriving
economy with fishermen providing fish
and people going and visiting
restaurants and
a normal community is no longer small
businesses are the lifeblood of Puerto
Rico's economy yet following Hurricane
Maria's devastation more than 10,000 the
island small businesses are still closed
we just met with a family of Fisher
people because it's super men and women
no women do it to and they were telling
us the stories about how they were
devastated by Hurricane Maria and they
were just finest about the six foot
waves that were coming in and the
businesses that were completely
destroyed and all communication was gone
so no internet no cell phone there are
only a handful of restaurants that are
open now and so these people that are
fishing really have nowhere to sell
their fish to they haven't received any
money to recuperate all those losses but
there are some amazing organizations on
the ground right now like Mercy Corps of
course Google org is here the Hispanic
Federation is here so there are people
on the ground here that are ready and
have been helping from the beginning but
we need more help we need more help so
ego needs us and what do they need they
need money they need money basically
they need money so that they can fix the
grid they can help small businesses they
can give them the assistance that they
need so that they can open their doors
up this is their livelihood this is
where they feed their families and the
only way they're gonna be able to do
that is with our help
so we want to help we want you guys to
help I'm gonna link down in the
description below where you guys can
help Google is actually going to donate
up to two million dollars in donations
google.org is matching donations up to
two million dollars but we want to we
want to surpass that generally surpass
that we want to make it bigger we want
porto rico to be strong yes and
resilient so that in the future when
storms hit it won't affect them like it
did this time let's do it together guys
family thank you guys for watching we
love you guys like I always say we're
gonna take you everywhere with us and
good in the back good in the bad guys
but there's hope and we are the hope we
are the whole trip ortho Rico and we can
be there to help them and so one dollar
at a time every donation at a time we
can help them to recover and restore and
be strong we love you guys and we love
you Puerto Rico mucho
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little theme will pop up and use
it to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said is my radio voice bye
