best result we're not big fans of
spending $80 at a fancy coffee place and
getting a nice coffee when you can do it
at home so today we're gonna show you
how to do that right mama bean yes
all right let's do it so this is an
old-school espresso maker I think you
can get these for 15 bucks and I'll show
you my local festival whole school is
special school so you have to put the
water - right under that little knobby
thing see that it's lit a little knobby
thing inside there yeah a little circles
so the water goes like right under here
fill it up to go right under there so
we're making the espresso
yes but I saw mama B is now filling up
the little espresso espresso container
right up to the top yeah
and these um espresso coffee grinds you
can just get up at the supermarket right
oh yeah just like the market cool see
you've done that now you put it in over
there
so mama Dee has filled up the this
little canister with water up to that
little area and then she's put the
coffee and now she's got the old-school
espresso maker oh and put it on high I'm
on high nice and let it sit and let it
let it boil and C all the way up and
you'll know when has finished because it
starts bubbling mini Shia Christmas all
for you - good morning what have you do
neighbors are bar like
did you hear that we're not crazy we're
not crazy just like espresso yeah we
like to wake up nothing we really need
espresso right now we're all jacks
Jack a few moments later okay there
it is amuse me
so the espresso has been made so now the
next step gonna make the iced coffees
you fill each cup up and we use coconut
palm sugar because it's for you but you
can add white sugar we try to stay away
from the chemical sweeteners this is two
scoops of coconut palm sugar and you can
get this at any health food store even
at like your local grocery store I'm
sure they might have something it
doesn't spike your blood sugar levels
like regular processed sugar does so
this is what we actually use instead of
regular sugar coconut palm sugar putting
some milk in there just a little bit
milk home saving $80 not $80 but hey why
not make it at home oh and some of those
ice coffees have a lot of fat and a lot
of sugar in them so this is the
healthier less expensive alternative I'm
just measuring two of us to make sure
it's equal amounts Naaman B always
sneaks in an extra extra to toughen and
she wants to get extra jello but it's
nice like in the summertime instead of
drinking like a hot coffee
it's very pleasant for the adults we are
not promoting caffeine to children yes
this is for the adults once in a while
you want to have a nice little treat
yeah
you have the iced coffee you can also
put chocolate syrup in there oh so okay
when I used to work as a barista
I put chocolate that would make it a
Mochaccino used to be a barista I used
to be a lot of things in my love that's
uh that's for another story we'd add
chocolate syrup mmm to the coffee and
then we would top it with whipped cream
oh very nice and then chocolate shavings
on whoa whoa whoa take it easy take it
easy the iced coffee with a stress oat
milk ice and coconut palm sugar yeah and
the last finishing touch there it is the
iced coffee
mama B cheers Cheers Wow yeah yeah
