we're here today with terry AKA KR n FX
champion beat boxer he's got the skills
to pay the bills and he's gonna help us
with our beatbox challenge today and you
were also featured on Ellen which is
crazy so I'm gonna make sure I put Karen
FX's YouTube channel and description
below and I'll put it on on the video
we'll put some cards we'll do something
and you definitely got to check them out
he's super talented and he's gonna help
us today with the beat box
I can do that listen up pay attention
and repeat after mr. K are nfx alright
do this
let's do this beautiful awesome
enjoy the Jessie this is the Jessie
that's right like boy boy guys like yeah
your lips are movin if your lips are
movin if your lips are movin lanyard
your lips are movin if your lips are
moving your lips are movin and your me
in the face about this face
check out Karen FX in the description
I'm linking it all over the place
definitely definitely super talented
amazing amazing thank you so much Shawn
thank you we're gonna let you guys
decide who is the beatbox champion of
the family was it slick and slick was it
mama B or miss monkey you guys already
know who won this
