alright I'm ready to play fried fries
fried Flint's five nights at Freddy's
five nights at Freddy's yes so we are
here today because you requested mama B
to play five nights at Freddy's 3 yeah
five nights at Freddy's 3 I've never
played it before I played the other one
was it five minutes at Freddy's 2 in
Italy yeah so this will be the first
time that Mama V plays five nights at
Freddy's 3 and you're you're kind of
you're kind of you don't like horror
stuff and scary things right not at all
you're not a big fan of that kind of
stuff not at all okay so this is not
like gory like like shooting or hurting
people scary right this is more like
this is like creepy and creepy like
Chucky Cheese doll scare things anima
tom animatronics right okay so am I
gonna have nightmares you're not gonna
hi do you mind you might you might as I
did mama B are you ready oh I'm ready I
don't know what I'm ready for
but I'm ready okay we're gonna get you
all set up you're gonna sit down you're
gonna play this game I'm gonna tell you
anything you have to figure everything
out yourself yeah well then this is
gonna take a long time good luck mama B
just very scary already okay okay and
what do I do
new game so the monkeys are going to
guide you they're going to help you you
can still hear everything right there
don't have four reasons hey glad you
came back for another night
by Crom you know be a lot more cool like
this a clearance everything work but
don't have to click these things usually
their way okay
lay on him let security guard so not
only will you be monitoring the people
on the camera they bathroom you know
that make sure no one the old any bigger
things out of the corner just a lot of
talking
thank you oh I see okay you cook up
something and again it might just be
another crappy cosplay and we found a
desk fan very awful metal though okay
tiny to use this hand for anything no I
we who you up in a barista and make you
walk around things but we're trying to
track down a good lead right now who are
you talking about straight round spin
track how much talking is there trying
to make Phil vintage we may have
overdone and equipment is barely okay
I wasn't joking about the fire okay so
when does the start you sure you got
your like what remember weddings co-op
boom and you'll third man some crazy
stuff man tape that air blowing et okay
keep an eye on things
we'll try to have something new for you
tomorrow night I'm good here
if you see flashing lights click that
good booth button young and then
obviously like these things and then you
press exit exit I know I know I don't
see stuff like okay and now where do I
go so where's the camera where oh here
check the cameras a picture like sure
move that thing that's chica
did you hear Balloon Boy I don't know I
heard some giggling yeah that's Balloon
Boy
yeah okay you guys are freaking me out
man you're a terrible - the second night
I made it to the second night and if you
finished up this night then there's a
customer the boy ran into all your
training oh let's get a jump scare like
see reaction what does that mean you can
adjust it what do I need to hear him
talk oh boy okay ventilation okay and
now information on how to handle flash
climb into what I'm out of math comp
and now dr. go down there camera free of
Brody making sure the animatronics they
where the children are for maximum
entertainment plastic wrap
okay animatronic and the men turn
circling a hand-cranked
provided the animatronic party stay
around the side provide refinement time
we make sure that it's real on our fatty
hi not sure the animatronic devices
remain fake file or the fake break after
this is there this yes go back eight
click and then go right there and then
first at this oh now wait and then press
exit there is there's what there we go
now it's finished once we go to the
camera
Oh Mario
hello
hello
does go away
whose maloom boy he's a scary guy yeah
he's a he's a guy who holds balloons
like any other like it's like a little
kid like an idol okay
trifling go back
then and now
ventilation techne guy tucker okay now
try this
I don't get it didn't you just die did I
what did your bit why are you going
woman keep going whoa I think I need to
restart my heart mommy how was it huh it
wasn't what I thought but I wasn't gonna
get scared and I was scared I was
terrifying that was a crazy stare you
you are you are the queen of jump-scares
like when I see his jumps here I just go
will you play that game again um what do
you think I think I need a nightlight I
think you need to change your pain
