what you want for breakfast pancakes
will make it pancakes all right let's
make some designs okay today we're gonna
have pancakes we're gonna make them
really simple we're gonna add some water
and mix but we are gonna be making some
designs I'm gonna try a princess dress
I'm gonna try a Minecraft block a
Minecraft boss good luck cam cam cam
okay we need one cup of the mix as you
can see I don't really measure oh but
all right measure enough now we have the
mix and throw in some water I think I'm
going to go one cup of mix and like one
big heaping cup of mix and 1 cup of
water messy what happens make an iPhone
boom yeah okay you turn it off oh he's
gonna be good you guys'll be really
really careful isn't half as hot okay do
not try this at home without your
parents helping you oh if you do it
without adult supervision you make it
Berg's very careful I think we have a
good consistency here I think it's all
right I think it's time to start making
some pancakes here's the syringe oh
there is yeah so this is what we're
using to make the designs so when the
monkeys are sick and we gotta get
medicine we give to them in this syringe
but don't worry we wash them yes super
clean
well we're feeding ourselves are not
feeding anybody so even if they had a
little bit of penicillin in it
then you get pancakes with penicillin
you're gonna make a Minecraft block
grass block we've never done this before
I figured using a syringe
I guess not in the food channel one time
and I was making designs the focus he's
focused gotta do some snapchat well we
YouTube are you getting excited
yes excited oh I think it's time for you
to to flip it the ends oh okay
very nice it's burning so you better
better speed it up there boy
no slicker to slick today by the way I
just woke up no slick it is slick when
we got daylight savings time which is
more like daylight blues Eden's time
because I lost an hour and I'm gonna
miss it
time for the flippety-flip oh is that a
money is that minecraft lock yeah here
it'll be a virgin when that burn okay so
we have a burnt Minecraft block actually
I'm not gonna do it cuz I'm gonna take
care of it okay I'm gonna try to make
myself so can you make it wait yeah I
can make an iPhone feed okay that's a
Minecraft lock is it kind of I guess I
know you can call it my god right and
that's not chocolate that's burnt but it
let's say it's chocolate yeah yeah yeah
okay that's a Minecraft block with
chocolate designs yeah
whoa you're doing it like perfectly not
starting to be a little four-door I
wonder
oh and we have to put apps well with
that tiny little square apps by oh I
don't know if I could do that but okay
this is gonna have two apps per row it
doesn't look very nice yeah they get the
fill it not that it also looks like a
Minecraft block like I like it yeah what
I like it you like it okay what's next
now I'm gonna try to make a princess
dress just like a little princess over
here don't me to make a little princess
dress sure it is a princess revenge I
can make a little princess dress oh yeah
are you have a onesie under your
princess dress who are you wearing
uh uh on Elsa's coronation day oh oh no
ha coronation day that's my princess
voice by the way
no we're going full-on princess I'm
gonna do her head - okay this is her
head and her bun that's her bun okay so
she has a hat on now now she's a
princess with a hat on can't forget the
slippers does that look like a princess
looks more like I'm an elf with um a
tall elf with a dress Zelly big a
princess yeah yeah a princess with an
elf hat and some elf slippers hey what
do you guys think does it look like a
princess or does it look like an elf
maybe it's an elf princess and now it's
time for the flippin time for the
flippin would you like to do the honors
sir yes sir okay do it up the princess
princess pancake the princess pancake
dance pretty good fit for the pan
now it's time for the regular pancakes
there's that pour let's see the poor
face oh there's a nice bowl there's I'm
Madden s poor fit be very careful
everybody when you're making the poor
face and you're making pancakes it's
very hot you do not want to burn your
hands and you know how to flip it it
flip look at the flip of the wrist or
the flick of the wrist but look at the
flippity flip flippity flippity flip
yeah it's a master flipper right there
Maki the mess of flipper can you flip
the way the monkey flips flip it and
flip Oh master flipper
sit sit sit okay let's pay attention
these pancakes we want them to burn oh
look at heat mm-hmm hey hey hey Miranda
I'm sorry I don't think we have enough
pancakes for you quince you don't know
anything gave me this opening will you
go me would you say many babies with me
I'm sorry Miranda we don't have any
pancakes for you it's not it's not you
it's just we didn't have enough batter
for pancakes
don't worry don't do that when you'll be
so mean hmm where's your lipstick
Miranda am I supposed am i mistaken in
the morning what day is it it's like for
you I'm sorry Miranda
she'll be do you want a banana or apple
or something
no am I going I'm just gonna throw say
you're gonna toss it basically that's
that's every day that's what we do every
day we just just do that pretty much
betting the table just setting the table
for pancakes
yes give it about bibimbap princess I
present to you in pancake do you like
pancakes
oh no no no no
who needs nice these days one thing we
learned today is that we are no pancake
designers Thank You Baker you are a
pennies a pancake maker and a pancake
flipper and you are a great pancake
supervisor little monkey yeah but we are
no pancake designers we cannot design a
pancake unless it's a nice big fat
circle can I have one more pocket and
you just hung up on me
yeah
aha
