am i vlogging yeah I think so
I think so yeah I am this is our new
vlogging camera guys okay I promise
we're gonna be vlogging a lot more so
first thing I want to do is post behind
the scenes of one of our most recent
vines the what is IKR mean I know right
yeah did you have fun doing that one
yeah okay
so here you go some behind the scenes of
that one alright and we're rolling okay
ready this IKr me no right no I'll find
out oh I forgot to say I know I know it
do you want to do the phone call one you
let me do the phone call one first okay
let's try that one first okay you go
ahead
what's IKR me I know ray no no it one
hey but what is IKr me
what's IKR me I know right no no it's
long hello hey where's the IKr minx
we're gonna go with the I know and then
we can I do this
yeah actual trouble want you to go
you're watching dudes what's IKr mean I
know right no no it's hello hey where's
the IKr be good now it's trying this
practice it's so funny you're like yeah
you really this is what you do I know
right okay
and then so this won't be a phone call
one there so just give me a hot oh I'll
find out I'll let you know when I find
out what I care me nobody know I'll let
you know want to find out wait can we do
one more of the other one and then phone
cutter yep
what's IKR me I know right no I'll let
you know when I find out that's good
okay don't go on okay with IKr me no no
oh wait oh yeah you know it's no no
who's IKr me no right no no it's hey but
where's IKR me okay good can I just do
this yeah yes yes that's perfect
yes this IKr me I know right no it's
hello hey where's the IKr me yeah y'all
ha ha
