Bonjour hello hola Bonjour my Saba
come on Saba we're waiting for the other
monkey to come out of Taekwondo class so
we're killing some time and just want to
say sorry we haven't been vlogging as
much lately but that'll change we're
going to try posting a little bit a
little bit more frequently so my
daughter here wanted to vlog so we're
vlogging what do you want to say is
there anything you want to talk about
that's it that's all you want to say
okay come over here come over here why
don't we don't we what do we talk about
let's see what's a good that's a good
vine from the past week that we that we
made my lunch monitors our followers
your lunch monitors our followers yet
they like they like the rollin down the
street and my big wheel sippin on apple
juice yeah that was that was funny like
that one warm that was awesome
everyone liked your voice at the end
which was awesome you did a really good
job in that one and um yeah that was
that was real she hit that note really
well she doesn't have a lot of shouldn't
have any singing background she just
sings at home but maybe we should put
you in some singing classes what do you
think 21 sitting in classes no why our
eye on yeah but you can you can have a
teacher that could help you sing even
better if you want or nightcap Claire's
music teacher comes to her house yes Wow
the keys no more keys flying yeah all
right
well is that it that's all you want to
talk about yeah this is gonna be a
really boring blob so I'm blob it's
gonna be a boring blob that's what it is
gonna be able sunlights killing me lolly
it can be a boy blob so don't just
subscribe so don't subscribe because
it's a boring this is a boring blog even
though it down low too slow even though
you're my Joe Pikul will do okay well
make a little bit more interesting all
beatbox and you could freestyle but
alright ready kik go freestyle with the
watches oh you see that son alright
ready
Oh get over there that's okay that's
okay
don't you want it's going who's busy
working this Suns the Sun I love the Sun
will keep the Sun in the shop get ready
I'll do the beatbox and you go ahead and
and okay oh oh yo my name is Rob ah I
like my job okay sorry Oh yo my name is
Rob and I like my job I have a best
friend named Bob you're my name is Rob I
have nothing to do have you ever had a
time when you gonna make up a crime that
didn't rhyme you want to do a Kiko
freestyle all freestyle can you drop a
beat oh yeah you know what I can't do it
no okay I'll do a better one I'm just
joking I was just joking I'm not a very
good freestylers oh I can't do that okay
well this was a super exciting vlog okay
promise we're gonna make it more
interesting
good to put a good plot to plot to plot
to book okay
say bye say bye in different languages
um ciao ciao
what is that when it's noches that's
good morning good night good night okay
um and your Nessie oh that's Korean I
don't know if that's hello or goodbye in
your language say hello and goodbye in
the comments below in the comments below
Nokomis oat and the son says bye bye
