whoa whoa
save it for the arena camp so today we
are going to be making G mu robots and a
big shout out to you V Tech for
sponsoring this video right here I have
the Builder bot series overdrive kit and
I have the mythical serious unicorn bot
kit I like unicorns when they said that
I should make a unicorn bot video I was
like heck yes so this is funny because
you can build your robot program the
actions and then code the sequences the
G mu app is free so you can just
download the app and control your robot
by your phone and guys you don't have to
build what's on the front you can build
your own creations too so if you're a
kid that's eight plus then you can code
and build and play with your robot here
I have a unicorn and I really want to
make a unicorn so I'm gonna make a
unicorn let's do some unboxing let's go
this is so like satisfying when you open
it guys it's just like it's so clean
it's like a flipping open a cardboard
box I have my tape and stuff no no so
we've got the the boxes here let's open
these
these things look so officer all pieces
in my unicorn bought kit it contains
SKUs new legends are back several
million let me know that when I write
one for a sensor infrared light what is
connectivity needs a box one USB cable
protector I don't really know what any
of this means but let's build and so the
instructions don't actually come in box
you have to get the app and the
instructions are in the app so let's go
so right now I am building my robot
using the G move robot app hey you're
losing your stuff this is great because
you can actually have a whole family
involved so I like building so if you
guys anything help with anything let me
know
thank you thank you
I thought my dozer ba and I got my
unicorn BOTS that's what you're up
against
let me show you how this is done so on
the app you have different things you
can build it so that's how you build it
those controls actions and coding for
the actions we're just gonna go on
actions because we want to make this
unit block dance and there's different
facial expressions like happy shy angry
so let's look at what cheer looks like
yo my horn is gonna fit I like go into
your robot ro oh it's just a little pig
this is just a little taste of what
might happen whoa whoa save it for the
arena camp
now we got the challenge ladies and
gentlemen so this challenge guys it's
going to be BOTS vs. bought the one and
only finale here we have the unicorn bot
looking very pretty and as you can see
mr. boo oh she's giving you the L
already can I put it in a little in a
little folder Oh
oh my goodness both kids have programmed
their BOTS
and are now ready for battle who's ready
for battle
ladies and gentlemen a brother versus
sister in the butt a battle we have
unicorn BOTS and we have those are my
hot dozer BOTS laughs those are but all
right guys are you ready this is gonna
be best two out of three is right here
now like that the best water building
but battle round one in three two one go
oh my god
Brown's new middle thus for your buck
battle in are you what are you are you
programming it all right in three two go
oh oh you know give it back no the
champion of the brother/sister box
battle mr. B congratulations sir
all is good everything snapped back oh
yeah awesome all right guys that's the
end of the video thank you so much for
watching thank you so much
you VTEC for sponsoring this video if
you guys want to check this out we'll
leave some links down below so thank you
guys can babies get your own and maybe
we'll have a better and I'll still win
this I am the fire champion fire
champion thanks for watching
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little theme will pop up and use
it to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said is my radio voice bye
