I don't appreciate you hanging and
stuffing the minions for your pleasure
did you know GRU loves it when the beat
drops here we go girls watch the beat
rush oh I didn't know crew is a fan of
Bruno Mars - ah that is what you are as
you are my golden star singers Runa my
wife says I sound like grew in the kids
fight stop arguing like mad in the
garbage monograph it is hold on minions
we're going home making the way downtown
minions fast I'm driving fast and I
don't know the words to this song yes hi
what could I have that completely does
not destroy my lower intestines how cold
is it outside
crucify a hip-hop to call me pig fuck
fuck throw your hands in the air like
you I came in like a wrecking ball
apparently if there's a thing now to
leave empty cartons inside the fridge
GRU buys coffee I would like to order
ten thousand four hundred small lattes
please your dog's constant barking it
makes me want to put it on the video
large catapult my wife says I sound like
grew when I have road rage apparently
you got your driver's license from a
cereal box
