give me a little bit of the sound than
that Conway who cares no big deal
nothing's perfect oh that's the topic of
the night the nail on the head
everything's everything's fake nothing's
perfect nothing is real everything you
see is the magic trick
it's not it's not all fake but mama B
we're gonna talk about something very
important today what is it well it's the
Mental Health Awareness Month and
because of that we want to spit fresh
truth because it's been a while since we
spit fresh truth we want you to know
that you can come here for your daily
dose of fresh truth oh yeah oh yeah
that's the thing we balance it out we
don't always want to just be doing slime
and gummies and and trendy things we
want to do educational videos so this is
why we sit down we talk
I remember how many people stopped us
actually to tell us how much they
appreciated our dear Logan Paul video
yes and so I said you know what let's do
a video for mental health because I have
been in the depths of darkness and I
know what that feels like and learned a
few things on how to get out so what I
wanted to talk about was the fact that
there are a lot of people out there
suffering they're suffering mentally
emotionally they don't know what to do
or how to help themselves they don't
know how to improve I think that one of
the biggest reasons why people in
general are so sad and so depressed in
our world is because their it sense of
self is external and so what that means
is that you are watching people
constantly on your phone and in the real
world and you are basing your self-worth
on what you see other people do for what
you don't realize is that a lot of those
people are living doing fake lies
they're living figure like when you see
it on Instagram and see these photos
they're overproduced they have
photographers they're trying to show off
obviously their best self so they have
the perfect lighting the best
photographer but not true self but not
true self it took me forever just to get
the right lighting here just so that
this video can look sort of half decent
but it's not perfect we always want to
treat
high-quality video but we also want to
be real with you guys so you you will
see a lot of things on the internet
where people are just living these
perfect lives and driving these
imperfect cars will endure these people
you adore them like the comments I love
you so much you have no idea who these
people really are what do they stand for
they don't stand for anything and
they're making tons and tons of money
and not really getting back or doing
anything with it right you keep this
adoration for these people who if you
listen to them get an interview
Wow oh my god yeah you can put a few
sentences together they can't yeah we
can we say the name you know we can't
see you can see you you'll know them
when you see them so but you guys know
this though nothing that we are saying
is a surprise you know that if you adore
these people with 23 30 million
followers on Instagram and they have
these massive audiences the only reason
that they're famous is cuz they're
beautiful but it's all fake nothing is
natural there's no natural beauty and as
soon as they open their mouth it's like
oh wow and they don't stand for anything
they don't contribute anything back to
you and so you are measuring yourself
compared to something that's not real
right and so that's where the darkness
comes in because you tell yourself I'm
not good enough I will never have what
that person has I will never drive a
Lamborghini and have ten Rolexes and all
this nonsense you are not being true to
who you are and you're not being
compassionate with who you are and it's
ok not to be perfect you're not supposed
to be perfect but you are supposed to be
true to who you are inside and that is
the only way in this lifetime that you
will find true joy is when you are who
you really are inside of you that person
not what you see Joe Blow doing right I
always look at someone's account or
someone in social media I look at them
and I think are you posting to show off
or are you posting you teach something
the job the power stance the the fake
what is it the fake bags about to open
the the Lamborghini that you actually
don't own
those those types of things that you see
right when you see someone that you
follow ask yourself know is that person
famous for showing off or is that person
famous for teaching you something for
really inspiring you about something
very specific
right because you see the big houses you
see the big cars you see all the
beautiful things and you wonder is that
is that why I'm following this person or
am I actually learning something from
this or is it just because I want to
have these like nice things
the people who have something really
important to say in this world are not
the ones with the big following hmm
isn't that so insane I noticed that
because you see a lot of people focused
on just humanitarian work and they don't
have Melinda le Melinda Gates doesn't
happen how many followers does Melinda
Gates have four thousand likes
she has three hundred and eight thousand
followers Melinda Gates should have
three hundred and eight million
followers seeing because of the things
that she's done for women and girls
around the world people in general right
but this is what she does applause she
doesn't floss Mellon to get Bill Gates
his wife she doesn't floss you know what
floss is right I'm not talking about
this I'm talking about Melinda Gates
could probably fly an invisible private
jet and post down Instagram right
Melinda Gates her house is probably the
size of the city that we live in and she
could probably floss that and get 300
million followers but she doesn't she
focuses on other issues getting back
giving back putting it forward right so
she could do that nicely no audience
what does Kim Kardashian what's your
audience they portray a lifestyle that
people want so it's just a focus on
perfection and it's all material things
it's all produced nothing is real it's
just the show right you know this
already
everybody has their ups and their downs
no matter what that's what life is life
is going to be beautiful life is going
to be horrible and it's true and so
anyone feeding you the notion that
happiness is a choice or you can be
happy every day
is complete nonsense you cannot be happy
every single day of your life that is
not true but it depends on how you
recover from those downs
do you blame everyone around you and do
you play the victim or do you get back
up dust yourself off learn from what
happened and keep going and celebrate
the great times survive the bad times
and surround yourself with positivity
surround yourself with people who add
value to your life who you are not
measuring up against someone that's like
living this fake online life you are
buying into it and you're consuming it
you are consuming fakeness and that is
where the trouble comes in and in this
day and age where this generation it's
all about perfection so about digital
it's if it's about access it's not about
one-on-one human interactions in the or
it's just about like one-to-many and
let's just take this all in
look it's not your forms and let's just
scan through the beauty let's scan
through the perfection and it's not a
hundred percent it's not it's not even
the Met Gala oh the Met Gala let's
rephrase this I don't understand if they
had donated all that money that they
spent on those dresses you want to talk
about art right isn't that what the
Wi-Fi is it's about art true art would
be you guys donating all that money to
feed children around the world that are
starving that would have been art not a
bunch of people wearing these dresses
that are ridiculous and make no sense
are offensive to certain cultures to
Senegal Asians in many religions later I
was really offended by that and it's
like why and people love it people
wildly Blake Lively
she's fantastic I love her but like
really but there was a part where Shawn
Mendes was fixing someone's dress and it
was like the big news and I'm sure Shawn
Mendes is a great guy no district like I
love Shawn Mendes guys I mean it came
from vine amazing but to be the main
talk of the news by fixing someone's
dress on a red car walking around it
because you don't want to step on it
you're still you're supposed to walk
around you're supposed to do that for
that to be the biggest news that's
that's crazy
but we eat it up either distractions do
you see how you're focusing on complete
and total nonsense around you instead of
doing work on yourself and figuring out
how to achieve happiness and your best
life
be strong be be conscious of what you're
doing every single moment of the day and
don't be fooled into following these
people that are living this illusion as
long as you're aware that it's an
illusion that there is more to see than
just that illusion that we follow on
social media then then we're gonna be
okay but we have to see deeper we have
to go deeper just like the challenge can
be no video this is America okay so that
was a very very powerful video it really
depicts what we're all going through now
is that we're distracted by the show and
we forget about everything that's around
us in behind us so the whole point of
this video is to really bring out the
fact that yes we understand that there's
a show but let's not forget there's a
bigger more important show happening
behind it that we need to focus on a
tremendous amount of suffering and pain
needless pain and suffering that really
can be eliminated if we are all happy on
the inside and we can all be happy
together right and so instead of buying
these 50 million dollar dresses for the
Met Gala hey how about we do some great
stuff for other people on the other side
of the planet right it can go to a great
cause
Lumos mama B's the LUMO
ambassador I am ambassador to boo most
Lumos as a charity founded by JK Rowling
the author that we loved she wrote books
for children and she is protecting
children around the world she's
protecting 8 million orphans to make
sure that they have a voice that they
have not been forgotten and so I am so
excited to be traveling together with
them it's my first time in Africa and so
they're gonna show me firsthand what has
worked the children that they've saved
and how much work still needs to be done
and so I can't wait to take you guys
along with me on that journey please if
you can I would love for these love
missions that I go on on behalf of these
orphans if we can all contribute to
Lumos and show them that we support them
and the work that they're doing here's
the link to Lumos and I'm also gonna
link in the description down below if
you guys want to find out more
information and donate and follow along
mama B's gonna be traveling the world so
you gotta follow her on Instagram real
photos real photos they might not be
they might not be perfect but they're
gonna be real photos no I'm not gonna
wear a very fancy dress no I'm gonna
give children lots of hugs yes who may
not have been hugged in a very long time
yes and also on our live streams we do a
lot of gaming on Sundays and on our live
streams we donate all the Super chats to
charity so stay tuned for that because
we'll be donating to Lumos I will be
donating to all kinds of causes to help
the children of the world so thank you
guys we just wanted to sit back and just
talk about this it's so important to
talk about everything that we've talked
about today because I know that there
are a lot of kids whose parents don't
talk to them like that
and so we want to know what's on your
mind what's in your heart what would you
like for us to talk about what do you
want to know more about what do you want
to learn because we know a lot of stuff
but if we feel like people are not
listening that we're not gonna share it
right but if you want to know more let
us know because we love doing these
talks we love talking to you guys the
same way we talk to our kids and it's
always with the best intention and we
want you guys to join us in what we're
doing around the world the good work
that we're doing in humanitarian we want
you to
feel bad it feels so good when you have
a bigger purpose than just watching
these fake people live these fake lives
on social media when you are committing
your life to something bigger than
yourself that's when you really start to
feel joy in your life it makes us happy
to share the real moments with you guys
so much
let us know in the comments yeah what
would you like us to discuss what would
you like us to make a video about let us
know guys we're listening we love you
guys we'll see you again mama B I'm
proud of you I love you
we're going to be careful with the
public display of affection we love you
guys we'll see you later
boos look it I'm gonna I'm gonna kiss
mama B now so in the book what it was we
love you guys thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribing Lee to
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice
