this video is sponsored and approved by
Nintendo when Nintendo contacted us and
said hey you want to work with us and
unbox the Nintendo lab Oh what do we say
yeah yes yes absolutely so today we're
gonna get our first hand look at the
Nintendo level I don't have the box so
weird you cannot imagine it oh kidding
I'm kidding it's right here the Nintendo
level right here it's in our hands we
got it do you want to do the honors of
unboxing this okay all right
in this Nintendo lab oh we have the toy
con RC car the toy con motorbike the toy
con house toy con piano and the toy con
fishing rod there's all kinds of stuff
you can do here monkey I'm covering your
face but I'm so excited are you ready to
unbox this yeah oh my goodness here we
go okay this takes it beyond just
playing video games this is making
playing and sky's discovery think about
that guys you're gonna pop out these
little pieces you're gonna create your
own creations and then you're gonna play
you can do anything you want virtually
pretty much all right monkey are you
excited I'm boxes I'm talking too much
it's gonna open it ready yes
Oh landed on my fingers let's get this
open it's very beautifully designed on
the interior here we have the Nintendo
level toy conver ayat e kits game when
it open the box you have so many things
so these are all of the sheets that you
can use and it also comes
the bag of accessories - for the toy
concretions I've never actually really
done this before with cardboard and
Nintendo switch so I'm so excited so the
one that sparks my my interests ation
right now is the Nintendo lab toy clone
artisan car this is indeed the software
for the Nintendo switch look at that
where is welcome to Nintendo lab oh the
place of intrigue the look on his face
reminds me of that time in 1985 when I
first got my Nintendo it's great for
when you're building cuz usually you'd
put something on your phone as you're
building it's great like you got your
beat saying you got your new Tendo beat
it looks like a funky music ever the RFC
car and the controller is done
so when you press the red joke on the
red action joy controlled vibration
so so far mr. beam made the toy con RC
car next up we're gonna make the toy con
motorbike mama B is particularly excited
about the toy con fishing rod you ready
for this all right let's do this all
right okay let's see the toy con
motorbike first this comes in eight
sheets so all the pieces are in these
sheets here now what I like about
Nintendo lab o is that we get to build
stuff together and enjoy and create
together I've never built a motorbike
before alright together let's go the
popping sounds my favorite another cool
thing with Nintendo lab o is you can
actually use the instructions to move
around so that you know everywhere
around the creation so this is the
finished product right now it looks very
cool if you want to customize your toy
con motorbike you can color the
headlights you do all kinds of cool
stuff so now wanna play wanna try it out
yeah let's try it on
well you can move like this if you go up
you can do a wheelie and I fell off the
truck
so you have your own arcade game now I
know you're all set yes first place
let's get the Familia let's go
downstairs it have some fun alright
alright we put together all the other
toy con creations so we're gonna go
downstairs now and we're gonna get mama
B and Miss B or gonna have some fun you
ready take challenges alright let's go
fishing let's play some piano there's a
toy con house let's go
whoa this is so satisfying that like
buzz need a pass everybody lose and it's
so cool yeah technology this is so again
I don't even know how to explain it how
this just turns and it follows it like
what is the science behind that first
way
okay so that's our creature yep and you
can control this creature inside your
toy con house how all of the water left
it's nighttime right now and now it's
daytime there we go
Oh your feed your creature put that
there and then you put this on here
we're gonna be going this on here he
warps it under and oh that's really cool
and then for this one it's like a faucet
so I can flood the house ready 1 3 2 1
I'm turning on the faucet yep now how
this is gonna play it and you can move
it around so you can interview normally
and you can play little mini games -
yeah when I was a kid what kind of toys
did you have when you were kid you had a
piece of cedar I had a tennis ball ok
she literally had a piece of cardboard
but it didn't care it wasn't attached to
something like this that's 6 hours later
we're gonna play with another toy con
sorry monkeys you know play a song for
us so an IR motion cameras in here and
as you can see these little tabs that it
tracks playing the piano so it knows the
right songs to make oh my goodness okay
so you guys are playing the piano right
now the Joey Como controller is
vibrating to the sound please have you
popped it and that's gonna give you the
grandpa that's the regular grumpy
grandpa
grumpy grandpa all right what's next
guys what's next okay mama be fishing
all right so now real backwards to go
down and then when you feel like a
vibration which means they're nibbling
pull up well I want to go really deep
because I heard that the deeper you go
the bigger this whoa okay and now among
these fishing the depths of the ocean
creature you know what it's day
what are you drinking matcha green tea
let's get you a short moment like this
behind it honey
this is insane maybe you're fishing Oh
with a cardboard real you're literally
sitting here fishing right now okay
and that fish is going to the aquarium
in your Nintendo switch oh you've got
yourself a fish how's your teeth it's
good I'm enjoying it thanks for asking
okay here's the battle brother versus
sister three two one go see mr. B's
going after
that's doing a three best to degree okay
there you go
this should be one the first round here
we go
oh okay it's a tie for all the marbles
all right
power good job and speaking Travis me
miss be one that one I want to challenge
mama be 3 2 1 go my country my stomach
eBay there's a little felt there's a
little press the phone's a little fellas
like hy there's a little fella Nintendo
switchbacks ready full effect ok ready 3
2 1
the game all matter what happens I love
you guys
oh my goodness good job good job
all of my friends and my family who
supported me during this battle we've
come all across the seas and the
countries and the continents and the
cities and the towns and the
neighborhoods we've gone fishing we've
gone taking care of what random
creatures in random houses I don't even
know piano Pia we've played piano sang
with Grandma learning with grandfather's
and cats and the choir to come to the
stadium today and we all celebrated by
my victory thank you guys for watching
if you like this video please give it a
thumbs up and if you want to see any
challenges down the road leave a comment
down below thank you so much to Nintendo
for sponsoring this video guys I'm gonna
leave some details down below so you
guys can check out more information on
Nintendo level thank you guys again we
love you and we'll see you again soon
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you've haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribes
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
