because you're dropping the knowledge
hammer today oh and we're spitting fresh
truth okay I'll put this back
so recently we posted a picture on
Instagram and a lot of people liked it
and we got a lot of questions and it's
this one that one
it was the if you don't love me at mine
then you don't deserve me at mine so
that kind of like worst and best yeah
you don't love me at my worst then you
don't deserve me at my best which it
wasn't the worst but definitely we
weren't in the healthiest stage of our
life mmhmm yeah before kids why is it so
important for us to talk about this
picture and what it means and how we got
there everybody wants to know how did
you go from A to B and so for us we want
to do more than just entertain you we
want to inspire you because we've
learned so much in life that we want to
just share with you we want to share
with you what we've learned because we
want you to live a healthy life I mean
how many times are we going to really
tell you that has not been repeated
billions and billions of times already
that you need to eat fruits and
vegetables you need to eat whole foods
you need to eat raw foods you need to
watch your calorie intake you would need
to watch how much fried food you eat you
can't eat pizza and pasta every single
day you need to be moving you have to
exercise you have to sweat you got to
get your heart rate up food and exercise
go hand-in-hand so find something that
you love to do to move whether it's yoga
whether it's running whether it's going
to the gym for us it's CrossFit if you
don't have the money that's not an
excuse there's a lot of stuff you can do
at home Google exercising at home no
equipment and I'm sure there's tons of
stuff that you can find I think that for
us this comes down more to choices that
people make at the end of the day we can
create an endless amount of videos
telling you what to eat what not to eat
how to exercise we can do exercise
videos and you guys still comment saying
I'm watching this as I mean
a bag of chips which we eat chips we
love chips in moderation we will have a
movie night on Friday and we'll each
have our giant bag of chips I like my
sweet and salty I like my kettle corn I
love my plain ruffled chips give it all
in moderation balance really what this
all comes down to is making better
choices and being the architect of your
life so the choices that you make today
are going to predict the future that
you're going to have tomorrow if you
don't like the situation that you're in
now probably you've made some decisions
two three four years ago that I've
gotten you to where you are now now mind
you this is not for children we're
really talking to the adults because
they are the ones who make the decisions
in the home so the kids are not the ones
who go and buy the groceries and they're
not the ones who sit in a restaurant and
order the chicken nuggets and the fries
and the macaroni and cheese and there's
not a single vegetable in the chocolate
sundae pecan pie and then the giant soda
yeah and then the lemon meringue pie we
were on a road trip once and for
breakfast it was 9:30 in the morning and
there was a baby sitting at the next
table this baby must have been like a
year and a half old max two years old
and the mom had coca-cola for the baby
dad that's the same the baby was
drinking soda and 9:30 in the morning so
obviously that's not the baby's choice
that's the mother making poor decisions
for her child probably because she
didn't make the choices for herself the
correct choices drop that hammer mama B
what I would like to see actually is for
people to come to the realization that
it takes willpower it takes a tremendous
amount of willpower to have more inner
strength and it doesn't matter on what
your external stimulus is you can see a
dozen donuts I love Donuts I go crazy
for Donuts but I know that if I have a
donut today it probably won't have
another donut for a while you have to
have so much willpower so much desire
inside of you to live your best life to
be strong to be healthy that it doesn't
matter what's out there right because
there's always going to be temptation oh
and people don't like to get
uncomfortable people want what's easy
they don't want to take risks
they don't want to take chances they
don't want to walk into the gym and be
the new person they make excuses they
make a tremendous amount of excuse it's
too windy it's too rainy it's too sunny
it's too hot hurts my legs hurt my
doggies hurt my dog bit my toes it's too
early I got a strong stuck up my nose it
can't work out today and so so how can
you grow and how can you tolerate more
if you don't get uncomfortable in your
life that's what life is about life is a
journey
the purpose is the process if you're
taking it easy the whole entire way
through if you're not getting
uncomfortable if you're not holding
something like you're holding plank and
your body is shaking and you're
trembling and you're holding it because
there's no way you can it's ten seconds
left and you're holding it that's how
you grow that's how you get stronger and
better is by consistently challenging
yourself first I'll use pink kettlebells
and then I'll do the blue kettlebells
and then I'll graduate to the yellow
throat kettlebells and it's about
setting benchmarks today I'm gonna do
this tomorrow I'm gonna go a tiny bit
more then I'm gonna go a little bit more
and eventually you've achieved your
goals right you gotta crawl before you
walk
you gotta walk before you run but the
key is that you end up going you keep
moving you know moving forward it's
about not being stuck where you are and
making the same choices over and over
again and living the same life over and
over again so I truly believe that it's
not about our upbringing with the
parents that we had no it's about
realizing what you need to do and doing
it stop putting it off stop making
excuses stop with the victim mentality
who's being affected by the choices that
you make well you are affecting your
life you're affecting your health you
are affecting really your happiness
because I remember when I was 80 pounds
heavier and I would walk upstairs and I
would get to the top and I was huffing
and puffing and I was sweating
you were always so I was always greasy
oh my goodness I sweat all the time you
would go bowling and you would sweat all
over the place
I'd take a nap and I'd be sweating think
about what kind of role model you're
being to your children at home and so
what aren't they seeing at home are they
seeing you make the healthy choices are
seeing you have balance so yes today
we're gonna order pizza we're gonna have
chicken wings
but then let's take it easy for the next
few days we're gonna make some soup
we're gonna have maybe some chicken and
some salad we're gonna have vegetables
we're gonna make stir-fry I think that
for children especially if we are going
to really take care of the next
generation making sure they're not obese
that they're healthy that they're isn't
getting physical education let's start
being the role models that they need and
at the same time we're making our lives
better right right you have more energy
more energy to have fun more energy to
play the the day's lasts longer when you
have more energy to do things right you
get up early in the morning work out go
for a run do jumping jacks do push-ups
do sit-ups run around in circles for
half an hour whatever it is get moving
and it's also about dedicating time to
yourself and that's another good lesson
to teach your children is if you
dedicate half an hour an hour to
yourself you are going to see what a
difference that makes in your outlook
your outlook in life you're gonna be
happier you're gonna feel more fulfilled
you're going to have time for yourself
to actually process right your day
process your goals set a healthy mindset
you will be just amazed at how much
better you feel how much happier you are
at home you're gonna become a better
spouse a better parent
I like the jog if you don't like the jog
you can go on your bike if you don't
have a bike go for a walk put on
headphones listen to an audio book let's
do a podcast listen to your favorite
music and just think about the date even
if it's just for half an hour then it
becomes a habit and once it becomes a
habit your body starts asking for it
your body wants more so you condition
your body to now want to eat healthy too
now want to move around after about 90
days of doing something new or doing
something it becomes a habit really it's
about making the decision that I don't
want to feel like this anymore and I
don't want to get ill I don't want to
get sick I don't want to get diabetes I
don't want to get all these illnesses
that they're preventable that are so
preventable if they're just aware of
their choices that they're making
don't be so conditioned into you seeing
food and you inhale it instead of having
one chocolate bar you have ten chocolate
bars control yourself
find that inner strength that willpower
to say I'm not doing this because it's
not good
for me so instead I'm gonna do this and
when you start to see the progress
you'll never go back when you become an
adult and this is not for children
because obviously you're you act like
children because you are children you're
finding about the world around you
you're asking questions so this is not
meant for the children out there this is
for the adults adults who don't take
responsibility for themselves for their
lives they're not accountable they're
not tapping into their inner wisdom
their inner intelligence you know what
you need to do but you don't want to put
it into effect it's because you are
listening to your inner child inside all
of us we have an inner child we have an
inner adult and an inner parent so
imagine that the inner adult is in the
driver's seat so this is the person that
is focused that is goal-oriented knows
where they're going they're in the
driver's seat
then there's the inner parent in the
copilot seat and the inner parent is
there telling you okay now be careful up
ahead there's a pothole okay yeah we've
been here before you know what to do
here you're doing a great job
uh-huh okay that's great then you have
the inner child mmm the inner child is
in the back seat imagine a
three-year-old the inner child is like I
want to go home where are we going I'm
tired what's these fast food I don't
like this anymore
I feel sick everyone's looking at me
when you are an adult and you are
listening to your inner child that is
when you are making the worst decisions
because children haven't developed that
common sense yet to say okay I need to
eat fruits and vegetables I need to
drink eight glasses of water a day I
need to do exercise because kids are
kids they don't have that foresight to
look at the bigger picture and so when I
see adults eating these massive meals
three times a day instead of more
balanced meals
yeah that's their inner child that's
taking over saying you know what let's
just do this let's do this I deserve I
deserve this I deserve it I'll be fine
tomorrow tomorrow is another day and
then the next day it's the same thing
your inner child takes over that parent
doesn't take over to say you know what
let's stop let's change it right now
what we need to do let's do what's right
let's do what's right versus what feels
good right because what feels good is
not always what's right I look
notes you have the decision power and
the will to change the direction of your
life at any moment you have an infinite
amount of choices and your life can go
into an infinite amount of directions
imagine your wildest dreams it can
become reality
if you start making the right choices
but you need to take action visualize
yourself feeling better visualize
yourself looking better if you visualize
these parts of your life then you know
what your goal is but what's the
question everyone always asks us but how
do I get started how do I get started do
the way to get started its to get
started we get a lot of questions about
how do I become a youtuber how do you
become a youtuber you hit the upload
button that's how you become a youtuber
how do I start exercising you start
exercising you just start you make a
decision and you go how do I get from
point A to point B well figure it out do
your research and then start moving and
start doing it and if you fail that's
okay it's the people who fail who keep
getting themselves back up chances are
that those are the people they're going
to be very successful in life because
they know what failure is they built
that resistance they've built that
resilience within themselves to say you
know what it's okay I didn't do great
today but tomorrow is a new day and I'm
gonna do even better and I'm gonna get
stronger so we've decided that there are
four measures of success for our family
at least because we want you to know
that the a B family stands for family
values and in those values obviously is
physical health but the first one is
time we think that the most important
thing is time on this earth our lives
are so short in the grand scheme of
things when we really take a look at a
time is precious so don't waste any more
time being in a situation that you don't
want to be in and that can be physically
that can be a situation at work a
situation in your family do something
about it take charge of your life
because time is running out love
obviously love is so important your
health your well-being your mental
health your physical health your
emotional health take charge of those
things if you need help look for a coach
a life coach a physical coach a teacher
whatever it is find someone
can help you that can inspire you and
that can guide you and the last thing is
happiness happiness happiness joy and
peace once you take charge of your life
and you start to make the right
decisions and that becomes your
conditioned reflexes and now you're
living the life that you've always
dreamed of that you never thought was
possible you're healthy you're strong
you're proud of yourself you've achieved
what you wanted you will experience a
tremendous amount of happiness and peace
and just inner fulfillment and joy and
so that's what we want for you guys
because we've we've come to that we have
achieved that and we want to see you
guys achieve that so what's the call to
action call to action get moving get
started just start say no when you
recognize that there's something that
you're gonna do that's wrong maybe your
group of friends gets together and they
drink tons of alcohol and of course
alcohol has a lot of calories and they
eat like really bad stuff on a regular
basis you may want to have a new tribe
you may want to go to a gym and find new
friends that have the same goals as you
do to get healthy to get strong it's
just about being around a circle of
people that are like-minded and have
those same goals that want to do better
and that want to change their lives
a life with meaning a life with meaning
right now if you have decided you want
to change your life first of all we want
to hear about it so can you please
include in the comments what your goal
is and how much time you're giving
yourself to achieve it and how you're
gonna get started we want to know we
want to be a part of it make a list of
things that you need to let go of
unhealthy habits maybe make a list of
the five people that you hang around the
most with not including your spouse and
your kids obviously but who are the five
people that you spend the most time with
is your time and your resources being
best used with those people do you have
a common goal are you like-minded are
you going in the same direction or is
this person maybe dragging you down so
let us know down in the comments guys if
you found this video helpful please give
it a like you can message us on
Instagram on Twitter on YouTube anywhere
we're listening we're here to have
questions ask them down below if you
want more videos like this if you want
to hear more about what we've learned in
life the most valuable
in life take work yes but the reward in
the end that's what it's all about is
the reward you are going to feel so good
and so happy and that you've achieved
whatever your dreams are don't note that
reward I have a reward for you this I
present to you the knowledge hammer of
mama B it's not that hard guys oh I hope
you can find that inner strength inside
of you stop listening to those voices
telling you that you can't do it you can
do it you can do it it so you can do it
we're here to help guys we love you all
Ralph and another tip never make mama be
upset when she's holding a hammer Danny
Danny are you ordering pizza tonight or
what well you don't know how to cook so
Oh I'm just joking I'm just joking you
never thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice
