that's the full experience right there
whoa they're gone we just finished
filming but of course in Papa's regular
nature I ended up getting way too much
of a substance I got 10 pounds of dry
ice 10 pounds 10 pounds dry ice it's
minus 78 degrees Celsius it's really
really cold so I'm gonna get it this is
what 10 pounds of dry ice looks like I
honestly legitimately only needed like
half a pound maybe so this is this is
dry ice
they're like little ice pillow like
little ice pellets but you can't really
getting all up in there I just had a
little piece on my hand and I felt
burning like that much yeah all right
look at that crazy
Wow mommy why don't you get in there try
it
alright what do you think guys that is
cool can you do some in there and summon
the to other six oh yeah I could do that
but it's so good and it's just like it's
ice I'll be really cool nice dry ice Wow
cold to the touch that is so cool
whoa wait time I saw halo so crazy you
can't see inside it's so crazy it's
smell it smell it smell get it it kind
of
in there yeah because it's so cold that
it doesn't ride right the steam doesn't
rise because it's so cold
okay I have an idea we're gonna cover it
be inside the van with dry ice
oh yeah the excited movie all right
let's do it
dude mommy's got her nice boots
everyone's got their nice boots I got my
nice boots and I got my husband and
we're all going outside because I have
way too much dry ice our car with dry
ice no no first we're gonna pour that
water into the dry ice close the door
right with the windows all up let it
pour out let it pour out for maybe five
or ten seconds and then we open all the
door all the windows enjoy yeah yeah
okay let's do it
all right let's let's give it a shot
there it is the dry ice in there not
even all the bags so this is just like
half of the bag all right that's like a
half a bag of dry ice sorry guys oh yeah
yeah yeah okay go three
is it filling up inside you think it's
gonna pour out mommy what do you think
ready guys yeah are you guys ready three
two well it's very windy all right see
because it's so windy yeah maybe do this
but it's super windy
oh here it is there it is look at that
apple juice
let's pour some more in there
ha okay so that's the rest of the ten
pounds right there what you fill up Wow
look at that let's look back to the
future Marva is like I want to go inside
this is what do you think Terry that's
the full experience right there whoa
look at my feet they're gone
ready Oh into my hand it's gone all
right how was that monkey that was so
much fun nice okay that was super fun
but I just wanna let you guys know that
the van had the windows rolled down it
was well ventilated make sure that if
you're playing with dry ice be very
careful have an adult present be very
careful it is very dangerous we had fun
with it but we were very careful that's
all I want to say if you like this video
please give it a thumbs up if you want
to see the other experiments or see
anything crazy from us or if you want to
see any other challenges let us know in
the comments down below
be safe be happy we love you peace
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
is my radio voice bye
