today is a dream come true for me I have
one of my favorite people on this planet
Kati Morton who is a licensed therapist
and we met each other probably about a
year ago yeah as soon as I mentioned I
loved you because what Katie is doing
online is helping people like me who
have survived trauma in their life she's
helping them by talking to them with
different scenarios she's answering
questions from people actual view errs
around the world and so Katie I am so
thrilled to have you in my home thanks
for having me I just I want to say so
many things because I also watched you
with Shane Dawson oh yeah yeah a lot of
people watched I just want to say how
much respect I have for you and what you
guys did and bringing that out to light
so Katie thank you so much for coming
of course vets are having me and it's so
excited to be here we wanted to talk a
little bit about something that's been
bothering me lately and I wanted to get
the advice or opinion of a professional
in what you have seen what you witnessed
and if I'm wrong I want you to tell me
I'm wrong I want you to call me out I
want you to be totally and completely
honest and so one of the things that's
been really bothering me as a mother as
someone who attaches her name to the
YouTube name as a creator I am really
afraid of what's happening with children
online I'm afraid for what parents are
not doing what adults are not doing in
the world to protect children who are in
videos and children who are watching
videos mm-hmm yeah like the whole family
vlogging community yes online I guess
yeah because we live in such a different
world now totally computer must grew up
like there was no YouTube when we were
kids don't you guys kind of do family
vlogging a little bit so we do and
correct me if I'm wrong
no absolutely Katie everyone knows we
started on vine and she was six second
videos a couple of years later we moved
to YouTube because we knew that volume
was on its way yeah on YouTube we kind
of had to find our way as much as
everyone else has it's brand-new
there are no courses to take to become a
youtuber everyone wants to know how do
you go viral if we knew that we would be
good Jillian Aries yeah everybody be
viral every
right not possible and so we started to
put out just videos to make people laugh
and we quickly and immediately saw that
this could actually be a really great
thing or it can actually be the demise
of our family this could actually tear
our family apart because you can easily
go from entertaining and making this
your livelihood to being so obsessed
with numbers with money
yeah with being number one with being
the best with being the top and when
there are children involved and there's
money to be made I think that there are
a lot of people making really bad
decisions well yeah because essentially
you could exploit your child in order to
make more money like for instance like
something I talked about very publicly
on my channel was a daddy of five family
and the fact that they would do these
pranks but they didn't tell the child
and you could see the terror in the
children's faces they would like joke
about one of the children's Sumerian
poop on the wall as a therapist I know
that that means that there's abuse
happening in the home it's one of the
first signs of it along with wetting the
bed and stuff like that children revert
back they call it developmentally
arrested like they're brought back to
being an infant because they don't know
how to process through what's going on
so they can't grow up and move forward
if that makes sense they're kind of like
stuck and so when they talk about that
and laughed about it online
I was not only extremely angry but also
just so sad for that child because
they're taking from them something that
should be sacred childhood you should be
able to grow up you should be able to
goof around at home you should be able
to feel safe in your home I don't think
any of those children felt safe in their
home and so that was my first red flag
of family vlogging maybe not as a whole
is a terrible thing but something needs
to be done we need to be more cognizant
of what's going on or YouTube as a whole
I know that we're all independent
contractors in a way to YouTube but I
feel like there needs to be like some
governing body of some sort or some
rules or regulations in place to protect
children because there's really nothing
and if you ever work like my husband
worked on traditional production for
many years there are so many rules
children can only work for a certain
number of hours and they can only they
have to have school available they're
like a lot
we'll say over there homeschooling their
children and I always think when between
filming and editing and filming again
and doing like when when are they in
school and I always worry that the
ramifications of this we haven't seen
yet but it's coming yeah so what I would
love to see is for YouTube who obviously
is doing very well we all know that they
do very very well and Google does very
well and so why aren't we creating a
group a governing group
let's get psychologists psychiatrists
pediatricians social workers teachers
licensed therapists people with an
education people with a piece of paper
I know education isn't everything but
there is a purpose for people who have
dedicated their lives to learning to
education and protecting children
whatever that looks like so that they
can look at videos together and say hmm
that's not right so maybe we need to
contact that family we need to sit down
with that child do a one-on-one with the
child make sure that they're being
protected because there's the whole the
city should be doing that wherever they
live no they don't know what what's
happening in your well and you don't so
I know that there are different
governing bodies if you know where you
live but in the States
I know the I work personally with Child
Protective Services let's say that I
believe that my aunt is abusing her
children or I believe a patient of mine
is me is being abused and they're under
18 I can call Child Protective Services
and file a report and that's what has to
happen in order for them to come to the
house to check things out but there is
no way for them to monitor content
online that's not what they were created
to do from what I know and if you have
heard something else I'd love for you
let me know in the comments but I've
never heard for any that there are any
changes moving towards them managing or
observing online content from families
and that's why I believe it's more in
the online space YouTube Google Facebook
to to keep an eye on stuff like this
because for instance I'll put out sex
health videos where I talk about what
consent is what assault is what rape is
how do we
he'll all educational not exploitive at
all and yet it will be demagnetized
however Wow and there's nothing I can do
to argue are you kidding me this happens
all the time even like videos to help
people with suicidal thoughts because it
has the word suicide it will never be
monetized so actual useful things that
can actually potentially help a young
woman or a young man not to get sexually
assaulted or someone who has gone
through that sort of trauma to learn how
to heal that education gets demonetized
but you can go online and watch parents
basically exploiting their children to
make money and what do I mean by
exploiting I mean making them film each
and every day I'll tell you right now as
a youtuber children should not be
filming each and every day I can't film
each and every I can I had these I mean
I guess well last night I didn't eat
well I don't have energy I'm in a bad
mood you're allowed to do that because
you're human and because every day we
don't look like this but these kids are
filming each and every day there's girls
being dressed completely inappropriately
young girls hey here's an idea
let's stop showing girls bodies let's
stop sexualizing young children and
young girls and maybe if we also raise
our sons to keep their hands and their
body parts to the salt can you imagine
the world that we would be living in
yeah well that's the thing is that that
stuff's monetizable but an education on
how to heal isn't and it's like that's
where the breakdown is for me to fail
yeah there's the field right there this
is why we need people we need youtube we
need Google we need brands okay come on
it's the money it's the money that's
gonna change things there's no roll out
from stuff like that okay its creators
it's people like us saying come on let's
do something and not is enough and why
do I feel so passionate about this why
do I get so emotional so number one on
my youtube creators for change
ambassador number two why am I so
passionate about this I'm also an
ambassador for Lumos that works to
protect the human rights of children
around the world
there are 8 million orphans probably
more like 12 or 13 million orphans
around the world who don't have a voice
and so Lumos is getting them a voice but
also why am I so passionate about this
Kati is because I suffered trauma as a
child I know the trauma I know when the
people around you are so wrapped up in
their world they fail to recognize that
there is a child in front of them this
open clean slate and all the horrible
decisions that you're making your
writing on them and you're determining
who they become and what they become and
who knows what they could become they
could be the next world changer the next
Dalai Lama but because of your
selfishness and your inability to
protect them you are potentially
destroying a human life psychologically
speaking we know how important
attachment is I talked about it a ton of
my videos children were born to attach
like for instance we know that sucking
and swallowing that's why breastfeeding
bottle singing it soothes our system so
if we're really upset and we feel really
scared that soothes us even toddlers if
you ever had a toddler throwing a
tantrum and you sit them down and if you
could get them to eat or suck on a sucky
candy that their system will calm down
it's like a natural pacifier and so we
know that that is how that works and
that is how we are bonded but if your
parent isn't taking any time to do that
for you to recognize when you're upset
at any age even just taking the time to
sit down with you and let you know it's
okay and that they're there for you and
they come when you cry and they listen
when you speak you don't have a true
sense of self you don't know that you
can count on anybody else it can lead to
various bad decisions and bad life path
everything from seeking out other people
that's what gang activity is very common
and families who both parents have to
work and they're never at home and they
can't be involved kids seek out other
kids to feel like they have a family we
seek attachment we seek interaction with
others and if you're not getting it
positively from the people that are
closest to you you're gonna find
attention elsewhere for better for worse
so it's that nurturing environment
it's knowing that the people who are
supposed to protect you are actually
doing the job that they are supposed to
and for all of us adults in the world
can we stop doing that not my job yeah
or it doesn't affect me like I don't
have children why should I care why
should you care you don't have kids but
because their life is still important I
don't have to know someone to know their
life is important how horrible of a
person would that make me if I didn't
care about you just because I didn't
know you and I feel like the fact that
YouTube is only what 12 13 years old now
I believe in the next five to seven
years we're gonna start seeing the
ramifications of children being captured
on video where they can't consent I
think that's my biggest frustration
Candice and Casey nice to have a podcast
called couples therapy and I was
listening to Tommy on my flight he was
saying the reason he doesn't share about
his children other than people know they
have children they know their names he
never shows her face he never vlogs them
is because they aren't able to say yes
or no and he was like until I know that
they're of an age where they can make
good decisions he was joking about how
one of his daughters like dresses like
crazy and he's like she's a kid like
she's not making like thoughtful
decisions and I was like that's fair and
until you can make thoughtful decisions
it's not really it's a horrible parental
choice to put them in a position where
they want your love and attention so
they'll do whatever you ask that's where
it's exploitive because they can't
consent ethically like I know
developmentally we're not adults until
we're 18 right some would even argue to
take some of us a little longer what
were you saying about brain development
it's our frontal lobe I believe is the
last to join to be like fully developed
but it's not until the age of 18 to 23
24 depending on the person right
everybody's different everyone's
situation is going to lead to different
development but it can take a long time
for that part of our brain to develop
and that's the part of our brain that
makes good choices and knows who we are
they call it like our personality maker
it's our language it's our expression of
emotion and it's our decision-making and
so if that's not fully formed how are we
expected to say yes or no to being put
online or engaging in some activity and
doing it daily as you know when you're
filming you need to watch everything
that you
because people can very easily take
something that you say in passing and
tear you down for it because a context
completely take it out of context the
trolls the people who just want a reason
to hate you and so with that in mind
when you have a camera in someone's face
every single day and in this case it's a
child who is still developing mm-hmm
they're still discovering the world
they're discovering who they are but
when you're being filmed each and every
day and you're watching what you're
saying and you're making sure you're
saying the right things and this is a
daily thing that's expected because you
don't you have to pay the bills you have
a pressure I think that as a society we
reverse the roles we're now children are
expected to be the breadwinners yeah
which is a scary place to be and and the
adults are kind of doing this we film
we're youtubers how do we not allow this
so because from Monday to Thursday we
don't film with our children anymore
we've made the decision as a family that
because my son has two hours of homework
a night and my daughter has one hour
what made you make that decision makes
it change because as they got older we
would say to them we give our kids the
option each and every day do you want to
shut the cameras off and we can go back
to our regular life no one will know no
one will find us and they say no because
there's a purpose to this and we're
making the world laugh and we get really
great messages but when the kids as they
get older and they're in school we do
not homeschool I have my opinions about
homeschooling I think it's good for
children something that that we don't
usually learn and unless we have a lot
of siblings or if our parents get us
into activities but again it's out of
the house socialization is something
that a lot of children don't learn how
to properly do especially with a lot of
parents who leave their children with
computers or laptops or iPads all day
long it's important for us to be able to
look people in the eye to learn how to
share how to give over something to
someone else to get a hug I used to work
at a clinic and back in Washington State
where I grew up and this little kid had
tripped and fallen in another cube and
helped them up and then off they ran
they were it isn't a hurry to get the
ball made or at least all the balls for
recess and I think a silly scene but in
my head I was like that's really
important for children to have that
interaction and to make friends that
aren't just their siblings and to
understand it's essentially teaching how
the world works how do I share with
someone that
that I don't see all the time how do I
engage with other people here other
perspectives work together on projects
collaborate yes that's cooperation I
feel like that's that is life life is
cooperation as a whole we're all in this
together that's what we both love what
each other does because we're working to
make it better
and I think that all comes out of
engaging with other children from a
young age and learning how to to be
together and work together and I feel
like also the accountability what is the
accountability awareness when you go to
an educational institution when you go
to school there's that accountability to
the teacher to the administration I'm
not sure about that dynamic if the
parents one day want to stay in bed all
day yeah you know let's just stay in bed
or oh today we're gonna go on a field
trip to the grocery store and so that's
the thing is so because our kids have a
ton of homework we have made the
decision as a family that we will not
film during the week they go to their
programs they go to their music they do
their fitness they do all that stuff and
they have time to be kids yeah and to do
nothing which is the important part I
think that that's what children are
missing the ones that are being forced
to film every day I mean homeschool I
feel like in a way that style that
structure is is stealing from them
because they're not able to participate
in soccer let's say they really wanted
to participate in soccer because they
don't have time what child have you ever
known prior to the digital world
existing to say oh I'd like to do dance
but I don't have time I think that's
what I have to have in my head to make
it make sense for me is imaginal like a
six-year-old child coming to you because
your six-year-old child was like hey I
really want to go kick the ball out
outside can you know can Katie come and
play and me having to say as a six year
old me oh no I have to work I feel like
that's what we're doing to them without
recognizing it is forcing them to work
but it's also creating greater numbers
of this I feel like okay I understand
YouTube wants to have an open platform
init and everyone has a voice how do we
recognize the difference between a
channel like yours and a channel that
might be forcing our children to film
every day for twelve hours a date but
the vlogs out in time dude I mean and
that's maybe why YouTube hasn't done
this is just to play devil's advocate
it's always try to see both sides
alright what could be something they
could do to ensure that there are more
channels like ours and less channels
where the children are forced to film or
be on camera for most of their days all
day if there were measurements in place
parameters if there were actual teams of
people because we know there's money if
you have teams of people hundred people
who say ok Monday Tuesday Wednesday
we're gonna go visit these families
we're gonna make a house visit we're
gonna see the conditions of the home
we're gonna see inside the fridge is
there food is it clean is it a healthy
environment for the children
then we're gonna sit with the children
in the family and have a one-on-one
conversation so how do you feel when
you're in front of the camera how do you
feel with mom and dad what do you guys
talk about do you ever feel scared when
I ask my children these questions
it's amazing what will actually come out
of children children are very honest
beings when you allow them to be I'm
just I'm trying to think and I think
that's a great idea
I'm trying to think of like loopholes
cause people always find loopholes but
we also know that YouTube has said that
ok before you post each video and you
have to click these boxes the children
are not in danger you know there's
nothing sexualized I feel like that is a
tiny tiny tiny fraction of what needs to
be done to ensure the safety of children
but I'd love to hear what you think like
going back to what we talked about
earlier how I will create educational
content around abuse or sexual assault
and if I use terms like sex self-harm
suicide if not it's not monetizable we
could do the same when it comes to
family vlogging where in the same way
that I have to check a box that says oh
this has sexual content so I'm talking
about sex health I on this one because I
do custom I videos off and on and I did
checkboxes saying yes or no for
monetization and they review manually I
don't think it's too much to ask that
YouTube add in an extra layer where it
says are there children in this video
which I feel like it should always ask
you should say yes then it has all the
different documents
and forms and approvals that you need to
get in order to allow them to be in and
you have to say yes and either upload
the forms or show that you have had them
in therapy in the last month or you kind
of started education in rank of
enrollment in school number of hours
worked I mean like I know that people
will still find loopholes because
nothing's perfect but it's at least
another it's like a higher bar for
people to allow children in videos
because going back to what we talked
about like they can't consent they might
say mom I'm tired but if I know
psychologically speaking that children
will do whatever they can to get love
because we're programmed yes we want our
parents to love and approve of us
because we're we're slowly building our
own sense of self and we all know if we
think back to kid us our sense of self
is all wrapped up and our family and
friends if we don't go to school for
home school what's left is just family
so want our family to love and approve
of who we are and so validate us
yes and so we'll do anything and so
that's why I don't think a child saying
yeah I want a phone today mommy
really means they do because they don't
know you know like you're gonna have to
prove that it's okay and I think we
could obviously work a little bit more
and I'd be happy to work with YouTube to
figure out what those different we might
be happy to work with you too yes we're
on board guys we're trying to help yeah
the whole purpose of this is good one
that helped and make it stronger and
better yeah but at the end of the day
someone has to be the voice for the kids
yeah because there has to be a solution
for this because no one's speaking up
and the daddy of five was just the one
that I that I heard about it can't be
the only one we know of at least one
family who has pulled their children out
of school full-time
no to film or to film more and of course
I can't say who that is
but sadly if there is one family yeah
how many more especially because people
see it as an easy way to make money now
where they think oh we already have our
family will just start filming and put
it online we have into some financial
issues there's got to be a solution so
what are those steps and the same way we
worry about monetization
I don't believe family vloggers in the
same way that my content shouldn't be
monetizable until I fill out that form
getting back to monetization and
something that we practice on our
channel as a family as creators is to
ensure that our children are compensated
because at the end of the day they're
creating videos are creating content and
so what we've done for our children is
they are equal partners in our business
so we each owe 125 percent of Av family
their money gets put into a trust fund
when they go to university their
university will be completely paid for
as I made I'm still paying for mine by
the way I would have really a girl I had
three dots I have every jobs to put
myself through school and so this is
what we are doing to them we're not
buying fancy cars and you know
Lamborghinis no Lamborghinis this is
what we're doing to make sure that they
are protected and that they are not
exploited for the time and effort that
they're putting into that's another bar
to set because I don't know if there are
any rules or regulations within like
traditional media but I'd assume there
are to some respects because when you
pay something out you have to pay it to
a company or a person HP taxes on that
there's certain like we know as business
owners the way that money comes in and I
feel like that's another way to ensure
that children are being respected and
taken care of there has to be a certain
percentage that must be saved and
honestly going back to kind of like what
we talked about I think it's just a
higher bar to have children and videos
that people can hate and be upset about
it but think about the child I know that
a lot of you love family vloggers I know
that you feel like you're following them
and watch them grow up and that's great
but they think back to the child whose
childhood is online forever and then
starting from the day that they
literally come out into the world
there's that camera there waiting for
them surprise welcome to you too
can you imagine but that's what's
happening but like thinking of all the
stupid stuff I've done through my life
and like how embarrassed I'd be if I
don't know it was all documented yeah
shopping for your first bra yeah oh my
oh my god that's just not okay there's
certain things that are private we need
to give all children the ability to have
things happen in private and grow up at
the pace that works for them yeah I
don't know I mean I know me call me
old-fashioned but they're not that like
four people or they're like making sure
you don't die and the babies are ready
oh but make sure that the makeup artist
gets gets my hair right and make sure
that the professional photographer and
the videographer oh sorry
doctor can you step out of the way
please so that the video person can get
in because we need views on this baby
right and if this baby doesn't get used
then we're gonna get another baby I
think is gonna get use come on but what
is like what is that sight that let's be
real but let's be real Yeah right that's
all I'm saying is let's be real guys at
the end of the day nothing is gonna
change nothing is gonna improve unless
we're honest it's true in one of the
examples were given you probably think
like well that's ridiculous
it happens in a lot of ways
unfortunately because we're all very
busy and we're all doing our own thing
we think I yeah whatever
enough is enough because we've been
conditioned to think that this is normal
what was that family who had 19 children
oh yeah 19 Kids and Counting 19 Kids and
Counting pop out more more babies more
babies more babies more babies and then
they had this scandal because they were
so busy bringing in new babies that they
didn't realize that the Sun was abusing
the daughters how did you not have that
conversation with your son to keep your
hands in your body parts to yourself and
especially not to your sister instead of
having more babies can be actually
parents our children pay attention be
present parent I don't have children so
people will you know could be upset
about that but I don't have kids but if
I did that would be a huge commitment to
develop and grow a good human than that
there's a respectful wonderful member of
society I feel like that's not a lot to
ask you know oh my god oh my god we need
to do this not just we do so talking
about babies and the production of
babies in the 80s we had television
shows like Diff'rent Strokes and growing
pains
who you know when the numbers were
starting to dwindle down they would
bring another child on set like a
neighbor kid or like this person has a
that all of a sudden is there and it's
like a new new character arc a new story
to another person to learn about and so
it was Leonardo DiCaprio and in growing
pains if you guys don't know these shows
fantastic shows our kids love them so my
concern is that when the views go down
another baby is brought yeah or I mean a
puppy or a baby right feel like a young
thing is always brought into the fold to
potentially get more views make things
more exciting bring those numbers back
up that's a dangerous space to be in why
do you think it's dangerous I don't have
children again I have to say that
because the reason that I don't is
because if I was to be a parent it would
be a full-time job and that's not
something that I'm willing to do right
now and to bring a child into the world
as a means to make more money or to
garner more views from conception is not
a healthy thing to have happen dude I
mean imagine thinking that you were
created to make money like that wouldn't
sorry I don't mean to no no but it's
like but if we just think it's like
there's the stuff that goes on in my
head and to hear someone say it to me I
feel like I'm in the twilight zone right
now but it's like it's a sad thing for a
child a child recording of the world
because of love and because of the want
for a family to to be a parent not our
numbers are down Sally Jo couldn't get
that hit numbers anymore so you were
brought in it's not because we want to
talk down to anybody or say I'm better
that's not the idea the idea is children
children are being used they deserve
better from us they deserve adults who
are willing to be accountable to just
grow up can we just do a better job as
adults in a world to protect our
children and make sure that that we
raise this healthy generation like we I
don't know I I damage from my childhood
you don't know if you had a perfect
childhood but no nobody is perfect
childhood we're all in recovery from
something that happened to us
you wouldn't mean our parents do the
best they can with what they know yeah
when you know better you do better just
like Maya Angelou said when you know
better do better and we know better yeah
but we have to speak the truth yeah and
only from speaking the truth
actually going to grow yeah but it takes
changed it takes uncomfortable change
but once you get out of that
uncomfortability what I think that some
people haven't talked about it because
they're uncomfortable things are
uncomfortable you never change without
going through that period with
uncomfortability comes change and so I
think that we even though YouTube might
feel uncomfortable about requiring a
little bit more for videos of children
in it what's at stake a lot childhoods
the future of our world look at what's
happening with our world with all the
refugees I know with families on the
bridge what are we doing to our kids
around the world not parenting I feel
like we're just scraping totally there
are so many topics that we can go into I
would love to do this again I would love
to know your thoughts
good or bad don't worry I have my thick
skinned armor on give it to me I can
take it if there's something else that
you want me to talk with Katie about I
would love to delve more into labor laws
and why we need labor laws for children
we need to make sure their children are
being protected and not exploited
because we already have a huge problem
in our world with child slavery both
Katie and I are so passionate because
well this week we're going to Los
Angeles yeah they're premiering a
documentary called the price of free and
I get to meet an interview the gentleman
who started the kailasha foundation his
name is Carlos and it works to end child
slavery because there are millions of
children many undocumented like they
don't even know that they are child
slaves and they're forced to work and so
part of what the kailasha foundation
does is it raises money to get children
out of that cycle of poverty because the
parents will send them off to work
because they need the money
even if it's just like a dollar a month
many of them make that much money also
they're working with legislation to
enforce stricter laws for children and
like my labor laws like we were just
talking about and these are the same
people who brought us the documentary he
Malala and so we are so excited to
participate to join them and to really
put out the word of we need to do a
better job guys in our world we're
protecting our children thank you so
much for watching this video if you
watched the whole thing thank you very
very much for watching the whole thing
and Katie I love you so much I had so
much respect for you and I hope we can
continue to do more stuff like this we
are going to add Katie's link to this
video please check out her channel she
is one of my favorite human beings on
the planet and she's doing really great
things for people like me who have a
story to tell she's doing some really
great stuff to help people like me heal
and she has a new book coming out yes I
do it's called are you okay and it's
available for pre-order now and it comes
out December 11th I've already ordered
mine I suggest you get yours thank you
Katie you thank you
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you've haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribes
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice bye
