hey guys you know how much my dad loves
to milk a trend so today we're doing the
three marker challenge alright guys
welcome to the three marker challenge we
have to pick three random colors of your
eyes close ties these closes and you
pick three random colors and then we
have to color the photo with those three
markers no matter what color you get I
like this challenge because it takes the
monkeys away from technology a little
bit you know you can take a break from
the fortnight's and a little break from
the vine the first picture we're gonna
color is we had a few people in the
comments asked us to do a three marker
challenge and use Peppa Pig so the first
picture is gonna be Peppa Pig alright
alright go ahead pick your marker one
green blue green blue pink pink oh okay
are you alright I guess you won this
challenge Rock Paper Scissors shoot
yeah so my color what is this like red
my first color orange orange a glad I
picked orange you're gonna pick pink
silver silver Bay that's great when
you're my age that silver it's like
orange red orange reddish orange all
right guys let's get into coloring what
I'm gonna let you draw harder on the
cheese yeah well my pigs gonna be solid
silver shirt
cuz my toughest winner
Bob pepper Bob pepper this is
therapeutic man my Peppa Pig has already
eggs Maya's got facial hair this kepis
got some gold chain your Peppa's got
some pet I got like an abstract Peppa
going on here my Peppa has some crazy
eyes my papa's wearing a Kanye West
Church my pop is gonna have a goatee how
are you guys doing with your Peppa's
good my head's awake daddy I'm writing
this is your bedroom
Droon why don't we use some English
words next time hey how about we drew in
some more pictures guys puppy
the poem is that I got like two kinds of
oranges so kind of messed up my photo
yo this pepper is so good everyone on
this earth can have hair your Peppa
looks like it hasn't slept in weeks
alright ready to reveal your pigs oh my
goodness look at your pigs both your
pigs have hair so this is like pet blood
that's been around for a while middle
he's got a moustache he's gonna be
strained of hair cuz he's old old and
gray see he's got a chain with a dollar
sign dollar signs around he's got some
multicolored of my contact lenses yes
Wow very nice Peppa Pig with a moustache
love it mr. B explain your pepper please
so he's got a slick daddy he's also got
a that's just like Daddy right there
he's got a crazy mullet uh Anna Mae
there he's bent and out in the Sun for
very long cuz he came back from pepper
island okay my Peppa is a more fancy
traditional Peppa come on guys this is
what peppa pig should really look like
that's huh no it's a goatee
Peppa's got a goatee no hair Peppa with
the furry coat the Kanye West cause
Peppa five thousand dollars for that
coat so show some respect of my Peppa
please let us know who you think won
this round type in the comment section
down below next round are you guys ready
we are doing
tonight okay
one is yellow oh lucky
that's a minion right there Oh oh shoot
black black minion brown brown okay
purple all right silver all the other
colors like getting like different color
because he's boring that's what a person
says or they don't get in no because I
want to get funny all right my minion is
looking good this is Dave the minion
right how old Dave apparently dave is
going to have pink glasses now dave is
now going to have blue eye shadow you're
halfway done no I'm actually like a
quarter done the no marker challenge so
basically you have to the color a
picture using no markers you have to go
find things around the house so like
ketchup mustard oh my goodness we just
created a new should I should do it no
marker challenge you have to do it
before this video yeah please nobody
steal that oh yeah these tones yeah but
if you want a copy it's in desperate
courtesy I don't even know who invented
the three marker challenge let us know
in the comments who invented the three
marker challenge because I'd love to
give them credit
I can't go back
yeah sure to our boy I'm Sookie man supe
sound in color part 2 coming soon try
Papa bean with men Sookie featuring lil
pump lil yachty and no seriously I do
have better coloring skills and both you
guys combined by the way and just let
you know yeah you're going with like a
traditional minion I like it my minion
is lit is your minion is lit as mine
back in again with the greasy strands of
hair oh snap my minion is so good nice
your minions are no good better than
yours because I'm gonna win this three
marker challenge mine doesn't look like
a minion anymore
it looks like something that got kicked
out of the loop it's lame yeah just like
be a fella
what are you doing what are you doing
who's ready to reveal her minions ooh
ooh No
Wow armpit hair we've got some greasy
strands of hair we also have some
eyelashes some purple lipstick purple
designer glasses and she hasn't really
slept
that's why his eyes are a bit off is
that a goatee or is that a hairy chest
that's a goatee so mine is the regular
authentic minion with a twist where the
black is those you now see blue on the
GRU sign it's actually yellow because
that's my twist so yeah you have an
authentic minion right there that is
very authentic good job monkey Wow and
mine is the most authentic looking
minion in the world as you can see it
looks like when I was old rejected toys
that they don't sell anymore because too
many adults were like my kid is having a
38 thus because of this toy therapy all
right this is my nightmare minion let us
know in the comments who you think one
is it the traditional minion your greasy
minion or my nightmare on my muppet
nightmare minion final round
guess who we're doing yes okay purple
green yeah
and all roads Rock Paper Scissors
explosion it might win Rock Paper
Scissors shoot ha ha ha ha which'll
pinky rings up moon all right Brown I
like brown that's gonna be good for the
burger
it's not for the best that I can go with
we should go on tour just yeah the
megatronics Atomics and we're better
than the peasants who leaves it
yo that's it we're going on tour
megatronics that's gonna be your band my
SpongeBob's gonna have a pinky ring and
none of you people can steal it from me
no fine I'm making my spongebob crazy
then I'm gonna give them a hat it's
crazy
my finger man that's too bad all right
monkeys time to reveal your pictures
three two one
hey very nice very nice who won this
round let's see SpongeBob's teeth has
braces because you're a bit far apart
your Sponge Bob is very nice and your
spongebob has braces shout out to you
you got your braces removed very nice
Wow well congratulations those
celebration or the no braces my
spongebob is again with that greasy hair
it's also got that nice little mustache
there with those little baby hairs
because spongebob isn't exactly a man
yet so he's gonna get there why is this
Sponge Bob stepping on the guy because
he's giving him such she's gonna to go
see a psychiatrist for this one and my
spongebob is more traditional and my
sponge but I turned it up a little bit
my spongebob is wearing a hat and he's
riding a hoverboard
let us know who won the spongebob
coloring I think I won because mine's
ready okay guys thanks for watching if
you like this video please give it a
thumbs up leave a comment down below let
us know who won this three marker
challenge and we're gonna give away
these fine pieces of art if you want it
so the best way to do it is if you
follow us on instagram at a bee family
send us a direct message and we're gonna
randomly pick nine winners and we're
gonna send one of these to you if you
want it my artwork ISM is a masterpiece
thank you guys for watching we love you
guys see you next time the artist thanks
for watching everybody please like
subscribe and leave a comment down below
if you haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left hand a
little thing will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
