hello and welcome to
squishy or guess that squishy toy
whatever keyword works and I'm saying I
have a bag of squishies and my daughter
here considers herself to be a squishy
pro he's gonna give me
Squishy's from that bag which I don't
know what they are they're new and I'm
gonna have to guess what it is because
apparently I'm the squish tween are you
this week we shot a purple banana so
kawaii and all dem squishies pickles all
them squishes pebbles don't say that
why miss monkey assume assume the
blindfold position are you ready for the
sample yep
all right I'm closing my eyes under this
so I can't see anything cuz sometimes
there's that like little thing there and
some people use it there's like a little
area and some people use it to cheat but
nah me man that's not you know I'm doing
the peace sign okay now first wishing
you have to guess what this squishy is
do you want in the bag I'm gonna take it
out of that so first I'm going to squish
it in the bag because I think y'all like
it I don't know if it's like you know
very crinkly guys with the crinkly town
oh this feels like the lamb I feel like
it's a llama corn like you know what is
this what's a llama corn it's like a
llama a unicorn I like the llama has a
thing there what what is this the mouth
I'm guessing these would probably be the
legs because the ears are right here and
I think it's facing that way yeah I'm
guessing llama I just feel like sheep
would be more circular and this is more
like the means I see on like kinda means
that you see yeah it's very it's very
squishy very soft
okay so you're guessing it's a llama
reveal monkey squishy so this was a tail
I thought it was like the nose
it's a one because it's got like that is
it a llama
maybe it's a llama when you're so old
they can't even laugh all right old man
okay here's the next squishy let's see
if you can guess what this is oh it's
really small
I don't guessing it's some sort of
vegetable because it's like whoa feels
like a okay I don't think it's a
vegetable anymore I feel like it's it's
got like a heart tail is it a demon like
a double it's not a devil I can like I
feel this tail oh is it a mermaid this
is the tail these are the arms this is
the head these are the ears
let's get that reveal monkey it's a
mermaid whoa this is so cute but why is
it so sad are you so sad mermaid mermaid
so sad I first think that it was like a
devil you know
yeah what's good with this I knew this
was sort of like the head I didn't know
what these were because I thought these
are like the horns but it's a mermaid
and I'm not cheating
hold on hold on before I get the hate in
the comments for look look look oh oh
look at that okay now it's squish squish
to the core okay this is getting a
really really good are you ready for
round new middle today's yeah all right
so here it is guys in the camera
I'm gonna open it yeah everything feels
like crinkly plastic when you're
blindfolded and it's in the actual
packaging coming out the opening yeah
sure yeah taking me so long I'm the one
that's blindfolded gonna give it to me
oh yes yes yes I feel like the indents
of I can feel the cone I'm just saying
it's an ice-cream because I can feel
that peak on the top as well and there's
the indents of like the cone but I can
definitely feel the indent of the swirl
and the peak at the top so I'm going to
guess ice cream are you melting
everything that I say so I'm gonna
reveal in 3
that is a weirdest ice cream ever seen
why this is an ice ice cream those
colors are so weird
doesn't smell like an ice cream but it's
very squishy and slow rising see I
thought it would have like that sort of
checkered pattern on pattern on the on
the cone but this is a very unique ice
cream in the swirl looks very very
unique and different from the other
dairy clean things I eat alright here's
the next one
super cute super cool I can I say kawaii
am I allowed to say well it's really
really small I feel like this is some
sort of holder and then this is
something okay is it do another ice
cream not an ice cream I don't know what
these things are wait these are sticks
their fries are the fries whoa do you
have a burger do you have like a
milkshake this is so cute My milkshake
brings all the boys to the yard
alright here's the next squishy food oh
I know what this is it's a hot dog I can
feel the sausage I'm guessing this
you're guessing it's ketchup I don't
know is it gonna be mustard to catch up
I'm gonna guess mustard and then why
would you guess it's mustard right it's
not that's alright three two one
what is it it's mustard it's pretty slow
rising that's okay hold on is it when
it's a small squishy can I do this no
you have to like doing that really
that's the rule don't eat your squishies
kids delicious okay family can pretty
sure they know at first glance
check it out family what do you guys
think it is you guys are not blindfolded
you could blindfold yourself while
you're watching this video and then try
to guess what it is it or not I feel
like it's a taco it's a taco because I
feel like the ingredients in here like
the cheese the meat and then this is
sort of like you know alright is that
your final answer
yeah cuz it's sort of like the edges
here and then here it's like round
okay ready three two one wow this is
such a cute taco Wow look at that it's
one catch it made sad okay here's
another hold on I need to show the
family all right family Emily here we go
another one I think this is an ice cream
it's not an ice cream okay I don't think
it's an ice cream anymore because it's
not really happy it's really really
indented it's like is it popcorn reveal
whoa are you getting all these come on
why don't they put a sticker on a
squishy this is so tiny
oh my gosh super kawaii ah are you ready
yeah last one if you get it all right
you're like this but if you get it all
left feel like this okay so it's like a
a cylinder you know when you have those
those like sodas and they've got like
those in those sodas when you have a
soda and they've got like the on the top
of it but I'm guessing at the soda
you're guessing it's a soda all right
reveal monkey I knew it
pop friend I guess so
well there you go let us know if you
played the blindfolded squishy challenge
while you were watching this oh thanks
for watching everybody if you really
enjoy the squishy video by some
squishies and give this video thumbs up
and tell me which one was your favourite
squishy in the comments down below and
tell me who do you think won was it Papa
even though he wasn't even playing or me
I didn't play it was just you I know all
right we love you guys we'll see you
again next time peace we're gonna watch
my face now for this smells like plastic
it's so greasy thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little thing
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice
