migrant support group has launched a
campaign to help tens of thousands of
students reset a mandatory
english-language exam for foreigners
that want to study in the UK it claims
many have been wrongly accused of
cheating
an investigation by the bbc's panorama
program in 2014 exposed an immigration
fraud linked to the test
which is a requirement for visa
applications at the time more than
30,000 test results were declared
invalid and the students accused of
cheating by 2016 the home office had
revoked the visas of nearly 36,000
pupils who sat that test many states
ruin their lives since I had the issue
still I'm not working anywhere because
I'm not allowed to this is like this
destroyed my life and my golden age five
years I've expended here and my wife has
been waiting five years there I couldn't
manage to go see her and spend time with
her I lost my family members almost
three members Akram's municipal and see
them there feel at rudimental member I
cannot do anything this is like I'm in
prison there is no freedom of life I
can't go even code I can't go back home
I can't do what I can't go to see my
parents I can't spend time with my wife
so what's the situation right now what
should I do
the Home Office reiterated an earlier
response to the cheating scandal saying
it was measured and proportionate but a
lawyer representing the students says
there's no effective legal recourse for
them it's an accusation of fraud of
effectively a criminal offence but
they've given no opportunity to be able
to review the evidence upon which that
accusation has been made and often that
evidence is very suspect and very
unreliable
from my own experience I've seen a
number of cases and perhaps the most
serious problem is that individuals
don't have any ability to be able to
appeal that decision through any
effective means
you
