yeah Jonathan Baio from BBC I just just
wonder you think you're gonna get along
with President Putin and me just tell us
why do you think that is there something
you admire about him and the second
question cuz you're just about to go to
the oh he's a competitor he's been very
nice to me the times I've met him I'd be
nice to him he's a competitor you know
somebody was saying is he an enemy is
that my enemy is he a friend no I don't
know him well enough but the couple of
times that I've gotten to meet him we
got along very well you saw that I hope
we get along well I think we get along
well but ultimately he's a competitor
he's representing Russia I'm
representing the United States so in a
sense we're competitors not a question
of friend or enemy he's not my enemy and
hopefully someday maybe he'll be a
friend it could happen but I just don't
know him very well I've met him a couple
of times and when I did meet him most of
you people were there
you
