commitments were made only five of 29
countries were making their commitment
and that's now changed the commitment
was a 2% ultimately that'll be going up
quite a bit higher than that so we are
we made a tremendous amount of progress
today it's been about at a minimum they
estimate and they're going to be giving
you exact numbers but since last year
they've raised an additional 33 billion
dollars that's been put up by the
various countries not including the
United States and the United States
commitment to NATO is very strong
remains very strong but primarily
because everyone the spirit they have
the amount of money they're willing to
spend the additional money that they
will be putting up has been really
really amazing to see it to see the
level of spirit in that room is
incredible and I hope that we're going
to be able to get along with Russia I
think that we probably will be able to
the people in the room think so but they
nevertheless they really stepped up
their commitment and stepped it up like
they never have before so we took in an
additional 33 the number could actually
be higher than 40 when
you
