dude yes I'm joined by Joseph Murray
near Manchester United manager after
that victory for a Croatia that gets
through to their first ever World Cup
final jos√©e where was that game won and
lost I think was won on Croatia carat
they were not that when I told at
halftime that the game should be over
but was not over I knew it what I was I
was saying when I predict a goal I knew
it could be an England goal to kill the
game but for sure Croatia would have a
reaction and they could also score which
happen so I think basically was on the
fact that when the game was easy for
England
the second goal didn't come and then
Croatia when they scored the first goal
by the psychological point of view they
had like like overdose of confidence and
they changed completely the game and
then in the end I think they I think
they deserve because you could even see
by the number of shots and then have one
shot on target they had 708 you could
see by the the way the ball possession
and the control of the game changed
dramatically
they went over England also at that at
that level and then the mistake arrived
and and and Mandzukic was was having a
game and there is his level he was very
very tired but the chance appeared and
he put the ball in
the net and then of course he will react
the way they could then the same that
happened to strain each happened two to
three PA England made the fortune the
fourth change and even so in extreme
limits the fourth substitute is not
enough so England was playing with ten
men for the last maybe five plus four
after extra time and that reduced and
the possibilities the decisions of the
lateral free-kicks that that happened
I thought England went the wrong way at
that time because they were trying to
have the softball to McGuire but in
previous matches Maguire was very very
dominant in relation to other opponents
and today was not the case they were
giving love run the mission to go for
that first of all with mcgwire and mark
of Rochefort is very good taking the
lateral free kicks with tension with
speed and into other areas and they
decide always father what I call the
balloon the balloon coming down and give
time follow front what up to the
position for Tsubasa to come out and to
catch so in the end they were also
dominant by environmental point of view
so I think they deserve over under 20
minutes they deserve I think it's an
incredible achievement
for a country where the league is a
minor league where the majority not just
the majority I think almost 100% of the
players they don't play in Croatia so
they are people like like myself working
abroad and when you work abroad I think
you feel your country even in a in a
different way so for them to go back to
their countries and
and to take a country like Croatia to a
World Cup final is something amazing
England of course they have a reason to
cry but they have also a reason to be
optimistic the team improved a lot in
relation to previous appearances the
squad is young the majority of the
players they can play the next World Cup
I would say probably Ashley and Verde
they will be on 34 35 36 years old
no but the others they will be in the
next World Cup with more experience at
the club level Gareth Southgate Steve
Holland if I was the FA if I was in
charge no doubts that I would keep them
in the job and I'll give them the chance
to take the team to the next Uros
eventually to the next World Cup so even
as a reason to cry because was so so
close to do it but I think they have
also reason to be optimistic and the
players in the sport and everybody
involved in in the World Cup for England
they have a reason to come back to come
back home
the pride that they gave everything and
in the middle country not fully happy
but they made a country proud
