police have spoken briefly to the
surviving victim of the Amesbury
poisoning incident charlie Rowley after
he regained consciousness
our correspondent Anisha Sethi reports
next from London well what we do know at
this stage is that Charlie Raley one of
the victims that came into contact with
the nerve agent Navi chalk in Amesbury
on the 30th of June he's been speaking
to the leading offices leading this
inquiry now this is shortly after he
regains consciousness at Salisbury
District Hospital a new Kate
counterterrorism police have released
the following statements verses from the
investigation team have spoken briefly
to Charlie any contact officers have
with Charlie will be done in close
consultation with the hospital and his
doctors we will not be providing further
commentary around our contact with
Charlie but we haven't exactly been told
what was said between Raleigh and
officers we don't know what words were
exchanged but he was described as being
groggy and tires due to the effects of
the nerve agents officials say though
that we'll have to wait for days until
he regains his full memory although it
appears that Raleigh has been making
progress with his health it was a
different story entirely for Dawn
Sturgis at Charlie's partner though who
was admitted hospital on the same day as
him she died after being in a critical
condition for days and now police have
launched a murder inquiry into her death
but police are now investigating a link
a possible link between this and the
case of the Russians Sergei a new yes
cripple it's believed that Sergey and
Yulia scrapple where poisoned with the
same substance only a few miles away in
Salisbury back in March but officials
are trying to work out now whether the
nerve agent was from the same batch but
police say at this stage they can't work
out if the two incidents are linked
since the recovery of Nuala and Sergei
scrapple were unaware of their
whereabouts and we're not sure where
they've disappeared to but the script
pile investigation is still ongoing and
the UK blames Russia for this but the
Kremlin has denied all involvement many
times it's offered to conduct a joint
investigation with the UK but the UK has
said that they've denied any cooperation
with Russia but at this stage with all
this speculation going on it appears
that they're more questions been answers
you
