Turkish investigators on Monday are
searching Riyadh's consulate in Istanbul
where Saudi dissident journalists Jamal
has Saji mysteriously disappeared two
weeks ago the search is said to be
carried out by both the Turkish and
Saudi officials meanwhile Donald Trump
has spoken to the Saudi King he told the
president he has no knowledge of what
happened to the reporter Trump added
that he's sending the Secretary of State
to meet the Manik he also speculated
rogue killer's might be behind the
disappearance Jamal Hassan II was last
seen entering the Saudi consulate in
Istanbul on October 2nd no one has heard
from him since Turkey hasn't officially
accused riyadh are being involved but
some reports claim its intelligence
services have evidence haji was tortured
and killed saudi arabia has since
strongly denied the accusations and
offered to help investigate the case as
international pressure mounts over the
disappearance Riyadh is warning
countries not to threaten it Shah jees
suspected murder in the consulate has
led to the spectra of sanctions sending
the kingdom's stock market plunging the
u.s. is among nations issuing warnings
to the Saudis but the US president is
trying to keep afloat multi-billion
economic deals signed last year we
signed historic agreements with the
Kingdom that will invest almost 400
billion dollars in our two countries
this landmark agreement includes the
announcement of a 110 billion dollar
Saudi funded defense purchase
I believe it's the largest order ever
made it's 450,000 jobs it's the best
equipment in the world but if they don't
buy it from us they're going to buy it
from Russia or they're going to buy it
from China or they're going to buy it
from other countries and I think that
would be very foolish for a country but
there are other things we can do that
will be very severe
we spoke to Saudi analyst ahmed al
ibrahim who thinks the talk of sanctions
is premature many many many many cards
to play
many cards but the oil is not one of
those cards because saudi arabia has
believed that oil supplies an oil change
and this is what the world want to hear
this is a for the benefit although for
whole world and the whole economies and
the people but definitely saudi arabia
has a game and has card that we can play
and i don't think really a sanction will
be put on saudi arabia if nobody wants
to sell us weapon the market is a huge
and great and more advanced probably if
we get for example weapons from Russia
it will be more advanced than the weapon
that actually is released by the
Congress to Saudi Arabia all what they
allow soon it's not for any benefit I
think everybody should calm down not to
politicize the this this issue and let's
get the investigation going that let's
solve the issue it's not anymore about
Gmail it's basically people are taking
revenge
you
