well I'm I'm sure you can see what's
happening it's a Belgian invasion of st.
Petersburg can look at that they
unfolding what looks to be a 9 meter
flag which they are now carrying to the
stadium
lots of positivity remember after the
Brazil Belgium game I may be issued a
rallying call to the Belgians to show up
in st. Petersburg and they have good
spirits good voices a lot of confidence
I spoke to some of them they've all been
saying that they will beat France I mean
that's something you expect from a team
from supporters of a team but these guys
are really confident and you know
Belgians are probably the only team
which can actually stop France they're
now actually on their way to the subway
and we'll carry that flag the huge 9
meter Belgian flag into the subway so
this is the World Cup if you are hoping
to bring home right it's already written
Belgium on it oh it's Belgium on it
right so 1018 this is the like the
Belgium keep a chicken chicken the
French chicken and what happened with
the French chicken tonight normally we
eat them we're gonna eat them eh why do
you wanna do we have 23 good players the
best players seriously probably in the
world form in a moment we have a great
team great team spirit and that's the
most important because if we want to go
for in a World Cup it's not about one
Neymar one messy it's about a team and
that's that's the key
who's gonna score tonight tonight I see
as art playing to win one peak a penalty
kick and I think look at who's gonna
score one and giving the brain good luck
three - thank you so much
come on Belgium you see this is ours
this is all trophy we want to get it and
the French chicken it's over you
bye-bye hey friends see that's been the
mood in the Red Devils camp all along
chanting singing in the streets of st.
Petersburg for a good part of Tuesday
now enroute to the stadium very very
loud walking down the river sides of st.
Petersburg and hoping that they will be
on Sunday in Moscow at Luzhniki in the
World Cup final Alexei Russian CRT
reporting from st. Petersburg confidence
is very high here of course there's a
bit of a French community in st.
Petersburg about a thousand or so people
today that's greatly expanded a lot of
fans have traveling to see this historic
semi-final between Belgium and France
France his young generation that has
come to win the day here today many here
I think they can handle the pressure
they can go all the way I've got Nicolas
Turkestan and Cedric from Toulouse here
behind me they've come to watch the game
guys how confident are you that France
can make it today we're very confident I
think we will win about 2-0 something
like that and we got Francis LaLanne
here as well he's a musician French
support he's been traveling with the
team for many years with his guitar how
have you found the atmosphere in st.
Petersburg are you enjoying it so far
yes because Russian people is very very
good people and they love France so much
so it's very pleasing to be here with
them and enjoy sport and in life because
football is made to enjoy life first of
all so football and music unites people
across borders yes I won't be able to
let these guys go of course without a
bit of a preview musically of how
they're going to support their team
tonight so I'm gonna let these guys do
the outro and take it away
there's good old can you go bear
it
- water - time and a booty man
Oh bastard
ah
you
