the leader and founder of a Japanese
doomsday cult was executed on Friday
Shoko Asahara along with six senior
members of the cult were put to death
for a deadly sarin attack in 1995 the
armed shinrikyo's cult was found in 1984
and counted up to 40 thousand members at
his height around 30 thousand of the
followers were in Russia the cult is
regarded as a terrorist organization by
several countries including the US and
Russia it carried out a major sarin gas
attack in the Tokyo underground 23 years
ago
can usually sum we typically just
because a cult is without a leader for
some time that doesn't mean it ceases to
exist
Shoko Asahara and his closest followers
were hanged but the cult in Japan is
officially registered it's on the
terrorism watch list I don't rule out
the possibility that the cult still has
followers in Russia because here is a
good breeding ground for the
organization to find followers Shoko
Asahara visited Moscow in 1992 and met
with Russian political and religious
leaders the cult founder went on a
promotional campaign giving speeches at
the country's top universities and
spending millions of dollars there
succeeded in attracted in chat in
attracting many followers in Russia
there are numerous victims of this
called parents and relatives of those
victims who would come to us and hold
out for help and we try to try to help
them and also I took part in this trial
which was held in Russia against
non-physical and parents shield ah
anyway when they issued an alter ego and
they convinced the Office of Attorney
General ah to start this process and
actually it didn't go very well when the
option episodes seemed to be in upper
hand and then of course this variant
attack came and we've changed everything
you
