England through after defeating Sweden -
nothing in Samara Peter Schmeichel
football you know what they're gonna be
saying in English coming coming
put it shoes on it's out the door it's
heading home but it's not that that's a
long way to go very what England showed
so far in this world cup is they're very
effective and it time today played
really well the second goal was really
beautiful and it was in a period where
England put a lot of pressure on Sweden
and and overall it's it's completely
deserved that they win this game there's
no doubt about that I was a bit more
sort of in the Colombian game I didn't
think that England invested too much but
in this game here they did and I mean
Jordan Pickford today makes two crucial
saves one really good save a header from
Markus Burke to his left at one nil
really good safe and the other one is
from players and down to his right in a
really well-crafted counter-attack was
we well they did score from open play
but it yeah England had worked a lot on
set pieces before the World Cup and that
shows they've got a lot of different
combinations on how to use set pieces as
a serious weapon and it is it has been
for them a serious weapon and then you
know the one nil goal comes from a
corner kick it's taken by us to young
yes Perry won that goal for you guys now
and it's Harry Maguire one of the
players that I think has shown the most
potential in this World Cup
I've seen him washing over the last 12
months playing for Leicester and he has
been tremendous and he stepped it up
he's taking that game for so he's played
for Leicester into the England team and
he's now in the semi-final and he's been
one of the key figures in this enormous
result for English football it's one
thing to put a cross in into the right
area you can practice that all dates
another though
to rise above all the defenders and then
yeah but you see the way they line up
they're there for guys very close to
each other in exactly the same line it's
literally impossible for anyone to pick
an individual player up and you have to
remember the guys that are attacking
they know when to move it's not the
defendants they don't know that moment
they have to react to it
so you know the guy attacking is
proactive where you as the defenders
reactive and that means you have that
little split second and this is wearing
that have been fantastic they used that
and Harry McGuire
he's been tremendous all year in in
these kind of situations and today he
got a World Cup goal and what ago what
do you think the leicester manager will
be thinking now watching a player
performing like this is price going up
are you worried you're going to lose one
of your star assets are you thinking
this is there was there was already talk
in in the January transfer window about
Harry McGuire you're going to one of the
big clubs so we talked the really big
ones of the Man City the the Real Madrid
and Barcelona because what what this
fella can do you know he is is a
defender he can defend you know like the
best of him even better than most he's
not scared he will put himself in harm's
way if he need to him he has this
instinct that is very rare in Martin
football where you really can't defend
but on top of that he's everything else
he's the guy who could take the pole up
the pitch he can take part in in
build-up playing who's got great
technique he's a big lad you know when
you when you're up against him you don't
think that he's got this great technique
but he has in combination play he's
really good as well he can hit the ball
from distance he can you know he can you
know bring the ball all the way up into
the box and be at the end of a chance
and then as we saw today or we seen
today you know
be at the end of crosses and this guy I
mean I don't know what value and players
are these days because it's gone
absolutely wild but I wouldn't be
surprised it's one of the big clubs in
Europe spent something like I don't know
60 80 million pounds on Harry Maguire
because he's worth it
he's absolutely what he's it's just a
really really and he's young you know
you invest a lot of money in a young
player who can do all that at this age
Casey was a defender he got an opening
Gulf England they looked a lot more
secure when they went to it this was
just just before the hour mark and it
was deli alley but it's another header
Jesse lingard swings in the cross alley
suspicion offside at the time I think
sterling Sterling's outside the director
the TV director didn't go back to didn't
put a lineup so we can't sort of say if
Delhi Alley is society but we know there
is a vow of side vows so far would have
say seen it and if had that if he'd been
up side they would have called it and he
wouldn't have been a goal so we must
assume but it is it is a proper thought
now Delia I started that move himself he
did get the ball on the left-hand side
it was funny because I was thinking at
the time
Danny alia has had not really done
anything in this world caught them sort
of what sort of spring to mind was that
he was out for a game with an injury and
as I'm thinking that he gets a ball it
linka tries to shoot it gets blocked he
gets the ball back he puts it in and at
the end of that pole as Delhi Ali now
this was from open play and that's as I
said before this was in a period of the
game where England really turned it on
and you could see the second goal coming
and you could see that Sweden became
more and more tired more and more
frustrated and more no and this is you
know very much out of character more and
more disorganized there was very
disorganized in that period and that you
know you get tuning up in a quarterfinal
you're not gonna give that away Sweden
tried they they look tired today they
look actually Sweden look like it seemed
that they had enough of the World Cup
they would they were ready to go home
and that you know get to the
quarter-final they were quite happy with
that and England looked like the team
that really wanted to get to the
semi-finals I think the straightening
for straighter Sweden even when they did
create some chances Jordan Pickford
really rose to the occasion court of a
string of at least three just one
absolutely Jordan pigment for me that's
the best I've seen in player this is
said we haven't really seen Englund
being tested in in in in this tournament
we've seen that conceived goals and we
have seen Jordan take four do bits and
pieces but not like this today today
every little thing that everybody did
was important so when it came to his
turn when he was called upon he had the
answer
so it was a really good cross and at the
end of that was Marcus Burke who headed
it a very strong header to his left hand
side and Jordan Pickford's got a really
strong hand to that and then saved that
so that was the first one the second one
was a breakaway a nice a probably the
best move the Sweden had in the whole
game and it ended with their Clara and
Claire's and had you know he put it
around
John stones so Pickford couldn't see it
very low and and he got down threw it on
his head
with his right hand very very quickly
and and the ball will still lose but
then that the defense picked it up but
those two saves for me were
game-changing and and for me
without those two saves if any of them
had gone in you just don't know where
the balance would have tipped and so for
me you know
crucial game-changing moments and
they're delivered by Jordan picker today
and as a result England are through to
the semi-final they will play at the
Luzhniki stadium on July the 11th
kick-off at 9 p.m.
you
