Team Russia in the quarterfinals
performing something just short of
America
giving the fight to the mighty Spain and
eventually knocking it right out of the
tournament that night Russian fans
brought
Legg of God became a thing after the two
saves by the Russian goalkeeper Iker
confer VIN the final penalty shoot-out
degree confer if himself already a star
here at home became an even bigger
internet celebrity at the time
now also drawing attention of course
Russia's head coach but he took the
spotlight not only with his managing
decisions and his managing style but
also with his emotions or rather the
lack of them I should say a hint of a
smile and a reservedly balled fist in
triumph this is all that he allowed
himself on the pitch
Church esops moustache have become known
here in Russia as the moustache of hope
another symbol for Russian fans is
Russia's traditional head wear kokosh
neck so here in central Moscow in the
hearts of the football fever I've
decided to familiarize fans of other
national teams with these features of
the Russian fan culture
do you know the russia's traditional
element of headwear
isn't that the winter hats over the
vodka vodka I have no idea
I have no idea Oh guys that's the tricky
stuff I have this you know what it is
it's this is actually this but that's
for girls
it's called kokosh neck yes kokosh neck
right on have you ever wanted to become
a Russian fan I wore mine look so and
let's do this you you can kind of hold
it
behind your back
okay it's selfie time now yep yep
perfect like a natural you look like a
natural you're higher if something you
choose something else yeah we have
something else you know the Russian
chief coach I don't know his last name
but I know him by his face
it's bald with a little monsters indeed
and what I have for you here I'm just
gonna give you this do you think that
maybe you could hold it like this and
say a few words pretend you're a Russian
coach speech in English give me the
speech you got you gotta get better or
we gonna switch you off or we're gonna
go put it we have all the fans here All
or Nothing come on it's your country
it's your time you need to make your own
history come on do it Russia Russia
Russian players please I remind me of
Mexico but it's better do you have a
message to Russian fans thank you thank
you for the hospitality thank you for
making it such an amazing experience
continue supporting the team it's a
wonderful World Cup good luck for Russia
and I hope that they will win the war
power thank you for everything it's been
great beautiful come on we were counting
on you guys
there was the plan Russia Mexico the
final we give you a chance
so she'll give me a Duff idea please win
the cab
you
