well games between these two tend to go
down to the wire
chicka look at their head-to-head record
eight wins for England seven for Sweden
and 9 draws and with things so tight
sometimes what makes all the difference
is in-depth knowledge of the opposition
but what do the fans know about their
rival nations we decided to test alright
we've met some Swedish fans with their
colours out here in the samara Sun is
pretty nice first of all isn't it it's
very nice letter I didn't expect that
Queen Elizabeth became Queen Elizabeth
in which decade when did she go on to
the throne forest about fourteen 1940s
you say there's six fifth the 1950s
which decade did other win your center
before look at that right out of the
block the population of Sweden it's a
little bit smaller than yourselves wanna
420 yeah ten million ten million final
answer you kept your nerve and you did
right ten million it is well done sir
what is the population of England around
70 Millions
66 six Suzy the teamwork guys you got
there in the end
in 1998 England's youngest ever
goalscorer against Argentina do you
remember the Wonder goal who scored it
Michael Owen Michael oh we got one we
got it what was Sweden's highest ever
finish out of World Cup their best place
in 58 again Lulu up against Brazil in 58
your stuff sir because is over when
Pelle but he had that only doesn't that
the ball was there nothing already dead
went bang in the net that was it and
that was the goal so there you have it
the supporters of the three lines take
it by a hair but will their team follow
suits on the pitch not long now to find
out you know no Lille RT Samara
you
