we have much more information that we
can process and elaborate and it is like
I don't know like a buffet with too much
food on it and we need to choose and
well the existence of fake this
phenomenon of fake news make us think
that the plates could be the food could
be poisoned so we live in today in this
contradiction that where we have too
much information immediately accessible
and still we need to spend more time
that before to inform ourselves to
understand what's true and what is not
this is a peculiar contradiction or of
our time and that's also because of fake
news thank you very much Alex II what
should we do
Alexei would you kindly so we discussed
what does not exist there is no such a
thing is a fake news there is no new
phenomenon so basically at the moment
mass media emerged same thing existed so
but we used to have traditional mass
media things like newspapers that tell
accompanies and basically all media of
food for its reputation now number of
sources increase dramatically every
person that has an account with the two
subscribers or ten full of the followers
generate a certain agenda and it may be
an invented agenda so we saw that during
the election campaign in the united
states in balkan countries young guys
decided on behalf of hillary clinton to
distribute i direct things things like
will or wipe out russia from map and it
was
a problem to prove later on that Hillary
never said that
and there are so to say on the news so
to say I will give you an example we
have a traditional media in Russia they
distributed information Ukrainian
authorities so decided to use only
electronic passports for migration and
control so but the that was done by
Ukraine and not just for Russia but for
all countries so everybody started
blaming Bandera followers and if you
remember this is a hard way and the
Margaret Thatcher's quotation when she
said it would have been great if Russia
was populated only by 15 million people
so the truth is yes Margaret Thatcher
did exist but you'll never find such a
quotation but since an official from the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs mentioned
that everybody has started searching for
the words and the failed that was not
truth or semi truth which is easily
converted into non truth into lies so
I'm grateful to flm colleague I am
grateful for establishing such science
and we are following what's new what is
there but basically the big challenge is
source of information which sources only
of information do use and whether you
trust your source or not it's not a
question if you trust the echo of Moscow
or channel 1 or CNN good this is
important for you why do we use
information in order to be correct in
terms of decision making and to make a
correct decision where to go for for
instance where to invest which movie to
see if you start using wrong source of
of information which you call a fake
news then you make wrong decisions and
you are responsible for that because you
decided that Albania is suffering from
continuous non-stop hurricanes and
you'll never visit Albania so a
reputation over the source of
information is number one in terms of
importance for users well if I'm a
blogger well I may forget about
reputation specifically if I never use
my own name so as Margaret mentioned we
have to check and double-check not for
ourselves but for our users and we keep
on repeating guys please select
yourselves because we also may make
mistake because we use such an enormous
amount of sources of information but
it's pretty easy to make a mistake like
you remember explosion in the White
House Obama wounded I remember I was in
the office at the time and then we saw
that that was a single source of news
and there was associated press before
task and you understand that was
Saturday evening so and the news was
originated by Twitter and Twitter a
source was a hacked and that was a joke
and that fake news well generated
incredible things so this is why I think
you have to forget about fake news we
should say truth and not complete truth
and lies
thank you very much like benedicted so
now it our task was also to blame and be
it Twitter or feed feed could also be
hacked alright and this is directly
related to the issue of cyber security
and unfortunately Maria Zahara is not
with us today and she cannot answer you
directly but I think Serena lobular from
her department will elaborate on that
thank you
margarita yes from Department of
Information and digital diplomacy our
department believes in all be good which
is related to social networks and
Internet so with the internet you can
reach very good results in the world
space so I want to speak about
information it is not just information
itself but it's exchange of data and the
digital diplomacy is thing the our
ministry is working
and all our representative offices in
various countries do the same
correspondingly we are doing our best at
you in our colleagues so that they try
to improve transparent dialogue with the
subscribers with the users in all
countries wherever our diplomats work
and within the latest period we can see
a problem with the fake news because in
our understanding this phenomenon is a
serious challenge which results in
undermining all efforts taken by
governmental bodies and efforts in in in
Internet so state-run and the non
state-run inches use various methods in
order to achieve their goals in Internet
and of course our country is suffering
from fake news and pretty often you can
see a Russia is being mentioned and
correspondingly we react to such things
we have a special section in our side
examples of fake news and distortions of
facts or events taking place in the
Russia and in other countries and we are
trying to dispel myths and show lies
about Russia and not just Russia fake
news in the world in the world new news
so we
what's happening in open messages we
simply it takes certain publications and
we analyze and unveil all allies in
there so we're doing that in Russian and
in English and then we distribute our
information through social networks and
our representatives mentioned Assange
and Snowden how are they doing and
what's your take on what their role is
and has been in fighting the global fake
news thank you
well first of all I do think this
question is described something new is
an extremely important one and we heard
two different views on that one from
Giovanni who defined it and then another
from Alexei who said that he doesn't
think it's anything new and I have to
say I side with Alexei I'm not really
quite sure why we needed a new term for
lying or propaganda given that it's as
old as governments themselves the
journalistic hero that I tried to follow
in my career is someone who is named
Izzy stone who was an independent
journalist in the 1950s and 60s during
the Cold War and his motto the thing
that he said was the most important
thing for journalists and citizens to
realize about the world is very simple
his phrase was all governments lie not
the American government lies not the
Russian government lies not the Italian
government lies all governments lie and
I have to say it's very strange as an
American to be part of a country that
really invented the concern over this
term fake news in 2016 and have it
concerned be generated by the very same
media the American media that only a
decade earlier
is telling all of its citizens that
Saddam Hussein had nuclear weapons and
biological and chemical weapons and was
in an alliance with al-qaeda lies that
provoked one of the most disastrous Wars
of this generation so is that fake news
it seems to me at fits Giovanni's
definition they were fabricated claims
claims that were untrue invented for
malicious reasons for a pretext to
invade a country that the United States
government had wanted to invade for a
long time and it's interesting that term
fake news to me reminds me a lot of the
term terrorism and it has a lot of the
same dangers in that terrorism too as a
term that has almost no definition you
could probably come up with the
definition you could say something like
its violence aimed purposely at
civilians for a political end but if you
look at how it's actually used for
example of people in Gaza or the West
Bank use violence against soldiers of
the Israeli military not civilians but
soldiers of the Israeli military in
their country or people in Afghanistan
use violence against American soldiers
not civilians but military targets in
their country that's called terrorism
it's a term that really has almost no
meaning but it's a very powerful term
because when governments use it they
claim a lot of powers and this is my
concern with the idea of fake news and
the fact that it's now a newly created
term even though to me it doesn't seem
to mean much of anything which is that
we now see government starting to try
and can't claim powers based on this
term I live in Brazil in Brazil there's
currently legislation pending that would
allow the government to censor websites
that the government of Brazil says is
disseminating fake news there's
discussions in the United States and
then your
and here in Russia about giving the
government the same power
I personally don't trust any government
to censor or try and control the
Internet based on what it claims is fake
news given how often fake news comes
from the governments themselves and
ultimately I really wonder whether or
not that's the reason why we have this
new term it's really interesting in 2016
I think Margaret has said Donald Trump
was the one who first started using the
term to apply to Russia a lot of people
think that it's actually not quite true
in fact the the term started to be used
by Donald Trump's political opponents
the Democrats who are claiming that fake
news was coming both from Trump
supporters and here in Russia in order
to help Trump get reelected it was it
over to help him get elected it was a
term used against Trump which Trump
himself has now taken and used to try
and discredit any reporting done against
him you see this over and over and over
now around the world where governments
aren't just trying to control the
Internet based on this term they're
trying to discredit reporting based on
it so Margaret asked me about Snowden
and Assange and how they're doing and it
relates to this question one of them is
doing very well one of them is doing not
quite as well actually spent the morning
with Edward Snowden right here in this
hotel as it turns out and and he's free
to travel this country he's
participating in the debate that he
helped to trigger where is Julian
Assange as we know has been cut off from
the internet has been cut off from
having any conversations or
participating in debate and I think that
that really is the interesting part of
it is in one sense the Internet can help
spread fake news but the Internet can
also help combat fake news and that I
think is really the change is that ten
years ago governments had control over
the ability to spread lies and now
because of the internet other people
besides governments can also spread
but people can also use the internet to
correct lies that governments are
telling that's what Julian Assange does
when he releases documents showing that
Western governments are lying and it's
what Edward Snowden did when President
Obama's top national security officials
stood before the US Senate and denied
that the US government was collecting
information on millions of Americans
which to me seems like it would meet
Giovanni's definition of fake news and
we were able to use the internet to
prove that those are lies so I think we
have to be very careful whenever we use
terms especially terms that are being
used by governments to claim power to
test whether or not they're really terms
that have clear definitions and
consistent applications or whether or
not they're really terms themselves of
propaganda designed to increase
government power and fake news to me
seems very much in the latter category
and that's why I find it so problematic
thank you very much you know if we we
have seen a huge and sharp decline of
public trust towards the media if you
look at the polls in the US if you look
at how low and going down the digits of
trust towards local TV stations major TV
stations and other mainstream media are
you'll see that it's becoming a huge
problem very different from what we
could see 50 years ago or 100 years ago
when people trusted what they read they
trusted what they saw and for them for
many of them it was a sort of a Bible in
Russia as well now do you think this
trust is regaining do you think that's
sort of a renewable energy or not and
also what is your project they intercept
he's doing in those terms thank you I
don't think it's a big mystery why faith
in media institutions has collapsed if
you look at the two most significant
events of the last 15 years not just in
the United States but probably for the
world one of them was the Iraq war
and I just discussed what the media's
role in that was which was to help
spread lies as opposed to correct them
the other one was the 2008 financial
crisis the consequences of which we're
all still living with and the US media
and the Western media there as well
continued for many years to say that
these policies of freeing Wall Street
would help bring prosperity and it ended
up doing the opposite I also think that
the Internet has exposed not just how
government's lie but also the way media
institutions help them till I because
there are so many more voices now that
can shine a light on what governments
and media institutions are doing and so
people are able now more to see the
truth and they're able more therefore to
see how easily their institutions of
authority lie to them and as a result
faith in those institutions predictably
and rationally has collapsed so the
intercept is intended in large part to
be a remedy to that and I think one of
the biggest problems is that because
large media outlets are often owned by
and controlled by the Society's richest
and most powerful people that's
certainly true in the United States it's
true here in Russia it's true in most of
Europe those factions tend to be very
close to the government state power that
they're supposed to be reporting on and
as a result instead of monitoring and
investigating and subjecting those
claims of those powerful factions to
scrutiny they instead serve as servants
for them they disseminate their messages
and what we're intended to do at the
intercept is instead to be adversarial
to people in power so if the United
States government claims that the
hacking of the TNC and John Podesta Z
mail was done by the Russian government
at the behest of this country's
president instead of just mindlessly
repeating that and telling everybody
it's true
our role is to say we need to see
evidence for that before we're willing
to believe it's true
and I think ultimately that is the key
to restoring faith in the media which is
to educate the public not to believe
anything that people in power tell them
governments or media institutions unless
they can see actual evidence convincing
evidence to believe it's true that's
just being a rational citizen and I
think the more we return to that model
the more faith people will have in
public discourse
Alexia press you'll slowly panic say
asked this floor I like to put a
question to Giovanni and then I'll give
the floor to you and all of you then
will be able to offer your remarks
answers and with regard to the previous
questions I also have another question
to you
Giovanni as far as I understand how much
responsibility do social media carry in
the dissemination of fake news and we
all know that many of them have now been
inventing some sort of algorithms to
prevent fake news from spreading is it
is it good or bad and is the threat real
that these algorithms on their own will
become methods of censorship because
people who invent them will use their
own beliefs to stop the views that are
not close to their own beliefs from
spreading on their platforms views and
news thank you
well first of all I can think about I
can talk about what Facebook is doing
now which is that in some countries I
think that the count is now at 24 I
think in the world it has partnered with
third party fact checker so as we pass
our poly car and basically what we do is
that we have a list of alert sent by
users that signal some content that they
think only links that they think
linked to freaking force news stories
and starting from that list which is
actually today is made by the users is a
collection of this signals then we check
some stories and we see if that kind of
story are actually incorrect and that in
some way brings back to what we were
discussing before because given the fact
that between total lie and an absolute
through there's a huge scale of gray and
I think everybody agrees on that there's
there are things that are true like I
don't know
that Moscow exists and that we went on
the moon everybody is okay with that
yeah we went to the moon yeah that's
true and that total lies like I don't
know reptilians exists or the Pope and
also don't Donald Trump well in the
middle dubbed in scale of gray what we
are going to fight today with with
Facebook is basically the total lies so
that kind of total and true stories that
I think is correct to call fake news
then it's true that as the other
panelists pointed out before that
there's a whole other kind of government
propaganda or not government propaganda
or twisted effects or you name it
there's every type of distortion of
information but that doesn't goes
against the fact that today total
falsehoods made up to make money with
clicks for example exist on the new
internet and that is the kind of stories
that I think is correct to call fake
news all the other uses of the term are
not technical or like a use of you know
they're basically I think of
figure of speech and acceleration so
okay but let the other part of the
question was about the role of the
algorithm and what Facebook plans to do
in order to improve this systems well I
think I've got two things to add on this
and I still again I'm speaking as a
third party for checker with Facebook
but I'm definitely not speaking for
space before Facebook not for example
because I do not have their salaries for
example and so I only speak for myself
and the first one is that Facebook is
obviously concerned about it because if
you if the platform goes as a place
where does a lot of false news and you
can't really see what you want to see
but only this kind of twisted stories
then you have a problem so I think that
their concern is genuine and the second
thing I think about that is that I do
not know what's the role of the
algorithm that what what is going to be
this role in the near future because as
of today all the experiments with
totally automated processes to process
content has been really really unuseful
and really like blunt instruments is
like trying to to do surgery with with
uh I don't know with a fork or something
like that so as of today a human
intervention is still much needed and I
do not know if there will ever be a day
when this kind of processes can be fully
automated so the baseline in this is
that a certain amount of human
intervention in this is always going to
end to happen and or is always going to
exist I think which is both a good thing
and a bad thing a good thing because you
can always have you know people you can
speak about that dude
kind of job and you can't reach the
moment when you can say okay that's not
my fault and if that kind of content is
not showing up on the time line because
if the algorithm know everybody is
always going to be there and in some way
it could be held accountable for what
for the decision the decisions that they
make and the other thing is that it's
also a bad thing because every human
being has its own biases and DEF obvious
another point in this discussion I think
is that all governments lies I'm not
sure that there's 100% true in the sense
that not not all governments lie in the
same ways and not always on all
governments lie in the same degrees and
with the same instruments what is true
is that all governments as and but
everybody and also government as its own
narrative as as its own framework in
which it looks at the world so much more
than seeing where there's this malicious
intent to concede the public I think
that is it is more useful in the in our
every every day-to-day way of using the
information always questioning which is
not why this guy and this guy is telling
this lie to me but what why this guy has
is narrative on it why is kind what is
like worldview to that is trying to give
to me and that is the very difficult
thing and it's the thing that no
algorithm is going to solve anytime soon
thank you thank you Alex see Alex see it
is all yours your comments already I
know and I have a question you work on
the air and being on the air as we know
is the situation where it is very
difficult to verify to check a goodness
of information and you know
what your guests might say in our tea
regulators in various countries talk to
us about words used by our guests was
that against the regulations set forth
by regulators or what do you do to make
sure that nothing of the kind happens
because the guests may say something
which may be viewed as extremists or on
illegal well actually we cannot do
anything about it
of course we train our journalists so
that the interrupt guests and does the
question why and how do you know for
instance someone estates roof is a flat
man Americans were never on the moon and
Zimbabwe president is replied and when
you ask a question how do you know and
the answer is everybody knows it and
what interior is supposed to do well if
someone comes to you and if foreign
regulators blame you well we are in a
different situation Russian our
regulators and Vladimir Vladimirovich
while criticizes our policy so everybody
knows that actually he is your
advertising agent yes I'm very grateful
to him well I would like to make a
comment on Dylan said I fully associate
myself with what the Glenn has said he
criticizes his own government an
American government
let us criticize our government because
we are likely to criticize American
government
and I would like to disintegrate the
question when we're cooking authorities
from various countries who lie or are
inaccurate
we mentioned Boris Johnson but we also
call called Sergey Lavrov when it comes
to scrape our case and one may be saying
Oh lies and the proportion of lies may
be a different but what is true and what
is not true must be corrected so 325
pages were publicized on now aside and
it's your right believe it or not
Trust is a very dangerous things I've
never fired four trust of our listeners
so that our listeners trust what we say
because trust I can give you an example
Russian example the first of May 1986
Chernobyl disaster and I read documents
from Ukraine to be Communist Party
Central Committee and there was a
suggestion not to make public any
information on Chernobyl disaster
because it was a holiday time maybe
first and people trusted the authorities
and they were on the demonstration on
the 1st of May and so what so thrust is
a very dangerous thing so what is
important is to bring critically
thinking individuals so echo of Moscow
is good but the most important thing is
to ask questions and
you should not be carried away by trust
people have a lot of sources of
information including rooted and
intoxicated sources and actually it's
your problem you is selected polluted
the source of information and you use
the information and you made a wrong
decisions well it's all because of you
Chechnya and Syria well very much
concern do you go there if you decide to
go there and if this will be your
decision but now we have with so many
sources and count the sources and
Giovanni is working on it
well out of ocean over not so wise
largest lies a well but there's
incomplete knowledge incomplete
information or which may be used for
laying foundation so if you use your
media if you are just with you family
then you have to remember about threats
of fake news I cannot see any magic wand
to clear sources of information in
Middle Ages people were guided by rumors
when Crusaders did what they did
or when they killed for instance all
Jews on their way because Jews according
to room was poisoned the wells
so people were guided by rumors and this
is what they did on their way to
Jerusalem so it's very important to
understand
threat news maybe 7 News and the 7 years
is basically all lies this is why one
has to fight for complete information if
you want to know what is happening in
lipids for instance then collect all
information related to lipids from
various sources nobody but you is
responsible for the job you all have
accounts basically you all are mass
media you are all disseminating
information and if you are disseminating
then you are expected to collect
information thrust may be dangerous
mistrust can also be dangerous I
remember not the story in the Crosstown
10 50 years ago people died because of
fake news because of rumors disseminated
through forums
the news was exported on nuclear station
of all Gdansk and it was hot weather
time and many people suffered because of
fake news nobody trusted the official
information so Mis trust can also be
dangerous so our responsibility is to
become such media that people trust so
Russia is being attacked Russia is being
blamed by all mainstream media stating
that Russia is the source of all fake
news starting from Syria Ukraine and
election in the United States what can
you say in response thank you indeed
there is a great deal of insinuations
about that and Russia I can repeat
is in the rule of object of attack
object for disseminating of fake
publications it's a situation when our
efforts are distorted upside down
fakes fake news are being stamped and
disseminated through social networks so
we are here not as a suspect
but we are direct object of attack I can
prove what I've said and at the same
time I would like to mention that what
glenn has said all governments lie well
it would I cannot understand with that
it would have been strange if you agreed
so we are doing our best in order to
increase transparency of diplomatic
service to a maximum so that we listen
and hear what people write write and say
in social networks so we go through
comments and I think social networks is
a great tool for dialogue with the
community with the internet uses so
governments should not be presented as
all liars
so of from our point of view these are a
very useful instruments for increasing
transparency of diplomatic services for
establishing transparent dialogue with
the people there may be various
questions for instance
visiting various places and so on back
to my faces we are an object of attack
once again and so for us
fake news is means of creating fake
reality in April 2017 but came across a
situation when our colleagues in the
chicken in Embassy in Czech and Slovakia
republics detected the fake pages and
Facebook that was a level job so
everything was done in Czech and Slovak
languages and our guys were simply
scared and surprised so those were tools
of anti Russian propaganda everything
was upside down on robben pages and our
authorities addressed the official
bodies in Czech Republic and in Slovakia
and Facebook offices and Maria Zakharova
mentioned that and we were surprised
when Facebook blocked fake page of
Russian embassy and and at the same time
faked blocked also the official page of
the real page of the Russian embassy in
Slovakia it's another topic for
discussion the evildoers who created
such a fake pages the question is what
were they guided by what the result of
such fake pages can be so irrespective
of our
publications the fake page is it stay
there but very real page was unblocked
in Slovakia the fake page is on the new
name now it's Embassy of the USSR in
Slovakia so it looks like a parody like
a joke but many people simply do not
understand such jokes many people visit
this page and we addressed Facebook but
somehow the page is still there so the
fake it will do is do everything to
deceive citizens and good people so
maybe they collect certain information
because people trust that fake page and
our commendations are not taken into
account pretty often so my point is that
the government's suffer from the same
problems and fighting of this phenomenon
requires great resources time and
attention thank you you have been
attacked many times by your former
colleagues by journalists of the
mainstream media for questioning the
mainstream narrative about Russia for
rebounding some of the false news about
Russia Trump collision and issue you've
been attacked for that and you're doing
it again why do you continue doing it
we all have career choices and if I had
wanted to spend my life
spreading the lies that the
various governments around the world
like to disseminate I would have gone to
work for those governments that isn't
the career that I chose to do the career
I chose to do was one that I've always
understood was designed to do the
opposite which is to demand evidence for
claims before we believe powerful
factions and the claims that they're
making you know frankly and I said this
constantly during the reporting that I
was able to do because of Edward Snowden
if I weren't being attacked by fellow
journalists I would be very very worried
about the job that I was doing given
that what I know about what their job is
you know and I think as part of the
broader discussion here I just want to
make a couple of points because it's
been I think a very interesting
discussion about this whole concept of
fake news and who does it and who the
victims are and what we ought to do
about it so I just want to address a
couple of points on that relate to the
question you asked me but also to some
of the premiere discussion so on this
question that Giovanni was talking about
about the work he's doing with Facebook
in the role of social media you know I
think we have to ask ourselves we were
talking a little bit earlier about do we
trust government's to censor or control
the Internet
in the name of stopping fake news and my
answer at least is no I don't trust my
government I don't trust your government
to do that I don't trust any government
to do that
I think it's much better to have a free
and open Internet even if that has risks
and problems I think the risks and
problems are much outweighed by giving
the government your government or my
government the power to control the
Internet and decide what is allowed and
what is not allowed to be on it in the
name of what's true and not true then
there's the question of okay well if we
don't trust the government do we trust
Facebook do we think that Mark
Zuckerberg is going to wake up tomorrow
and decide that his role in running
Facebook is not to maximize the profits
of Facebook
as the law requires his goal to be but
instead that his goal is to better
humanity that he's going to try and make
sure that the Internet is only
disseminating what he and the people he
chooses to work with him decide is true
and decided as false
I don't trust Facebook any more than I
trust my government or your government
to make those decisions in fact I might
trust them less in part because I spent
three years reading very secret
documents of my own government that
described how Facebook and Apple and
Google were working in very close
collaboration with the American
government with the British government
with the governments of Canada New
Zealand in Australia to take all of the
data that they had gathered about all of
us and hand it over to the government
because they perceive that doing so was
in their interests so you know I think
the question of do we trust people like
Facebook and very well-intentioned
people like Giovanni to decide what is
true and what is false is a very
difficult question and a very important
one to address so let's look at the
example that Giovanni gave he's
absolutely right there are certain
things that we can all agree is rational
people are true and false for example we
all know 2+2 is 4 and not 5
we know that Moscow is in Russia and not
in Italy or take his example of well the
Pope endorsed Trump the Pope didn't
really endorse Trump that's an easy
question the problem with thinking about
fake news this way is that you can
justify any power by picking the most
extreme and the easiest example to
justify it so for example my country had
a debate over the last 15 years and
still has a debate about whether torture
is justified even though every
Convention and every treaty prohibits it
in all cases so if I wanted to convince
you that torture was something you
should allow I could use the same
tactic that that Giovanni used to
convince you to allow Facebook to censor
fake news I could pick the easiest
possible case to convince you I could
say to you let's imagine that there's
somebody who planted a nuclear bomb
somewhere in this city we don't know
where and we know it's going to detonate
in 12 hours and we can't find that bomb
unless we torture the person that we
have in our possession who we know
planted it and torture is the only way
we can find out so if I ask you that
question
should we use torture is torture
justified a lot of you maybe all of you
will say yes I think torture is
justified if that's the only way to save
the hundreds of thousands or millions of
people who are going to die if we don't
use it the problem with that tactic is
that we know that if we justify torture
based on this example it's never going
to be confined to those easy cases it's
then going to be used in other kinds of
cases where there's far less at stake
where the person's guilt is far more in
doubt and the proof of that is how we
see torture being used today all over
the place for far less cases so have I
really believed that Facebook was only
going to delete from the internet things
like the Pope endorsed Trump or the
Americans didn't really go to the moon I
still would be against it I still would
be uncomfortable with it but at least I
would see the debate more clearly the
problem is is that I know that that
isn't how that power is going to be used
that's how they're going to get their
foot into the door of being able to
control a free and open Internet and
then they're going to start using it for
things that they dislike if you look for
example at how Facebook is currently
using its censorship powers in the
Middle East there are two competing
countries in the Middle East that are
constantly at war with one another over
information one of them has a great deal
of power military financial and
diplomatic power that country is Israel
the other country has very little
military diplomatic and economic power
that's Palestine so when both of those
countries go to Facebook and say we want
you to remove this information because
it's fake or because it incites
terrorism or violence
guess who Facebook listens to they
listen to Israel in 96 or 97 percent of
the cases where they grant those
requests and they listen to Palestine
almost never and that is the reality of
how the world works is we only have two
choices we don't have other choices we
don't have an ideal world where only
fake things are going to remove from the
internet we have cute choices we have
the choice of we can have a free and
open Internet even knowing that
sometimes false things are going to be
published on it or we can have an
internet we're the most powerful and
richest factions government and
corporations get to control what goes on
there and what comes off of it and to me
when I'm presented with those two actual
choices in the real world it's not a
very difficult choice for me to make the
last point I wanted to make is about
what Circuit was saying about the
Russian government being the object of
fake news he's right there are
definitely misinformation and
disinformation campaigns aimed at the
Russian government designed to make the
Russian government look bad to make it
look as though they've done things that
they didn't really do it is also true
that the Russian government perpetrates
those kinds of campaigns as well and I
think that this is one of the things
that we have to realize so when I say
all governments lie as Giovanni said I
agree with him completely it doesn't
mean all governments like equally that
they all lie in the same way some
governments lie were some governments
lie bless but the history of the Cold
War is that the US and Russia the Soviet
Union we're doing things to one another
that were almost identical and claiming
at the same time that they were each the
victim and the other was the perpetrator
when in fact they were both the
perpetrators and I think that that's the
reality as mature adults that we have to
recognize is when countries and powerful
factions have competition with one
another none are angels they all do
things to one another that are very
similar they start using similar tactics
and so what do we as the people of the
planet want to make sure we do for me
it's to preserve the tools that we have
in our hands to make sure we have access
to as much information as possible to
guard against and protect against
misinformation deceit and lies from any
powerful faction and to me that means
fighting to keep the internet free of
control from any of these powerful
factions whether that control was
justified in the name of terrorism or
fake news or anything else
thank you very much Glen see the
audience loves you at least in Russia
format not produced matriz the format of
this meeting well organized is also
generous so they'd have allowed us to to
receive some questions from the audience
I assure you none of you would like to
miss out an opportunity to put a
question to such a famous prominent
persons who are really well known in the
world in this country as well so who
would like to speak um
the microphone please good afternoon my
question is given to my first question
is alexei said that many points or
stations over in term of dissemination
can be prob'ly season related to
information will not be a trigger for
following events information would
become some white noise not a result in
some events finally and my second
question that relates well let's first
answer the first question yeah we are
very pressed for time it's a question to
our alexei well it doesn't seem to me
like that because you do not consume all
the information available elsewhere but
you look for as much as you can eat up
and those whom you can eat up and the
dissemination of this designation points
well i I've understood it for myself
maybe I'll have another viewpoint it has
already occurred we are living in a new
reality and we should speak not about
that internet and social networks are a
tool I was rather struck at a larger
discussion and when everybody accepted
Herman Graff regarded this story is a
tool no it's a medium media where we
existed medium it's likely you know like
amphibia well began to know to grow a
wings and go ashore
so the capability to select the
appropriate the second information is
fine although this is white noise for
you but for your neighbor it will be
absolutely vice versa and for President
Trump and President Putin will be a
third and two fourth block of
information acceptable as soon as they
meet I can imagine where they are talk
on the 16th of July no apologize you
intervened in our election no you did
intervene now I know I didn't and it
will be endless no I assure you I assure
you I have a different reporter from my
employees well it's it these are
information flows that I hope that for
themselves it's a new world in a new
reality there I do not think that all of
it will probably be a
the lewodan spread over the plate every
institution will gather what it wants
well it seems to me well the talk will
be you didn't TV in the entire
collection
thank you there thank you for that it's
a recognition you're talking against a
TV camera
I'm from the center of speech
technologies I'd like to to to descend
to the level of technology as you
mentioned cybersecurity and so on I do
agree with a part set by our panelists
that fake news probably wrong Jeremy
there are old good notions like this
information manipulations over but my
question is different
margherita said something about an ideal
country model an ideal world new
technologies have cropped up that do not
allow to to discern to distinguish well
what Alexis said fine to find some way
some archives a record a TV record or a
soundtrack that a person said or not
said something now we have now some
commercial technologies for that in one
of American continent countries where if
three minutes you record of a person can
be sent well please please let it be a
question not your monologue my question
is now when it all of it is emerging and
we see audio records you know it's it's
impossible to to to see the difference
whether it's something was really sad or
just record it what will what will you
do as any as an engineer I cannot see an
answer here what is fake what is not
what was recorded or just miss recorded
but a question - what will you do it's a
question rather to you yourself as an
engineer dear colleagues can you answer
in an answer at all there
1% of a question however when the
technology becomes so advanced that you
can't really tell true image or true
video from a fake one what are you going
to do well I think there was a point of
optimism and this and and is that even
the highest level of a video
falsification for simple the deep fakes
and the last few months and they haven't
reached the ability today it's not they
are not so so good as to fool everyone
so as far as I know I would say we can
still be confident that it won't
mmm it is in the near it is not in the
near future at the moment when something
video or audio will be 100 percent
surely fake and we are not able to
detect it today we are not in that
moment I know that platforms are working
hard to find ways to find fake videos
and fake photos because again it's
against is is for the interest to find
out how to spot the false ones and so
when the moment will come then it will
really be scary but I I also think that
if the technology advances too much it
will also find a ways to find the tools
to detect them yeah we just would anyone
glad would like to add something I'd
like to add that as for the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs it's important to
maintain your diplomatic presence in the
country it's one of the missions all the
embassies in other countries to maintain
the appropriate and required level of
communication public communication in
order to reach at nd verify the things
that are represented as reality we we
always inevitably respond to diplomat
expulsion because of the space for
dialogue never rules and maintain and
it's hard to maintain interfaces with
the local authorities in the respect to
can
more questions please please you
I made a hell of an investment company
doesn't it seem to you well this hype
hyping around fake news there everybody
is looking for someone guilty who
deliberately creates this hype these
faked stories or probably the obstacle
is that the traditional mass media with
a current model is probably outdated and
they probably carry some faults in here
and faulty and it should be upgraded
there and to change abreast with a
technology revolution with new formats
to appear to depart from fakes fakes I
would like to ask I don't know who
should be the respondent I don't know
dear colleagues who would like to
comment on that well again I think it's
very interesting and very revealing that
this concept of fake news first began to
receive great prominence during the 2016
election in the United States that's not
a coincidence and it took on even added
urgency after the election and I think
there are two major reasons for that the
first one is it's very important to
realize what a shock it was and is to
the American political system what the
outcome of the 2016 election was not
just because the vast majority of
American media elites wanted Hillary
Clinton to win and Donald Trump to lose
but because the vast majority of
American institutions predicted with
great certainty and confidence that
Hillary Clinton would win and Donald
Trump would lose and so once the
opposite happened once Trump
and Hillary Clinton lost the American
political system needed an explanation
about why something like that could
happen and why they got it so wrong one
of the explanations about why it
happened was the favorite tactic of
governments which was to say it wasn't
anything that was wrong with our country
it was this other foreign country over
there that was actually to blame and
that's a major reason why fingers
continued to be pointed at the Russian
government but it was also to say the
reason that it happened is because there
was this new menace this new disease
that was invented called fake news that
tricked the American population into
doing something they otherwise never
would have done which was to elect
Donald Trump instead of Hillary Clinton
excuses were needed villains were
required that people needed to point
fingers at someone other than themselves
for this very shocking event and that's
why there's became this obsession with
the Russian government but also with
fake news the other point that I would
add is that if you're a large media
institution and as Margareta said
earlier you see that faith in your
institutions are declining nobody's
willing to pay any longer for what is
that you're producing nobody thinks that
you have great authority anymore you
want to come up with an explanation
about why people should trust you and
this is why the fake news theory has
also become so popular especially among
large media figures is because it's a
way of saying the reason you should
trust us is because we're the ones who
tell you the truth that things that you
find on the Internet the people who
don't work for us the people who don't
own the TV stations they're telling you
things that aren't true they're telling
you fake news it's a way for large media
institutions who have lost authority and
credibility to
regain it by inventing this concept that
is designed to try and force people to
turn back to them as the only Authority
and the only institution so I think it's
important to realize where these themes
came from and what is motivating them
Thank You Glenn
Alex EU domination Thank You Glenn Alex
hey do we have anything it's not the
question is not this simple
everybody has discussed Trump here let's
recall brexit let us think about my
inlet who had gathered 40% of the world
would see in the second around let's say
recall Germany where I did the other 16%
the personalistic party definitely
second what's the role of a mass media
yeah I think that a to process is
currently on hand that had been missed
out by the traditional media and the
politicians these are the two waves that
have coincided wave number one created
in these countries the party of fear the
party of fear is based on two things
uncontrolled a migration of the aliens
others
different people different culture and a
politician er that would come up and say
I protect you from there that he will
get from this apart you'll feel great
bonus overconfidence and you'll ask me
it was not the case previously no it
wasn't firstly because a traditional
media institutional what is the media
they sought to find a compromise to give
the flow to everyone while retaining the
broadest audience possible because they
are mass media and the politicians who
went for election to the office of power
they can't consider this standpoint
etk Trump so politicians could go
directly to their to party for instance
when he said I'll erect a wall on the
border with Mexico and nobody asked him
about money or anything else
Trump directly said what he wanted
and when they asked the question about
separating families the question was
simply ignored and using technological
is social networks basically there was a
genius invention so this is how Trump
got half of America and Farraj speaking
about brexit Raja Orwell admitted
certain lies so British money is not for
birds and milk and you remember in
Twitter in Facebook in YouTube he
directly addressed the electorate and he
start explaining aliens will do
everything differently in not out
additional away and basically the story
of populism is still in place
politicians well used to go and talk
directly to voters
but now situation is different it is
different to ask questions in Twitter on
Facebook I'll teach you well but POTUS
will simply ignore your question it will
it will not be ignored if it is a
discussion a direct discussion but but
in Twitter or Facebook it's possible
well we saw all journalists writing in
social networks in Twitter so my
journalists express his personal opinion
and
then I had to do how to save the
situation so the fact is we have a new
communicative system well Facebook and
Twitter are now maybe viewed as the
traditional mass media so what I say he
and what I say might may be different
and basically there is no good solution
at this point of time so we have our
audience radio Twitter or audience and
various media has various rules
it is like earth and fire and ground and
Joe is also operating in various media
so so we could ask well someone direct
question if we have contact but in
Twitter or Facebook it's different thing
so all we have to learn how to start
using new things now we are in crisis
and crisis the results in death or
recovery so now we have a slightly
higher temperature than normal we only
have time for one question thank you
the question is very interesting one but
I have something to point out on this I
am the minority opinion sorry you say
that the fake news phenomenon forces the
traditional media to change their model
that's that that's true that generation
in media mainstream India needs to
change their model but I'm not sure
actually that traditional media have a
problem of trust they have much more
problem of readership which is totally
different
the Eurobarometer data made in the
European Union says that still today
the most trusted media in the in the
whole European Union are the traditional
one a radio is at the first place radios
the first I think TV is the second and
the social media that is one of the most
into interesting thing for the for this
whole discussion is that duration media
are like at the lowest level their
adornment the exact and figure but what
we can take out from this is that people
know that what they read on the Facebook
Timeline could be true and could not
they're not stupid they otherwise they
understand that what they hear on the
radio is very often more true than what
they see on the social media that's true
that's something that people do
understand they totally get it
problem is that what they sell today a
newspaper says something which is news
that it's in a format which is a sheet
of paper
the day after it solely is that thing
that is not working is the the the way
they are conveying they're they're
paying content is not working but the
trust in the media itself the trust in
there I don't know I do an example in
the New York Times is not is not low for
the simple fact that if you look at the
Twitter account of the New York time it
has a bazillion number of followers so
it's not that the people don't doesn't
trust the New York Times anymore is that
they don't buy it the day after because
they feel that they have already gotten
the news the day before so the question
of trust in traditional media needs to
point out also and the discussion on
fake median and fake news needs to also
to point out that we are not so naive
and we are not so stupid when we look at
our facebook timelines we know that what
we look could be true could me not but
it's not the same thing that if we look
on TV or read it on on a newspaper thank
you thank you master could let Navarro
see we have a question just for one
question and let it be a good question
I'll do my best at alarum Ashkenazi Jew
the world economy international
relations I have a question to our
foreign guests Glenn and Giovanni most
speakers of today's session confirmed
the fact that there is a ver launch
campaign against the Russia Russia
Russian government and so forth and I
would like to know your opinion what do
you think about a global strategic a
global strategic target of such a
campaign against Russia and Russian
government thank you well I think that
the easiest way to look at this is again
the idea of the clash of narratives so
it's totally true there's just this big
clash of narratives between I would say
an American Western one and a Russian
one and but it it is also because of of
the fact that both of them both of these
like I would say don't know the Western
mainstream ideas and Russian mainstream
ideas are by itself in conflict they
choose to be in conflict and so they try
to find the argument to punch the
adversary so I would say that is true
that there's a impart
derogative narrative against Russia in
some Western circles
that's obvious everybody knows it it's
also through this sometimes you have the
impression that from the Russian
perspective this like does this like
this parcel it is a siege mentality and
I don't know how how much is it
justified it's probably there's
something some part of truth in that but
there's also a part of feeling like the
one which is constantly and always
wrongly attacked and this is probably
there's a truth and force field in death
too
thank you I always stay at that Glen so
it's interesting because as I mentioned
before although I'm American I live in
Brazil where I've lived for 13 years and
it's so interesting to watch brazilians
listen to Americans say with great anger
how dare another country interfere in
our democracy as though it's something
that no country in the world has ever
done besides Russia and I live in a
continent where the governments of that
continent have been repeatedly
overthrown and changed by my own
government not using fake facebook ads
but violence and coos and all other
kinds of far more extreme measures then
the United States government is accusing
Russia of engaging in it really has
become an obsession in the United States
to think about all problems emanating
from Moscow and not just in the United
States but also now in the UK as well
that we've started to make a list of all
of the things in the world that have
been blamed in American media on
President Putin and on the Kremlin and
it's going to take us probably three or
four more months to complete because
it's endless
so it really has become an obsession and
you know Giovanni's right there is sort
of a siege mentality maybe if you look
at a map and see the expansion of NATO
up to the Russian borders into the
countries that NATO had promised never
to expand maybe you can understand the
seas mentality a little bit better but
at the same time I do think I do agree
with what Giovanni said and I'll just
end with this note when I was on when
when Edward Snowden was trapped in the
Moscow Airport in 2013
for six weeks and the United States
government wanted to get their hands on
Edward Snowden more than they wanted
anything else I was almost certain that
the two governments were gonna work out
a deal to hand Snowden over in exchange
for things the Russian government wanted
there are fugitives in the United States
that the Russian government has long
wanted that the US government wouldn't
give you just do a deal and as we know
it didn't happen five years later Edward
Snowden is still in the in in Russia and
so I asked somebody a friend of mine
who's been a Russian journalist for a
long time why couldn't they do a deal
and what he said was that the Russian
government the military and the
intelligence and the political class and
the American intelligence and political
and military class have so much
animosity embedded within them from the
Cold War through to today
then even deals that are in their
self-interest are things that are almost
impossible to do it is true as Giovanni
said that they both think of each other
as these kind of competing enemies even
though in so many areas and President
Obama had tried to say this President
Bush before him said this the two
countries actually have a lot of common
interests they work together on the Iran
deal they've worked together in Syria
they work together against terrorism but
there is so much animosity that goes
back so many decades that I think that
whether it's your government telling you
that it's the victim and my government
telling me and us that it's the victim
we ought to be very very skeptical
whenever any one side says the real
victim is us because I think by and
large the treatment that each side gives
to each other is more equal than it is
different yeah do most of them know I
believe I believe in order to draw up
the or the overall picture why the US
government could not agree with our with
the Russian government about the
giveaway of snow then even you Blaine
were confident and that I would have to
translate for you for a long that we
have a state that and no one gives up
someone from the reward or
from Russia that is so otherwise it's
hard to understand this conflict
I think news well well we have talked a
lot about fake news that may end up not
just in some poor relationships with
between countries and governments it was
some displeasure that someone has a
light as some obvious deaths a thousand
millions of deaths as a result it in
Iraq when almost all the US media Glenn
mentioned I try to convince people in
existence what did not exist in fact
fake news undermines the confidence in
media but this will result in even more
and catastrophic implications like the
Chernobyl and other stories all of us
are aware of that and we are living in
the middle at least dilemma on the one
hand we have to fight against fake news
on the other hand they fight us against
it we suddenly have also question about
that who is the judge who is a judge we
have talked a lot about about fake news
as being very convenient very hand it we
used it as a pretext as an excuse owner
to want to be established sense
censorship and to save the world with a
hand or some notional sucker burger and
the governments of other countries will
have to live on words will long in this
dilemma maybe for forego that let us
applaud our great panelists thank them
indeed and thanks thanks
