all fans come to the World Cup hoping
it's going to be their site that lifts
the famous trophy after the final but in
order for teams to go through teams have
to go out but the fans and many cases
they stay out the tournament and they
maybe pick up a second team maybe move
on and support somebody who they haven't
thought they would be following in the
past I'm joined now by two fans who had
come here hoping they were gonna see
Leonel Messi and Argentina go on towards
the final not to be of course I'm joined
by Mariano and Enzo who've come from Los
Angeles but of course supporting
Argentina tell us a little bit about the
tournament so far what your experience
has been why it's been fantastic great
great people in Russia they treat us
very well and well unfortunately our
side didn't make it but will will we go
for the for the second best for us which
is why right now now Enzo you've been
watching this with the old man have you
had to keep them in line at times yeah
my dad has quite a loud mouth but I'm
really just happy to be here
Messi's not going to be lifting the
famous trophy this time around Argentine
have gone home empty-handed you guys
don't have to go home empty-handed if
produce Anastacio throws me our ball
we've been having a bit of a keep you up
contest throughout the tournament now I
can tell you that the English fans I
think the highest they got was around 16
the Panamanian fans that are winners so
far I couldn't even count how many we're
done
do it for Argentina and the ball is
yours for 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
17 18 that will do 18 that's your gift
guys you're taking that home with you
thank you very much guys enjoy the rest
of the tournament and good luck to you
look like things are they playing them
thank you very much thank you
you
