spirit the program of the digital
economy I hope we can work similarly in
other programs because we still have a
digitization of our industries
healthcare education agriculture
industry 4-0 transportation and
logistics we hope that in these
industries we will be able to preserve
this rationale this this approach but it
is difficult in government mr. Singh
we've heard a Russian view we've heard
what it means for a government and the
biggest bank but you take an
international view because I guess
cybersecurity doesn't stop at one
country's borders it's global so
presumably the response to it must be
global and yet the cyber criminals are
more agile they can move faster they can
develop newer tools how can the good
guys take control how can we be
optimistic that's a very interesting
question actually I spoke with Michael
Reid so if we were still optimistic and
I think when you work in cybersecurity
you have to be optimistic otherwise you
cannot work in that area I think that it
will we will go from bad to worse so to
say so I'm not optimistic around the
development of the internet because lots
will happen in the future and you will
see that there will be new forces that
changes us to actually speed up a bit in
the cooperation we will all move from
PCs to mobile platforms that will enable
us to grow the internet population from
3.5 billion to 7 billion very fast they
were all access the internet in 2023 we
assume that there will be more than 55
billion devices connected to the
Internet which only does
machine-to-machine communication IOT so
we are slowly
connecting the whole physical world and
anything we touch to the Internet
we're also creating cloud services that
reduces the cost of storage and that
means that more and more will be kept in
storage and then we add to that
artificial intelligence this will give
us huge economic and growth and good
potentials and we have to look at them
first of all so security is here to
protect this the problem is can be
actually protected in the sex in the in
the settings we are in now and I'm a bit
more in doubt here the traditional view
for security in cyberspace is that
you're always striving for absolute
security and that doesn't exist also not
in the physical world so we have to find
a way how can we actually address and
create acceptable level of crime right
now it's completely out of proportion I
must say as a former police officer we
don't arrest anybody five or ten you
know sometimes from left and right but
compared to who they are out there we
don't arrest enough and we have focused
too much I think on a defense so we are
trying to protect ourself out of this
which creates this whack-a-mole that we
make a defense they penetrated then we
make a new defense and they penetrated
so I think that instead of looking at
the bullet in the wounds and see if we
can make a better bulletproof best we
should look at the guy who holds the gun
right and if we reduce the number of
criminals in this area I think that we
could actually impose a risk and we
could lower crime but how do we then do
that in a global reality where we have
very very little trust between
nation-states we have to work on this I
think and I think that we have a fair
chance of doing it and that is what the
World Economic Forum has set up its
sensor to do is to use it as a neutral
platform to bring together the Americans
the Russians the Chinese the Europeans
around the table and try to discuss how
we can deal with this phenomenon and I'm
happy to say that we are very very close
to reach that goal that we will have law
enforcement officers from these four
regions around the table and discussing
how we get to the next step and then
slowly but
securely tried to build trust the
majority of the problem has been and I
think you know that margarita is fake
news and where there has been a load of
a discussion and you know mixing of what
nation state does and whatever I'm
addressing crime pure profit greed crime
and terrorism not anything else if we
can get rid of this it would be safer to
be a Russian Internet user and American
introduced at dana's Internet user or
British Internet user so we try to work
for the whole community
so my sensor is working in six areas the
first one is strategy because there are
actually countries who doesn't have a
security strategy on cyber the second
one is one that was mentioned also by UW
Prime Minister is how can we create
policies governance and standards
healthcare princes hackers very hack
healthcare equipment right now in my
scanners and x-ray scanners we don't
know really why they take all the
history of the patients but they can
also tangle with the equipment and
that's because there are no standards in
that area so we need so that is another
work stream but the third work stream is
how can we combine security and
innovation so we have a stream for that
where we look at what is what are the
companies what will spare Bank maybe
develop and deploy in eight months and
12 months and 14 months from now and how
will the criminals look at that in their
research and development departments and
tried some issues is there any way we
can make that less easy for them the
fourth area is emerging cyber threats so
I'm not so interested in what is hacking
you know happening to me now I'm more
interested in what they are planning to
do and and we will have it seem for this
and if we find something that seems to
be very bad DDoS attacks ransomware
attacks DNS server attacks and other
things we will move that to a team that
cause systemic cyber threats and then
try to do something about it and last
but not least we haven't seen for
resilience because it's not about if I
get hacked it's about when you get
hacked and when you get hacked you need
to have a system in place that you can
deal with a hack because the press will
be there and
right about it life your customers with
nothing can be kept secret anymore so
you need to have a plan for that
otherwise it will impact your prices and
other things and maybe make a very small
hack very catastrophic 'el which there
is no need to and then on top of that we
are trying to build capacity because mr.
Graf said rightfully we are probably
lacking 1 million people hands inside
the security can we do this in an easier
way in Africa and some of the emerging
economies I think we can not by creating
more computer science education but
maybe we can create it 3 months the
Diploma education for people who are
good on cyber and graduate them and then
they can be spin into and be part of the
challenge the other thing we will do is
we will create a 24/7 virtual cyber
crime task force so if we see a new one
a crime we can actually activate this
task force there will be a member from
spear bank there in this and other
experts from from the best companies in
the world and for the first time we
might be able then to assess this attack
and then we can do something about it
and warn the rest of the world instead
of just waiting for them to be infected
and these are some of the areas that we
want to but trust I think is the biggest
differentiator and I also think in the
future that trust will be the biggest
competitive differentiator we talked
about integrity of information can you
actually trust big organizations with
your data we saw in the voting in the
first panel that the majority of you
here voted that you do not trust this is
your biggest risk was you know all those
who keeps your data if they can keep
them secure and I think people will move
out of these companies who cannot that's
why it should be a trigger but we must
never compete on security and catching
crews here we need Russia we need
everybody to do their part of the heavy
lifting and I'm so happy also to be here
know that spear bank has actually
decided to be a founding father of the
World Economic Forum's cyber sensor so
this Bank is one of five global
companies that supports
in these efforts and I'm a heavy
believer in cooperation that's the only
way forward
thank you so this word trust is going to
be a central aspect of our conversation
the World Economic Forum is unusual in
convening people from many countries to
solve problems beyond politics and yet
if you follow the news agenda politics
is ever more central you know we're
about to head into a trade war there are
discussions about sanctions mr. Deputy
Prime Minister when you are talking to
colleagues from other nations and you're
thinking that we need to collaborate on
this big issue that goes beyond politics
how do you think we need to address the
issue that solution now a team will miss
Eugenia nauseous employed without
confidence and trust one particular
event international agenda I'm not
really implying you're our moderator
I'm also referring to numerous
international counterparts I know
numerous international contacts ongoing
from the Russian side has been
continuously stepped up but keep raising
these issues nothing president of
Russian Federation spoke about it but
the greatest distress that Trust is the
value that is the easiest to lose but is
the most difficult to recreate vast
field joint cooperation federal
authorities great enthusiasm this global
work and we certainly did not correct
the Russian Federation but Caesars on
the world map I would like to add two
things to what and the Deputy Prime
Minister mentioned starts with and I'm
fully agreed in agreement with Maximoff
I can't manager manager trust force you
to be open with me I'm supposed to
demonstrate how open I am you trust me
unless you've demonstrated this you
cannot ask anything similar of your
partner it works this is like this it
works with life it works with the
government authorities we often forget
the instance we ask our partners to
trust us but trust starts with our own I
think this forum is another gesture of
President Putin for this very reason he
said that we are open ready to cooperate
this is the kind of gesture that we make
to
to get the ball rolling and this is very
important to build relations with people
who will respond in kind so there's no
disagreement that this is a
multi-national challenge that we need to
collaborate across borders and there are
a few institutions that collaborate as
closely when it comes to law enforcement
as Interpol Meng Hong way welcome to the
conversation we've heard some compelling
arguments about why we need
international alliances to ensure cyber
security what's the role of a specialist
agency like yours in going beyond what
government and private sector can do
share his or her
didn't hang out some other green good
today we've got a lot of important
participants a lot of issues raised and
everyone disgusts the same thing the one
problem that is foremost on everyone's
mind
what does internet bring us what are the
positive and what are the negative
things has stem out of the internet I
would like to comment on one thing the
world of the Internet has already become
an essential part of our life we can
never we will never be able to erase the
internet out of our lives but this is
not exactly the problem in its entirety
the problem is that future to which the
Internet is taking us right now the
Internet is taking cybersecurity very
serious there we do know that the world
of the Internet is a virtual world we
used to think that it will make our
lives more convenient not comfortable
the farther out the more convenient our
lives it'll be contribute to development
it did not come out exactly like this it
came out actually exactly different
expectation the virtual world merged
with the real world and the more that a
technology evolved there's plexus became
ever more tangled you know from the very
moment of Inception of civilization from
the moment from the time of its
beginnings we've always been in the real
world there has never been a virtual
world the world has changed and I think
that from the point of view of
and me or human development societal
development we are beyond the point of
no return the point that our ancestors
had never imagined I'm having passed
there's a point of no return we could
never go back and now we are in a brave
new world what will it bring to us we
have seen that this world has been
upended and not just the economic
realities humans changed the morals
changed the relations between nations
changed everything changes a lot of
things happen this change is only going
to continue to accelerate and when we
talk about cybersecurity in the jargon
in police pollens we have these
unconventional threats to security we
used to say that there is conventional
crime murders burglary and theft drug
trafficking these are the things that
you can see that you can touch
they are tangible by respect to
conventional crime the police have
accumulated a lot of tools yet right now
we are facing a brand new a virtual
world that is essentially trans-border
it's virtual and it is swiftly
accelerating rising when we face this
changes we are not ready for that at all
currently the international community
for instance a is focusing on terrorism
cyber threats we for now have not found
one single way and efficient way
efficient method to fight with these
cybercrime
I believe that this should wake up the
international community we're not
talking about the quantitative change
but qualitative changed that should
happen the paradigm shift should happen
we see that the international community
currently is not ready to work within to
face such a challenge we have opened the
door to some a portal to some unknown
future and first of all we saw a lot of
bonuses a lot of good things there a lot
of convenience stuff but while moving
along we do not know what concealed
threats and dangers await us there when
we turn right or left what problems will
we see therefore we have to be alert
highly alert when thinking about in you
unpredictable challenges that might
arise but we should protect the
interests of the entire humanity the
second thing is what can we actually
offer in terms of well what is available
right now many things have been said
today about that first of all
international cooperation and by
cooperation I mean a fully fledged
cooperation a proper cooperation and
cybersecurity so here we I mean if you
only talk about the cooperation between
the law enforcement agencies or the
government agencies or this it's well
that's not enough we need to create this
single front to unite our efforts first
and foremost to try to find this new
efficient measures Interpol has already
published and created a strategy
and we should say that this strategy is
also based on the underlining on the of
the importance of cooperation but it
should say that many policemen are not
really good at internet economy the
providers of such services are good at
that and the other digital companies
that are related to digital economy so
we need to to connect to them to reach
them so what we want is and what we
support is the following vision the law
enforcement agencies of other countries
should reinforce the relations within
themselves the police should work closer
with the government with the state
agencies with the businesses with the
civil organizations and engineer NGOs
and with the active members of the civil
society who are concerned about these
problems therefore I would like it
brings another thought to me this in
cooperation well you should talk about
the cooperation we should walk the talk
basically because the the talks are
endless yes but we need to take action
and these actions should be implemented
as part of some platform to impact
properly this cybercriminals and the
creation of this platform should be
actively supported by private businesses
and banks why banks are so interested in
that well because they are the first
targets of these attacks also these
civil organizations NGOs should
participate in that and only biker
agents such a platform will be able to
play a major role in addressing this
really this this waterfall of crime that
is going upon us
let's take banks for instance
a bank can be attacked from a totally
different place in the world country
located far far from this Bank and the
effect from this attack the spillover
effect might might go global actually
might be global and here the
law-enforcement agencies should be ready
for these algorithm they should have
some scenario in terms of how to act
what to do but for that they need a
proper a good level of cooperation
obviously now talking about the money
the stolen money on what are they spent
the majority of these funds in several
hours they are legalized so the money
laundering machine is working working
and you know these become a proper
legalized money that you can spend on
and look at the tools how can you
monitor these tools that launder this
money we should strive to control it on
each stage and another simple insight
the platform how to create such a per
platform who can be partners here or
perhaps you would think that I would
talk about my organization about
Interpol that Interpol is going to play
a core a row here this organization has
been existing for more than hundred
years we have hundreds of 92 Member
States and in the nearest years another
several countries will accede to our
treaty and will enter Interpol 24/7 we
receive huge volume of information we
have 16 operative crisis center for
processing data to that process great
volumes of data and Singapore has a
major excellent center we have a second
hq1 in in France and another very
important second secondary HQs is in
Singapore and it is largely focused on
fighting with cybercrime thank you
information platform that aggregates
real-time data from the various
stakeholders information and Trust have
been key parts of the conversation
margarita
some onion you work in the world of
information and you've also seen how
Trust in media has been a growing issue
in the last few years if you're trying
to persuade citizens to change their
behavior if you're trying to help
organizations collaborate sometimes
across borders to try and solve the
problem of cybercrime you're going to
need people to understand what the truth
is and it's a challenge from your
perspective running a very big
international media operation out of
Russia and what do you see as the
priorities thank you
what a great esteemed panelists we were
all asked to preferably speak in Russian
since apparently this conference is
being aired at one of the Russian TV
networks so I will speak in Russian
thank you
spasiba thank you well first of all you
mentioned the word challenge I would
categorize this problem on several
challenges we as media experts we have
to inform everyone about these
challenges because apart from us no one
can do that and if no one does that then
we will not have this new world this
ideal world we will have a dystopian
world water now so the first challenge
is education well during this panel
before this panel we have been
discussing education and awareness ray
so it's not only the education not only
the law enforcement and those who make
laws are like behind the development of
the new technologies but we lag behind
the civil society lags behind our
understanding our appreciation on how to
use technology properly and securely for
yourself and for others how to use them
not to create problems for yourself and
for others and this gap between the
opportunities that the technologists
deliver and threats that they hide is
growing I mean there is a growing gap in
our appreciation of the current
technological capabilities and the
current state the current issues of is
called technologists each second
technologists are making greater leaps
forward and each hour we understand
better about technologists better we
understand better how they work but they
work and in the matter of minutes we
work in the matter of hours for instance
one example from media a mother of an
disabled child they sold a drug in in
the social media because it was
redundant and she didn't know that she
committed a crime and this case was
criminalized and as we speak there was a
news that the Minister of Interior of
Russia refused this case to go to the
criminal court it is an example of what
exactly it is an example of the improper
use of internet technologies online
technologies this woman didn't know how
to use of the social media and then she
published that information and basically
these Technol these same technologists
saved her because the Minister of
Interior decided not to push the case
forward so we need to understand how to
use the technology proper to protect
yourself or protect others and not to
use it in a negative sense the second
insight is that for many years we knew
that
to prevent the third world war to
prevent us from being the in the world
war is the nuclear weapons the leaders
of state talk about that this is a
common knowledge between everyone we
learned that in schools and you know
nuclear weapons protect us from that but
actually it is not so at all and the
colleagues who know much more about that
than I do have agreed with me on that is
that an attack with the use of the cyber
technology can do even more harm and
even short a period of time and lead to
much more victims than the application
of the nuclear weapons that already has
been used and yeah I see some some
experts here and from the audience they
not that means that they agree with what
I'm saying you remember the in 2009
there was a disaster on one of our
hydroelectric station there were some
newspapers in the US and they said that
this could have been except attack on
Russia it might not have been just just
just an accident and they actually
presented some alergic documents and
proofs that this was a crime obviously
we now know that this is not so but we
understand at the same time that such a
disaster with great consequences might
happen in any country of the world and
to attack any country the attacker does
not need to have nuclear weapons that
was this kind of a it's kind of a
backbone of stability of security and
have been for many years and it still is
but it is outdated just that the mindset
hasn't been changed the third challenge
we have been discussing fake news for
quite a while we're going to have a
dedicated panel discussion and we're
going
discuss it would miss have an addictive
the fake news so this is a buzzword
really but it is important it really can
change the world for the worse I mean
look at the incidence when the chemical
weapons were used were not used in Syria
so the white helmets say that it was
used Russia say is saying that the white
helmets are making this staged scenes
making this fake news they tell their
arguments we have some proofs and a user
of the media lives in the world where he
has to choose in what he or she believes
he saw that it used to be like that that
some truth was told to us on the radio
on the TV and that was the truth one
truth unified truth and here you have a
choice what is thought to be the truth
by your from your perspective and given
your background given your nationality
you will select this or that truth but
this is just a part of the problems that
we might face because the technologists
in the future will lead us to the fact
that you will not be able to say whether
there is this fake news or not will not
be just possible those who suffered from
fake news right now can be protected I
mean we can eventually prove that these
were fake news we can go to the source
we can find the video we as a media
organization can send our journalists on
the field to make sure that they find
all the proof but the technologists will
lead to the following fake video and the
real video will be indiscernible there
will be the same you won't be able to
tell whether this person said that or
not you won't be able to tell and the
confirmation with the video will be
there but it will not be the
confirmation of what he actually said if
now the fake news challenge
is high on the agenda for the media
organizations and you know these new
media technologies they undermine the
credibility of media big media
organizations and this new technology
challenges means that we need to go to
the new channels go to YouTube that you
mentioned and go to new venues new
platforms but then it will be becoming
challenged on some of the media
companies but the challenge for the
truth who will live in the world where
will we will never perhaps never know
what was the truth and what was not
we have never lived in the world like
that that how are we going to address
that well of this is an issue that we
have to address all together and the
last challenge that I wanted to talk
about is the challenge of the the
mammoth challenge really we cannot
really comprehend it experts like Elon
Musk
unless well-known experts but perhaps
with the deeper knowledge they say that
in the next 10 years people will
implement chips now microchips in
themselves and they will contain a great
amount of information that would make
will make an IQ higher people more
intelligent and with no effort a person
would be able to educate it itself by
just implementing this chip it will be
easier for the person for the human to
interact with machines you don't won't
need to press any buttons
you don't need you won't need to say
hello Google or C you won't need to talk
to Siri just to think and that will be
the interaction between you and machine
but who will decide what information is
going to be stored in these microchips
Wikipedia for instance Encyclopedia
Britannica who really the government of
what country what Google's what Yandex
says will determine what knowledge about
the world and we know that these
knowledge can be differ
and can contradict each other as we know
from the fake news agenda so what
knowledge will be implemented in the
people and what it will lead to so these
are the four challenges that we know
about but as a media organisations we
don't have any responses to that but we
do hope that those who work on that from
a professionally from a security point
of view is going to resolve this issue
our task is to ask questions thank you
maybe inside your brain that has all
this encyclopedic knowledge yeah I'm
worried about the hackers targeting my
chip
there is this battle for truth we are in
a sea of alternative versions of reality
what do you see the role of media in
educating the citizen to try and help
solve the cybersecurity problem well it
is hard to overestimate the influence of
media and the responsibility of media in
this area you mr. Graff talks about the
problem of a USB stick that can be
inserted into a computer and destroy the
world what perhaps us like a small or
big corporate world at least perhaps in
the nearest future even the world can be
impacted by this one USB stick but some
tens here some several decades ago
people in several countries did not even
think about the fact that the syringe
that you insert in yourself basically
can if it is dirty it can lead to dire
consequences people learn about that in
schools they do not learn about that in
schools because they know it from the
childhood the so great responsibility of
the media is to understand appreciate
all the challenges that we face today
we need to understand that these
challenges are much more dire than the
problem of dirty and used syringes and
we need to inform people to educate
people and to have the same commitment
the same education the same Drive when
we raise awareness the same as we had in
the media when we inform people about
HIV and about other diseases and we
should remember about that because it is
of crucial importance of media the role
of education the role of the financial
system yet it's hard to find a single
leader there are strong political
interventions mr. Graf I'm just curious
from the position of the bank there are
obvious reasons to put on events like
this to raise the agenda to protect your
customers but you have made a very
ambitious statement by hosting this
event you are placing spare Bank at the
center of the conversation I wonder if
you're thinking about things that are
bigger than simply the interests of the
bank and the bank's customers
you know I do not really have that much
ambition to plays the bank at the center
of it all actually this is not very much
our event this event would not have
happened without the support of the
government Maxime Alexeevich was the
first to support this event and there
were a whole raft of colleagues from the
businesses and from the government and
other international organizations that
supported us in organizing this and if
this topic takes off this is not part of
our business
if this topic takes off it will be great
we truly hope that this event will be
taken up and we drop these Burbank logo
from the title because we're not
important we are just one of it's the
importance of the problem that needs to
be highlighted and it's not just
technical as we discussed this morning
it is so comprehensive this problem is
we are all representing completely
different areas if we are discussing
this together
Jonas security experts technology
experts without the unification of these
efforts no progress is possible it's not
possible I thought when margarita was
speaking about all those crimes why such
tolerance in the society and why others
who young criminals kids in the age
range between 13 and 15 1 3 and 150 80 %
of hackers are under 20 because for kids
this is a game but there's a thin border
between the real and the virtual world
they keep playing I cited this example
in the morning when hackers
stopped ground to complete hold the
life-support systems in a hospital
during a surgery on a thirteen-year-old
girl just try to imagine what it would
sound like if news came out that a group
of gunmen came into this hospital and
switched a life support off halfway into
the operating process it would have been
a horrible reaction worldwide and now
these are hackers they stopped more than
one operation they actually jeopardize
the lives of numerous patients at that
hospital and this is treated like a
commonplace occurrence this does not
really touch upon us this is not really
make us emotional the emotions have left
the internet made it faceless of people
what by remote
but then the consequences of these
crimes are much more material as the
people have mentioned more than once
here and with this depersonalization you
know there all the law houses this
notion of elevated dangerous Souls I
mean you can drive a vehicle into the
crowd so your vehicle becomes a an
elevated danger source technology is
such a source this is actually a mass
destruction tool I don't want to use the
term of that would place me into larger
numbers but the danger here is actually
greater but the perception of the
society and the tolerance of the society
is actually lower because this is
seemingly a game and how do you bridge
this precipice as abyss that lies
between the these two problems it is two
phenomena the problem and the perception
op thankfully in Russia we have these
high technology companies Kaspersky was
with us Metallica's
is sitting in the audience we've got
several companies that are doing various
things and security Yandex is a
tremendously high tech company winning
from competition has been winning for
many years very secure cloud services
mail.ru thank God they are there so we
can provide services like this
thankfully we have good partners that
help us partners abroad to IBM and
Huawei and many partners around the
world but it is only together even
though we speak different languages epic
ins bridge there's divided the fact that
phase keystrokes the virtual reality is
actually worse than a gunman pointing
the gun at you so we've talked about
some of the solutions collaboration
information search sharing across
borders restoring trust education but
let's talk a bit about how technology
itself can help solve this problem we
have machine learning artificial
intelligence that is increasingly being
used to solve problems that are bigger
than those that humans themselves
consoled transiting yo Genson and the
World Economic Forum has done a lot of
work about kind of the next version of
automation of intelligent business to
what extent do you think artificial
intelligence could be our friend in
limiting cybercrime cyber hacking I
think this is a tool that we will use
very extensively in cybersecurity for a
number of reasons the first one is the
lack of people right so if you don't
have any people you need to automate you
need to find some kind of solutions can
a I be a solution for that not for
everything but I think for a majority in
cybersecurity operation sensors so that
one thing the predictability also and
the use of big data in an intelligent
way will also help us look at trends and
patterns and other things where we'll be
able again to block or be able to
prevent and we'll be wiser in that area
so of course that will we must not
forget in this that the criminals will
do the same right so and so we already
see AI fuelled attacks on big systems
where they you know respond to things
that the system does wrong and then they
correct it themselves and they go
through so this is again a whack-a-mole
but that will help in in both areas and
balance let's say the inequality out so
I don't think it's a silver bullet again
that you say we'll just inject AI or
machine learning and then we have solved
the problem though but it will help us
stay where we should be but again you
know criminals they look at investment
profit risk just as a businessman right
so if the investment is slow and the
profit is high and the risk is very low
well why won't you do the crime and
that's exactly how it is in cybercrime
what we can use artificial intelligence
is also to search on the deep net on the
deep net you will see the majority of
cyber security hacking tools
not on the dark net on the dark that
it's more for what is called cyber and
able crime this is where you buy weapons
credit card child sexual abuse but on
the deep net that's where you see crime
as a service so criminals actually I
don't have to be an expert to be a cyber
criminal you can be that to more
margarita you just buy a DDoS attack or
you buy a bank for general you'd buy
anything it is free but we can use AI
again to troll that area in order to
identify these sites and forums and then
hopefully with the help of law
enforcement and governments then take
them down so I think that you will see a
development in that in that area but it
will be a parallel development for the
good guys and for the bad guys so it's
not again a a complete solution for for
us on the good guys side so mister
Akimov we need to make it more expensive
for the criminals to do business to what
extent do you see artificial
intelligence
as one of the tools to do this Simon's
probably dishing yeah no solutions
digital solutions per se to fight
cybercrime and the algorithms of working
with the big data generate certain
predictions so to find vulnerabilities
that are not perceived by the naked eye
all those capabilities are certainly
very powerful and the artificial
intelligence is a huge opportunity in
this respect on the one hand it is a
great challenge the challenge that
trolls was quite right in highlighting
these are obviously powerful
capabilities I do think that
technologies are a very complicated area
we can hardly J walk the street ahead of
the oncoming traffic will hardly be able
to just out take overtake by outsmarting
malfeasance
I think the greatest opportunity lies
and using the technology to spread the
knowledge and to increase in competences
digital education platforms the exchange
of information and the well-built the
robust data architecture that would
allow us to respond swiftly to cyber
threats international organisations and
government authorities could exchange
information the algorithms the best
practice and knowledge giving
understandable final product and quick
reaction
pockets to the Lauren forces that is the
efficient pathway to take but I will
probably be a bit skeptical here I think
this race is gonna be endless and the
societal factors will be probably not
powerful here the education the
demotivation involving the people the
youngsters into constructive productive
activity and bringing home the
realization that this is not a
continuation of a harmless and the
Nokia's computer game but a gigantic
evil and huge damage I think in this
area that we can score some quick hits
quick wins I'm not a tech no love died
I'm quite in Reverse so I'm more of a
digital enthusiast of a Bitcoin but I
think the stress in the next couple of
years should be made on these
educational things the data exchange
digital educational platforms the social
motivation the role of the media and
education the main Hong way we've talked
about the importance of sharing
information we've talked about creating
the space where truth can be exchanged
and yet we have a private sector we have
a startup sector that are able to move
quickly with new solutions I know
Interpol has a very special role linking
senior decision-makers in many countries
to what extent do you think the emerging
startup ecosystem the small teams of
technologists using artificial
intelligence and blockchain and other
tools could help us solve this problem
contact I know the beautiful functions
well we have just been speaking about be
using technologies to counter cyber
crime I would not call this a difficult
question I would say that people invent
new things continuously new techniques
new technologies yes we do need to
remember that one sorry criminals as
much of innovators as as we are whenever
new technology comes about they start
using that technology right away for
their own ends and in terms of practice
they overtake us they are ahead of us
at least a few steps because they're in
the shadows and we are on the first side
on the light side we should be following
the law commonly I can sound that you
should somebody young will trample the
law at a time they only some may think
about lucre about profit so you only
think about destruction they only think
about damaging someone mr. Kamath has
been saying that this is running on on
equal terms you know we can use new
technology and to some extent will
suppress the crime but this will be a
temporary effect they will find the
loopholes that will find it cracks kinks
in the armour we certainly have to be
our Julie appreciate the potential of
technology to how to crime templates for
ourselves
you made some fantasy that you do for
that we can use the modern technology to
resolve
ishes because from the point of view of
thermals my criminals came about the
moment the civilization came about and
crime as a phenomenon always be always
be there you know they use have this
saying in China the staff of Buda so you
know here's one elbow along the devil's
staff is three of those long so we need
we just need to deploy the full array of
tools
trolls I think you had an opinion I just
think that when we talk about startups I
think we need and we will at least
address this in the forum try to see if
we can find a way of creating ethical
standards for startups because there is
a lot of creep
programs and and solutions also made and
I think at least if we can create some
kind of these ethical standards then the
investment companies can see which you
know startups to invest in and which not
to invest in so so I think that is
extremely important for one thing and
then secondly we should of course use as
a good guys also startups to see if we
can build in more security by design
from the very beginning and again if you
look at my my iPhone I have millions of
applications here and the majority of
you have it and if you're a young guy
with a smartphone you'll download and if
you download anything you download is
because it's free right and the first
thing that this application wants from
you is access to your photos to your
location to your address book and you
will just click yes yes yes yes did you
get anything for free you're the product
right so we need to find also a way how
to to make sure that we have a some kind
of blue stamp of applications so our
youngsters will know what to do to which
is safe and which is not safe just as
when we go to the supermarket and we buy
meat we can at least see where it is
from
Marguerita you're the journalist you
take you step back and you look at the
evidence and you take an overview based
on everything you've heard so far in the
discussion do you think we're missing a
part of the story do you think it is
simply a case of you know ad Education
ad collaboration
find tougher penalties to stop the cyber
criminals doing business or do you think
there's something else that we need to
put on the agenda if you were running
editorials what is it that we need to
now start talking about
we're definitely meeting the part of the
story we always are missing because
we're humans artificial intelligence
probably wouldn't but we do if I may ask
a question to you I think it's a
fascinating idea that you just presented
to us about some sort of regulation for
the startups and for apps do you feel
that they should be one international
standard for everybody should
corporations be made or obliged to use
that standard or how do you see that if
I may because this is I think very
interesting I think that we can together
again because it's about cooperation
together we can set up international
standards we could probably not enforce
them with the penalty but what we can
say is that if you are a responsible
investor you only invest in startups
that apply to these these standards that
are ethically correct and by that I
think that you will single out the other
startups that will never work is it a
list a list of ethically correct
startups where should it be published by
whom who are the decision-makers yeah we
have probably to find a way how we can
do that because we don't have we have a
number of standard institutions we have
NIST and other things but I think that
this probably needs to be bought out of
the public private corporation instead
of a EU standard or a
un-standard it needs to be and that is
what we will at least intend to do and
then we will probably you know create a
group of companies who wants to to apply
it to that and wants to boost it and
those who wants tend to to join us they
can join us and then hopefully it can
spread but it requires again that we all
work together and and that's again a
sign of cooperation actually works in
practice
answering your question the humanity is
always behind of its own beautiful
creations and we will always be the
large amount of people will always have
to catch up and the gap between what had
been created and where the majority
people is in comprehending even it will
only become bigger and bigger pick a
huge to the extent that I can't even
tell you right now what exactly we're
missing out of this conversation and out
of this debate debate Prime absolutely
sure that we're missing tons that in ten
years we are going to be shocked by the
amount of how much we had been missing
ten years ago well we'll be back here
for the tenth year anniversary to
discuss that we've covered an awful lot
of ground so far it makes me kind of
cautiously optimistic that we've got the
smart brains focusing on a huge and
growing problem but I think we need to
ask the audience where they stand at the
moment so we have a question which we're
going to ask the audience I don't know
if we can have the question on the
screen so we're going to ask everybody
in the room to have a quick think and
then vote with your hands so do you
think that countries of the world are
going to find common ground on the rules
that we've been discussing for
cyberspace do you think we are genuinely
going to achieve this international
dialogue this collaboration this
consensus that can help us take on
the troublemakers so you've got four
choices have a think about it and then
we'll ask for a vote at hands so for the
optimists yes we will get everybody
working together in the very near future
because the threats are so big that it's
in all our interests we see that the
second option is well it needs to wait
for a gigantic cyber crisis before
people agree to work together to solve
this the third option is well at the
moment it's easy for the cyber bodies to
attack anonymously so countries are
going to not feel compelled to work
together and the fourth for the pirates
among you that online
it's an anarchy there can't be any
common rule so just indicate if you vote
number one to number four number one yes
in the very near future - only after the
first cyber crisis 3 every country for
itself number 4 internet is an anarchy
so I think you're waiting for something
very bad to happen before you think
people are going to work together 67%
think nothing serious will happen until
the first cyber crisis countries are
going to stand for themselves say 18
percent of you because it's hard to
identify who is causing the trouble
10 percent of you are the pirates who
see the Internet as Anarchy and only
four and a half percent of you are the
regular optimists who think we're all
about to all be about to collaborate now
this may take another couple of spare
Bank international cyber security
conferences before we make you more
optimistic I'm going to let the panel
tell us where they stand
so margarita Simone young one two three
or four do
it's always like that we do understand
threats but we do not do anything before
it's yelled about from every TV set and
every radio station and every every
phone so when it is then we'll do
something about it I think that explains
the audience numbers for Russia today
Marguerita understands the popular touch
what people are thinking about trolls
where do you stand
I'm a porn optimist I should have taken
number one but I'm also a realist
because I'm a realist I know that we
need bodies on the table cells to say
before we do so I'm with margarita Ming
Hong way one two three or four what's
your hope you're told the harder that
work Renault in voila
they'll fight him for life well I think
not a lot of people here like that so
I'm for number one the second answer is
I think a very down-to-earth and so
really very pragmatic answer if there is
no first global cyber crisis only then
the conditions will arise to do
something but why I voted for the first
one I'm reasoning in the following
manner each government has its own views
on internet but in the current
conditions can it we achieve some kind
of compromise currently I think we can
why because we have some space here some
room for improvement here there is some
space some some environment where
everyone is on the same page everyone is
concerned and everyone can sacrifice
some part of its national sovereignty
for the better
to make sure that each country can win
in terms of cybersecurity and the
international community at the end must
just exercise all this effort to move
along this path Interpol is a quiet
optimist mr. Deputy Prime Minister mr.
Akimov we're very excited to know where
you vote well I was politically to have
a politically correct selection about it
that's number one but many many years
ago I graduated from a historical from a
historical university majoring in
history so based on that I can you can
say safely said say that I have pushed
button number two perhaps the history
just repeated itself it is easily for
the last ten ten thousand years perhaps
it will not repeat itself but as we
leave we can say we can safely say that
the option number two if you talk about
the result is the most probable way but
nigo she ate to start cooperating and
stop focusing on that start working on
that these are different things I think
we have already started we have already
embarked on the way and I hope that we
will be able to negotiate something
without the crisis there is some chance
to do that but it is very slim so that's
a kind of hybrid realist idealist answer
the last word because he brought
together such amazing people goes to a
man from spare Bank German Gref where do
you vote Herman
unfortunately I voted for number two not
because I wanted to big but because I'm
a realist
you know
Erich Maria Remarque in his book which
is called black obelisk wrote the
following sentence that I think was said
then that it is Stalin says said that
the death of one person is a tragedy
death of two million people is
statistics some people say it's Stalin
said that but that was a Erich Maria
Remarque it's not good or bad it just is
just how our psychology unless it is in
unless it impacts us personally we
conceived any threat we see any threat
as a virtual threat as not real so to
make sure that this great number of
people starts to actually do something
that's the open-ended question well
unfortunately history does not give us
any lessons really we do not draw
lessons from history so but we'll see
what happens but you know I'm an
optimist because then if I hadn't been
we once we won't have organized such an
event you cannot move everyone but I
think that the majority will engage the
majority that's for sure and the
position of the president of Interpol
resonates with me he said that the
Chinese are different from others
because they can think in terms of
hundreds of years and we unfortunately
think in terms of decades or sometimes
in terms of years even so perhaps this
is the right person to have such an
organization you can think in a much
longer perspective than all the others
but in general I would like to thank you
all dear colleagues I think that all
that gives us a room for great optimism
this is a very you know technical topic
but it is really now so relevant and it
attracted such a great number of
prominent speakers and the experts I
looked at the panel's really
at the panelists you know we thought
about an idea to organize such a forum
we wouldn't even imagine in our wildest
dreams that we have such a high level
and high expertise two panelists we are
all of us agree that the cyber attacks
are becoming more and more simple in
terms of their control becoming
automated you all the tools scape can be
bought for hundreds of dollars on for
hundreds of millions of dollars so
they're really cheap affordable and us
normal people should unite facing that
threat despite the fake news and these
great barriers that divide us to these
nationalistic trends populist
politicians they should not hamper us
from doing that we are normal people
want to live in secure world and our
mission especially the mission of the
leaders of the companies leaders of the
States and leaders of the international
companies our main mission here is to
help to assist to help individuals and
to protect them if there is no mission
like that what are we working for I have
130 million customers around the world
our band has such a number of customers
and if I see that their rights have been
attacked and unfortunately the victims
are usually the elderly people and you
know this is a personal emotional
problem for me why am I sitting in as a
CEO in my in my room in my office if I
cannot help these people out so I think
we made a great leap forward by making
sure that we are all on the same page in
understanding and appreciating this
problem whatever the nationality
whatever the country this hurts
cybercrime hurts and I think the step in
this step forward of creating this
environment of trust this is a small
step forward with a very important one
so I'd like to thank you all for
participating in that small but
significant effort
well congratulations mr. Graff for
bringing together such smart minds to
put this subject centrally on the agenda
so I try and conclude all these ideas by
suggesting that we're not looking for
the great big cyber crisis but we think
it may happen and we need to accelerate
our actions towards the optimistic
solution and that's going to involve
collaboration and cooperation between
private sector and public sector between
machine and human between leaders of
different nations who meet to create
open platforms of trust it's going to
need education it's going to need the
renewal of trust but most of all it's
going to need everybody in here to be
very careful before they pick up a USB
stick in the parking lot and put it in
their computer please could you join me
to thank our expert panelists Herman
breath Meng Hong way trolls urging yo
Genson margarita Somalian and maxim aqui
mouth
and thank you much for our brilliant
moderator today thank you very much
there
see what you're missing
we're a medomak Espada Nash Congress
producers Jim was chilly streets it
minute Nastia do successive day ladies
and gentlemen our Congress is continuing
its work and we are waiting you on the
next sessions that are going to start in
30 minutes in other halls thank you
