hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
tech tyranny you too can be disappeared
in broad daylight
also the fate of a Saudi journalist is
testing Washington's relations with
Riyadh is the crown prince's rule in
doubt and much much more on this edition
of crosstalk
crosstalking some real news i'm joined
by my guests here in moscow glen dicen
he is a professor at the higher School
of Economics and author of the decay of
Western civilization and the resurgence
of Russia we also have Alex Christopher
oh he's the director and writer for the
duran calm and we have dimitri bob which
he is the political analyst with Sputnik
international all right gentlemen
crosstalk rules in effect that means he
can jump in any time you want and I
always appreciate it the purge has come
long-expected
what do you think of the extent of it
and is this the beginning because we had
Alex Jones was the was the tip the
tipping point now the role Alex Jones
was a trial balloon Alex Jones himself
said it's that they're gonna come after
everybody once they're done with me and
they wiped them off the internet map and
now they've come after anti media they
went after the free thought pot project
it's important to point out these are
not just conservative sites these are
also progressive sites and it's up to
three weeks before the midterms so
there's no point you brought that up
because one could make the argument that
Facebook is injecting itself into the
political process here because they're
saying they're trying to protect the
political process from these free quote
unquote fringes but they're the ones
that are meddling it's also important to
point out that's not just Facebook
Twitter also suspended the account so
there's obvious collusion between the
two companies so I mean what you have
here is Facebook in my opinion has put
the final nail in their coffin we can
look at them now is a big company but
believe me in a few years Facebook will
regret this disk already Millennials are
leaving in droves here Glenn what is the
significance for you because it seems to
me that there's an enormous amount of
collusion going on here and it's the
mainstream media that is cheering this
along because they want their monopoly
back they want to be able to push their
competitors to the the side because
their ratings are way way down their
business model is failing this is a big
favor favor to the establishment oh
definitely and I think yeah that's how
its developed as well and I think yeah
Alex was right to point out that this
was largely
yes something that they will regret
because when this approach of well
alternative voices began initially we
saw that this tech company so now
establish themselves as this new
Ministry of Truth they essentially came
after the foreign media first so our t41
where they start to manipulate
algorithms to get fewer hits and then we
saw that it began to attack internal
enemies as well because they have
American society to become quite
polarized so of course the Conservatives
began to complain that this very
left-leaning tech companies are now
coming after them as well and censoring
censoring the year the Conservatives now
again it continues and I think now
they're going after both left and right
so opportunity offender team amateur
taken this well I think we said that a
long time ago on this program you know
for many decades humanity expected
fascism to come from extreme left or
from extreme right it came from the
centre where it was least expected and
and look at the reactions I mean let me
quote Jason Basler from the free thought
project you know which had more than 3
million followers gone now right he says
that this is a pre midterms purge and I
like that expression also I just found
but that's in this service and it's not
in the service of democracy it's not in
the service of ideas what it is this is
to narrow the field and where they have
the Facebook is injecting itself
actually picking winners well then I
just love this expression it memory hold
Facebook memory hold a lot of
interesting articles a lot of interest
in horses it is becoming what people
call a digital name state you know
people will complain in a name state for
many decades well if we had a name state
that would guarantee you education
health care no one would be against such
a name state but the the modern outer
liberal name state it doesn't guarantee
you anything economically but it
certainly watches out that that you
would not be info
by politically incorrect age let's see
with Facebook and Twitter and others
they're determining what your value
system should be they are mandating it
and they are punishing people that don't
tow the line they are much more than a
platform where you can place ideas there
determine their editors now their
editors of social media of the social
media space they are acting as
publishers so they should be defined as
publishers not platforms it should not
have the protection of platforms they
should be responsible for what content
goes up they should hire thousands of
editors to monitor the content they
should be liable to any types of
lawsuits for the content they publish
you can't have it both ways
Facebook and Twitter in my mind are are
finished there's a lot of alternatives
coming up now gab is is crushing Twitter
as far as growth Twitter is losing users
yes it is month to month if it wasn't
for Donald Trump Twitter would not be
what it is today Donald Trump is the one
that's killing Twitter a lot of us
wonder if he has shares I mean this is a
profound moment here in social media
because it seems to me that this is you
know when it was these things were first
invented and it was kind of left if
Center everyone has a you know level
playing field everyone can participate
everyone's ideas will be accepted at
face value that era is over and I don't
think there's anything to continue it
well that was the first argument when
the internet came up in the 90s that
this would be the ultimate expression of
democracy so people could express
themselves share any ideas without any
government control so this huge power
which was then drifting towards the
individual and at the same time you saw
the state coming in as well who wanted
to harness this so you see this with NSA
China obvious also had its if some
formidable efforts in terms of
controlling the Internet and I think now
in the center you see the the tech
corporations really having this huge
power and
they're coming essentially with their
own agenda and yeah we're necessarily
agree with what Dima said that they're
in the center because they are they are
politically very left though if you look
at the executives at Google and but the
interesting thing is that these these
platforms want to determine what the
center is exactly okay that's what I
think is really very interesting here
and and what it'll do is Alex went up
people will go elsewhere all right and
the interesting thing for me is that
there's always been this talk about
turning them into a utility regulating
it but I think these powers using demon
in the center they want to harness it
for themselves that's why you don't hear
talk of break the anti-monopoly talk
because they want to capture it for
themselves well when they use this what
Center they use it to kind of calm
people down okay this this is the
mainstream this is the center we have
been living with it for so many years
everything's fine but they are sensory
and not only Trump supporter they're
censoring some some site called
punk-rock libertarians on Facebook
doesn't sound like Nazis or you know
doesn't sound like leftist extremists to
me and and some statistics 559 pages and
251 accounts removed other is all just
you know extremists are these all people
attracting readers with shortened
political news well the political news
are shocking and and and the difference
with Tina is that in China the
mainstream press is not calling for war
in the United States and in the European
Union the mainstream press very often
kind of switched itself into a wall mode
and we have them touting the war against
Iraq the war against Libya the war
against Syria this is the big guys into
you know that this is the outsourcing of
censorship you and I talked about this
earlier with the Atlantic County Council
is that Facebook they just said well
we'll have these fact checkers take care
of it force first of all they they
abrogate any kind of responsibility well
we were are at
you know so that and you know for for
the mainstream the Atlantic Council has
sterling credentials I don't think they
have sterling credentials around this
table and for many of the our viewers
watching this program outsourcing
censorship yeah and that's why at the
end of the day Facebook is now
essentially a publisher even though they
claim to be a platform that's I forget
when they first started they were saying
they were a platform for communication
for ideas they like regulated exactly
exactly they lied to everyone let's not
also forget I've lived in Silicon Valley
these people that work in these
companies the Facebook's the Twitter's
of Google's these guys are not
progressive they're not conservative
they're not libertarians they despise
all these call these groups they are neo
liberal elitist these guys are the elite
of the elite they make huge salaries
they are the royalty they are the tech
royalty of the world and everyone else
were just a bunch of serfs and they want
to keep it's a spot on because in the
United States media freedom is or at
least has been quite the sacred and but
all argument is that these are private
companies they can choose who's going to
be on their sites and they can choose
rules for the platform so but obviously
they link themselves to certain politics
what happens is is that I don't know if
this was the original goal but they are
the public square now I mean they're
much more than a platform they are the
public square where ideas are exchanged
and they are unilaterally without your
not giving anyone any recourse is that
you're out okay no explanation well it's
creating a lot of waves in the US the
fact that they are so bracing this tech
company so that's why we've very
interesting on the on the right in the
United States you see traditional free
marketeers conservatives now arguing
that Facebook should become utility so
essentially the state should absorb it
because that's not a good solution
that's not a good solution they might
even compound it depending on who's in
power okay oh you could use it but we do
need some kind of a solution because
these tech companies they they will grow
and they will continue to grow in the
future us that's where the main geo can
my power will come in the future
especially now also going into this new
industrial revolution so I think we have
to choose well what do we do you have
this huge corporations become more more
powerful are they gonna be aligned with
the state if so how do you have Chinese
system where they control it or they
have the corporate state of America or
do you let them run free and essentially
challenge the government like the
oligarchs in Russia I don't think we
have any solutions 20 seconds steam
before we go people have been talking
about meddling during the last two years
I think well I liked the quote from
Nicolas Burnaby the founder of the anti
media that was also taken down he said
ok if we're talking about meddling
removing 800 politically a kind of
politically oriented media for deletion
you know isn't that Madden in elections
right before the November midterms that
is meddling and it's in it and they
determined who's in and out in that
metal here we're gonna go to a short
break guys and after that short break
we'll continue our discussion on some
really important news stay with RT
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
Tremont we're discussing some real news
okay let me go to Glenn here let's shift
gears to Saudi Arabia and the mysterious
disappearance of a dissident Saudi
journalist this is a big story yes it
definitely created a it's become a very
awkward component of the awkward you're
always good for understatement he was
murdered and of course this doesn't bode
well for the relations between the
United States and Saudi Arabia but at
the end of the day there's a lot of
strategic and financial interest in
maintaining this partnership so my best
guess is that the Saudis also know a lot
of money at this and we will eventually
see it go away but I guess yeah coming
to the defense of the Americans I would
say that they are put in a difficult
position because as they do have this
strategic interests they have to pursue
and at the same time they have to
harmonize this with what appears to be
well moral values or turn of phrase well
you have common geopolitical interests
but not values okay I think this is
going to continue for a while here we
know that president of Turkey our Diwan
is in some kind of joint investigation
well I tend to think this is a one-way
negotiation everyone is going to extract
a lot from the Saudis because apparently
it's the Turks that have all the
forensic evidence the communications all
this as far as we know it has not been
released to the media but that's a very
powerful card they're playing and I
think the crown prince has to be very
worried mostly Maddie's reputation yet I
think the Turks shared that information
with the us judging by Trump's 60 minute
interview Trump also knows this is a
huge huge story there dough on is going
to get a lot of leverage over Saudi
Arabia is going to get a lot of money
from them the u.s. is going to sell a
boatload of arms to Saudi Arabia at the
end the day I agree with you they are
going to reconcile but MBs
most likely we were talking before the
program may be on his way out
good riddance the guy was a sociopath
he has been doing this for the better
part of a year
he's been bombing Yemen he's been taking
other Saudi oligarchs and billionaires
locking them in hotel rooms torturing
them and was it not three or four months
ago Peter that MSNBC Washington Post New
York Times CNN were hailing him as what
the performer Prince the liberal Prince
who's bringing who's letting women go to
movie theaters and letting them drive
and he's he's the savior of Saudi Arabia
and it took you said it best program it
took the murder most likely the murder
of this journalist and the only reason
it's opening up the eyes is because he
was working for The Washington Post it
took this mr. president was one of their
in here but John Brennan yes came out
and I'm glad you pointed out the article
to me so I won't be a spoiler go right
ahead Deaver well John Brennan published
an article in The Washington Post isn't
he a brave man he published the article
headlined the US should never turn a
blind eye to this sort of inhumanity can
you read the last sentence Syria have it
if I have it here I'll read it here you
can the man the message would be clear
here we go the United States will never
turn a blind eye to such inhumane
behavior even when carried out by
friends because this is a nation that
remains faithful to its values
absolutely that was John Brennan he was
what the Darth Vader of droning demon
well John Brennan as he admits in his
article has walked in Saudi Arabia for
five years with the same regime that
destroyed Mr Khashoggi and he basically
says that according to my information it
couldn't be done without the prince no
in it and of course well for whom better
than Brandon to know such things
he bought permission from President
Obama every night for killing hundreds
of people by drone attacks and suddenly
we'd have this eye-opening moment from
mr. Brennan he says he writes in his
article we saw the well-publicized
attention of more than 100 Prince's
senior technocrats and businessman in
the rich Carlton Hotel
well I read in the New York Times that
it was needed for reform there was
Thomas Friedman who came in person
to talk to Mohammed bin Salman I stood
by the Crown Prince it was a seduce he
said he was worn out by his reformed
agent there that he has been listening
to during the whole night you know it's
expensive PR campaigns ever done okay in
the history appear and then also just a
moment mr. Brennan also noticed that MBS
or that the rest of activists some of
whom were actually women he allowed the
women to drive and we thought it was
just it coos excuse him for anything
see all that some of them arrested well
this is the point about the ultra
liberals they are they make privileged
groups but if a member of the privileged
group a handicapped person and woman or
an representative of the sexual minority
is against them then you can crack down
on that person more than on anyone else
if he is so concerned mr. Brennan about
women in detention
why doesn't he remind us of Maria
butanna who is just seeking the a woman
activist who drove and who liked to
speak to it to the media she's now in
detention in doing so this journalist
khashoggi he's put Donald Trump his what
his fate whatever it is it's put Donald
Trump in a very uncomfortable position
because of course this we can't you know
he says the US can't stand for this but
as we've all agreed here there's a lot
of money at stake right here it's it
possible and I think that Alex is
already alluded to it the West may be
looking for a different partner in Saudi
Arabia well that could be we have to
remind our viewers it's not a country
it's a it's a family okay and there are
other members of the family okay yeah
without the Saudis ruling it it would
just be Arabia so yes it is a family
enterprise but I think that Trump put
himself a little bit in its difficult
position because during the whole
campaign he pointed out that the Saudis
were the main sponsor of terrorism and
you know he would not bow to the Saudis
unlike his predecessor and then he had
flip yeah well he did recognize the
strategic interest also the commercial
interest in maintaining good relations
with the Saudis so he went
over there and you know pay distribute
like any other American president and I
think now he's put in a difficult
position he might suspect this being a
domestic issue because obviously people
like Brendan would not have come out
against Obama in this kind of way so you
know he called Trump treasonous in the
past for meeting with Putin so again
he's I think that it also reflects how
American politics are polarized so the
if the opposition can really put Trump
in a bad light I think they're likely to
jeopardize the relationship with Saudi
Arabia but calling him now and
essentially daring him to challenge this
partnership all part of by any means
necessary Alex I think what's really
interesting is that one of the things
the mantras that you hear about Middle
East politics is Iran is the the chief
supporter of terrorism in the world okay
but you have if in case in this case
Khashoggi was killed by Saudi
intelligence personnel in a foreign
country in a consulate that is nothing
less than an act of state terrorism so
it's kind of like that pot calling the
kettle black here yeah and when we do
find that the truth behind all of this
and like we said we pretty much know
what I think most people are hinting at
what happened the Saudis the family will
survive they'll they will throw MBS
under the bus in order to survives at
the end of the day the world family are
survivors so I think MBS is days our
number I think Trump was hurt by what
happened let's not forget that Jared
Kushner spoke to NBS they said they
spoke almost a whole night together and
they were discussing policy and stuff so
I mean all of trumps immediate family
also got burned got burned really bad
you could tell that Trump did not like
it and you don't cross Trump I think at
the end of the day Trump will take
action if and when they decide to
publish or to come out with the truth of
what happened is the interesting thing
is stressing the fact that it is a royal
family sanctioning the crown prince is
sanctioning the entire family that's
what makes it complicated well let me
remind our viewers who was the main
enemy of President Erdogan and Mohammed
bin Salman the President of Syria Bashar
al-assad so tell me about your enemies
and I will tell you who you are
maybe if mr. Assad has such terrible
enemies the people who are able to
commit a murder and then hide it maybe
he's not so bad after all that's what we
have been told by the Western media for
so many years
and again I think the Western media now
will try to sell us the story that all
the trumps bought the Saudi family it
all started on the human John Brennan is
already writing it in his article total
absence of us moral leadership on the
global stage now well use that it was a
bomber who supported the Mohammed bin
Salman intervention in Yemen which mr.
Brennan is now calling that disastrous
fully into Yemen and of quote Brennan
was in power when that for into Yemen
started obviously it started with his
full support it's very interesting else
because Glenn was absolutely right to
bring in the domestic politics or in the
US of about this is that and his limit
just said here I guess history started
two years ago because everybody else has
amnesia about what happened before him I
remember with stress on this program
over and over again I've always talked
about the the envelope the Trump house
in his pocket he checks everything off
for his reelection he inherited all of
this okay it was not of his doing I'm
not defending Donald Trump I think his
relationship his enhanced relationship
with Saudi Arabia is toxic to the core
and his it's coming back to haunt it was
the first country he went through his
country let's not forget that soap so
Trump does have some responsibility
there but I think he will take action as
far as Brennan goes it's not the same
Brennan that was trying to overthrow and
dethrone Trump is this not the same
Brennan that started Ukraine and the
coup is is not the same Brennan that
started Syria is not the same Brennan
that
Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia and
kills Brennan and killed thousands of
people in Yemen by drones exactly Yemen
was the first victim of the drone
campaign and now Brennan is criticizing
Mohammed bin Salman for this for a
senseless foray into Yemen but also
mister mister I think Mohammed bin
Salman has given us a hint at who may
succeed he has nothing but praise in his
article for Mohammed bin Nayef the
former head of the Saudi intelligence
who was basically removed by Mohammed
bin Salman recently he says that this
person was deposed by the intolerant and
vig dicta crown prince and of court well
that reminds also we have a retired CIA
that's involved in another regime change
does this guy ever retire all right all
the time many things have I guess here
in Moscow and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here RT see you next time
and remember crosstalk rules
