yes I wouldn't get above the lips a
cream call Phillip Martin of petrovna
facility do ya do not sleep any agents
layers do not sleep turnouts yes I'm a
sales rep at la bouche me I will shop
for Arsenal football is the worst avatar
ever so on cassette perform Capcom is my
only be my command at Manchester United
will be me trainer but as Emily wood in
your Chilika trained your three-year-old
chills my sister night on we were only
children as I move in yet that is camera
watching her show problem with sisters
way command ayyy watching disappear only
the brownie height approach it's dark
secure he just just wait eagerly we're
just moving you possession okay so I was
told that you are the good talent that
you are the kids with with good
potential so I come to give a look
your coach is here I just stay outside
I'm looking at you it with all my
attention but don't feel any pressure
just feel happy and and three okay here
we go
one thing is and another thing is is
first of all with the right speed and
control it passes me the ball if I
control the ball here is one thing and
then I need one more touch and I need
one more second another thing is it
passes me the ball and we might control
my group control I can give immediately
speed to the game so little things
little details makes the game much much
better they if they look for example to
galavan is his name irrational if they
look to him the first touch the first
control the speed of the pass
always always correct
you know I'm positively surprised with
what I see what I see in this little
session and I hope the coach agrees with
me I also see my my players in
professional players which is they enjoy
more the period where they are playing
than the periods where they have other
practices but this is as important at
the exercises that they can do outside
the little Italian game what's the
secret in achieving that much trophies
the secret is what I was asking you
football is to enjoy but at the same
time if you if you want really to reach
a certain level has to be a serious a
serious thing every minute of the day
where I am working with my players I
take it very very serious always with a
smile always happy to do something that
I really like to do but always with with
a great focus and with a great ambition
have fun but every minute you are on the
pitch take it serious what is your
favorite very much is to night if I
answer to you the the other ones they go
away is like when you are a father and
you have more than than ones than one
son which one is the favorite son I have
a son and a daughter I cannot say which
one is my favorite both are my favorite
what's the difference in training
rational players
English place I think in England one of
the secrets is the competitiveness of
the league every club has probably 18 20
20 pitches like this one only for the
academies I hope with kids like you it
coaches like him with facilities like
like that with the passion that the
Russian people as for football with what
the World Cup can change in terms of
that have that mentality in eight years
World Cup in United States Mexico Canada
that can be a target for the Russian
national team to to improve let's make a
challenge and sometimes challenges or
dreams they become a reality one day so
let's say in the next 12 years I coach
the Russian national team and some of
them they play for me deal
you
