okay let's carry on with the analysis
tender of that Sweden victory we saw the
goal and very fortunate because I think
the keeper had that cover didn't he well
you you have to feel really really sorry
for a kanji who who deflected the ball
past the an sama it was a phosphor I
hated quite well it had to be said but
it would have gone straight to yang sama
he would have said it easily he's
actually been one of the best
goalkeepers in this tournament he made a
couple of really good safes in this game
and he would he would have you know just
picked this ball up and it would have
been nil nil after that haddock and you
know it stuck a foot out and this is
what happened to me who tried to block
the shot and very unfortunate but very
very lucky for Sweden they scored the
goal they're winning the game on that
goal one nil and now in the
quarterfinals against whoever win
tonight of Colombia and an England so
that is really a fantastic result for
Sweden
yeah that's through to Samarra July the
7th kickoff 5 p.m. mark that one in your
calendars it was almost two at the end
we were actually saying as we entered
the four minutes of stoppage time it's
been a while since we've had a late VAR
and on demand it's big game winner it's
been a while since we've had a vowel
together I think the referees has done
really well so this this is 90 minutes
+3 and some seconds and he's added on 3
minutes so in many ways it became
irrelevant in the greater scheme of
things in terms of this game but Michael
Lang Lang yeah Michael Lang who played
instead of the captain Leif Steiner who
was suspended for this game he got
himself sent off and the referee it's it
Slovenian referee damask Amenia it's his
second yellow a sec second red card in
this tournament and top of my head
there's only been three so he sent
scientists off remember that in the 3rd
minute
the the the Colombian defender for
handball
we need to watch to see if he's down to
referee any further games because that's
his third game today so like there's
drama wherever he goes yeah yeah third
game today so that might be the year the
end of the run for him because four
games is a lot for someone to referee
but anyway it was a correct decision and
he was taken away he gave a proper goal
didn't he he gave the penalty couldn't
we couldn't see it he took it he took it
to var which yes had had the clock said
three minutes more it would have been
very important but he could have looked
at his watch and say okay we got 20
seconds left you know let's not waste
anyone's time check it server or by
taking it to our but you know they want
things to be correct
regardless of that it was a free-kick
was giving outside the box he changed
his mind
the shot was saved by yonsama and he
ended the game so Sweden wanted one nil
and I can tell you with a hundred
percent certainty of Sweden's the
Swedish players the Swedish people they
don't care if they won this game 1 a 2
nil
they are in the quarterfinals and they
are very happy right now
you
