ahead of the World Cup in Russia some
British media outlets published some
quite alarmist articles about the
potential dangers that fans could face
here in the host country now after the
poisoning of a former Russian double
agent and his daughter in the UK the
Prime Minister Theresa May said that no
MPs or members of the royal family would
attend the championship but we caught up
with some England fans in Moscow as they
played a friendly game against a rival
Russian team and asked them how they've
been finding the tournament I came to
Russia wearing a spot at Moscow shirt
because I was told by all the British
media not all but much of the British
media there'll be a lot of fun violence
so I didn't know what to expect
everything has been fantastic the border
guards have spoken English they've been
smiling people in the street will be
polite I think a lot of our friends and
family require hence the vowels going
and they would think you have a good
time but be safe with the message so we
have bad media in the UK that said that
yeah you were going to get killed if you
came to Russia basically sir
do you think that maybe Harry and Mary
Matalin our kind of look we should have
prayer I think if anyone comes it
probably will be Prince Harry Oh maybe
Harry I know Harry Harry is a big
England fan so maybe I'm not sort of
making Markel's into football yeah maybe
American football
what in your opinion football where was
it born who invented it a football so to
speak
supposing would be one of them you've
got to say that well don't take my word
for it but FIFA kind of begs to differ
with that because they're actually
believed that it were the Chinese we're
actually played the first game of
football okay maybe maybe so yeah I
thought it's the Romans but yes their
place I don't believe I don't believe I
saw what both England and is coming home
to England
you
