seems at least 40 secondary schools
across England have banned pupils from
wearing skirts what do you think about
that that's according to Britain Sunday
Times the school's putting the garment
on the same list now as facial piercing
is it is it gone too far do you think
even more a mullah move towards a more
gender-neutral uniform seems girls will
now have to wear plain trousers just
like boys well seems the reasons differ
from school to school while they're
doing this some hope to implement just a
more gender neutral policy make everyone
feel happy others though hope to make
life easier for the small but increasing
number of transgender students one
school went further it cited fears over
sexual ization of young women again what
do you think about this story this
illustrates fix the length of skirt that
we want a lot of the students are
wearing the skirts too short and that is
why we are moving towards just trousers
for girls in September not everyone
accepted these tough new policies one
parents we spoke to was flawed actually
the school hadn't asked the parents
opinion before making changes to the
uniforms I was very shocked
there was no consultation with any
parents or students and there was no
explanation for the bomb no reasons
given whatsoever I can speak for Annabel
and a number of her classmates and I
know the children at school do not want
to you know wear trousers all the time
they should be given the choice to take
away the choice is wrong a petition has
now been launched against the uniform
changes at that particular school
arguing that there's nothing offensive
about girls knees down but Cathy again
thinks children should be free to choose
whatever uniform within reason that they
want to wear if boys want to dress like
girls and girls want to dress like boys
but it's fine
but what is wrong with girls dressing
like girls for 80 years since that
school has been going girls for wore
skirts there's quite a lot going on at
the moment
about changing different rules for
transgender children and adults but
let's bear in mind that they are a
minority and not the majority
we can't appease everybody all of the
time
you
