hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
the great destabilization with NATO
meeting only days away Trump again
presses allies to pay their way an open
seat on the US Supreme Court sharpens
the political divide and are the
Democrats going socialist
crosstalking the political divide I'm
joined by my guest mark Sloboda he's an
international affairs and security
analyst we also have Dimitri Babak he is
a political analyst with Sputnik
International and we have exactly Moreau
he is the founder of the center of
political strategic analysis strap Pole
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means you can jump in
anytime you want I always appreciate it
before we move on with our agenda here
I'd like to go to Berlin our correspond
in turn a tional correspondent apologize
us Paula thank you for joining us I want
to continue on with what happened to you
visiting Kiev
well being invited to an OSCE conference
on freedom of speech the floor is yours
dear go ahead well as you mentioned we'd
received this invitation it was an open
meeting that was geared towards media
plurality and media freedom in the
Ukraine and I was meant to participate
from the floor however when I arrived at
the airport in Boryspil my passport was
flagged at customs I was pulled across
and kept waiting for an hour and a half
they asked to see my press credentials
they asked what was the purpose of my
visit and subsequent to that they got me
to sign a deportation paper that they
explained had orders they came from
above and the orders were that I was not
allowed to into Ukraine and I was banned
for the next five years and I was then
essentially put on the next plane and I
had to leave the country now the last
time I was in Kiev was back in 2015 I
was reporting on fires that had broken
out in Chernobyl that story was not
political in any way but there was an
online witch-hunt that began by
Ukrainian bloggers essentially calling
for people to find me and the most
horrendous things to rip the hit my head
from my body there was intimidation and
threats against not only me but also my
family and at that time in consultation
with the producers in Moscow the
decision was making it made to pull me
out now I was not aware of being on any
blacklist we checked that before I went
to Kiev and certainly it raises
questions as to a why does the OSCE hold
a conference on media plurality in
Ukraine and secondly what does it say
about the Ukrainian authorities and
indeed about the OSCE if journalists
such as myself are prevented from
participating in such a conference now
there was a response from the OSCE they
say
to quote that this was regretful and
they called on all member states to
ensure the free travel of journalists
across the OSCE region but aside from
that there hasn't been anything I have
received lots of messages of support
from numerous people across the
political spectrum on my Twitter account
but also as to be expected I've received
a lot of hate mail a lot of intimidation
and of course the usual trolls okay so
thank you very much for that Paula I
suppose we can end it this way saying we
should expect more from the OSCE but we
see that their commitment to freedom of
speech as it isn't matched by the
reality thank you very much Paula for
joining us my gentleman let's move
forward here
it's mr. Trump is coming to Europe
exactly what Trump's game plan because I
think I know what it is I think mark
knows what it is - is he intimidating
the the Europeans and we're looking at
members of the European Union and NATO
he's showing some of his cards right now
this is Trump and his art of the deal in
play in my opinion he play it pays very
good game because if you look at what
happened - exactly know the country
between the European Union I mean
Germany and France and in the United
States Germany and France should have
played a card of Russia so if you work
he should have play I should have played
and so when Trump came to the g7 it was
a where's Russia so he immediately
cancelled the one of the only card that
Germany and France can play and the the
macrons reaction was as well stupid
because I know no Russia so it was a
real trap and macron full so in a sense
he used the g7 form to play the EU and
NATO this is very interesting mark yeah
we you know we're living in a world
right now where the US president
describes NATO is just as bad as NAFTA
and this this morning Politico ran an
article where they had to specify that
President Trump says he's not
withdrawing from the World Trade
Organization and personally I just
living love living in a world where they
need to stress pulling out of right
because he has expressed displeasure
with the World Trade Organization as
well there's there's there's a quote
attributed to Mao Zedong that there is
great chaos under heaven the situation
is excellent that's the way I find the
situation right now and I think Trump
just before his trip to this upcoming
NATO meeting is announced a at least at
some level a Defense Department review
of the cost of withdrawing all of its
35,000 troops out of Germany not all of
them well it's an important teaming
again I mean as much as he's surrounded
by these neo cons which we've talked
about on this program many times before
he still comes out and says these things
ok I don't know if it's his own idea if
it's part of a concerted strategy that
he has but he will not let the payment
of from each member of NATO he won't let
that go
he's just hanging on to it well I mean
it's it's a real competition and
absurdity because actually the Stockholm
Institute for Peace Research calculated
that Russia spends on its defense 27% or
what NATO's European allies spend on
their dissent defense Russia's defense
budget is ten times smaller than the
American one but still but the fears are
irrational and I think you know the
record was made by other southland who
commented on the visit by John Bolton
Trump's national security advisor to
Moscow I thought is very concerned
Bolton made every sign of having been
captured by the Kremlin even during his
press conference at Russian Interfax
news agency rather than at the US
Embassy sad and telling him abroad of
John Bolton because we all know his
background and the kind of persona that
he has here
he was really caught flat-footed in
Moscow preparing for this summit here I
mean I think it was a Bloomberg journal
it said but a month before you had your
job you wrote anything I don't comment
it was smiling it's the first time I saw
it very amazing but you know I think you
have to take in consideration that the
men go the men from school was to to
rebuilt in the United State a strong
prediction power you know in an industry
and to bring the plans back and so if
it's the if the the real goal the real
em so the there is two big concurrent
its Germany and China so they have to be
controls have to be they have to be
submitted and in my opinion we could
have very interesting result of this
meeting between at random and Putin
because if is back on is men go to make
America great
I mean industry again and so if Putin
can only be ezel I in my opinion I can
go both ways on this mark and I talked
about this a number of times I'm not
really convinced it's a really good idea
because I don't know I mean outside of a
photo-op okay which no matter what the
picture is it's gonna create a lot of
commentary but I'm much more interested
in substance here mark and I still I
mean the fact that Bolton was here maybe
shows us some kind of agenda here but I
mean I think Bolton wants to keep his
job so I mean Trump said do it and I
think that that's essentially where we
are right there was a number of memes
going around the internet showing John
Bolton waking up on terror
right because he's now the water finish
finish it with waking up from a
nightmare where World Peace he was
wandering around the background of the
North Korean meeting with Kim jung-hwan
looking like he's a little lost neocon
child somewhere and the same thing he is
the one sent to negotiate a summit with
Putin we're just months ago he was
saying that that you know dialogue with
the Russians is pointless and and it
would be to our detriment even to engage
in it so
this is all quite interesting to see but
you know I brought this up before on the
program repeatedly in the last year the
European the leaders of the European
countries particularly the EU they
almost essentially campaigned against
Trump during the election process many
many EU leaders openly endorsed Hillary
Clinton you still can you spell Merkel
can you I can spell meddling they both
start with an M right and you know those
that did in their state media you know
completely unabashedly on objectively
attacking from and they're paying for it
now I don't think I don't think that
Trump is going to pull any large number
of US troops out of Germany a lot of
this is bluff and bluster
it's as personal a little bit of
personal revenge and a little bit of
leverage in his negotiations its
positioning yes and yeah if we're
talking about a country supporting in
our acquaintance against Trump
you are Ukraine and if we're going about
what they are going Nicosia to during
this meeting in my opinion Trump is
ready to take his revenge on Ukraine on
proper Shenko who very very openly
supported Clinton against him
well Ukrainian officials such as Ibaka
who even had to clean their Facebook
accounts where they had the messages
against Trump so it's a very well known
story in Ukraine but what what is the
most surprising thing about this whole
is the fear that the mainstream ultra
liberal ideologues
the fear that they feel before this
meeting let me just quote a headline
from the London Times anxious allies
look on as Russian the us choose the
talks venue how awful you know they
choose the talks value it can be housing
key European leaders will discuss the
threat the Trump and Putin pose to
Western unity at the Youth Summit this
evening the reason may said that Britain
is prepared to
you repeat initiatives to tackle threats
from Russia even if not backed by the US
it's very good right people get away
when they have good historical
observation here gentlemen this is the
first time since 1945 in Russia of the
United States our scene seen as to be
determining the future of Europe and
there's a threat to hold those thoughts
yeah and we're gonna go to a short break
gentlemen after that short break we'll
continue our discussion on some real
news stay welcome back to crosstalk
where all things are considered I'm
Peter LaBelle to remind you we're
discussing some real news
okay gentlemen let's continue our
discussion on entangled alliances mark
one of the things that has really gotten
under the skin of of the Western deep
state establishments the u.s. foreign
policy blob and the deep state in
particular is Trump's comments recently
about Crimea and that he viewed the
reunification annexation in western
terms of Crimea with Russia and he said
well as he understood it most crimeans
wanted to be part of Russia
which is true I mean he said you know he
talked about in his very precise way has
taken over
you know peu gallop GfK these other
green ever known national polling
agencies right now this this that this
is everyone from Michael McFaul Obama's
ambassador to Russia you know up and
down the line in a fury
James Melville who was the u.s.
Ambassador to Estonia
a career foreign service officer he says
he's quite proud to have served under
six different presidents and eleven
secretaries of state has just resigned
over Trump's policy towards NATO in the
u he is quoted as saying a foreign
officers DNA is programmed well all
right to support policy and were
schooled right from the start and he
said that support for the EU and NATO is
in his maro no no but that that splits
the ideological possession of liberalism
it's also the deep I mean he supports
policy as long as policy doesn't
chickens you have hundreds of thousands
of people their entire career they're
very very essence is determined but
ended and under six US presidents eleven
secretaries of state no one has even
voted doubt about the role of NATO and
the EU and so on in these images and the
fact that the the first time a president
is elected who voices some doubt about
these things you have these
that's right because it's a religion
it's a religion read it
don't let the door hit your butt on the
way out well I think you know it's out
of the mouths of the babes
you know sometimes Trump ready says
right things you know when he called
NATO obsolete and costly he was right
and when he tweeted just recently
Germany has to spend more money on
defense Spain France it's not fair what
they've done to the United States well
it's true and in the reaction in Germany
Angela Merkel's critics when she called
them neo-nazis and something she said
they said actually there was only one
Chancellor in druvan history who had bad
relations with Russia also relations
with the United States bad conflict with
Greece let our viewers figure the
countervailing thing here is that the
Europeans if you agree with him or not
they thought that this DNA that was
baked in to the alliance that the US
would always be the leader would be the
first among equals and that they were
gonna take care of everyone else now
they see Trump violating that trust
that's there to fear the Russians
they're obviously obviously they're good
if the u.s. withdraws troops from
Germany where our German troops go to
move in to Poland to protect the boat a
border Dima I doubt it you know I would
like to analyze something that actually
Trump is back to his a campaign speech
yes because is in campaign again at
least for the midterm and is supposed to
win the primaries the Republican
primaries to have some party or
conservator winning against neo
conservator and and to win again the the
Democrat for the Congress so in my
opinion Trump understood that you need
to get back to the the fundament of
because we have this young lady in New
York Alexandria oka so
Cortes coming out on top in a primary
Democratic primary and she ran as a
Democratic Socialist also calling for
the abolition of ice and then the
written a the rest
the party seems to be catching on mark
Whitley is this the the the the dream of
the Republicans right now the fraction
ization of the Democratic Party because
the party is fractured the their media
that their media arm the mainstream
media will not cover that okay but there
is a real it's the end of the Clinton
Jakarta coincidence well we don't see
this phenomenon just in the u.s. we see
the fracturing at both the center right
and center left in the u.s. in France in
Italy even in Germany it's starting to
occur and in the United Kingdom where a
real left candidate Jeremy Corbyn it
could be the next prime minister
Cortez's policy her policy her platform
was Medicare for all
Federal jobs guarantee 100% employment
that's communism free free to it free
tuition for college for all repealed
citizens united by constitutional
amendment abolish ice restore
glass-steagall financial regulations
with Bill Clinton overturned thank you
very much bill green new deal with a
hundred percent renewable energy by 2035
and banned privately-owned prisons and a
peace economy where she objected to the
US policy of militarism regime changes
and what did you same thing
what did you say stuff no no no but one
of the interesting things from these
Democratic socialists that's is that's
gonna throw a real kink into the works
is that she's pro-palestinian yeah she's
real and this is going to play no
because this is going to be a dilemma I
mean the most important thing that I
think our viewers have to take away from
this is that a lot of people locally
have already determined what they think
of the Democratic Party its
establishment okay things are getting
very very local right now the problem is
Dima the donors still call the shots
well but still she won she defeated this
better and Democratic candidate
how did she win she claimed rightly that
he had support of the PACs
policy action committees and as Mark
said many times rightly it's not the
extreme left or extreme right who is now
threat to peace it's the center the
mainstream just let me give you the one
of the headlines in The Washington Post
you know from David Ignatius is Trump
ranging Putin a victory in Syria why
because Russia is becoming any dissent
in indispensable regional balance a
mediator who can establish good
relations with both Iran and Israel
although this needs to be prevented
who is they who is writing this a
centrist something suspect in the entire
Western I would like to take the French
every example about this about this you
know after the the bombed the shell
Syrian territory we were against this
bombing in France the center-right the
route alright and their elect to the
center left in front was for bombing
people not and but the rest of the of
the of the French party was against
during the first tour on the French
election if you take all the the percent
of people voting for party wanting to
have to get out of sanctions against
Russia to have a known you know invading
policy outside the country it was 70
percent of the French people and McCune
and socialist party center-left work for
intervening you know and you have public
opinion poses mark as men and to is that
the American public are tired of yes
interventions okay all right gentlemen I
want to talk about one other important
topic in this part of the program
Donald Trump is given has been given
what presidents really adore because it
creates legacy second Supreme Court
nominee now the way I looked at the
reaction to it obviously from the
mainstream media they went they blew a
few fuses here mark this is going to add
to the cultural civil war in a big way
yeah over the next few months the the
reaction I saw online and Twitter from
from liberal activists and journalists
was was hatred vituperative hatred for
Justice Kennedy what is so important
ears for many years he has been the
pivotal vote going one way on some
issues to the
conservatives and ones one way on other
issues towards the limit or liberals for
the Supreme Court and this could lead to
redress in a lot of issues instead of
president going forward and there's
every possibility that Trump could have
more supreme guests replacements in the
future and I'm sorry but it's a bit
funny that actually progress ISM is
supported by all people and real people
and no maybe we have a younger young
girl you know this is this thing I mean
I read these articles Millennials want
socialism and you know and I've lived
and traveled all through the Eastern
Bloc before the end of the Warsaw Pact
that and I really wish I could transport
them back into time and let them see
what that looks like I mean cuz you have
essentially economies of shortage
obviously fundamental beliefs that we
have about civil liberties or abs and
stuff I find I don't know team I just
find I mean you lived in the Soviet
Union I find it very naive that
Millennials want to look to Karl Marx
for inspiration I'm afraid they don't
know a lot of things they just don't
understand what it was like actually but
again you know this policy of hatred
that you mentioned you know when Maxine
Waters is actually calling people to
harass to harass Trump's staff members
well it's again chickens coming home to
roost we had the same campaign of hatred
from the Western media against President
Viktor Yanukovych in Ukraine with all
his imperfections the campaign against
him was indecent you know what what we
saw in the beginning of our program
Paula Slayer and the Russian journalist
evgeny Primack of the grandson of the
fall prime minister been expelled from
ukraine what was the suggestion from
that beacon of democracy that
resurrected journalist arkady bob shinka
the fools why did you let go the guy
that came back exactly the guy who was
declared a victim of Putin and who
resurrected himself he said that
Ukrainians were forced to that Primakov
goal they should have kept him as a
hostage and exchange him for the
Ukrainians who were who were sentenced
by court here for
got one minute in this segment here mark
goes back to what we were actually
talking about communism socialism in
Millennials I'm not going to say that
they don't know the ideology but they
maybe don't understand the reality they
think they can just vote people into
power and that capitalism will recede
the Soviet Union other socialist
countries Cuba found out the hard way
what instituting socialism in a
capitalist world means they do not
willingly give up power they are under
siege literally from within and out
which forces authoritarian tendencies in
order to enforce their their own
governments I'm not gonna delight the
you know decry socialism itself but
maybe they don't understand the cost to
themselves and sacrifice and blood that
that kind of future would entail
I think people from the former Soviet
Union many of them nostalgic still
unprotected and those are for cultural
think that's all the time we have
gentlemen for this part of the program
this is the end of our broadcast segment
stay with us for the extended version on
our YouTube page see you next time and
remember stock rolls
now for the extended version of our
program we have political potpourri mark
what's on your mind yeah I want to go
back to what we started with with Paul
slurs you know story which is not
uncommon at this point that Russian
journalist she's not even Russian you
know holding British passport South
Africa and so on
however she tonight has Russian
credentials yes yeah she works for RT
being denied and and the OSCE stupid
response for this now I am the Kremlin
for this no I'm serious
we see with a number of these
institutions the you know we've seen in
this first of all what the push West
back butch regime in Kiev thinks of
press freedom right a when you question
their own regime and how they came to
power but also chose would a joke the
Organization for Security and
Cooperation in Europe is there's a
number of these institutions the OSCE is
the first one that comes to mind the
Council of Europe and it's related
European Court of Human Rights the
Russian government continues to pays is
dues at least it's not paying them to
the Council of Europe it still pays them
to organisation of security and country
in Europe all of these institutions and
many other have an extremely high degree
of institutional capture by Western
governments they've been turned in
weaponized they don't have any object I
can tell you mark i have attended i
attended a meeting in Vienna of the OSCE
the hostility towards the Russian
delegation it was unbelievable and
Russia pays to keep that money it's time
for the Kremlin to wake up give up on
their fixation of dialogue with the West
that has no interest in dialogue with
them stop Cal telling to them stop
trying to appease them and just get out
of these institutions I disagree you
have only one reason for one reason I
disagree with you the other institutions
you mentioned fine the OSCE is the last
one that I think Russia should stay in
because it is a channel of communication
because if if bilateral relations
so deteriorated they have one place one
conduit where they can communicate I
agree with your sentiment very strongly
okay but I think you always should have
a open line of communication back to the
freedom of speech I would like you to
remind that to remember that the
narrative the Western narrative during
the Maidan crisis that will that Russia
don't want to have freedom in Ukraine
because it will be a so good example for
Russian people looking at you cranial
prosperity Requiem you know freedom for
you conceive I'm sorry you said Ukraine
prosperity Train go together I'm sorry
that's a reason why no French majors
thought about this which is in my
opinion very very important by the last
week we've seen the fourth Kiev regime
sponsored militia right wing you know
banderite fascist attack on Roma there
is there especially this must be Russian
see the silence in the Western press
well this is going on revolution of
dignity no we're looking at pogroms of
dignity right now just catching on what
Mark has just said the European Union
just had its summit meeting and as the
EU observer wrote it quietly extended
the sanctions against Russia in the
early hours of the morning you know and
Italy which claimed that it would
protest somehow what is the rationale in
extending the sanctions is this have
anything to do with the timing of
Trump's visit they don't want to change
they don't want to send any kind you see
it's just their interpretation of the
Minsk agreements they prefer to see only
the last article of this text which is
on two and a half pages the last article
which says that Ukrainian border guards
can resume control over the border
between
fifteen let's see the fifteen and see
the last let me give you an advice go on
a French or English Wikipedia on the
Minsk agreement it look at the the
statement in the number nine
okay if you go to zero junior you can
download it in Russian it's it's wrote
that the the border will be give back to
Ukraine after that they will do Donbass
will get an autonomous status they will
free the the prisoner they will on the
front of the English Wikipedia you are
just on the statement number nine one
short sentence that body has to be given
back to Ukraine yes so it the way that
the West interpret the the Minsk
agreements it tells me that they do not
know what to do yes either because they
put all their heads in its midst to
basket which we well I called out on
this show years ago if there is no moral
sanction against Russia it's a complete
collapse of Ukrainian government the
current Korean government because it
means that versa one when at this time
never gave money nor nor France wants to
give to accept the fact that Russia want
not only in Syria they would have a
recognition of reality the reality it's
the reality the reality is very dire
Merkel said that she gave a report on
the Normandy process well the last time
they met in the framework of Normandy
process was in August last year normally
the process is almost dead mostly thanks
to Germany and France and and if we talk
about hostility towards Russia it's in
the ideal
of the European Union the Spaniards they
they Italians the French the Greeks the
like Russia they're not russophobic the
majority of the population is not Russa
phobic they brought two Italian parties
to power which both said they didn't
want sanctions against Russia the
problem is in the ideology of the
European Union as an institution in the
European Commission which has shown that
it can run Europe without voters you
know you know it's you know maybe a
prediction here because this is our
youtube version of the of the program
I wonder if someone's gonna say mr.
president mr. Trump
there's some great real estate deals in
Crimea you might want to take a look at
how to give you some down there this is
a beachfront you know it's some nice
stuff there but you know I couldn't
agree more that we are in front of a
conflict of civilization because fall I
can I can tell about the CAD offset
French chaos at the Foreign Minister
policy minister and that they consider
Russia as an enemy because it's a
conservatism country and you know
conservatism is the enemy yes and
sanctions are not only because of
Ukraine of because of cream a or mh17
it's a bucket it's about the fact that
for instance Russia is more and more
doing almost nothing but in Mari more
influence yes and when people start
looking to Russia especially after this
champion and exactly I mean see Wow even
the Russians have a good time once in a
while listen to the interview of the
French fans in Moscow yeah it's great
it's what we use to word in the
in the French media it's it's ridiculous
the use the word ridiculous Russian
people are a nice the the city is a
cleaner than Paris it's big it's
organized better organized and during
the European Cup two years ago and so so
actually the smart Russian smart pool
works even if in my opinion Russian
could do better always can't I'm really
glad that you brought up that point
because it's Russia in the in the
Western mind as its constructed has to
be punished because it's not modern it's
not like we have and it's this messianic
message the West has to save Russian
Russians from Russia and they're leaving
it's this it's it's in their DNA this is
how they see it
people were just against how they
express their social political views
when they different from us let's go
there's something a little more positive
back to Alexandria Ascari a Cortes Nancy
Pelosi right after the was quick to
ashore of the media that this is just
this one really running progressiveness
birthright one-off district it's not a
trend well that's not actually true
left-left dish you know progressive
candidates all across these these off
primaries one or did very very well
Nancy Pelosi is famous for having
quipped
we're capitalists and that's just the
way it is now I'm going to show my age
here I'm a little bit old enough to say
that I remember when Nancy Pelosi and
rope Joe Crowley who was defeated in
this by Cortes were considered the
progressive Democrats but yeah Peter
what do you think the turnout of
registered Democrats to vote in this
amazing victory by election is very low
12 to 13 percent that is how democracy
is one okay we're almost at Disney this
em guide we're gonna end on this topic
here
deema brought up the probably was backed
by them the super packs and all that
neoliberal what was interesting about
her winning that primary is it he outs
he outspent ten to one three million
dollars to three hundreds of married
would see that for me raised from that's
a very interesting thing all of it with
small donors so even though I'm not for
my democratic socialism one did one good
thing is is voter participation even if
it was small mobilizing the grassroots
that's the only thing and she that's the
only thing that's going to save
democracy in the West one thing you know
in it was that he moved his family to DC
and she there oh yeah okay okay well
apparently she has a she has a fable
about herself she she came from good
stock okay I comfortable by we are on
the consequences of the Bernie Sanders
affair during the the point you know
well that's a discussion for another
program here okay that's all the time we
have for our extended our extended
version of our program we hope you
enjoyed it see you next week and
remember cross stock rules
you
