absolute scenes here initially Novgorod
I can tell you the fan zone is just over
to my left about a few kilometers away
we came here the cheers going up from
there as I'm stood here alongside Peter
Schmeichel I have to say this man called
that exactly as the penalty shootout
started he said Russia's gonna win two
saves from a can 5 job done yeah he had
this kind of game he played I thought he
was fantastic today the little that's
been created he dealt with that really
well I said at halftime I said that the
savior that all that full-time the save
he made was probably the first save he
made in the whole of the World Cup and I
think I'm right I haven't got a
confirmed 100 percent but after that my
god he played well and it was just this
kind of thing we know what you got in
fire if he has this reputation of being
a really good penalty saver you know so
the whole thing was set up for him and
you know I just don't know I mean I
didn't think that was a fan part here by
the way I thought we could hear Massa I
mean it's it's just so unbelievable and
and in many many ways
world is deserved there isn't there
isn't a way of playing a football match
but if you decide on something this is
what I want to do
she says I've did that I'm gonna be
defensive I'm gonna protect what we have
and if I can take it through two
penalties and then I explain anything in
the 120 minutes then we have a chance if
I go out and try and score well they
will use all the space they will score
goals and he I mean tell his players
today if that's what his tactics what
they did today I mean the players they
did a fantastic job and now Russia are
playing in Sochi in the quarterfinals
against whoever wins in this magnificent
stage and behind us Denmark or Croatia
and you know I thought that I told me
with Neil Harvey on air that that game
would be Denmark Russia we're halfway
there I'm crossing my fingers that I can
call that as well well I might be
slightly rooting for the Danes in this
game coming up there they're mostly from
being sat next to you watching this game
today but if we go back to the Russia
game just one few more things it wasn't
pretty at times but was it a victory of
a team of playing together all the
players that are well the spine
players technically better it wasn't
perfect but it was gritty sometimes
football matches are won by that you dig
in you work hard we saw with five
minutes to go in x-ray normal time you
saw players like Maya Fernandez could
couldn't hardly walk
you know they were on the floor with
cramp and you're thinking how is this
gonna go for another half an hour but I
have to say the Russian players they
fought and they fought and they fought
and they never give up they never gave
up at any second and in there were
little sniffs of opportunities for
Russia in that 30-minute period
it really isn't important now what
really is important to talk about is how
they then dealt with the penalty
shootout which it is so much pressure so
they the goal was picked Russia lost the
draw for who goes first a second Sergio
Ramos pick straightaway we go first and
you asked me is that an advantage I said
if you score the first one and the next
one in the next one then it is you were
saying you could hear in Ramos his voice
we could hear a little bit he sounded
nervous when he was coming here but this
is it you know you you are you are it
doesn't matter who you play you can play
the worst team in the world chances are
that you lose if you don't spoil your
penalties he knows that you could sense
the nerves that there's of course where
the whole beginning of the World Cup was
so bad for Spain with a sacking of a
lubber Turkey they've had so much to
deal with so they've gone through this
platitude to this game now and they I
can guarantee you that they thought they
were gonna beat Russia after ten minutes
their 1 nil up everything going to plan
here he made some changes today that he
might just regret now because it wasn't
great and yester came on for me far too
late
something started to happen when Iniesta
came on I think he should have been
playing from the beginning because he
does create space for other players and
it does create chances now you know it's
all irrelevant Russia took this to
penalties this is this seemed to be the
plan it looked to be the plan and my god
did they take them well and the
goalkeeper I mean we
see statues of all the heroes around
Russia here we've seen them in in
Volgograd Mother Russia we see all the
big Russian heroes he deserves a statue
after today I can fire statue may well
be in the pipelines
thanks very much should I Peter you'll
be at the m the the Croatia Denmark game
best of luck to your boys try and catch
up with you later on for chat about that
one this is how it looks here initially
you know god I imagine in Moscow you're
barely going to be able to hear anything
with the sound that's going to be coming
as fans stream out of dilution icky and
start celebrating in the capital tonight
you
