as you heard it's Uruguay who are
through to the quarterfinals after they
defeated the European champions Portugal
two goals to one a Peter Schmeichel
alongside me he he called this pretty
much he said watch out for Suarez and
Cavani Cavani in particular was the man
who had the biggest effect on this match
yep
he did he was brilliant he got injured
which is it's a bit of a worry for
Uruguay of when their game finished he
came on the page
he didn't look looked at being too much
discomfort but it's still a worry you
were you get a muscle injury at this
time in the tournament you know you
haven't got that many days to recover
from so he is very very important to
Uruguay there's no doubt about the the
qualities of Luis Suarez but Edinson
Cavani is for me the big star in this
team and and his performances in in this
World Cup and especially today were just
fantastic and you said watch out for the
tandem together these guys are some
Strikeforce and they combined
beautifully with a one of the longest
one-twos you will ever seen a right
across the width of the pitch this is
how it played out givanni started the
move on seven minutes spreading the ball
out wider Suarez here and he returns the
favor knocking it back in yeah this is a
you know a perfect ball in to a striker
who is very very good in the heading
department and he doesn't miss from
there and that sort of set the tone for
quite a long time
Uruguay then sat back a little bit had
four sometimes five at the back and then
three in front of them and kept the
block very very tight and because you
said at halftime your instructions to
the founder Santos the Portuguese
manager would be get shots at gob they
need to be more direct they need to get
crosses into the box and it's almost
like he had arty on in the changing room
well the thing is it was a it was very
obvious that they were just playing the
ball around there being one no down in
the game that if you lose it you leave
the World Cup you have to try you have
to do something and they didn't in the
so the simple thing is of course when
you are in a crossing position cross the
ball in the box give yourself a chance
if you're in a shooting position then
shoot have a shot what you want to do is
you want to ask that defense questions
they wouldn't have to come up with the
answers and this is what happened in the
second half straight straight from the
goal they went out there they tried to
cut the put where every guy to charisma
on so he gone the right hand side could
could get some crosses in it was right
from the beginning he got one or two
crosses in they started to cross the
ball from the left hand side as well
plus they had shots from from from the
center of the goal and asked questions
of the motor the goalkeeper and then on
55 minutes they had a corner I
complained about the short corner say
they've taken in the first half so this
time they took a short corner but it
worked
short corner and the cross and everyone
kept an eye on Rinaldo and here you see
pepper sneaking in and actually scoring
the first goal against Uruguay in this
tournament it's a really really good
header and no chance for the goalkeeper
who was by the way he was chasing a
personal record of keeping a clean sheet
I think he needed 81 minute and he
lasted a 55 on it so a little bit of a
shame to him but he played well the
goalkeeper and we saw that this point
and very much as we saw in the early
match of the day the way momentum
changed because at this point you had
Portugal in the ascendance seed they
were playing more attacking football
because they were chasing the game
Uruguay defending looked like Portugal
might pull Shawn but that that again
that situation only lasted seven minutes
they were I mean they kept going the way
that they started that second half but
when you have someone like pepper in the
team yeah he he pops up and score a goal
like we've just seen but he also makes
stupid decisions in a game and for for
the second goal that Cavani scored he
made a really stupid decision to go and
try and hit win win a header where he
should just have stayed back and by
trying to win that header he left such a
massive gap for Cavani it's a path into
him and his finish is good I have to
question the goalkeeper in this
situation we can have a look at that now
obviously you see this that cat there
you know there can go but you see what
pivot pip is just running back there it
wouldn't have been there had Pepin not
gone for that ball Kivar nice finish to
the layman it looks like a fantastic
placing in the ball in the corner but
you weren't happy with the keeper no it
is take nothing away from the quality of
the finis thing but when you are facing
a situation like that as a goalkeeper
you have to be a little bit further out
the goal and Patricia was on the line
and also he got carried away he was a
little bit too far to the right as well
and when we saw that that the shot at
from from directly behind the goal I
actually thought to begin with it was in
by the post but it's nearly in the
center of the goal and it's a quality
finish it's a great finish and it's from
a really really hot striker you can't
take anything away from that but you
know you always have to question these
players because they are at the highest
quality in the world and I'm not gonna
blame him for the goal but I just
thought that he could have done a little
bit better I will though
I will though criticized pepper because
an experienced player like him the
places he played the big games that he's
taking part in all the European
Championships and the World Cups all
that experience he boiled that into one
player you know he's supposed to know
when to go for a ball and when not to so
he created a situation for Uruguay that
you know had he just stood back that
would not have happened and what it did
why that was obviously put Portugal in a
very difficult situation and after that
there was nothing in Portugal simply
nothing we're now to try he you know
Hoffmann passed a little bit but nothing
nothing really happened then they talked
about the fact that we've lost little
messy already and now we've lost Ronaldo
and it's a slightly and sad ending his
last contribution to the match he had a
shot that nearly hit the corner flag and
then his very last contribution was a
poor temperament arguing with the
referee and getting booked friend that
was his last last yeah the situation is
a Ricardo Quaresma he's dribbling on the
right-hand side and it looks like he's
been he's been fouled part
the referee waves play on and when we
see the replay I think the referee he
gets it quite right there was no need
for the charisma to actually go down
because he had the ball and he could
have crossed it and run now that he was
so furious that he was up against the
referee like that who straight away gave
him a yellow card which was the only
yellow card in the whole game and heck
Portugal equalized got the next two time
and gotten through to the quarter-final
Ronaldo would have been banned so yeah a
little bit of a sad ending and we're now
speculating that it was this the last
time we saw Cristiano Ronaldo in a
walk-up was the last time we saw in the
alumnus Leo nu√±ez Messi's 31 Ronaldo 32
coming up to 33 we don't know it's four
years is a long time in football and and
by the look of their performances today
they look tired and well I mean we don't
like to lose players like that of that
quality but if they don't perform I mean
we're now there's been okay overall this
tournament but I don't think Messi has I
don't think from being the best play in
the tournament four years ago to now I
mean it's two worlds apart absolutely
you
