so we have seven goals to take you
through first of all though Peter what
was your overall impression of that game
did the best team win um yeah absolutely
the the right team got through Franz
played a lot better than Argentina but
what a game of football seven goals and
so much drama
we had a bookings we at one point and
even at halftime we thought that we
would see a red card as well we would we
thought that would see the famous
Argentine timber flare but it didn't it
didn't really developed into that but
what a game of football and I mean we've
seen some absolutely world-class star
things tonight so Killian Apapa for
instance his performance today was was
magnificent two goals he's now got three
for the competition and we already knew
that he was a great player as that just
raised this profile though with that
performance today because he I think we
sped to say he was the star of the show
I think he was he unfortunately for him
as a precaution he was taken off a late
on the game but he was on a hat-trick
and we were thinking we're gonna see
this this young lad who will be you know
the next super superstar football we'll
see him score his first World Cup
Patrick it didn't come but he made this
incredible run for the first goal which
which ended up you know being a penalty
Marcos Walker who were substituted a
half time had to bring him down but have
a look at this you know look at the pace
and this point he's going away from goal
and I do not know what Rocco's doing
here why is he bringing him down
silly stupid and Rocco had this kind of
game there was a situation not not long
after that where he again nearly brought
Griezmann down this time in all fairness
to Cleese man he stayed on his legs took
the chance the goalkeeper save and he
also saved akka from another yellow card
and thereby a dismissal from the referee
but he was taken off and half-time and I
think in many ways that became
significant because that kind of took
one of the substitutions away for the
eventualities that they needed to put
someone like he Gwen
for instance in in the last ten minutes
to just get the ball
in the box that option wasn't there for
the manager because he had to use it on
but they did the hard work and it meant
a great opportunity for Antoine
Griezmann after fara checked and said it
was indeed a penalty and Griezmann well
maybe look very easy it's never easy but
he made it look so happen it's a cool
head on this player I mean he hasn't he
hasn't played as well as he did in the
euros two years ago remember he that was
his breakthrough he had a really tough
time breaking into the France team and
even a tough time actually getting his
career going
but in that euros he was he was the best
play got golden bolt golden ball and
here he hasn't really been firing as we
know him to do but today he was
magnificent and he also hit the bar in
the first half which I mean he could
have scored a couple of goals
yeah just friends have got several
players capable of playing that starring
role Argentina of course we're looking
to there and talisman the little messy
for some moments of magic instead it
came from DeMaria this was just before
half-time 41 minutes played and it
really literally a bolt from the blue
yeah absolutely the Argentine at this
point and absolutely not in the game
this strike is just incredible but the
what trance did really run in that first
half was too close the right hand side
of Argentina's attacking side down
completely closed it down for Messi and
we were sort of looking for message to
move a little bit go into the middle go
to the left-hand side change a little
bit with the DeMaria which they did in
the second half it became a little bit
better but France still defended well
and we're thinking okay they go in at
halftime 1-1 France you know they're
doing a lot of good stuff that
counter-attacking is working really well
they conceded this goal it was a fluke
second heart gets half gets on the way
the change is made you know it's not
great for Argentina and wood you know it
in the 48 minutes it's 2-1 Argentina and
finally little messy pops up he doesn't
get the goal but he effectively creates
it how much did the Cardo here know
about that he played it quite cool was
that intentional or like well you can
see two ways you can when you see the
slow motion of that
actually looks like it's intentional but
slow motion sometimes tells you a
different story the other the other way
you can see it is that he was trying to
get out of the way regardless of that -
or not in Tina and now we have this
surprise on our hands because Argentina
have not played well at all in the whole
tournament they had a little spell
against Nigeria where Messi played well
and the team then played with it but not
for the whole game
now Argentina are on their way into the
quarterfinals until this next goal and
this is a cracker this is something -
Nicole was from the Argentine fullback
this is the French fullback showing he
can do it even better oh my god this is
what I call this is and the technique
behind that we get the right spin the
goalkeeper has got no chance it's
spending the wrong way for him it's
going in the top corner and you're
thinking wow what a game we now have
sort of an eye I'm just trying to think
if I've seen a better goal I don't think
I have we have had loads of goals but I
don't think we've seen a better goal
than that one and then the map APIs show
started I mean he'd already played
really well but he hadn't scored and and
then this next goal is just an example
on how good this guy is we've seen the
long run from from deep inside his own
half and then it ended up in in a
penalty
now this goal here you see how quick he
is I mean the past from zero what was
incredible but I mean this guy he is
he's just four - he had one before that
to make it 3-2 he's had a quick a quick
brace within four minutes so the goals
of each other where he turned very
tightly squeezed it just under the
keepers hand with a powerful shot that
one more simple but again makes it look
easy the qualities of this great strike
I love it when players like that you
know the East companies he's only a
young lad 19 years of age he's coming
into this tournament he he will be once
the deal between Monaco and PSG happens
it's just a loan deal at the moment he
will be the most expensive player in the
world so you come in with this kind of
reputation and you want to see something
and he's been kind of alright you know
too young
you think yeah that's good that's not
working so well but today my god
I have no idea what you had for dinner
last night but I'm gonna find out and
then I'm gonna eat that everyday I knew
there was a bit more drama to come as
well let's just round up more girl
action for you and this is a gold oh
this is the one yeah this is the one I
mentioned so to keep her could you've
done anything I've been it was a quick
blow powerful shot let's not talk about
that let's talk about the quality of my
pappad the way he takes the ball that
the inlet in the box that touch the
speed I mean he takes a touch that for
most people would look like it runs away
from him but he's in control just
absolutely phenomenal young talent and
his performance today was so good and I
haven't even checked with FIFA now who
got man of the match but I'd be
surprised if he doesn't get man in the
match wasn't he like you said threat
from deep very short bat lifts generates
huge power on his shots and hence he
gets a lot of goals there was a little
flourish at the end from Argentina in
the 93rd minute kun ag√ºero who'd come on
as a substitute probably was wondering
why wasn't on from the start justified
his appearance there with that late goal
no see this this this is so this is a
minute before the time's running out and
sometimes I don't understand team set
out that behind why don't they do that
more often Argentina in the last 5-6
minutes where they really had to you
know really had to put some pressure on
still pass the ball around every time a
player had the ball looked for mercy
they gave the ball to Messi and as soon
as Messi had the ball Papa can t they
were all over him and he had no chance
and I don't understand why they don't
they don't go a little bit more basic
just get the ball in the box see what
happens
and actually right under and on the
death of the game there were three
Argentine players they all got in the
way from each other but unlike again on
a cross that could have been inside the
little box they could have scored a goal
in the light on the last time it could
have been four four and this is what
happens late in the game you know you
think oh we got it we're good we can't
defend this this lead so your
concentration
gets into a different gear you then get
under pressure you learn feel under
pressure where before you dip and you
were in control and this is where all
the little mistakes are happening in
these these moments and I don't
understand why they didn't do that
you
