hello and welcome to Sophia Nicole I'm
Sophie Shepherd not said they FIFA World
Cup 2018 is in full swing here in Russia
streets are flooded with fans and
tourists especially here behind me in a
Red Square but what does that mean for
the players on the ground well I asked a
legendary French football player winner
of the World Cup and the Urich up
Christian kalamu biggest sporting events
in the world is heating up the FIFA
World Cup is moving into the playoff
stage where there are no second chances
and everything is at stake how did the
world-class players deal with the
world-class pressure who will break down
under the weight of expectations and who
will thrive under it and what exactly
does it take to emerge victorious on the
greatest stage Sports has to offer
Christian hi welcome to our show it's
really great to have you with us so how
are you finding Moscow World Cup so far
are you enjoying it yeah I do I do so
because first of all it's very
attractive and so far everybody gonna
discover what is Russia and what is most
cool samples work as an academy in all
the cities all the venues and I think
that they might change the way to see
what is Russia because it's beautiful
the Suns with us indeed the people like
to be here and love now a Russia it's
not your first time here is it no so you
didn't come with preconditions you knew
that it was a cool place yeah I think
I'm Russian and Moscow is very beautiful
places to go and to be and and again you
are here with massive magnificent site
we have the museum behind but we have a
so the Red Square and for sure that we
talked about Bosco is not only Red
Square there are many other things to
visit parks churches there you have
beautiful architectures so so far we
need to discover more true football so
you have literally held in your hands
the World Cup yes true what is it like
it's just a dream come true 20 years ago
we left that trophy in France in a
homeland we hope that Russia can do so
but again it's a like I said it's a
story of mine if I may say that if I I
need to be selfish because when I was
young I didn't understand that I could
reach this level and step by step
working hard gradually become better and
better and to be excellent at the others
and to build same level other the other
professional and of course to become
world champion is just something unique
and great experience but does it
actually feel as good as you think it
will because you know people have this
notion of happiness a goal that you want
to reach true and then once you reach it
many say it was the process that was
really important and too bad wouldn't
enjoy the process because that moment is
not as ecstatic as with thought in our
imagination is it as ecstatic to hold
the World Cup but yet imagine no because
it's like you say it's all the ways the
pathway how you reach your goal
this is prepare yourself to be the one
to leave the trophy or not because there
are too many obstacles there are too
many temptation in your way and you need
to avoid that you need to be very
precise and to achieve this goal and
they leave me to work and to have also
the commitment with your team teammate
because it's a team work and you need to
be with them together as one but then
there longer processes and shorten
shorter processes because like if you
take one air span it's approximately
what 38 games for each team to play
which is like a you know good number and
you can actually work hard and put
yourself on a map to 32 teams yes there
will be less games but the thing is you
need to understand that the elite is
very how we say that demanding and when
we talk about the elite we talk about
championship we talk about clubs
like he smart arc or separatist book so
I think that it's a great big club but
in Europe of course they have this
culture to win trophies and to provide
better players and so far when we talk
about the World Cup championship is the
national team the best of the nations
are playing here yeah but my question
was different when you have 38 games to
play during one year you can gradually
put yourself on a mattress but when you
have three games yes okay and then the
playoffs that's like super extra
pressure or is it not sure of course the
process is so condensed of course it's
so compact but and you need to deliver
one or two performances to qualify best
you can do the thing is everyone had the
same goal everyone have the same how we
say the aim and will to the victory the
thing is the only few remain so when I
watch the football players some of them
are like very focused on a pitch and
then there are others like Llanelli me
over like always smiling like little
kids and within me I always select I
wonder what's more important to be like
super structured like I don't know sure
the Germans or have like this kid like
light and youth that makes you play one
of the best football what do you think
is more important to have this kid in
you or to be super structured for the
football this is the value of our sport
you know you need to be diverse and when
we are diverse meaning that you came
from many environment many background so
you don't need to cut what is from
yourself because when you talk about
skills or talent Randi know for example
that he's from favelas in Brazil you
cannot say tell him he should be like
this no you you kill him already if you
do so but if we come with his own
passion we all skill he can deliver what
we don't expect and he can be one of the
best so so far is two different
environment two different background so
no if the German play like this if they
are efficient they can it's good it's
fair it's good for everyone
so it's good for the competition it's
good competitiveness and a diversity of
course of style and then there's the
emotional component yeah
like for the actors and for arts people
or for journalists like when we reach
great successes then there's this
emptiness that comes up to that like and
you don't know what to replace it with
and when there is failure that's also
just as sad what is it for a football
player what's harder to deal with great
success or failure both both because I
think that what we are learning is
trying to be successful and to avoid
failure but is the failure is also
something to push you to be on the road
to a new pathway to reach the goal and
success and I'm the other one indium
failure can be also very very negative
to you a pathway to your career because
when you don't reach your goal you
become maybe a bad player maybe a waiter
for instance I'm not gonna be a loser
I'm gonna get over this that's why we
have all the motivator we have a
supportive coaches that we have of
course the manager to motivate it's not
easy you have the family to motivate
it's not enough enough but at least if
you have good teammate if you are
inspired by people who are excellent I
think you are Drive to go to reach your
goal so to be driven to when I was
growing up and like looking at football
they're like concrete guts of footballs
like Brazil France Germany Spain when
you look at this World Cup - it's
something incredible I don't think it's
I don't think I've ever seen this before
I mean yeah that they're always
surprises but not to this point I mean
this amazing teams that are always been
established it's like part of the elite
establishment are struggling with teams
like Iran Tunisia
I still just like my favorite yes what's
going on is that the world will change
yes it's just part of any market we talk
about globalization and I think football
is really so when we talk about
statistics we talk about new technology
everyone have the same analysis
everywhere in the world they can focus
on one player they can focus on one club
or one national team so they can learn
quickly and and only datas they have in
their hand so they can see it there is
no small nation anymore because they can
really read everything learn about the
opponent so you think there is no gap
anymore so you think the success of the
other teams is due to access to the
information yes of course now before the
competencies or has the other knowledge
is you have it we do you cannot say now
you share every every couple big
informations and analogies so if you if
I give you a million dollars right now
yes just to spend it like this on the
wind okay which team would you bet it on
in this World Cup one team pick one
thing to bet to work to win yeah
Wow I will put Russia seriously we are
home yeah also I want to talk to you
about how much a success of a team is at
this point for determined by a good
manager and a coach is that enough or do
you need to have a squad of stars in it
or just one or two stars or anything the
manager is a key of the the success also
when he drive his team to one goal and
they need to respect that of course you
need to also teamwork and you can see
that in the Eurasian squad they were
performing together
sheriff Juba they are doing something
but still there is one collective game
and this is very good
how great is it for instance one like
one huge star takes on a mission of a
coach for instance like in in Ronaldo's
now the rested like everything sort of
like hangs on them is that a right thing
no I think they respect also that
teammate the respect also the the
coaching theory but of course one star
pool in the end they aspire they need to
inspire the others so they need to make
some actions and presento by scoring
many goals he inspired them so he's the
one who to follow but the coach lived
that because he know that he is the
leader in the group but he cannot cut
that because if he cut the leadership of
Cristiano he lose the team is depend is
it was debatable because in Hero finals
I saw him giving instructions to ladies
and cheering them like he was the actual
coach yes yeah he's also the captain and
the coach yeah so it's normal for him to
support his own team to support the
manager but of course to be to inspire
them as if he's in the bench
and also like when I was watching
Argentine games I mean the commentators
those the Russian common errors I mean
there are all about Messi Messi please
Messi that oh my god what's wrong with
Messi why can he score a goal and I'm
like oh my god this the success of the
whole team is actually hanging on one
remains yes like in like Neymar with
Brazil so I think that is normal that to
have names of stars right is it for that
star I mean it's very much a huge
pressure yes it's a big pressure for
them but the thing is if the people
around him his teammate is doing well he
will shine if they are not doing well
nothing is this normal
it's a collective game everybody forget
that one actor in the pitch is very
important if one actor is not playing
well you can have unbalanced in a team
if and two or three it's finished we're
going to take a short break right now
when we're back we'll continue talking
to legendary football player Christian
cat ANBU is the winner of World Cup and
euro stay with us
and we're back with Christian Caramba
French legendary football player when
our hero I am the world crab Christian
when you play football you always to
commit fouls and World Cup is as serious
as it gets it's like I like the F Camela
yeah yes is it like you're at war yeah
or is it a gentlemanly game still
there's no there's no gentleman there's
no behavior like that I think that we
all want to win and we want to lift the
trophy and and so far it's one
commitment in your life you need to try
to reach this one and and to go for it
and whatever happened of course now we
have the Viera to mention this or that
and but still you are human being you
need to respect of course respect to the
adversary the opponent but so far you
are also built to be a warrior and to be
a winner so so there's so many
tournaments right now I need to read
them out because I can't even remember
there's a FIFA World Cup FIFA Club World
Cup the general championship the
Champions League
Confederation Cup Olympic Games yes I
mean I don't know how can you worse
balance between making a profit from yet
another high profile tournament like
this business schedule and is it fair on
a players do they not need time to rest
recuperate yes this is what we are
trying to talk about with a union of the
players to have more how we say that
area to rest but also fees where they
can increase in in the clubs with the
national team also if they pay you more
money you can play all these games today
when we talk about professionalism it's
all about money it's all about business
what about physical capacity and that's
why that's why we can also enhance the
team to 40 players and like this they
can have a rotation but so far yes it's
all about business because today when we
talk about any event in the world is
billions of viewers and the
is normal and one billions of us is
extra money what about the viewers what
you said I mean yeah it's entertaining
and you love to you know tuning and
watch a good football game but who
doesn't that like diversity the amount
of diversity and the amount of
tournaments take away from the main
prize the World Cup it kind of
devaluates it no because in the end
people from I don't know namibia or
people from Polynesia they can see the
red square they can see Luzhniki stadium
they can see Zuba they can see another
country is playing in russia and this is
very good they can see Kasim they can
disturb the country and not only sport
but they can see what's happening in
Russia and this is good and cool for
everyone it's international its global
so for a football player is there like
this one price that you want to win like
the World Cup because for instance for
actors it's always an Oscar yes yeah and
everything else he still says that was
gone but still everything else is
secondary
yeah for instance by the Golden Globe is
important but not as important as
for football players is I would imagine
it must be the World Cup like you've
seen the World Cup you see in the
Champions what's the difference
different because when you are the club
you want to run the shampoos leagues but
it's valuable I will say that price and
and you know that every year you can
reach this level and but the World Cup
is every four years so you need to wait
four years every time but you need to be
an obscure with great great performances
if not you are out of the squad of the
national team
so so far you need to be regular on
shampoos league a tournament on the
Europa League tournament and to deliver
something where you can be selected to
be part of the national team squad and
to perform in the next worker
I was growing up in Paris and watching
you play football and when you're
watching when you're playing for a
national team and you had your issues
with French national team remember that
it's hard to play for a national team if
you have that inside you I mean is it
still like a hundred percent dedication
to play for one country's team well you
know you have that history that bothers
yeah the thing is I Know Who I am
so as if I play with the French national
team I represent my people I represent
France but also through to myself I
represent my people and it's good to
give the business the visibility to my
people through me through school through
football through French Jersey and to
again to share the information and to
have a great communication a clear
communication transparent communication
about Who I am a way I come from and
they're the French people understood my
issue and and they're they respect that
because it's normal that you are from
somewhere and nobody know you this is
not normal so you should make everybody
understand and TVs radio can helped us
and now new technology I mean I
understand because I'm a Georgian and
I'm living in Russia Russia is my
country but I always say like I love
Georgia probably more than Russia
because if you don't love yourself you
cannot love anyone else on positionally
so I know what you mean
so I remember like you refuse to sing
the national anthem and then when
friends try to conduct nuclear tests
near your country to New Caledonia you
actually have the whole team behind you
to protest did you ever experience
backlashes from the French government
for protesting no because I'm in the
right path and I'm talking about truth
reality is real today we have disease in
our house a they create viral disease in
this area in how we said more
for example we we have many people have
died a lot so they know they understand
the mistakes but I did talk about this
and for me it's normal because first of
all we are human being and we talk as
human being after that when talk about
politic is another thing but it was my
feeling to talk about it and still I'm
doing some documentaries all around the
world to talk about people who are
living aside because they choose to be
to live aside as if we are now in the
21st centuries I mean obviously you
don't like the first known athlete who
protests something socially or
politically for instance in America the
American football players who protested
during the anthem and the president got
involved do you feel like these protests
they bring awareness or do they know
people I think that is always each
country have different story and an
environment background and pursue that
in America for example as if mr. Obama
become president four years ago two
years ago I think that he stopped sorry
his presidency the American never talked
about the own history because they do
the amendment but they never talk about
the own story who were there who were
natives who came in America and how they
developed them some and this is very
crucial to make everybody understand who
they confirm who they are extra and to
be together and to understand together
in the same country to be American no
afro-american no white American what is
this oh you're American
oh we are not and this is our purpose in
the Harvard University we talk about
this because it's crucial today to to
understand that first we are human being
there's no nothing else which race this
one race human race
as if you were a dark white or whatever
and we talked about with scientists it's
just a biological chance that's it
they're angry by human race but there is
a precondition in people's mind in terms
of professions like for instance a
well-known athlete when people when he
protests or she protests people are
looking and the common accusation is
like what do you know about our problems
you know like you're making so much
money you're living a dream so they flee
you're so detachment reality like what
are you protesting about so we can say
that but the thing is somehow we need to
to start because if not the problem
remains and also we need to to start to
eradicate the imaginary of people where
where the system put this on the loop
and and they do it last normal no we
need to make this change and it's normal
its proper for the human being for the
nature to change same ok back to the
football so I always wondered ok but to
Philip he all all of you guys just play
for different clubs you're stars of this
clubs and then once you're back in the
national team often when you face of
another team you're playing against your
playmates in in the club yes I mean I
don't understand what you must be going
through because for for instance a it's
a good thing because you know his pros
and cons so you can out win that person
yeah but you also have that bond with a
person that you don't want to be
fighting with because you in other
circumstances you're fighting together
yes but the same when you're in TV or
when at when you have them seen you do a
scene you can be no no but you can be
you can you can in with this saying you
can win the Oscars they are the saying
you don't or another movie you don't
it's the same no it's not course because
what I say to is the meaning that when
we go to another championship is to
learn and to gain experience in that
championship but what do you feel when
your
playing your mate from the club that's
why that's why the thing is before and
this is European history in football the
thing that before
everyone remain in their own
championship in their own countries the
European European nation has was created
so we can play in Europe so we can move
from France to Italy to Spain and each
sir friendship is very Hausa valuable
and very competitive so so far we go to
this championship to be competitive also
as a footballer and therefore we know
from that when we come back to the
national team we are rich of these
knowledges and we can perform better and
this is everyone
scientists from Russia can go somewhere
else to give his knowledge to exchange
and I come back here to be better it's
the same is in every countries when you
exchange some competences informations
you get better at an excellent you're
talking about changing clubs you're
talking about changing clubs I'm talking
about once you play in a club this is
that on a national level you play a game
to the person with whom you're fighting
for the club yes but this is normal this
is a in each country you do it in each
companies you can do that this is the
same it's a market it's a business so do
we want to become a coach no why not
no because I have done already in a
pitch said during 20 years so I want to
be a part I want to be more behind the
scene to care about management to care
about players to care about the their
pathway to succeed yes Christian thank
you very much for this entry and we
shall the best of living through
everything you undertake in a future
tango Russia
you
