hello and welcome to cross top where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
remember when the political left stood
up for free speech and equality for all
in public life remember when the
mainstream media called for the same the
tone and tenor of political discourse
appears to be at a turning point if you
don't agree with the left you face
insults harassment and even violence is
a new civil war on
Krauss fucking political civility I'm
joined by my guess Rob Talib in New York
he is a political pundit and journalist
contributing to the Huffington Post in
West Palm Beach we have dr. Gina Loudon
she is a psychology expert in hosts of
America trends with dr. Gina and in Los
Angeles we cross to Ron flic own he is a
comedian frequent guests on the Jimmy
Dore show and The Young Turks as well as
host of his owns streaming show get your
news on with Ron RI crosstalk rules in
effect that means you can jump in
anytime you want and I always appreciate
Gina let me go to you because I know
your political stripes pretty well and
reflect upon what I had to say in the
introduction I mean if you don't agree
you face insults harassment and violence
asked representative Scalise about what
it means to be on the receiving end of
violence it seems to me and I don't want
to over dramatize things but over the
last few weeks it seems to me that part
of the political spectrum wants to
normalize political violence and in
terms of speech at least go ahead Gina
in West Palm Beach
yeah it's discouraging because I think
that in my whole political life my thing
has been that sometimes I'm wrong and I
hold myself out to the fact that I may
be wrong but I enjoy the civil discourse
some of my favorite things to do have
always been shows like yours where you
can have a conversation in a civil
dialogue without ridiculing the other
person without calling them names
without accusing them of some form of
bigotry but the left has taken attack
you called it a civil war I'm calling it
an uncivil war a massive step away from
civility and then they tend to want to
do this blame game and blame the whole
thing on the fact that the president is
somebody who hits back just because
conservatives traditionally have never
hit back and so I think that it puts
conservatives like me in in a really
discouraging place in that we've always
wanted somebody who would hit back the
bully on the playground right I think
that's a good thing because bullies in
politics they shut down civil discourse
but in this particular case I think the
left has taken it far too far Steve
Scalise being case one but there are a
lot of other cases that we're seeing
almost every day now and in the
political
environment you know Rob eh I used to
remember is that okay I can understand
you know the Liberals used to be the
ones that were tolerant and wanted
dialog and wanted to engage people and
now we have a president which who can be
quite vulgar at times I think everybody
on the panel and our viewers would agree
a lot many times he's a bit rough okay
but why does the left now have to
emulate that I mean aren't they supposed
to be better they've always presented
themselves as being the better part of
the political spectrum it seems to me
they want to get in the mud and fight it
out that way which is not really part of
the left's tradition at least my reading
of it go ahead Rob well there's an old
expression that you don't get into a
peeing match with a skunk and I think
it's been a huge error on the part of
Democrats but I'm gonna make it clear
Donald Trump has set the stage for all
of this and if there were 60,000 people
in Yankee Stadium and everybody cheered
for him except one person
he'd be tweeting about that one person
that doesn't like him but I don't think
that the Democrats are doing the right
thing my fellow Democrats in in the
attacks that they make against Trump
against his allies just in general I
think Maxine Waters is is the biggest
enemy that the Democratic Party you just
look like an idiot saying the things
that she says and does and I I find it
repugnant I've been attacked because I'm
I'll speak and I'll say well as a
Democrat and then I get blasted on
Twitter from people saying you can't say
that you're not a real Democrat you're a
phony you're you're you're a plant
you're a bot and so it's like oh I can't
have any kind of dissenting opinion I
have to just have an automaton alike
response and with all due respect what
do you expect from identity politics
okay that's exactly where it goes you're
not fitting the mold you know then
you're an enemy that's what identity
politics does let me go to Ron Ron what
does the left hope to achieve by this
strategy I mean a you know you don't
have the leadership speaking out against
it Schumer said something and then he
got attacked for it again identity
politics comes into play it's a losing
proposition I don't know what the
Democrats hope to achieve by going down
this path go ahead run well you know I
don't want to split hairs on optics here
but but I think when you in in the in
the topic of this conversation when you
say the left what you're really
referring to is the Democratic
establishment good in the corporate
media and and I would argue just for
optics sake that's not the left one
could argue that something like an MSNBC
and the Democratic establishment that is
in fact the the liberal establishment
but when you're say liberal you should
be using it in the Phil Ochs sense 10%
to the left and the best of times and
sent to the right one it affects them
maybe for the question that's actually
there's nothing actually progressive Wow
I agree with that okay but in and the
questions that I sent out to everyone
here I said establishment or left so a
girl Kyra procreation and okay but my
question is what does the establishment
left want to achieve by taking on this
strategy all it does is increase you
know it just increases the volume and
the temperature of political discourse
when we have nothing to the point where
we don't have any okay go ahead Ron oh I
agree with you and I think they really
thrive on creating this amv dichotomy of
hey we're not Trump and Trump's awful
and we're not that when it comes time to
talk to policy they really don't have
any ideas you know we live more than
ever before we live in a two-party
system Louis black said it best the
Republicans have bad ideas the Democrats
have no ideas so when you have
absolutely no ideas and when you have
this president that's kind of a
knee-jerk reaction arey you know that
says you know some outrageous think
sometimes what else can you do but then
get and get into the match yourself
engage in the hyper partisan clickbait
culture that were
part of and try to run with it and hope
that maybe you beat a Republican or two
in 2018 the third priority of the
Democratic Party is winning their first
priority making sure progressive
policies don't happen their second
priority which those two things kind of
go hand in hand is pleasing their donors
their third priority may be beating a
Republican or two by engaging and just
partisan bickering you're getting all
three of those things accomplished well
you're getting those top two things
accomplished that third one soon maybe
that's a recipe for a disaster okay Gina
reflect upon the fact that recently over
the last weeks or so it's been
conservative women particularly that
have been attacked in public we don't
have to go through all the names cuz
there's so many of them now I mean I
thought the Democratic Party loved women
and respected women go ahead Gina yeah
we had the whole when they go low we'll
go high thing it looks like when we when
someone goes low they're gonna go lower
the whole war on women thing they've
turned that into a war on any woman who
disagrees with their politics I would
really like to get back to a time where
we can have a conversation a little bit
like we're having right now frankly
we're probably the three of us wouldn't
agree on policy matters much at all but
we can definitely agree that civility
and conversation are much more
intelligent way to go about establishing
policy that works for America than
slinging insults and especially as you
pointed to Peter it's the identity
politics I would argue not the president
the identity politics that have brought
the Democrats to where they are in what
is amounted to a truly uncivil war that
is really among the left this I mean the
right we're getting along pretty well
not perfectly but pretty well I remember
a few years ago when I thought the
Republican Party was imploding but at
this point I really think that identity
politics is imploding the left that they
have got to get some issues to stand on
and to work together frankly because
even if the three of us four of us sat
down and discussed policy we could agree
on we could find something that all of
us are passionate about and we could
fight together on that but rather than
that the American people and especially
the traditional Democrats out there
they're watching this lunacy go on on
the left and thinking I don't know but I
know that's not what I want and they'll
lose in the midterms because of it I
feel quite sure at least at this point
if something doesn't change fast you
know Rob why can't the establishment
Democrats reign these people in are they
afraid or are they but they're worried
that the their base is drifting to more
aggressive of socialists we could look
at what happened in New York I mean what
what's their lack of reaction and
because it seems like the lack of
reaction shows the huge splits within
the party go ahead Rob it's a completely
fragmented party right now there's no
leadership who can you say is the leader
of the Democratic Party nobody can see
plan C releasing water Cory Booker
Maxine so you know and here's here's my
proclamation for the Democrats that they
better that they have to get the sky is
always blue water is always wet and
Donald Trump is always going to be
Donald Trump so stop complaining about
what he says and what he does because
he's always going to do that why don't
you throw some policy at us and tell us
what you were going to do Democrats to
get rid of him or if it why should we
vote him out what what is your plan as a
Democrat I can't speak to any policy
I've heard other than Donald Trump is a
creep and a jerk okay I agree so what
what are we going to do
Ron you're agreeing there know that my
point is it's ever but ever since they
love the campaign not even the election
is that the more you go after this guy
the mainstream media the more you push
them up and it's free advertising what
so much and you have seen him go out on
the road I mean all he does is attack
these people and they love it okay
they're giving him all his material Ron
yeah you're absolutely right and I'm
sorry guys I miss a little bit I was
having a tech issue on my anti it's
called why was it something I said I
don't know
I thought we're having a good discussion
but but everything just kind of went out
for me for a second so if I'm if I'm not
totally caught up I apologize but yeah I
think Rob bring us a very good they
don't have any policy ideas I don't
think that's an accident though and
that's why again I'm very
disenfranchised by the two-party system
right now because I don't feel that
there's anybody with power in politics
with exception to Bernie Sanders okay
that represents any of the policies I'm
gonna jump in here I'm gonna jump in
here we're gonna go to a short break and
after that short break we'll continue
more discussion on political civility
stay with our team welcome back to
crosstalk where all things are
considered I'm Peter lamell to remind
you were discussing political civility
okay let's go back to Ronon in LA on
skype here you right before we went to
the wreck you wanted to finish up a
point please go ahead yeah I was just
getting at you know Rob brings up that
he's not seeing any policy ideas from
the Democrats he's absolutely right I
think this is by design I think that
really the United States is ready to go
in a more populist direction if the four
of us you know the four of us sat down
as dr. Gina was saying if the four of us
sat down in really talked policy we
wouldn't agree on everything we seem to
kind of be all over the spectrum we have
different points of views on different
things however there would be some
really big pillars that I think we would
all have in common I think we would all
want to end the wars and invest that
money back home I think we would all
want to see a populist where where
unemployment is in better shape we might
have some different ideas on how to get
there but it's something that we would
all want to see happen there would be
some big crucial four instances where we
would be on the same page who does that
not benefit that doesn't benefit the
establishment
that's right Ron let me go to Jimmy you
know why all four of us can have a civil
conversation because we don't have to
worry about donors really that's reason
why okay yes make you become more but
that's right that's right you know Gina
one of the things that really bothers me
one of the things that really bothers me
about what's going on here is that my
first incarnation professionally I was
an academic historian and I taught
courses at the University of California
and I really really hate it when people
start using the term Nazi and calling
someone Hitler because I know the
history of the 20th century in Europe
extremely well and the people on the
left throwing those terms around are so
object and without knowledge they don't
know what they're actually saying it's a
very terrible those are terrible terms
and you have to use them very sparingly
go ahead Gina cuz this is what gets on
my nerves well in that that
is discouraging to me too for exactly
the reasons that ron cited when i
believe that there are productive things
we could do if we would actually work
together and for all the criticism of
this president he has been someone who's
willing to work with his political
enemies and he's willing to sit down
with democrats and he's willing to ask
their opinion and that's one of the
things I like best about him is even
willing to call himself off once he's
really decided somebody's a bad person
and and to stop and listen and if we had
a little more of that particular element
in our society I think we'd be better
the Democrats have themselves in a real
position and here's why their money is
coming from the far extreme left those
in Hollywood and the progressives in
general but their votes come from places
like the Rust Belt the unions where the
jobs are drying up because of illegal
immigration and other sorts of policies
that the Democrats have passed so the
Democrats can't figure out how to get
both the money and the votes and that's
their dilemma they're going to have to
start to develop if they're going to
survive in a two-party system as Ron
referred to they're going to have to
develop some sort of policy that can
appeal to a broader base and pull from
Republicans not that I'm here to advise
the Democrats although that sounds like
that's just what they did but I kind of
watched some of these problems happen
within the Republican Party not all that
long ago and I honestly and and you may
not believe me because I am on the right
and I don't deny that but I've landed
here honestly and I'm willing to admit
when I'm wrong I honestly crave a
government where we have a strong
opponent that comes up with good ideas
yeah so that that makes my side better I
think that polishes all of us when we're
all more honest that's a very smart
observation there I think that's really
good and that may in that makes the
political debate brings it up to a
higher level here Rob one I want to go
back to this historical thing because I
think it's I think it's really important
here I mean when we have people you know
it's like the end Tifa people that you
know this really the fringe people
they're saying that you know making
comparisons to Nazi Germany well I would
say that there is a historical analogy
and I would buy Maher Germany where
Germany was collapsing in the 1920s for
a whole wide variety of issues but there
was during that time there was
the lack of respect and the breakdown of
public discourse that's one of the
reasons why the Nazis was able to come
to they were able to come to power and I
think that this is a critical moment
that that's a history lesson is if you'd
continue down this path yes you could
create a very very disturbing future but
we are not there yet and I think people
need to step back and and and all of us
here at will like mine policy policy and
more policy I'm tired of the emotions
go ahead Rob well first of all as a Jew
I I don't like the word Nazi thrown
around so arbitrarily and easily I think
Trump I'll make it clear I think he's
despicable I don't like him he demonizes
immigrants but that's not the same thing
as what took place in Nazi Germany and I
agree with you Peter we have to look at
things historically it's it's like what
happened in Iran with the Ayatollah
Khomeini and we were so upset about that
as Americans well why did that happen
who did we support we supported the Shah
of Iran what you know Republicans used
to complain so much vociferously when
when Fidel Castro took power but we had
multinational corporations in Cuba
paying workers two cents a day there so
of course there was a revolution so I we
have to look at what leads up to things
and things Donald Trump didn't just pop
out of nowhere and invent himself and
and just get elected by magic there were
things that upset and infuriated people
and he had an you know voters that came
in and elected him and so we have to
look at the why instead of again
complaining about Donald Trump oh he's
this he's that he's terrible he's a jerk
and Tom Landry had a great sign when he
was coach of the Dallas Cowboys it said
what if there is no what if it and so
let's let's deal with reality and what's
happening right now and again I'm going
back to policy policy policy you know
Ron we had a Supreme Court Justice
Kennedy announces he's stepping down I'm
really worried and I mean if we think
the political atmosphere is bad now wait
until he
successor is announced and before he
goes or she goes before Congress I mean
this is good to be a one hell of a storm
ahead of us here because it's already
started I mean the ink wasn't even dry
in the document and that that war really
started flaring out I'm really worried
about how this process is going to work
go ahead run I mean you know I'm also
worried about a hyper conservative
Supreme Court I understand but what I'm
saying but what I'm saying is is that
I'm more worried right now is the
process because what it does is it
taints the entire process it taints the
court and now you have people on the
left extreme left doubting the
Constitution itself now there's a lot of
things that need to be done but if we
don't have the same playing field and
the same laws then then we can Ben we're
even further away from communication
there is going to be a confirmation
process and now the Democrats better get
their act together and ask good
questions instead of just throwing their
arms up in the air okay that's not gonna
help anyone go ahead run yeah and we'll
see what they do I mean when it came to
neo Gorsuch they certainly just kind of
threw their arms up in the air and and I
think that one of the things that this
does for the Democrats is it really kind
of strengthens their argument of blue no
matter who hey look what happened look
at the Supreme Court for all you people
that want to actually change within the
party for all you people that wanted to
run is progressives or all you people
that went to Jill Stein this is your
fault
it's not the fault of Barack Obama who
just kind of let his pick go and didn't
do anything about it
it's not the fault of the Democratic
establishment who propped up a flawed
candidate and arguably the only
candidate Donald Trump was capable of
beating it's not the fault of our
political lack of any type of hardball
whatsoever and just rolling over to the
Republicans because a lot of the
Democrats just go along with the
Republicans anyway it's your fault the
whole Supreme Court thing just kind of
strengthens their blue no matter who
arguments meanwhile you know we're
facing a potential hyper partisan hyper
conservative Supreme Court for years and
years to come and
I'll respond to something Gena said I
don't think the problem with the
Democratic money is necessarily
Hollywood now this is coming from
somebody who the president of show
business still will not take my phone
calls so maybe there's a little bit but
I think it's you know they're bought and
sold by the same people you know their
donors are the pharmaceutical industries
their donors are big oil so of course
they're not going to come out against
fracking because Big Oil gives them a
lot of money of course they're not going
to come out Wall Street thank you yeah
so it's like when you have two parties
that are just kind of bought and sold by
the same people one party's allowed to
represent those people unapologetically
cuz hey we're on the right this is what
we do the other party's just a little
more subtle about it okay Gina you know
I really like De Niro's films he's a
great actor I think he made a complete
fool out of himself by making a
spectacle out of himself and one of
these award gatherings here I mean it's
really time for Hollywood to kind of
simmer down and you know we give you a
few ball actually a lot of bucks to
watch your films but I don't need to
hear your political opinions to be
honest okay because I don't see how
anyone really in Hollywood
except for maybe Clint Eastwood okay
I'll show my prejudice but I don't see
that they're particularly well informed
that I don't know why they should try to
get involved in the political process go
ahead yes for example when they're
saying you know destroy ice it's only
existed for 15 years that's not true
it's just called a different name before
so when Hollywood comes out on these
some of these issues they sort of they
make some mistakes because they don't
have the historic knowledge that you're
talking about and and that doesn't look
good either but I think that Ron
illustrates a really keen point here
that should be punctuated and and that
is when when both parties were both
listening to the same tune right if the
wall street the you know whoever came up
whoever had the big money because they
needed it to be reelected
that right there is what I think that
people like me who like civility who
like
I am a conservative bona fide as best I
can tell again I keep an open mind but I
think I am but that's what I liked about
a Donald Trump and that's why I elected
and worked hard to elect Donald Trump it
wasn't because he was like me it was
because he didn't need or seemed to
watch or even seemed to have a lot of
regard for those same groups that had
always controlled you know in particular
Big Pharma in particular Wall Street
some of those groups he didn't have a
need for them he didn't seem to care or
give them much regard or even respect
and I wanted somebody who would answer
to me and I think that the average
Democrat out there right now they want
the same thing they want a politician
who's not bought and sold who will
answer to them and they can't find that
in the Democrat Party right now and
that's the conflict okay I'm gonna jump
in here I think the political
established left needs to calm down and
I would give the same advice to the
President of the United States that's
all the time we have many thanks to my
guests in New York Los Angeles and West
Palm Beach and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here at out Heat see you
next time and remember crosstalk wheels
you
