coaches and people who organized the
work and all the conditions of the teams
I think that they all valued and they
all appreciated what they have seen in
Russia I think that you also saw some
messages in this media but we see that
there is another topic that is promoted
in the media about the fact that
Russians host foreigners they do it with
an open heart and soul which is very
fascinating
we haven't expected that to be honest
and it's nice but actually it's said to
see that some of the it's good to see
that some of the Western media continue
to past good materials about World Cup
in Russia they show all the information
about that what's going on what happens
in host cities and we're happy to see
that the FIFA World Cup organized in
Russia is appreciated seriously by those
who were quite skeptical about that
particularly one of the Lithuanian
officials so that he doesn't see
anything bad in the ideas that were
disseminated in Ukraine and were
supported by the head of the British
Foreign Office particularly when they
called to boycott the sport event so
what can I say about this we said that
this that the reality is the best tool
to fight propaganda so that's announcer
to the question about the Russian is
elation from the entire world we cannot
say that Russia is isolated this is a
lie he wanted to isolate
but actually you failed it we see that
there are people who want to isolate
Russian tries to do that and there are
normal regular people before living in
the world they have their own political
views their own preferences they
understand that there are such
principles as peace good neighborliness
suppose for the sake of the peace so
they understand that all these
installations is just attempts to
politicize they smell her also and
talking about those who said about
Russian isolation I need to say that
there are so many guests in Russia who
visit Russia for the first time and
those who visited us before could see
could understand where is the line we
read the truth but we see so many people
who are visiting Russia for the first
time despite the fact that they were
intimidated by the media nevertheless
they decided to visit Russia and to see
what's going on here official
delegations continue to visit us and
representatives of political
establishment of different countries
visit us the Japanese princess for the
first time this is a psychotic Hamada
and there's trillion newspaper Sydney
Morning Herald wrote that she's the
first member of the Japanese royal
family that visited Russia and the
Japanese princess said herself that it's
an honor for her to visit Russia when we
happen to see that this information is
disseminated in the world the Polish
mass media which were not often famous
foolish
say that there are all the conditions
and unique opportunities to enjoy the
sports festival like the Polish radio
station our FM FM said that Moscow is
ready for the world camp some of the
media of the Baltic states which are
fortunately said that the Russia's goal
is going to fail the organization of the
event they changed their tone they
became friendly so again we'll witness
that reality has wound over artificially
created stereotypes and this stereotypes
are really artificially created awry
imposed to everyone another newspaper
The Independent the article written by
Oliver Carroll wrote an article called
English fans fault with Russians they
tell about the lateral relations there
are so many examples of such articles
that are published in Europe Asia Africa
for example the English newspaper Daily
Telegraph wrote that the English match
in golden brown proud that English fans
had enjoyed perhaps the friendless and
of tournament football match that they
could recall it actually interesting to
remember against a backdrop of all the
those BBC films about aggression of
football fans they just showed real how
they showed it here in a year and a half
ago they said this videos that showed
that you couldn't visit this World Cup
in Russia because English vests are
going to be bitten Belfast Telegraph
also wrote about a football fan Billy
grant he said the following when I got
on the plane I was still a little bit
nervous but as soon as I got into town
and walking down at the fan fest people
coming up hugging you taking photographs
I would say to everybody don't believe
what you read come out and see it for
yourselves and his colleague said are we
going to believe all this negative
things that are written about Russia we
have seen everything and we are not
going to believe it
the Norwegian newspaper Dagbladet says
that Russia is in greens a tree of the
FIFA World Cup is the best one and the
Norwegian journalist says the full wing
now I better understand why you feel so
good at the World Cup championship
they're talking about bonding again
which is mentioned in many languages
which goes beyond state Buddhist so host
country should be paid high tribute for
this organization but unfortunately we
couldn't avoid a fly in the ointment the
American newspaper wall street journal
publishes in materials this is the
article written by Joshua Robinson where
he writes that the victory of Russia
over its first two adversary's raises a
lot of questions because of the doping
scandals in Sochi and who is raising
these questions who is raising these
questions when what questions do we have
we have published materials on that
matter again and we call all those who
have doubts about that to examine the
statement of the FIFA press service and
the statement of the anti-doping
Commission where they say that all the
cases against Russian football players
are closed and there are no questions so
to them talking about this biased and
propaganda information there are fake
stories to be honest it's difficult to
believe that Russia is not that burberry
country that they were writing about
so the Western media continues to spread
all this a fake stories particularly
there was a photo where there are tens
of dead bodies of dogs in the street and
they say that this is the World Cup in
Russia and this photo was disseminated
this is a picture that everyone is
seeing when they visit Russia but after
that we found out that this photo was
made in Pakistan this photo was made by
the Richer
photograph Akhtar Sam roll this photo
was made in Karachi on the 4th of August
2016 but actually we found in regional
photo so this photo wasn't made in
Russia but many agencies AFP for example
used this photo in its material about
the fact that what happened
in Russia in the lead-up to the World
Cup 2018 and there were some other fake
stories
unfortunately CNN made it about they
were writing about Mohamed Salah who
wants to leave his national team because
he is very displeased with the situation
in Chechnya and so on and so forth it's
just some absurd they just made up this
story ok if you found this fake story in
the social media again there is no
stated source but before you send it to
the TV
maybe you should provide some official
position of the Egyptian team maybe you
should provide a quotation for that so
the Federation of libel allegiance said
that they have no information about the
solarz intention to leave the team so
that's the methods that they use
we heard also that Russia wants to use
this post festival and its political
means but what political means are they
talking about it's not clarified to be
honest for example there are many
examples when other countries used to
this post festivals used in political
means but we're saying that sports has
nothing to do with politics we're saying
that politic this this situation will
only harm further the athletes we were
shocked by the event that was organized
by the OSCE in Kiev on the freedom of
the media and they linked this topic
with the World Cup in Russia what does
it what does it have to do with the
World Cup in Russia maybe some of the
journalists were banned from the event
but no there so many things were
transparent organization was transparent
and we didn't hear any accusations about
that from journalists so we don't
understand what they were talking about
but personally I think that it is so
Tricia stew bluto's I sports and the
German media made his best in doing so
every day several weeks we heard calls
made to the public to the petitions not
to visit Russia so every day we have
seen the same material I don't know the
target audience of this materials I
don't believe that Russians saw the
target audience of these articles maybe
this articles and materials were made
for German football players after
reading all this so calls to boycott the
FIFA some of the players
not to visit it but well it's just an an
assumption just a thought but I would
like to cite several quotes of the
participants of the FIFA World Cup they
have left Russia because of the results
of the game so they have already their
own opinion about Russia about
organization for example Icelandic
football team which is loved by many
Russians Russians who who were
supporting this team and they were
worrying for them as like for the
Russian football team so the Icelandic
football team wrote in the social media
that this was the epic World Cup we it's
an honor for us to take part in it and
we think Russia for their hospitality
and yes in buno American players said
that Russia has good stadiums and good
people and they Geryon player gave a
commentary to journalists that we are
supported in Russia were in facing
racism and it's good to see how we're
supported here and I need to say that
racism was a favourite topic in Western
media when they tried to call people not
to visit Russia so we will continue to
follow this topic and we will continue
to support the good game and beautiful
game and will continue to support our
football team and now let's go to the
traditional part of our briefing we'll
start with a schedule of the Russian
Foreign Minister on the 4th of July the
Minister of Foreign Affairs of Jordan
Safari is going to carry out a working
visit to Moscow and his negotiations
with mr. Lavrov are going to discuss
pressing issues of international and
regional agenda with a focus on Syrian
crisis settlement in the context of the
escalation zones put in place by Russia
United States and Jordan and they will
also discuss the palestinian-israeli
track they will discuss also matters of
the lateral cooperation we need to say
that dialogue between foreign ministers
of Russia and Jordan shows a high level
of trust similar and converging
approaches on key international and
regional issues now let's move to
general issues of foreign policy let's
talk about situation in Syria but
traditionally stationed there is quite
tense since there is no reciprocal
movement to peace and political solution
on the basis of the UN Security Council
resolution 2254 radical Syrian
opposition and their sponsors who
continue to move forward particularly
when I talking about the in fact that
terrorist groups are still on the Syrian
soldier had a nutri and not defeated
ISIL fighters continue to act and they
continue to use the fact that there is
no power in the territory is not
controlled by the Syrian government
particularly here we are talking about
the southern these collisions the zone
which was established by Russia us and
Jordan in line with all their decisions
despite all the commitments our partners
weren't able to make sure that the
ceasefire regime is respected by armed
opposition they weren't able to continue
the fight against extremist groups
particularly the Islamic state a pardon
or al-qaeda and other organizations
recognized as terrorist by the UN
Security Council
they were failed to achieve the main
goal which is to make sure that there
would be no ftfs in the escalation zone
the southwestern part of Syria continues
to be segregated from the overall Syrian
territory so border crossings are still
not controlled by official government of
Syria to deliver commercial and civil
cargos as was mentioned in Russia us
jordan memorandum signed on the 8th of
November 2017 they're still alternately
attacks against aerial survey - which
kill a lot of civilians since the 24th
of June the Syrian governmental forces
deployed on the southwest of Syria the
offensive operation to eliminate
terrorists and to tourists to achieve
the unity of the country on the 25th of
June they have cleared logit from an us
recruit and they have liberated bazar al
Herrera city in the Dara province and
ice fighters were made to leave the
villages of cows abu jahal
i tell new gear on the eastern part of
the neighboring province of Salida the
Russian servicemen are doing their best
to comply with the arrangements to reach
a reconciliation between Syrian
authorities and armed opposition that
are not working with terrorists Russia
didn't withdraw from the memorandum
signed with the United States and Jordan
on the 7th of July 2017 and 8th of
November 2017 on this collation zone and
self wasn't part of Syria we confirmed
the need to comply with all those
provisions particularly when it comes to
the fight with chapada nusra terrorists
since I as terrorists and to eliminate
to make sure that they
won't be present on the church free
despite the fact the use administration
decision to allocate 6.6 million u.s.
dollars to to finance the white helmets
proved in Syria again makes us think
about genuine willingness of Washington
to eliminate terrorism and to settle the
crisis in Syria there are so many
information about the activities of
white helmets involved in an anti Syrian
information can campaigner launched by
the West in general the us-led coalition
and the United States said continue to
provide support to provocateurs who work
together with terrorists I cannot I
cannot ignore another topic which is a
result of a prolonged serious crisis
this is a problem of refugees and IDPs
to settle this problem we have to
achieve a desired level of security and
we need to restore infrastructure
facilities and economy facilities
refugees won't be able to come back to
their places unless electricity would be
supplied then water would be supply will
be supplied there we need to restore
schools and medical facilities and also
we need to create jobs for breadwinners
who would be able to provide food for
their families Russian servicemen
continued to clear territory from all
the explosives which is an important
contribution to the creation of
conditions for secure and decent return
of thousands and thousands of Syrians to
their homes we will welcome any
initiatives of international community
that will help Syria and its people and
will help to settle the situation in
this country they
on the solid international legal basis
particularly UN Security Council
resolution 2254 on the 24th of main the
Russian consular office in Erbil were
able to return to their home country
minor Russians Sofia gala diva and Salma
gala diva their father mr. gali Tov
Russian citizen and their mother
Azerbaijan citizen MS goosey Nova are in
the counterterrorism service detention
center of Kurdish autonomous territory
of Iraq they are in the in the
investigation of their involvement in
the terrorist activity the their mother
MS was a nova decided to keep with her
their third child use of Goleta Russian
citizen the sisters were returned to
Russia from the Iraqi Kurdistan by the
parents of Miss regulative who received
all the help from the general consular
office in Erbil at the moment only minor
Russian who is in places of detention is
staying with parents in the Iraqi
Kurdistan again I'll remind you that
their mother miss kusenov I decided to
keep their third child the Russian
Foreign Ministry through their embassy
in Baghdad and general consular office
in Erbil will continue to follow the
situation to all those who are in Iraq
and the territories controlled by the
eyes Terrace will continue to take all
the possible efforts to identify their
citizenship in order to finally make
sure that they will return to their home
country now we'll move to another
two other questions tragic questions
we're talking about the fact that day by
day representatives the Western
communities are trying to destroy
international legal basis but they are
saying that they are trying to preserve
it but in fact several days ago we have
commented the situation
the fact that the United States decided
to withdraw from the UN Human Rights
Council was said that regularly the
United States take a blow at the not
United Nations we're talking about her
NASCO Human Rights Council so there is a
new attack launched against
international organizations that is part
of the United Nations again so yesterday
this attack was made in Hague where
there was a special session of
conference this special session of CWC
conference of the States Parties as a
result of political manipulations and
direct rivalry of some delegations and
blackmailing London and other states who
reportedly support the strengthening of
the CWC managed to force their
questionable traffic decision that
entrusted the Technical Secretariat of
the peace OPCW with powers out of its
scope this document and Trust the
general director of the OPCW technical
period to submit for approval draft
proposals in November 2018 on a regular
session of the conference the proposals
on similar investigation mechanism to
provide technical assistance to
convention State Parties in order to
identify perpetrators organizers and
sponsors of the use of chemical weapons
we believe that this decision is not
legitimate when this decision was taken
the conference went beyond its mandate
Russia who witnessed the creation of the
CWC and the Russia who took part in the
decision of joining this convention was
part of another organization OPCW had we
have tasks of technical cooperation to
national programs on destruction of
chemical arsenals so there was a
mechanism to make amendments to certain
aspects of its activities and this
mechanism matched with everyone's
expectations it cannot forget the fact
that the CWC tasks include prohibition
of development production acquisition
accumulation stockpiling
in use of chemical weapons as well as it
prohibits the promotion and
encouragement of similar actions the
first article of the CWC has all the
lists of methods to implement all these
circumstances why it can be like the
refusal of the use of chemical weapons
that are used to fight with rallies or
as the means of as a military means
they chemically nick IQ doesn't have any
proposals that would mean the
possibility to create special mechanism
to identify those responsible in the use
of chemical weapon OPCW without
revealing of the text of the Convention
and making amendments to it in the order
as foreseen by article 15 to OB CW well
it is impossible to do that realizing
that a lot of any possibility to do that
by any legal means to approve those
amendments that shake the credibility of
the organization in Britain and their
allies decided to use a pretext and to
use and to promote their elude
illegitimate decision of the
organization and they are silencing that
one of the main purposes of the
Convention and would like to remind that
one of the main purpose is a universal
and comprehensive elimination of the
chemical weapons and this aim hasn't
been reached and those who are promoting
this idea are representative of Western
countries those who are having the
greatest Arsenal's of chemical weapon
and they are postponing the time limits
the the elimination and we are repeating
this all the time the initiators of the
decision that we characterize as a
legitimate focus the attention to absorb
the different tasks to identify the
responsible in alleged chemical
incidents as I said the illegal methods
cause that eighty two states supported
British project and they are now going
to impose their opinion
on that we believe helpful to other
states and we're speaking about the fact
that it is more than 100 States is that
credible in terms of their participation
in the OPCW this undermines the
mechanisms of the Convention and the
basis of the organizations that who
really shows the split inside the
organization's and risks to fragment
eyes it completely we are grateful to
the states that are together with Russia
upholding the international law and the
fundamental principles of cooperation
between States and those who voted
against this a project of the conference
of States Parties of the convention the
consequences of this we are to see the
consequences of this decision of this
project another desperate step an absurd
step but in the same direction was
committed yesterday by the American
delegation in the organization of the
united nations in the UN and the
situation is following on the eve the
conference of UN States countering terms
the permanent representative of the UN
at the of the UN from the United States
together with countries Russia Cuba and
Venezuela they accused these countries
pressure against efforts that aimed to
counter tell reasons at the same time
media of publishing information on
anonymous sources in the administration
of the United States about the thing
that Washington decided not to provide
financial financial support to the
organization encountering Terrance at
the UN and they will reduce the number
of participants in the organization the
agency is headed by Russians of Vladimir
Vetrov and it was also said according to
the agency that this is important it's
not the first time when we see the
original situation when our American
colleagues changed the situation
completely and the way they do it are
more and more upset every time let's
have a look what happened in reality
according to anti-terrorist conference
considering the sensibility of the
issues discussed from the beginning it
was planned to be a forum of official
representatives of the states the heads
of Counter Terrorism agencies some works
before the beginning us and number of
other countries started to provide
pressure and in a very strong terms
asked the civil society to participate
in this event
the format of the conference provides
for organizing a closed meeting the
first day for the heads of
anti-terrorist agencies and then
together with NGOs civil civil society
during the days of the conference
all right so during the conference the
American side the American delegation
what some reasons decided to organize a
scandal artifice and they had the
representative of the US at the United
Nations organizations it was beyond all
the norms of behavior were speculating
but using the fact that the decision was
taken under the pressure of Russia we
believe that such statements are not
appropriate and it is very weird for a
diplomat to behave like that but
unfortunately it is it goes in line with
the normal line the normal policy of
this country such methods to dictate
threaten and even threatening not to
provide money or financial support are
used by the United States on more and
more occasions and it crosses completely
and contradicts the tasks to task of the
international organizations and the
principles of work of the organization
and contradicts the norms of work of
diplomats well the whole world needs to
unite against this evil the u.s. is
pursuing its narrow interests political
interest based on double standards in
the area of counterterrorism reducing
the number of their participants in such
organization just countering all the
ways of dealing in this area especially
in terms of common efforts on countering
terrorism the references of the u.s. in
national identity of the
secretary-general lady marenkov we
consider as another accusation and
russophobic behavior and hysteria the
accusations are baseless and we state
that this was a phobia is deeply rooted
in American establishment and is
converting in paradox I want to say that
such behavior will be assessed in the
future and we will consider this in our
future work another issue that I would
like to speak about scruples case we are
not going to step aside from this issue
this part continued unwillingness of
British side to contact with Russian
representative self on issues on
investigation of Salisbury incident and
considering continued concern of our
state of health and situation in general
of the affected Russian citizens we
continue to seek clarification of all
aspects of the situation and to provide
consular access to Sergey and Julia's
cripples we are not satisfied with
Foreign Office's formal replies to our
requests we believe that it is highly
unconstructive of London to take a
one-sided approach like going out in in
carrying on with the investigation and I
would like to stress that Great Britain
refused to cooperate with the Russian
side on this case even though
we submitted through diplomatic channels
the requests such approach of the
British side and misleading of people on
what happened really in Salisbury and
the actions aimed at forcing their
law-enforcement agencies to work within
their limits that they established
demonstrates political pressure on the
course of investigation from which
London probably expects on the
legitimization of the absurd accusations
against Russia incredible as it may seem
but after three and a half months the
investigation and the is still ongoing
but there is still no even the list of
suspects with simply Friends of Wales
together with his wife was it a sober
Salisbury so have a look how town is
going back to normal life after the
incident once again I repeat that we're
speaking about the use as official
London said of nerve agent and how after
the use of nerve agent chemical
substance how is it possible to normal
life normalized life in Salisbury this
is what Prince of Wales wanted to find
out no comments on this we have only one
question in this regard at least members
of royal family managed to seize
cripples maybe they are also interested
in what happened there in reality at
least he could really see the scruples
and the best traditions of spy fiction
scruple case is behind a
by a lot of secrecy everything what is
going on around this is absurd and even
British allies
I'm almost kept achill and doubtful
about credibility and objectivity of
anti-russian statements Britain's
partners and g7 in EU just at that
moment didn't even bother to address the
circumstances and they took London's
words for granted and until now they
received no evidences other than words
that we all know about highly likely and
that there is no plausible explanation
other than that the russian state was
responsible and so on so when I was
reading when I was studying the history
of Middle Ages I think you remember it
very well when people women scientists
doctors were set on fire and the people
around we're asking why so the
explanation was just the same there were
no other plausible explanation that this
what happened was done by witches
couldn't be so this is a medieval
rhetoric an example of development of
culture example of building of
architecture it might happen that when
we use this is one side when we use the
word
medieval but another case is when we use
the word medieval is this crazy
countering foreign idea is something
that we cannot explain but this phrase
is from official documents that there is
no plausible explanation this is this
medieval statements and way of thinking
I'm speaking about here even British
media that left was the first Club long
ago
not once expressed the their doubts in
what in what happened and even
independent on March 7 published an
opinion piece and there were more and
more such articles about this case not
only in Britain but in other countries
there is a greater overview of the
incident that allegedly happened in
Salisbury until now we have no facts
that could support the story so we have
to use this such such words as allegedly
supposedly as we were said and so on I
would just like to remind that former
British Army soldier Lenny mushroom has
a similar opinion and in his talk radio
talk said that Russia has no reasons to
to kill us crippled because he was not
so interested in for Russia anymore and
I would like to remind again that he was
an officer of mi5 and he said that
deeper reasons could be found in
scribbles case to discredit Russia and
we spoke about it many times and what is
interesting that when we were talking
about this case said always is was
collected by Britons and presented as
accusations of Russia in this
information but even British themselves
are speaking about this right now this
what cool thing is taken from British
press unfortunately the Western
countries are continuing with their
official narrative speaking about
solidarity well did they find in
solidarity here and now
but this crazy accusations in something
that you cannot explain on June 19 that
NATO's general secretary stolen Berg in
Guardian published an article and he
said that it seems to have no qualms
about using military-grade nerve agents
on our streets I would just like to
remind mr. Stoltenberg that first of all
the investigation is still ongoing and
all his statements all his claims are
based especially on exclusively on
political ideas of British side and
second the person who is in charge of
local a group but an important
organization and he speaks about what
happened on our streets and he is asking
what could happen if on our streets
military-grade nerve agents will use
their and this is what London says and
this is what NATO countries are in
solidarity with and the context of
absolute lack of evidences the
statements of mr. Stoltenberg are not
only just professional and groundless
and absurd but even threatening because
they are inciting destructive
russophobic sentiments and they are not
helping to foster constructive
cooperation of solving really important
issues of the international agenda
another issue related to the Great
Britain we were shocked of with the
awarding to mr. really the Knight Grand
Cross of the Order of the British Empire
it should be noted that waa da was
established on November 10 1999 on the
parity basis together with an
International Olympic Committee and
national governments is presenting
itself as an Internet and into
independent international organization
so we have a question about moral and
ethic component of head of autonomous
agency in in awarding him such a title
of owner by the leaders of a sovereign
state it is not about awarding an order
it is a good practice to award orders
from one countries to other countries
for some contribution in developing
let's say relations and developing
cultural ties and financial relations
and so on but this is a different story
it is noted that such great owner to mr.
Reidy was given for his achievements in
sport but it is well known that in this
the this knight grand cross is the order
for upholding interests of the of the
state of Great Britain as for sport as
such it is good time to remind that
initiated by vada and groundless doping
scandals would be aimed to ban various
words from competing at the important
international competitions we couldn't
expect worse from this and we have to
state in this situation that the
activity of mr. Reidy
and as he said sport without politics is
an elusive dream it is just a quote and
it is not helping the strengths in the
Olympic movement today what we see
unfortunately because of what happened
under his presidency we see a disturbing
trend in politicizing sport
and we have never seen such a level of
politicizing of sports there were
similar cases or intentions to use sport
in politics but not of such level we are
strongly against any manipulations of
sport competitions and we are upholding
the principle that sport is should be
out of politics and we should play a
fair game we couldn't but pay attention
to the Ukrainian comments on North
stream - and we were asked to comment on
this at these statements of Ukraine are
not just confront a tional but they are
irrational these statements about spread
to Ukraine again shows that it is not
wash about the opponents of the North
stream - politicizing the issue and
everything that is going on around this
issue the space in this area I would
like to remind you that the root of not
stream - through the Baltics ceded
almost 2,000 kilometers shorter than
three train the cost of gas delivery
will be significantly lower than we see
current tariffs when delivering it
through Ukraine state-of-the-art
equipment is used in Nostrum - which
makes it completely different from gas
system in Ukraine the two gas pipelines
the bottom of Baltic Sea diversified the
roots of blue fuel delivery to Europe it
is not just will not jeopardize but it
will strengthen energy security of
Europe where demand for gas will improve
will rise in in the future so Russia
multiple on multiple occasions stated
that nostril - is just a commercial
project
considering the economic efficiency and
reliability it should be implemented and
the claims by Kiev gives reasons to
doubt the opportunity of reliable
transit of Russian gas to European
markets via Ukraine and another case I
paid attention that simultaneously was
this statements that were heard from
Ukraine similar statements were heard
from Washington you know it's just twins
statements so it is clear who is
standing behind what is going on in Kiev
but even these issues that particularly
the issue of Ukraine of Europe
Washington is also has something to do
here and on other issues not related to
Ukraine on June 22 president of Ukraine
expanded the list of sanctions against
the Russian Federation he included
number of veteran organizations such as
Russian organization brothers in arms
and the Russian union of veterans of the
war in Afghanistan I want to say that
maybe we should call it a coincidence
but taking into account the events and
the situation in Ukraine we cannot say
that and this happened particularly on
the day of sorrow and on Memorial Day in
in Russia we would like to stress the
role of the organizations that were
sanctioned in provision of humanitarian
support to the citizens of Donbass from
the very beginning of the conflict the
organization brothers-in-arms helped to
provide food and clothes to Donbass to
veterans and chill varner about
layers of society who are suffering from
negative consequences of the conflict
and the organization of Russian union of
veterans of the war in Afghanistan also
sent food to the children in Donbass I
would like to remind that hundreds of
people died in the crisis and tens of
thousands of people from Ukraine became
refugees those who love their in on the
territory faced crazy consequences of
humanitarian crisis because of black aid
of lower in forces the population is
suffering because of the lack of food
and medical medicines and the City
humanitarian situation in Donbass must
be speedily improved that is why we see
that Ukraine is trying to push out all
the organizations of humanitarian nature
from the situation and we believe that
such actions are inhuman and
inappropriate and acceptable and the day
of sorrow and the was an important day
and that the situation the sanctions
happened particularly on that day shows
that the Ukrainian authorities are
aiming at dividing peoples of Russia and
Ukraine now the issue on propaganda of
propaganda Deutsche Welle
we made examples on contents that was
disseminated by Deutsche Welle
as it is specified by the sources it is
a paid promotion we're talking about the
the use of instruments in the promotion
of aid materials and the collection
propaganda materials I would like to
see that quite soon Deutsche Welle
replied to questions but I need to say
that they didn't answer our questions
they answer some other questions so the
answers have nothing to do with what we
have been asking for that's why we
decided to move back to that issue
judging by Deutsche Welle statement
people working they didn't agree with
our assessments I said they said that
the tweet that was shown by the Ministry
of Foreign Affairs will only just
announcement of the interview of a
program in Russian and nothing else and
if it's an announcement or in the social
media for their social media is just an
ordinary case but we're not contesting
media's right to publish critical
articles on state politician or
political party we're talking about
other thing this is a screenshot of a
commercially promoted material which was
sent by one of our subscribers
subscribers and it's not just an
announcement again it's it's a judgement
about our country so for the financial
means provided by the federal government
of Germany this materials are widely
spread that convey an inappropriate and
insulting opinion about the head of our
government so we are not satisfied again
with the glorification
well the to the tweets that they present
as a replies to our questions who will
continue to work on this manner again
because we think that this is a
disinformation and propaganda that is
disseminated in the social media this
goal or the 18th of
in our Twitter account we asked our
subscribers to share screenshots about
the same announcements of Deutsche Welle
under the hashtag date by the DW well
laid by the Deutsche Welle and this
tweet actually generated a great
interest among our subscribers 100,000
subscribers and users have seen our
tweet and many subscribers send us
screenshots of our Dutch well at Witts
and usually when people receive
complaints from users no one knows as
users but everything is open everything
is restaurants so openly Twitter users
complain about us well and their
advertisements they say that there is
many messages from Deutsche Welle so
it's like spam from Deutsche Welle
and many of them decided to include DW
account in the blacklist
so I thank all those who openly openly I
under line that who openly share their
opinion on that matter because in this
situation the opinion of users matters a
lot because it's not about a politicized
view it's we're talking about
appropriate reaction to what users of
writing about so this twit is not a
single example because virtually is more
and more engaged in propaganda again it
was confirmed just imagine that in 2018
german taxpayers are paying their taxes
for DW that would make satirical
cartoons for russia propagandist
cartoons but we're not against it but
why are you making making propagandist
cartoon
and you're spending so many money on
that and you include political contact
in their political subcontract it's a
clear propaganda well the German
propaganda school has strong historical
traditions so we'll continue to follow
that but every time when new materials
will appear in the German media about
the fact that Russian media is
propagandist please remember Deutsche
Welle
it's not a single example they're
working every day
just imagine the reaction if Russia
today would make this similar content in
Germany because they're making this
content in Russia in Russian they are
making cartoons in Russian for the
Russian audience and they receive the
support of the federal government of
Germany and at the same time we're
accused of propaganda and were accused
of involvement in domestic affairs of
other states again this is not a
non-governmental organization it's not a
union of German cartoonists no it's
Deutsche Welle
in 2018 Deutsche Welle is to receive
14.5 million euros from the federal
budget of Germany according to state's
Minister and culture and mass media of
Germany Monica Rogers this money will be
allocated to improve broadcasting in
Russian Ukrainian Arabic and Turkish so
there would be more curtains like that
as I believe the fact the federal
government's website says that Deutsche
Welle is a foreign media of Germany so
this is a foreign media outlet of
Germany that receives budgetary
allocations and promotes content that
is not a part of information which is a
secret which is a concealed propaganda
and they receive federal budgetary
allocations for that they want actually
dodge valve wants to represent Germany
as a make sure European civilized nation
and as a free democratic legal state so
I'll explain it to you in other words
again free democratic legal state that
receives taxpayers money to promote a
propagandist content and to present it
as in use it's just sad projects that I
mentioned this is all uncovered
propaganda and this is this is an
influence of a government funded
organization on the Russian audience and
it has nothing to do with journalism I
would like to take this up any
opportunity and to ask my colleagues
from the State Duma Federation Council
Andrus Commons or federal communications
and mass media oversight service and
competent agencies and the Russian civil
society to pay your attention to the
situation to provide expert opinion on
this matter and please just try to
examine the situation in line with the
standards that our Western colleagues
are using when they're talking about the
Russian media and some other materials
that's related to the information space
the European Union continues to promote
a question of the internet regulation
and fighting against disinformation and
fake news at the conference in Vienna
mass media and democracy in Europe hero
Commissioner on Justice consumer rights
protection and gender equality mentioned
that the Western
audience is more is more interested in
social media and bloggers so she called
everyone to use the rules that are used
to traditional mass media and Russia has
been talking about it for years we say
that you cannot make reference to
materials in social media without
applying rules used in traditional mass
media as well as for the internet
platforms your Commissioner called
to adapt the code of context of conduct
to them but that this person is aware of
is aware of the political content of
Dodgeville I think that this person is
going to learn about it soon this
proposals were criticized by human right
activists and mass media because the
serious censorship by refusing this
assumptions euro commissioner mentioned
that in the European Union freedom of
expression is not absolute which makes
the European Union may different from
the United States when such initiatives
are discussed in Russia the
representative Western cultures start to
condemn not because they see this
initiative is anti-democratic and
attempts to restrain the freedom of
speech and freedom of expression but
when they discuss it in their
institutions they change their position
they try to deny all the protests from
the human right activists and
journalists this is not just double
standards this is absurd we call our
European colleagues to abandon double
standards practice when they discuss
fake news doesn't end as information and
please we ask you not to use
alternative for alternative ways because
you're going to harm the freedom of
speech and the words of journalists
because we believe that this is sensible
work and it covers the work of
journalists civil society and it should
involve all interested actors and
stakeholders and it should be carried
out in an open way and another material
that I would like to share with you you
see screens here well can't will
continue work to expand our presence in
the social media and we are doing it not
only officially but we are doing it not
officially also we see that there are
more and more people who are interested
in the situation in Russia the use is
interested in situation in Russia and
abroad so in Instagram we have created
an account which is supervised by the
young diplomats Council and is moderated
by this council this council will be
both the Russian Foreign Minister Sergey
Lavrov we receive a lot of questions and
requests to post official photos there
are many photos there there are many
official photos but we are asked to post
her informal photos so this for us will
be posted and they are being posted
already on the Instagram account this
account is becoming more and more
popular so again you will be you will be
able to find all these folders on the
account at s dot the dot Lavrov you will
find the link in this telegram of this
briefing and in the internet sources in
the web site or the young diplomats
Council
so subscribe to this Instagram account
it will be interesting for you now I
would like to answer some of the
questions that we received before this
briefing I was asked to comment the
delegation the visit of the US
delegation from the US Congress from the
39:30 sub June to the 5th of July the
American delegation from the ASEAN
Atrisco Congress is going to visit
Russia they will have representatives of
the Senate and House of Representatives
the delegation will be headed by mr.
shadi and the program will include the
visit of San Petersburg Moscow meeting
with the representatives of the
Federation Council and state to mine
other Russian officials will be happy to
welcome Americans is the person foreign
ministry we hope that the visitor of the
US delegation room provide an impetus
and will help to restore full-fledged
interpolant Aryan relations between our
countries which were frozen by the
Congress representative sent we believe
that it will be able to foster our
cooperation and will play a necessary
role in our relations and will help to
improve the atmosphere and will help to
foster mutual understanding and many
questions Japanese journalists asked us
to talk about the Russia depend meeting
in b2b format to pass to format so we're
working on the possible day of meeting
because I cannot give you any details
about that on the 26th of May the
Japanese Prime Minister's on the joint
press conference said that they're going
to meet the end in the second half of
the year and the end of the year so
we'll provide all the details later
another question that I received was
about the participation of foreign
delegations in the Eastern Economic
Forum in 2018 we are working on the
details of the Eastern Economic Forum
that will take place in Vladivostok on
from the 11th to the 13th of September
we will come back to this question and
August and will provide you all the
necessary details now I'm ready to
answer all your questions yes please I
know some of our information agency must
come up on the 1st of July
Azerbaijan will assume for the
presidency in Black Sea Economic
Cooperation Organization so what's the
reaction of the Russian Foreign Ministry
about that and Russia as the state party
to this organization what are they are
relevant questions for the other bhajans
presidency we discussed it in the
meeting and I would wish all the
successor to the new president and new
presidency in their work and from our
part we will try to make a foothold
contribution and we'll try to make sure
that the work within their civilization
is a fact of an efficient also we'll
publish some information about Russian
approaches on the work of this
organization and we'll also try to
toggle to talk about it and the next
briefing the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
of Azerbaijan announced his meeting of
the of the heads of of the Foreign
Ministries of Azerbaijan and Armenia so
what's the Russian reaction to that we
believe that the meeting between foreign
ministers of these two countries should
be commented by these two countries if
this meeting is agreed then we would
like to wish the
for ministers to achieve effective
results and to have negotiations in a
good atmosphere which is quite necessary
to settle all the problems on the agenda
Vermillion Azerbaijan yes thank you yes
please
several days ago my cool was visited by
state duma chairman mr. valladon so when
he was talking about nagorno-karabakh
conflict he said the following let's do
everything on this track and let's
proceed from the idea that everyone who
supports the escalation of relations are
choosing the dangerous path so they
could my question I have two questions
to be honest how would you comment the
words of vulajin against the backdrop of
all the threats to address this conflict
in a military way voiced by Azerbaijani
officials and the second question does
it mean that Armenia doesn't have a
constructive position on this conflict
again I would like to call call to call
your dear colleagues to be constructive
in your work I perfectly understand
please don't think that we don't
understand we understand that each world
that you voice on Nagorny Karabakh issue
or on a state which is party to the
conflict generates a lot of interest but
the most important thing is that
trying to understand to what was said
you should be constructive you should
stay constructive and please try to make
sure that it wouldn't be regarded as a
provocation and would it create
additional problems in the situations
where we should remain wise because we
we we should try to address all the
issues that stay on the agenda it
doesn't depend on the country that you
represent it doesn't depend on the media
that he represents you know our
traditional approach in our relations so
to Azerbaijan particularly when it comes
to the discussion of nagorno-karabakh
fish here this is an official position
it remains the same it's fundamental
we're working with the two parties to
the conflict and we'll try to achieve
all the desired results and first of all
we don't believe that our role when
we're not trying to compare ourselves
with Baku or Yerevan but Nagorny
Karabakh issue is one of the pressing
issues and the international agenda so
reaching settlement reaching a political
solution of the conflict in line of the
in line of in line with all the
positions and documents meets our
interests you know this so the Russian
approaches to this issue haven't changed
and third there are many statements made
by politicians Palmateer Ian's
historians there are many of them you
know that the official position on this
issue it
is well-known so my recommendation to
you is toss this question to the person
who said that what they meant it because
in this situation I don't want to go
into details I would like to compare
with what was said in how it was said
again I would like to say that we truly
believe that confrontational rhetoric
will result in to the continuation and
confrontation such statements that in
our opinion didn't add any positive
effect to the conflict solution but you
don't don't just count them the main
task is to make sure that this and
constructive statements won't put more
obstacles in our path to achieve
solution of the crisis there are many
statements that are made in different
formats that have nothing to do with the
statement that with the real statements
sometimes there is no context sometimes
they state the quotations have changed
so like all the discussions that we had
here several days ago please use the
official point of view you are well
aware of that again the Russian position
hasn't changed please be very careful
with quotations and don't try to
escalate situation which is already
complicated so I call you to be
constructive as much as possible yes
please thank you
have two questions first
you spoke during a statement jr. address
about the conference at the OSC but on
the issue of freedom of media and there
were some statements made by Russian
journalists and made they were made some
comments on this issues and how could
you comment the situation and my second
questions about Latin Americans calling
two by quote all actions made by the
government in Venezuela and Nicaragua to
find the solution for the situation in
those countries especially in Nicaragua
where the situation is extremely
difficult I start with your second
questions the statements they would be
absolutely normal if there were five or
seven years ago when the representatives
of the US and I think that
representative of Latin America and you
in particular got used to such
statements from the United States they
change the names of the countries the
situations in general but there were a
lot of similar statements from
Washington but now we have nuances
particular today in our there is the
main debates inside us developing around
bugling and not meddling in to the
internal affairs of sovereign states as
far as we understand from the statements
of American politicians and from the
statements made by media as that
traditionally voice the opinion of the
leaders it is
very painful the way how they perceive
the issue of interference into the
internal affairs of the states in those
countries how can we find the parallels
between these statements well frankly
speaking I do not know if you're against
meddling why you are going to say about
boycotting the actions often as well and
Nicaragua it is the direct interference
in those countries particularly and in
general in the Latin American region in
general I think that Latin America
didn't give the responsibility to the US
to settle the situation inside its
region there were no such a function
given to state departments or other
agencies in the United States but in
American didn't provide them with those
responsibilities but the question is
still the same whether you cannot
interfere in the internal affairs of
other regions and States and should
respect the processes that are ongoing
in those countries even if you do not
like the heads of those States and you
do not agree with political evaluations
or you can interfere you can meddle in
the internal affairs and well in general
the United States should decide which of
the two positions they support but we
are hearing all the time the
unacceptability of interference in the
internal affairs on the one hand on the
other side we see how hard the u.s. is
acting on the territory of Latin America
using all their Arsenal's and
opportunities to interfere in the
internal affairs so this is nonsense
this is something absurd and we have to
identify the
how to get out of the situation as for
your first question we knew beforehand
about the organization of the conference
in Kiev the conference of OSC so the
freedom of mass media and work of
journalists in conflict regions between
ministers of Foreign Affairs involved in
these problematics there were an
interesting that we got to know we
haven't seen I will see wanting to make
this conference open for all or some
movement towards a constructive way of
discussing these important issues we
were perfectly aware of the fact that it
will become another russophobic activity
nevertheless the this event was fueling
even more rage inside Ukraine we needed
some constructive aspects to the
dialogue and that is why we decided to
say the head of the Department of of the
department of media and press and some
agencies wanted to participate there
through diplomatic channels we
transmitted all this information as it
is supposed to be you said Russian
journalist in English it is and in
Spanish it probably different in Russian
I would like to specify we're speaking
about Russian journalists but they are
having not just Russian passports from
sample evgeny prima coffee citizen of
Russia but the representative of the
Russian Federation of the Russia today
she is the person she has u.s. passport
at the conference on mass media freedom
the journalist from RT and vitarka
detained in the in Kiev at the airport
and there was an interview they were
asked questions and then they were said
to leave the territory of Ukraine
because well and they said that they
were prohibited from entering the
country for the next five years and it
was said that they were a threat
representing a threat to national
security of the country and there were
some rumors about a provocation from
Russia because the those journalists
visited Crimea and they knew for sure
that they wouldn't have the accident
wouldn't get the access to the country
but I spoke was mr. Primakov and he said
that he never went to Crimea so they
when they could be have been no claims
on this issue to mr. Primakov and he
also said that he was specifically
specifying the fact whether the entry
was prohibited for him and they said
that no issues of such nature took place
so the situation is absurd unfortunately
and unfortunately this is the dominating
situation in Ukraine and we sell results
we see participating in this in such a
situation well we'll continue to think
about the situation where well submit
the relevant letters to OCC to find out
the reasons and stating that the claims
to Russian journalists did not
correspond to the norms and to the rules
that are accepted by OSCE and so on and
so forth and the worst thing is the
discussion that
was inside Ukrainian media community
when some of them that some journalist
so to say said that Russian journalist
who have been arrested and detained and
then should be exchanged to other
criminals and this is what have been
said by the journalists especially
during the days when the conference on
freedom of media was taking place what
is bad is that we see representatives
could do nothing about that they showed
their absolute dysfunction yes please
Demming maria vladimirovna radio is
pudnick my name is marcus on pretext you
started was world cup and evaluations of
defense on this football craziness that
is unleashing in moscow and you
mentioned bonding one brazilian fan who
has become a mem commented this in a
very emotional way i'm not going to
repeat it i do remember and he said a
word in the end like body in our
brazilian outlet we have the editorial
offices in several countries and you
they asked us to give you the kind of
present
related to this ma'am let's do it after
our briefing ok and my question about
penalty shortener if just see mister my
question is about lasagna
during the meeting in luxembourg with
the colleagues it was said that the main
threat of hybrid war for european union
is the russian federation and he
offered to develop a plan I think that
only people with hybrid mine said could
say such things this is just real mem
because people did not understand that
there are those who are caring those
moms stating that the main threat hub of
hybrid attacks goes from Russia I cannot
comment otherwise Sunday's speaking
about Russian TV channels in those areas
in Baltic areas well we started to know
the trend a long time ago why should we
separate for example speaking about
hybrids situation in Ukraine events of
1314 years nothing of that kind
as for Baltic countries everything took
place in the context of the Russian
language and in the countries because
pushing out Russian language and the
actions against people using Russian
language it had nothing to do with the
situation in Ukraine it was developing
by itself its own way and the lack of
opportunities to teach the in the
Russian language and the notion of
non-citizens
why it is better or why isn't it in this
combinational approach to those groups
who are considered to be facilitators of
some foreign ideas not in favor of a
third party but just absolutely separate
idea that they would like to develop so
we have to study this issue in complex
it started not in 1314 years
when the word hybrid threat appeared it
started a long time ago and if before it
was only disseminating between citizens
now it also involves the media yes
please come around the son of Sarek TV
channel do you expect a breakthrough at
the upcoming meeting of Fatima Putin
with Donald Trump for example American
media CNBC for example says that the
Americans will propose us to join the
pressure to join to pressuring Iran in
terms of nuclear program and another
question about the problem of Palestine
and rocket bombing of Gaza as for
summits were not a commenting on it
because it is not our responsibility it
is not included in our scope we try not
to use those words like breakthrough and
so on I only proposed to be pragmatic
and realistic about the meetings the
upcoming meetings of course we are the
the wrong meetings prepared for this
meeting we have a bilateral meeting
agenda there are a lot of problems we
are discussing them all the time and I
think that we should expect and be
realistic about the problems on the
agenda we regularly announce them as for
the ministers of Foreign Affairs at the
moment I have no details we are working
on it
it's still discussed as soon as we have
a particular date or format we'll share
this information once again there were a
lot of issues to discuss bilateral
relations repeats again with all the
problems involved International Travel
Mattox
Syria the health range of issues on the
Middle East and North Africa including
of course Palestine and Israel
settlement which in foot unfortunately
we are witnessing at the moment and if
we move to other regions the situation
in Ukraine problematic self
international terrorism a whole great
number of other topics that are
traditionally discussed and within this
within such frameworks I'm not
announcing the agenda at the moment but
just saying that all these issues will
be discussed and are usually discussed
in various formats by our colleagues and
in case we have this meeting the topics
I enumerated could be discussed Afghan
inform agency vice Linea if the river
cruise by sac state secretary raised one
issue which we would like to hear the
comments upon and that was about
Afghanistan and the visit of the
president's advisor to the country as
for your first question we gave comments
to mr. Ishaq off yesterday and I didn't
understand your first question yes
second question
so first question tell us the show is a
village to a Washington touch it wait
now ollie
it was said that Washington is expecting
the support from Moscow to Kabul meaning
that Moscow should provide more support
to Kabul I think that we ourselves can
make our mind on our relations with
Afghanistan thank you for to our
American colleagues for such an comment
but I think that statements and actions
by Russia in Afghan demonstrate our
interest in bilateral relations and the
desire to resolve problems calibration
was international within international
organizations and so on yes please next
question in international agency
Bulgarian editorial office maria
vladimirovna my question is about
international code of behavior with
respect to arms supply body mr. Mitchell
recently said that the u.s. is planning
to expand military budget for arms
supplier to Ukraine and Georgia
we provide notary support to Georgia and
Ukraine that Russia threatens was the
use of military forces does this
statement confrontational rhetoric and
is it a provocation of international in
interference in the internal affairs of
the states of a particular state and
does this violate the international
standards of human rights and because in
the wasn't out there is in Ukraine where
the Crimean side doesn't observe the
ceasefire regime and why more arms
should be submitted there this is a
question that we are raising all the
time everyone is supporting the idea of
the
u.s. and Canada they urged to fulfill
the Minsk agreement but Minsk agreement
provides for other steps that should be
implemented by all sides of the conflict
our position is different we see that
Kiev is not fulfilling its obligations
absolute violation of these agreements
it's going on for many years they are
not fulfilling their obligations and the
Minsk agreement and then another issue
is arms supplied by Western countries
what is the effects of it it is not
myself to explain it to you you
understand it very well that if we speak
about the support of military rhetoric
that takes place in Ukraine
unfortunately it went beyond its
discussion and there were active
hostilities and unfortunately that part
of establishment received support
stating that force is to be used to
provide further pressure on the
situation Minsk agreements are not
necessary and when President poroshenko
went back after the signature of Minsk
agreement to the home country this part
of political establishment was almost
ready to accuse him in being a traitor
so this is what is going on in Ukraine
from the point of view of that part of
political establishments that are
against Minsk agreement and those people
who are supporting and nationalist
ideology is all aimed at supporting
those ideas the result we see the whole
world including countries that are far
from Ukraine following
what is going on and some of them some
of the countries proposed the solutions
like Angela Merkel proposed to was also
involved in the development and of the
agreements it was a political asset
contributed to the development of the
agreements and there are no defects Kiev
is not performing its obligations which
is supported by certain politicians and
officials in the West and the supply of
arms as a signal that force is the right
way to go this all is on the verge of
catastrophe because the real efficient
an active plan as Minsk agreement words
could be implemented the only way was to
implement those agreements and it was
confirmed at various levels it should be
done by Ukrainian and should be
supported by the country but the actions
the real actions that we see just go
absolutely not in line with their
obligations with their commitment daily
storm during several hours we will
become witnesses of the negotiations
between the leaders of European
countries of in Brussels and they will
take the decision on sanctions usually
it's a normal meeting that they have
every half a year and Italians probably
start will start speaking about lifting
sanctions because it was already
announced by us and salvini and the head
of the movement five stars and I know
that
prefers not to dialogue with European
countries about lifting sanctions and
prefer to speak about the fact that
sanctions are not reasonable and maybe
it's time to start speaking about it
because Europe is thinking about the way
to initiate the dialogue how do you
think this dialogue should be initiated
by us it was the decision of the
European countries and it was taken
under the pressure of the United States
maybe is interesting maybe you'll laugh
but recently I met with experts in
international relations and
representatives of the party that has
the majority and they said that it was
the sovereign decision of France they
had no idea of the whole story about the
pressure from Washington on the EU but
they are absolutely sure that it was the
sovereign decision of France and when I
told them about the facts when I
provided the facts they were surprised
and how can we speak about initiating a
dialogue without really having it before
it is a decision how can we discuss it
just try it once twice
what should we speak about with them
that it is not favoring their interests
or what just today we received a letter
not exactly today but I saw it only
today from farmer in France maybe it was
a French farmer I if I'm not mistaken
and he wrote his story how his
how has agricultural products and well
how he is receiving not some minuses
from the situation but how they are
struggling to survive in current
conditions and he sends this message to
us and he said that I understand you I
don't understand us and I can show you
this light I can I can show it to you
you think people do not understand they
do understand
I think they should start speaking with
their people it is their decision we
proceed from the fact that the heads of
states take their decisions for the
interests of their people and there are
people writing to us that they are
struggling because of those actions and
they're not complaining I don't know no
what exactly was the purpose of this
letter it was just his desire to express
his opinion did you submit it did you
submit this letter to my parents I think
that person had this chance himself to
send a letter to both ministries I think
it is not the only letter he wrote was
one of multiple articles and things we
see about the situation what we can say
what can we say about European States
leaders who are in charge of developed
economies they take decisions that are
favoring their countries and in one of
the talks that we had in Paris I spoke
about this and I said that you perfectly
understand that they are not favoring
the decision that was taken not does not
favor your interest she said yes I do
understand but when then will decided
not to go deeper into the history and
then I said that if you are impose
sanctions against Russia for violating
international norms when are you going
to impose those sanctions again do you
in terms of what happened in Morocco
Yemen or maybe themselves in context of
Libyan story this is an absurd to have
such a logic so how can we dialogue with
them saying that they did not know
stating that the under-pressure we we do
not like to hear that and well people
always said that truth can be
complicated to hear sometimes and well
but this is their decision as the way
they this took the decision to impose
sanctions was the idea and as as you
understand it was the idea to use the
situation in their interests thank you
for your answer I will put it another
way yes please good day mr. Harrer
ready of Sputnik international media
I'll say I have two questions for you
the first question several days ago the
general secretary of Council of Europe
he said that July is the last day when
Russia can make its contributions to the
Council of Europe what is Russian
position because you have two days till
the deadline there is a good phrase
about that who is ordering the music
this person should pay we haven't
ordered anything so what should we pay
for well there is music there would be
money this is a clear position I would
just you know it's just a not thing
we're all grown-ups this people do they
understand if there is no full-fledged
membership of Russia in the Council of
Europe in line with all their documents
and charges then the situation cannot be
developed this is clear and we have
mentioned it repeatedly
so the what's the point of issuing all
this ultimatums
another question is about football well
it's up to me to answer this question we
have visited many streets and I think
that I have visited Nikko's cos treat
but I have visited how you haven't
visited Nichols castrates so meza Harbor
I have a question for you
how is it that you haven't visited
nikolskaya Street there are four
journalists who have visited nikolskoe
Street first I had a vacation and second
I had an active work so a question when
I go into whether the Nichols castrate
so I visited Samara and I have visited
fans and I have visited streets there
and I was astonished by everything I saw
there I was fascinated by the city fans
I was fascinated by the central square
which was organized for the fans they
were all the cafes mobile medical
hospitals we were able to approach it
and we received all the information
about people who requested medical help
how many for foreign tourists asked for
it but actually I really liked the bank
of the river I really liked the color of
the wall great blue dark blue color
local administration organized special
beach there for even fool people
disabled people there called accessible
leashes and so people had an opportunity
to visit this place so we have gone
through the entire city and the
atmosphere was magnificent so I have a
lot to share with you and when I visit
when I will visit the nicole's Kasturi I
will share it with you and I'm sure that
atmosphere there is also very good so
I'll share it with you again we have
some more time again till the end of the
end of the world cup do you have any
more questions yes please good afternoon
media outlet trend when legislative are
valid and visited Baku he talked about
the interest of Azerbaijan in the
Russian language mister valerian thanked
Azerbaijan official so for their respect
for the Russian language he strengthened
that there is that that this is
unprecedented that there is that there
are so many schools in Azerbaijan that
teach in Russian I think that the
attitude of Azerbaijan to the Russian
languages and opportunities that they
provide to people to russian-speaking
community who leave to in the USSR wants
and after that they start living in the
Tauri of the sovereign state hence as a
result Russian language his their mother
tongue we have said it and the Russian
official said about it that there are
many organizations like rustled routine
just to end Ministry of Foreign Affairs
are trying to promote the Russian
language for us very important
this question is related to the fact
that against their own will well not
everyone remembers what happened at that
time that everyone remember the results
of the referendum on the fate of the
Soviet Union at that time people voted
for the or for the dissolution of this
people voted to fool the Soviet Union
but against their will people were on
the territory of another state but they
were welcomed by the state and they
start and they decided to stay there and
it's a normal thing to support people to
respect their culture and their origin
well at least that's what Russia does
when it's carrying out its domestic and
foreign policy on these matters again
I'll repeat that this question is very
important for us every time we'll try to
pay attention to achievements of certain
countries in this area and we see that
in their bizarre Bojan respects the
rights of the russian-speaking community
but I think that this coin has another
side well maybe I will share my personal
opinion about that I think it's in the
benefit of other countries the more
languages you know the more
opportunities you will have to actualize
yourself in another country
you're able to speak this language to
use it in your work and speak with other
people so again it provides you a lot of
opportunities for carrying out fine
economic and other activities it helps
you to broaden your horizons so it
benefits everyone it's a process that
gives an opportunity to make your
population richer and again we're
talking about a neighboring state that
provides great opportunities for
cooperation enjoyed projects thank you
you're welcome
yes please vestnik kavkaza agent news
agency after the negotiations between
Lavrov and Bolton Bolton is known as
Rosa for what did you say Rosa phobe is
famous as Rousseff oh so you know him as
a Rousseff all women right why are you
saying like that you are saying things
that you don't know if you say that he's
known as a Rousseff Oh tell where it's
mentioned did you read anything written
by John Bolton he has an interesting
book surrender is not an option read it
it's very interesting if you read
questions please have an understanding
what you're talking about this meeting
was organized in a constructive way and
they made a lot of progress and there we
would be future context they discussed
the lateral relations so I think that
you should judge the situation by the
circumstances head
can I ask other questions please I would
like to hear other questions I would
like to ask questions about elections in
Turkey turkey is going to change the
form of governance now it's going to be
a presidential Republic so what
expectations do you have from Turkey
under the rule of the Jabbar daguan
we're going to build a mutually
beneficial cooperation in line with the
documents on drugs the lateral relations
do you have any more questions if you
have any more questions then I say your
goodbye and I'll see you next week
thank you very much for your attention
