this summit is indeed happening one of
Vladimir Putin's aides also said that it
was organized but before John Bolton's
visit to Moscow but we learned we
learned a few details as to why or how
this summit was organized john bolton
said that donald trump is for mending
relations with russia despite criticism
both at home and abroad
the fact is that it's important for the
leaders of these two countries to me
there are a wide range of issues despite
the differences between us where both
President Trump and President Putin
think they may be able to find
constructive solutions I'd like to hear
someone say that's a bad idea it's
important that it's John balky saying
those words because he's aggressive when
it comes to foreign policy he called
Russia's alleged meddling in the u.s.
elections an act of war and now he's
backing Donald Trump saying that we do
indeed need the summit that you know it
will benefit it'll benefit everyone
especially at this stage when Vladimir
Putin called the relations not in the
best shape which is perhaps
diplomatically very polite others would
say that relations between the United
States and Russia are at an all-time low
I have to begin with regrettably stating
that relations between Russia and the US
are not in the best shape and I said it
many times and I want to repeat it at
the meeting with you I think this is a
result of acute internal political
clashes within the US but your visit to
Moscow gives hope that we'll be able to
at least take the first steps towards
restoring full relations between our
countries there were also a number of
tough questions asked of John Bolton
regarding his prior position he's very
anti Russian classic Republican as some
some of my colleagues called him during
the press conference but he said what he
said before what he wrote
or was you know it can't be sighted he
won't comment on it because it happened
before his current posting his national
security adviser to Donald Trump he was
also asked the funny question that you
know he was treated with more respect
than the Pope or Angela Merkel
Chancellor Germany because Vladimir
Putin wasn't late to his meeting with
John balky to which he elected there he
said that I don't want to reply it I
want to comment on this question but
Vladimir Putin also extended and in
friendship they both reiterated their
desired ment relations to make peace and
vladimir putin even offered the share
russia's experience of hosting a World
Cup I want to congratulate you on
winning the right to host the FIFA World
Cup in 2026 we so far managed to
organize the World Cup appropriately
we'll be happy to share our experience
most appreciative of your courtesy and
graciousness here and I look forward to
learning how you handled the World Cup
so successfully among other things
specific details asked when Donald Trump
Atlanta mayor Putin will meet I still
secret they've decided to share them
synchronously the Kremlin and the White
House and Washington together tomorrow
the decidable announced a location it
won't be Russia or the United States
it'll be a third party country hosting
the event in a meeting that's expected
to last a few hours and end in a joint
declaration Donald Trump has also
confirmed that the meeting has been
agreed on adding that Ukraine and Syria
are likely to be among the topics of
discussion we asked former Pentagon
official Michael Malik about any common
ground the two leaders might be able to
find I think first of all they'll agree
to disagree on certain things for
example on the alleged Russian
interference in the 2016 elections I
don't think that that's uppermost in
Trump's mind but it's primarily business
and I think that that's where things are
going to be heading I think he also
wants to tone down
the the the confrontation that has been
going on as I said I saw I saw today a
much more tame Bolton who really wanted
to push NATO right up to the Russian
border that seems to be something that
trumpet seems to be wanting to defuse a
little bit principally because the
allies are not forthcoming with paying
their share and secondly as he pointed
out and and hinted it's quite expensive
for the u.s. to carry that carry that
burden all the time so it's easier to
make nice and it is to get nasty and and
I think that that's where Trump is is
going to be heading
you
