it is an absolutely magnificent early
evening here in Moscow but it is one of
the darkest days ever in German football
Peter Schmeichel alongside me has just
been watching with me the game Germany
against South Korea the Germans needed
to get something out of this to progress
as it is the reigning world champions
the four times FIFA World Cup champions
are out they were defeated by two very
late goals both coming in added time
against the Koreans and have gone and
this Peter I have to say in my opinion
this was deserved win for Korea
absolutely so I mean it didn't have to
pull that much deserve deserve they had
the chances in the game and of course as
a Germany got more more desperate to get
a goal they opened up and if the second
goal was was scored while there Manuel
Neuer was up the other end but yeah
Germany did not deserve anything the way
they have played this tournament has
been very bad the way that preparation
games have been you know we think okay
that's that's just in preparation but
they carry that really poor form into
the tournament and we're quite lucky to
get three points out of the Sweden game
I thought they didn't produce that many
chances but a moment of absolute
brilliant from from Toni Kroos gave them
a lifeline that the absolute did not
take today and I can't for the life of
me understand the way that the manager
yoke him live was won the World
Championship with these boys what he was
thinking he made five changes to the
team again sweetener for the first time
in month Germany actually looked they
looked a little bit different and a
little bit dangerous that didn't produce
that much in that game other than of
course I got this win and today he goes
back he changes back for changes he puts
khadiyah in which he substitutes and he
puts a azulon which I thought he should
have substituted the substitute umpire
he's hoping this guy can come up with
something and he couldn't he's not
putting Miller on Muller came on later
on when he came on something happened
and you know when you have to just sort
of say okay was it fair was it not fair
it's completely fair that Germany are
not in this suite and Mixon was through
from this group and they deserve every
bit they've got three
I've been huffing and puffing they've
had so many decisions going against him
and they turned up today they beat
Mexico three nails Mexico who won the
first game remember they won one L
against Germany which for many people
was a big surprise and they won the
second game as well against South Korea
took them to six points and they lost
today their fans they under look at
their faces for 25 minutes it looked
like that they were going out but they
are not going out and they deserve to
stay in the tournament actually South
Korea the services day they they came
out nothing to play for where they gave
Germany and absolute battled that
Germany lost let's just recap the
significance of this because not only
are the reigning champions out no no not
only is this the four times champions
who are out they've not gone through
from the opening group stage from got
past the opening round for the first
time since 1938 as the only of the time
they failed to get past the first round
and just to add insult to injury as you
can see in front of you they have
finished last in the group finishing
below the Koreans now on the basis of
goal difference that that second goal
going in in what the 96-minute putting
the Germans bottom of the group now this
is is this is this nor to say this is a
humiliation do you know what this is
called it's called the champions curse
so the champions from 2006 it City they
went out in the first round of the 2010
2010 Spain won it they went out last
time in Brazil as you can remember
they wrote when by now they were
humiliated four years ago in Brazil and
obviously Germany the champions from
that tournament in Brazil they've gone
out not so three consecutive champions
have left the tournament in the opening
phase and if we are going to be honest
everybody of course expected Germany to
go through on reputation I think based
on that second half performance against
Sweden people thought they have momentum
they know how to play attacking football
now but if we look at the way they've
played in every game poor in the first
half against Mexico they were losing
poor in the first half against Sweden
they were losing poor in the first half
against South Korea this was the last
the last time the only time they didn't
manage to pull up things out of the bag
in that second half they they just went
to the well too many times look
to levy like they they had no point that
they look like that they were trying
hard you always get the Germans team to
try hard
you always get them to you know puts a
pile on the pressure pile and the
pressure and and in all fairness they
did get some chances
unfortunately for Germany for the three
of the four chances they got were too
much homeless match homeless and I'm not
kidding
mats Hummels missed three open goals on
headers from the 86 minutes and to the
end of the game I have lost count of how
many 186 minutes we watched the replay
he was completely unmarked about six
yards out you think he couldn't possibly
miss but he did and this was the
consequence a few minutes later this was
in what the 92nd minute Kim jung-hwan it
went to var as well so is the upside is
another another side is he on the line
is he you know when it came back it came
down to it it turned out that it was
Tony Cruz who actually passed the ball
to him so it wouldn't have mattered had
he been outside it came from a German
German foot and you think about that the
irony of that it was Tony Cruz who
actually gave Germany the live line and
there he gave kind of gave it away again
I mean I hold nothing against Tony cause
in this situation it's what happens in
football you know he had AI I think he
is he's the only German player who comes
out of this with with his dignity
doesn't it say a lot that he was that
deep trying to defend for his team in in
this late stage of the game that he was
trying to be everyone he'll play they
had a corner so yeah he's probably but
you know you would hate he would be a
lair pushing to the greatest force for a
winning goal you know I mean the games
just finished out ten minutes ago I'm
still sort of a kind of the standard I
don't understand why they didn't push
why did he make so many changes I got
really I've really got so many questions
what was your King love thinking about
we have to go after this after all the
success he's had this was a horrific
result ultimate the group I think this
is probably something that's going to
make everybody's mind up about making a
change in Germany as I said before the
preparation was to this World Cup was
bad it was Sol's they got they they last
for the first time was it in 38 years to
Austria you know they have they've
they've and you can excuse them for you
know having other applications someone
like Toni Kroos for instance Champions
League Grand Champions League final and
and you know they might not be giving it
a hundred percent when its warm-up games
to a World Cup but you'd expect them to
give a hundred percent when is actually
the World Cup well you talked about Meza
ersal who at times you wondered if he
realized that this wasn't the friendly
the way he was strolling around on the
pitch yeah I thought I mean I have
praised the ocular for his these changes
and his decision to make big changes in
in the game that against we met number
two game in the group and it didn't
leave
Samuel kadia and made us without and it
made a big change that that the midfield
suddenly they've got more energy they
played better but he brought both of
them back today and and it was a big
mistake I think it was a key mistake
because none of them are in any good
form and useful a times just looks like
he doesn't care and you know he cares
I'm absolutely sure he cares it's just
the way he looks and when things are not
running the way it should run you know
and you have a player that looks like
that and a player of that sort of
caliber and with that reputation and and
stature in football other players less
experienced players and look to that guy
you know for help for inspiration and
they see this body language the finish
but early on their language and you know
I thought it a big mistake for a foe you
can move to play in today because he's
not proved anything over this this
period in the World Cup and as we have
seen time and time again injury time
goals being sought scored in this 2018
World Cup
so even when South Korea went ahead on
ninety two minutes you figured there's
going to be at least another six or
seven minutes especially with the valve
for another goal and there was but it
went again to the koreans noia way up
the pitch lost the ball and it's it's
happen you know one of the things I
really like about Noah you know he will
do anything it takes to get back in
again so he will you will sacrifice and
Gamble and
being that extra man up in the penalty
box unfortunately he didn't get all the
way up there so as you could see from
that little clip the ball ended with him
and he didn't get it it was taken off in
one long pass that would have been I
mean that ball could easily have gone in
had it been one more meter to the right
that could have been sunk or maybe the
the the longest goal in in history and
woke up I don't know that's for you you
to find out it's on obviously it went
too far again not that but that's enough
sidebar and and he was clearly in inside
his own half so it was outside and then
it was too near and I can tell you at
that moment you should have seen the
Mexican supporters I mean from looking
like people who was about to drop dead
they gave they cut straight back to
their own game singing dancing and we
could hear it here as well so a really
good day for Mexico in spite of their
three no defeat to Sweden but one
credible bet you know we know that the
Mexico fans are relieved because I think
with about five ten minutes to go they
were all on their phones in the stadium
you
