now with 11 cities hosting cup matches
at this tournament fans are finding
themselves criss cross in the country to
try and keep up with their team and
today it's our turn we're traveling from
the Black Sea here all the way up to
Rostov in the north and that's something
like 400 kilometers away I'm also told
it's going to take us 16 hours in
footballing terms that's the equivalent
of watching 10 matches back-to-back
although the good news is this ticket is
only costing us $40 and this is what you
get for your money you get a four berth
cabin in here so you get full bunk beds
two on the bottom two on the top down at
the end of the corridor
you have your toilets just a normal
toilet smells okay so far
and my favorite bit at the top here you
actually get a cold boiler this is
compared by cold and you can make
yourself a cup of tea
so Rostov finally huffing on the train
for what sixteen hours I can get much
sleep to be honest during that time
better I've got a smile on my face
because we're in Rostov and this is
where Croatia play Iceland tonight and
what a great match it should be Iceland
have to win in order to continue their
World Cup dream in the meantime I need
to get freshened up
you
