well I thought you did this time it's a
very short distance for a few hours but
I'm planning a special visit for
Margaret to see how we can reactivate
the the contacts between Walter dad and
the Egyptian cities many people don't
know that the water grab is the sister
city of port site both cities have a lot
of similarities both suffered a lot in
the world were witnesses hard times but
they managed to achieve victory and the
words so this is the reason why the
sports I extreme Volga grad and
Stalingrad sleep in Port Said well I I
had the opportunity for her since last
November hi I started my mission in
Moscow this is my second term in Moscow
so I start my mission mid-november since
then I had the opportunity to see the
the preparations of the Russian
government for the World Cup and to be
honest I was impressed infrastructure
was wonderful the stadium's airports
roads even the there was
that were very successful plans are
projects to show the beauty of the
cities I have to say that the effort
exerted by a Russian friends is
impressive and well deserved and
congratulations for such wonderful
organization one of the things I was
glad very very glad to see is that the
organization of the World Cup in Russia
was a very good opportunity for more
Egyptians to come to see the year to
enjoy the beauty of Russia and with the
eye I know how beautiful is Moscow
centers very but it was a good
opportunity to see other places other
beautiful places in of Russia and I am
sure that it reflected a very good image
of Russia that it enabled our fans as
well to see how how diverse how each
other is the cultural history tradition
and culture so and actually I was I
meant
I kept very close contact with with many
of our fans of course the number is huge
you see it almost 33,000 fans I'm sure
I'm sure
simply it's all over the Egyptian media
social media whatever is thousands and
thousands of photos of altars everywhere
so this this in itself is reflects how
how the humanitarian contact and the
the proximity of the peoples are so I
was glad to see they our fans visiting
moving from one place to another in the
very relaxed atmosphere where they were
highly welcomed and they managed to were
to make too many friendships so it's the
atmosphere was so warm as well now we
have almost 1200 students studying in
involving that some of them are
preparing for weather PhD or masters or
even starting with university studies
and I think with only Kevin cooperation
between the Volgograd and the Egyptian
government especially in the field of
education we still believe that we have
good room considerably for to
achievement and actually I intend to
focus in the coming period on this the
wonder girls had a big big part to do
with with the building of the Highland
because it was the site of training of
many of our engineers as well during
this period his simply the the
facilities that were great enjoy so we
have a good solid base we need to buy
you
