hey it's Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report I really miss Madonna I don't
know why I'm just a child of the 80s
Stacy
yes she was big and then whole New York
scene when you were around oh yeah cute
you know that was like post-punk and we
were entering into the morbid disco era
but I mean she did keep standards pretty
high you know along with Donna Summer
in case you max hasn't ever told you
before he was a go-go dancer at Trudi
Heller's around that time I know Cyndi
Lauper was a performer at Trudi Heller's
yes Cyndi Lauper was a performer there I
did some go-go dancing on the bar it's a
9th Street and 6th Avenue yeah and I
still have great legs you know whenever
I come to an event like this crypto
Springs in Palm Springs is predominantly
women they check out my legs I feel
their stares because they're thinking in
their heads I wish I had legs like that
you know and it's what can I say I'm
glad you're here on international
financial news and that's kind of in the
headlines not you in particular but the
financial media in general and we're
still here at crypto Springs conference
in Palm Springs the best crypto
conference in the world and it's now
official it's not just me that says that
like many people say that but finance
the media and a catastrophic breakdown
and Trust so this is the last article
that John authors wrote for the
Financial Times where he's gone and I
think he's at another publication now
but he he talked about that what it was
like to be at the Financial Times in the
during the financial crisis so and there
was big backlash to it this is his
response to the backlash because in his
original article where he he revealed
actually what happened and he was
talking about the fact that he had a
couple hundred thousand dollars in the
bank when Lehman Brothers collapsed and
he had all that cash because he had just
sold this house in London the sold his
property and he had a lot of cash
deposited in his bank account so he as a
financial journalist was very concerned
because he was hearing a lot of the
actual stories of what was going on but
he waited 10 years to tell this story
when during the financial crisis he did
not tell this story so he told the story
of going to a local Citibank in New York
City where his his funds were deposited
they had across the street a chase bank
and he was going to transfer a hundred
thousand to the Chase Bank because just
to have another because remember at that
time the deposit insurance was a hundred
thousand dollars so he wrote we were in
midtown Manhattan surrounded by
investment banking offices at Citi I
found a long queue all well-dressed Wall
Streeters they were doing the same as me
ie pulling his cash next door chase was
also full of anxious looking bankers
once I reached the relationship officer
who was great she told me that she and
her opposite number at Chase across the
street had agreed a plan of action
I need not open an account at another
bank using bullet points she asked if I
was married and had children that she
opened accounts for each of my children
and Trust and a joint account with me
and my wife in just a few minutes I had
quadrupled my deposit insurance coverage
I was now exposed to uncle say I'm not
Citibank with a smile she told me she
had been doing this all morning and that
she and her friend across the street at
Chase had never ever experienced this
until that week so here he was telling a
story that ten years later that yeah I
was at Midtown Manhattan row that's
where actually Wall Street is these days
I saw all these bankers who would who
would know the true case they were also
withdrawing hundreds of thousands of
dollars from banks in order to be
protected right and he got attacked on
Twitter when he mentioned this because
people were saying well why didn't you
report this because this is a salient
point this is you had eyewitness to what
was happening to the crisis and that the
crisis was maybe more you know dangerous
and then was being recorded and here's
to come back is that well you know I
didn't want to cause a panic and this is
where journalism has completely failed
in many regards because journalism had a
fundamental break of the 70s we
transitioned to gonzo journalism with
Hunter s Thompson in the new school the
new journalists and they rightly
identified journalism as really
immersive and there's more subjectivity
than we were led to believe in the
strict definition as presented by
journalists journalism schools and that
you need to let the audience you need to
let people decide what is the irrelevant
to them you don't need to filter he's
self censoring so genre authors
censor himself he believed he knew
better he believed he knew what the
needs were of these folks and that's
self censorship which is censorship and
this is completely wrong and this is why
we have been sleepwalking into the next
financial crisis how Jon authors been a
gonzo journalist and he'd been a proper
new-age journalist has he had he had he
not self censored himself as this next
crisis unfolds people would be better
prepared to deal with it but they won't
be because of the failure of fake
journalists like John authors okay so he
actually kind of suggests yeah that this
is a dangerous time the social media and
that anybody would report on the fact
that they saw these bankers withdrawing
their cash and blah blah blah but I want
to show you that in fact it's the
opposite that people the ordinary person
the average citizen of the world knows
better because what happened at that
very same time Max Keiser and I were in
2008 March 2008 a few months before
Lehman collapsed we witnessed a similar
event in fact we worse because he's just
reporting at midtown Manhattan and
seeing bankers withdrawing their cash
you and I on it was something like March
18th or March 19 2008 Bear Stearns had
collapsed on the Friday afternoon after
the markets closed JP Morgan took it
over and gold went to $1,000 that for
the first time on that Friday Ben
Bernanke slashed interest rates by 75
basis points on a Sunday night so it's
an emergency rate cut you and I had an
appointment at the Bundesbank to speak
to the head of gold and we went in there
we didn't announce our phone because we
knew they wanted to cancel it so we just
showed up and I had my camera running
and what we witnessed was chaos and and
in fact we spoke to their one of their
publicists and she came down to greet us
and she admitted like that they didn't
they didn't know if they if the
financial system would survive and that
because of that that we definitely axel
vebber himself had said that you cannot
speak to anybody at the Bundesbank
especially the gold department he said
so we report we basically aired that
we aired that and we aired that they
didn't have any gold actually that
Germany did not hold its gold she
mentioned that she had no they didn't
have gold in Germany but it was actually
in New York so what did the people of
Germany do did they panicked did they
freaked out
did where their bank runs despite
hearing that the head was the Bundesbank
was panicked about that they themselves
the Bundesbank was panicked the
financial system was about to collapse
they did not know if it would be there
tomorrow remember those were her words
as well we do not know if it will be
there tomorrow so no they took care of
themselves they're prepared for the next
financial crisis why because of our
report what they did is they demanded
their government bring their gold back
from New York from the New York Fed
which by the way was ground zero for
this financial crisis nobody but Tim
Geithner was more responsible for the
disaster and the reaction but like so
they protected themselves they didn't so
they were given information that they
were not aware of they did not know they
were not protected they did not know
they did not hold their old goat gold
and they took it back right they they
triggered the repatriation of Germany of
their gold back from the New York to
Germany and then the Holland did the
same thing and a lot of other countries
have done the same thing so this was an
honest reporting that was needed to be
done to let people know to pressure
their governments that they were exposed
to financial crises by not having the
gold that the government said they had
and so if it was John author's he would
have thought you know what I need to
protect my establishment I need to
protect my job I won't report the truth
I'm gonna be an embedded journalist and
for the lackeys on Wall Street and the
central banks and in that said and he
his career has been tarnished
irreparable because of that well of
course we're at a crypto conference the
crypto currency it's a ten years as well
since the white paper so Satoshi
Nakamoto published his white paper or
her white paper or their white paper in
October of 2008 so this was this is our
response to the financial crisis and
there was one comment he was sent that I
want to read to you as well because I
think it sounds a lot like
so as Max Keiser but it wasn't but it
sounds similar somebody wrote I have
reread the article and the comments a
few times and I realized that it
actually makes me want to vomit as I
realized what a divide there is between
you and I between the people of the
establishment like yourself and the
ordinary Schmucks like myself the
current system is literally sickening
and was saved for those who have
something to protect at the expense of
those who they are exploiting so there's
an information gap that's perpetrated by
embedded journalists who are betraying
the job of journalism and we've seen
this spectacularly play out recently
with braixen in the UK where the reality
of the financial catastrophe was not
spelled out it was it was simply ignored
and we try to tell the UK people about
it when we were in the UK and we met
enormous resistance regulators but there
was a gap on the other side max there
was a gap on the other side I think it
better explains the Trump situation is
the mainstream media the establishment
media with loved Hillary Clinton's line
of America's already great the people
liked his line of make America great
again because they felt that America was
no longer great the same thing in the UK
they were told
like I remember tony blair standing up
there and saying there were no
immigrants nobody was moving into the
united kingdom and yet millions were
moving in millions were moving into
Sheffield and Manchester and and
Birmingham and places outside of London
and so the people could see something
that was absolutely denied on the
mainstream media now I myself personally
I'm happy with lots of immigration I
don't believe in any borders actually
but nevertheless those people were
concerned about immigration and it plays
out in the UK right now is that you've
got Theresa May who's insisting that the
EU has it responsibly needs to take the
UK seriously and negotiate in good faith
this is the same EU with frikken Germany
there's not going to negotiate in good
faith with the UK I'm sorry
ruk but you're not that special but I'm
talking about how the financial media
reports and what they're reporting on
and the fact is that like this this
article points out when the next
financial crisis happens you right now
especially you're not going to know
nobody's going to be prepared in America
the population is not being warned
because there's like this political
craziness on mainstream media I mean the
cable news is just filled with like
crazy got it mean it's truly insane it's
hard to describe if you can't watch it
if you're outside of America but it's
crazy conspiracy theories about you know
just about political gossip so nobody's
like discussing the issues that were the
foundation of the vote this sense like
that guy who wrote to John authors that
the wanting to vomit because they
realize there's a divide that you the
media our on one side you're part of the
establishment you're part of the elite
you're protecting your friends and even
if that means lying to us okay you know
again here John authors UK that's the
origin of the turn term white man's
burden like the the aristocracy feels
that they have a responsibility to the
to this plebs of the world that they
know better and as a result they give a
party line that represents the political
reality as being joyfully egalitarian
when it's a frickin caste system as
sharpened as pronounced as you find in
India and you've got permanent
underclass on the UK and that's not
going to change as long as there's a
monarchy full stop all right we got to
take a break we'll be back sure don't go
away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to go to Elina
Renova who flew all the way in from
Prague Elina welcome thank you come back
thank you much you know you're becoming
a pillar of the Bitcoin crypto community
because you brought to market something
sorely needed a hardware wallet the
treasurer and it's become almost an
industry standard we'll get to that in a
second now you spoke on the first day of
crypto Springs about the security of the
sovereign Hodler now so first of all
what is sovereignty and who is the
sovereign Hodler Elina ha that's a very
broad broad question well talk to me
about its individual sovereignty what
does that mean that you know for me it
means the capacity to decide on whom I
transact with and whom I talk with when
I do that and on which pretty much you
know I come from a background of you
know different different scenario than
some people from next question you said
you know here in the conference crypto
Springs you told the story about why
individual economic sovereignty means so
much you don't normally tell your own
personal story but it touched many
people here at the conference and so if
you can you know just kind of go over
this because I think it'll resonate
tremendously with our audience so I was
talking I was opening the talk with with
the story of me being born in a
communist socialist country the
Czechoslovakia where there was no
freedom of speech no freedom of thought
even and no freedom of movement where
people were put to jail for speaking up
speaking out they were shot at the
borders when they tried to escape the
brutality of the regime and so for me
personally freedom it means means a lot
and Bitcoin when I discovered Bitcoin I
realized that this is a tool for me to
realize my complete freedom because if
you don't have a financial freedom and
there are companies and structures that
can prevent you from from economic
freedom then that's a that's a problem
so for me this is this is a the final
tool to establish complete personal
sovereignty you know economic freedom is
interesting idea because you have a lot
of people in America who go under the
label of social justice warrior they
want the freedom to express their
sexuality they want the freedom to
express their gender preference and
eccentric but they never talk about
economic freedom they never talk about
the freedom to select hard money like
Bitcoin over a fiat money like the
dollar why are the freedom minded social
justice warriors completely incapable of
taking on this concept that without
economic freedom there is nothing after
that it is the experience and maybe
knowledge of history that's maybe
lacking a little bit or just just the
knowledge of what's happening beyond my
own country and I think it's really
important to look outside for examples
how things can really go go freedom for
granted because I've never known
anything else yes we you know a Western
Europe and America are like living in a
kind of bubble because people here we
think like this is a status quo and we
take it for granted that we can actually
go out and talk we can actually have a
banking relationships when we want right
but it's not the case everywhere and I
think it's really important to say that
and remind people here look it's not
that far into history where people were
actually put to jail for for for talking
out toriel regimes all over the world
you said something interesting and your
description of family life back in
Czechoslovakia under communism that you
couldn't even speak freely at the dinner
table oh yes the thing was a communist
party would would push people to
collaborate with them under a
circumstance like if you want to keep
your job you need to bring more
information about what's going on in
your surrounding so it would be fairly
normal that your your wife would be an
agent of of the secret of the secret
services for example
a very concrete example I I came from
school I was seven years old excited to
have learned a new poem about linen
right and I go mom dad I want to tell
you this the poem in there okay sorry
about Lanyon you know and I starting and
they're like thinking oh my god but they
couldn't tell me anything because the
moment I would say something at school
that would be a problem you know for
them so everyone was kind of afraid to
talk to even their close relatives and
the fear infusing into everyone's mind I
just kind of like stifled everyone you
know it it was really a disastrous state
that we found ourselves and I should
mention that you're fighting a fly is
afraid to speak there they don't seem
natural with each other is completely
awkward yeah and in other words it's why
today you would call being English the
reason that the sole context of this is
that this lead you to Bitcoin it's a
Bitcoin is freedom and for you freedom
means freedom from surveillance freedom
from the state state intervention
freedoms freedom to express your some it
means a lot of stuff you started out as
an entrepreneur you started out in
business once you I guess they're the
Velvet Revolution came along and now
check is free and you started businesses
then more or less and that led you to
having to understand money and that led
you to Bitcoin yeah and then that led
you to you equate Bitcoin with freedom
is that fair to say that is absolutely
fair to say that is something you know
bitcoin is the first so there was a time
in the 70s 80s in Czechoslovakia where
we had a decent writer there was a group
of smart people intellectuals that
created the group they tried to leave a
parallel life because they couldn't live
in the society that was very prohibitive
so these people would create their own
subcultures their own in
like spreading of news and information
and they would print their own newspaper
in secret and distribute the the one
thing that was missing for them was
money that would allow them to transact
without being surveilled and controlled
and so yeah definitely bitcoin is the
tool for people to to get free from the
system and if even if the Western
society doesn't feel the need that's
just a little part of the world right
the the needs may be addressed with
Bitcoin much more in other countries
first before it gets really adopted in
their underground movements there's
always been resistance there's always
been a problem that not having one's own
currency because ultimately you end up
transacting in the currency of the
dictatorship whether it's the Fiat
dollar which is the global dictatorship
if they have money or or anywhere else
now I know it's the fly doesn't bother
me it deflects me it does because I'm
shaking essentially and they know not to
not to fool with me or they will be
condemned they'll be they'll be rate
they'll be reincarnated Teresa mate that
that's the penalty at the fly lands on
me and they'll fly whatever and want
that no the last time I saw you was in
New York I introduced you while Stacey
and myself introduced you to Jeremy
Welsh casas yes and a company in which
we are investors to disclose this now
the two of you hit it off so well on an
ideological and ideas level that you're
announced here at crypto Springs that
you have joined the cost of team tell us
about that very exciting yes that's very
exciting and thank you again for for
making this happen
we since then that was earlier this year
we continued very intense talk with
Jeremy on the next steps forward so you
know when I was a with treasurer I feel
like that was a very good foundation for
sovereign Hudler is the wallet that one
use
to store their private keys essentially
yes for protection for security and so
treasure make made it possible for for
normal people like myself to hold their
bitcoins in a secure way and to make
fairly easy to use right with top-notch
security so that's a good foundation but
we need to go a little bit like step
further and there were still a few
things left to be tackled which is you
know all of a sudden you have a hardware
wallet and you have this recovery seed
of 24 words that you need to protect and
it's a very new paradigm for people who
are used to keep their money in the bank
and and think it's safely they're not
realizing it's actually not their money
but never mind it's it's like the old
legacy system that babysits us you know
we are so much used to have some
protection so all of a sudden you have
your sovereignty you have the security
but you need to be very aware of like
how to protect that and that that can be
difficult for some people and some
people get very easily your matching
notes with Jeremy a casa casa it has a
security system so what are the two
combined or can you speak about maybe of
course
so casa built on top of the existing
layer of hardware hardware wallets so we
allow our users to use ledger or
treasure Hardware wallet in a multi seek
multi device and multi-location set up
basically so what you do is you you have
a multi signature
wallet basically protecting your keys in
a distributed fashion so we go first of
all we do away with the recovery seat
completely so you don't need to think
about how to protect those those words
and we distribute the key so it adds
another layer of physical security so
what happens more and more increasingly
in Bitcoin space is that people who are
exposed in the space are also exposed to
physical threats kidnappings extortions
and by distributing your keys you make
sure that it's that the the cost of risk
for an extortionist
is so high because you say ok in order
to transfer my money I have to go to my
lawyer and I have to go to my office and
so the extortion is working twice so one
of the old ways of protecting the
private keys would be to tear up the key
into three or four pieces and put into
separate safe-deposit boxes and I think
actually over there Gemini the
Winklevoss twins some of their bitcoins
stored in this fashion I had I think
Matthew melon when he was alive was
storing his ripple in a similar fashion
but this kind of you know replicates
that but on a more scalable robust way
so you have these hardware well it
distributed these wallets and like one
could be with your attorney etc and so
it's it's similar is it similar to that
that's that's not the same actually this
is this is a multi signature versus like
taking the season and cutting you need
pieces I'm not sure you're adding any
security because it's basically it's
easier to kind of calculate or try to
guess a small part of the see this is a
different thing so you can totally
forget about the seat alright so that
was completely wrong in my example I
guess no more to specifically uses multi
stake and I guess it wouldn't be fair to
say that for a complete breakdown people
can go to the actual website to get the
information what is the website they can
get the all the information okay well
you can contact Casa through Keys Casa
let's go research multi seek online I'm
hearing people saying this team of you
in Casa is the best team in crypto now
that is true I stand for that oh thanks
being on the cars report thank you very
much for inviting me and that's gonna do
it for this edition of the Kaiser report
with me Max Keiser
and Stacy Herbert I want to thank our
guests Alena renova over at casa if you
want to catch us it's over at kinds of
report on Twitter until next time bye
y'all
