a CNN report suggesting that Egyptian
football star most seller is planning on
quitting international football has been
rejected by the Egyptian Football
Association our senior correspondent
Mora Gaz Dave's here to talk us through
the controversy well mo is truly a
superstar and as a reason they call him
Egypt's fourth pyramid he inspires and
is adored by millions
and Ramzan Kadyrov the president of
Chechnya is one of them Chechnya is a
place where sport physical fitness
take pride of place so no surprise then
that mow got a hero's welcome honorary
citizenship dinners a photo-op that set
the media on fire CNN's anonymous
sources in this case one source quickly
reported that Moe is considering
quitting the Egyptian team over at all
we will know how reliable those sources
have been in recent times yet still
attention-grabbing enough to be cited by
much of the Western media so who do you
believe is mu really considering
quitting well how about the Egyptian
team itself directly there's also been
an outpouring of support for mu online
tweety tweety users in a thousands
tweeting and retweeting their backing of
no urging him to stay on and CNN is now
cast doubt on its own source by
confirming that the Egyptian Football
Association is denying it all should
have probably contacted them first worth
mentioning also the Egyptian team picked
Chechnya today South of allowed food
good facilities and accommodation Arabic
speakers but a picture with the local
president that's a photo too
says 1 CNN sauce
you
