Saudi Arabia is reportedly mulling plans
to isolate Qatar from the mainland by
digging a canal along its border that
would eventually turn the goal state
into an island
according to the Saudi state media the
construction of the 60 kilometer long
canal will take a year several
international companies reportedly been
invited to compete for the project with
a deadline on Monday reports say it
could cost Riyadh
as much as 750 million dollars the
government those not actually officially
confirmed this plan yet
Igor's turn off reports on what we think
we know the Saudis are not settling down
for anything but the best here your
tameria's and beachfront resorts are
said to be built along the canal after
all tourism promotion is how officials
explain the project cutters opinion of
all the commotion on its border is on
nobody's list of concerns does the
construction of the canal contradict
international law the Saudi Arabia have
the right to rekt a military base there
does it have the right to install a
nuclear reactor there and to organize a
nuclear waste dump of course it has
10,000 percent right to do so
that's sovereignty and its full sense
and it's difficult to see this canal as
anything else but Saudi Arabia having
yet another dig at its neighbor in June
last year the Gulf Kingdom and its best
buddies announced a full blockade to
Qatar accusing it of sponsoring
terrorism then they confronted Doha with
a list of quite humiliating demands that
included severing ties with Iran and
shutting down the al Jazeera TV station
which Carter rejected with the canal in
place Qatar will lose the only land link
it has on top of that the canal might
not be the only plan Saudi Arabia has
for the border area some reports suggest
that rear'd adding insult to injury
intends to build a military base on the
side of the canal that's closer to Qatar
while also using parts of that side as a
nuclear waste dump so in this way
they're just trying to launch even more
escalation Saudi Arabia the UAE along
with their allies this time it's not
just political but I think it's physical
or Geographic a way to further
isolate Qatar but again I don't think
that this would be a very successful as
well I don't think the Saudis Emiratis
would achieve their goals because cotton
has other alloys in the region
first and foremost Turkey and also Iran
so I think this would only further lead
to divisions within the Gulf itself even
amongst GCC countries I don't think that
Kuwait or men necessarily view Qatar in
such a hostile way like the UAE and
Saudi Arabia does Saudis apparently
aiming for the troll of the Year award
hoping for the canal to be operational
as soon as next year as for Qatar it
can't do much here apart from getting
used to the island mentality and looking
at this as a free mode
you
