hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
he's become quite fashionable on the
political left to call anyone you don't
like a Nazi or Hitler why is it come to
this
why all the demonization after all words
have meaning and much much more on this
edition of crosstime crosstalking
political insults on joined by my guest
mark sloboda he's an international
affairs and security analyst we also
have Dimitri Babak he's a political
analyst with Sputnik International and
in Cyprus we cross to Alex Christopher
oh he is a he is the director in writer
for the duran dot-com all right
gentlemen crosstalk rules in effect that
means you can jump in any time you want
and I always appreciate let me first go
to you Alex in Cyprus I've often said on
this program you have to be careful with
your political rhetoric because it's
almost impossible sometimes to walk it
back now we're an environment as I said
in the introduction anyone you don't
like as a Nazi or Adolf Hitler it tells
me that the mainstream media and some
politicians particularly on the Left
have no idea what a Nazi is or what
Hitler was all about go ahead Alex yeah
they I agree with you they have no idea
what a Nazi is or what Hitler's about
you're exactly right it shows that
they've lost the debate based on facts
whether you're talking about Russia gate
or the Mueller investigation or the
whole Russia collusion thing or even a
lot of what's being said about
immigration I'm not going to take a
position one way or another but it just
shows that they don't want to argue
based on facts or logic they just fall
back straight to the identity politics
if you don't agree with them you're a
fascist you're a Nazi you're a white
supremacist whatever they want to call
you but it's also Peter it's extremely
dangerous because well call someone a
Nazi once the press starts demonizing
someone they become a Nazi it signals to
the general public that the Nazi has to
be stopped right and when you want to
stop a Nazi you have to resort to the
most extreme violence and a lot of times
the the violence can be justified
because someone can say well I was
stopping the next Hitler I was
the next Nazi so it leads to a very
dangerous place
and it's hard to walk back from it mark
in Deema for our viewers please explain
to them what happened not years after
Hitler came to power but in a matter of
weeks
Dima okay it's you know within I think
six weeks
Hitler consolidated full power in
Germany and what did that mean you know
he no trade unions have some real
political parties the press is
completely suppressed extinguished after
their arsenal reichstag basically all
rivaling political forces were removed
from the scene parties existed formally
but there was this Jesus tomb for shoots
for volkl start which means a law for
the protection of the state and the
nation which basically made it
impossible to impeach Hitler in any way
when people now are talking about
elections in November after 1933 it made
no sense in Germany to talk about
elections Hitler was not impeached even
in 1944 1945 when Germany was basically
losing the war that he started so if
there is any parallel it's not between
Hitler and Trump if there are any people
in Europe who still adore Hitler or his
Airways then look at the Ukrainian
government they they passed a law
recently which makes it illegal to
criticize the Ukrainian nationalist
groups such as the ukrainian insurgent
army which allied themselves to the
nazis in 1941 in 1944 in large where
some of the SS legion forces still not
still they started to be revered after
what we stopped to be a part of the
Soviet Union in 1991 and that continues
but it continued under Clinton it
continued under former the thing is for
me market it's it's it tells me this is
a mindset again Alex already mentioned
it it says it's an extreme form of
virtuous signaling okay I mean because
you're it's not about arguments it's not
about a debate it's about your moral
standing in society which by the very
definition of you
in these terms is zero yeah very
hypocritical definition of moral
standing in society what we're seeing is
the absolute polarization of American
politics between the Liberals and and
particularly the supporters of the
current president in the United States
and I this absurd rhetoric of of calling
someone Nazis and equating Trump's
administration you don't have to like
him I don't like a great deal
particularly domestically of what what
the man is doing but this completely D
values the actual losses of the six
million-plus Jews that died in the
Holocaust the twenty to thirty million
Soviet citizens that died the the death
toll in Serbia the death toll of
millions as well all across Eastern
Europe ik it completely D values and D
legitimizes let me go back to Alex in
Cyprus
Marcus spot on it trivializes what
fascism and what Hitler's Third Reich
did in the twentieth century the use of
this rhetoric by the Left trivializes
one of the most treacherous and
dangerous and and least humane time in
human history
Alex yeah the words have they start to
lose their meaning because they're just
said so often and so frivolously that
there's no meaning behind it and a lot
of the people don't understand that the
sdmx play they don't understand the
history behind the word but they're just
using it to stir up so much anger and so
much hate and so much division that it's
going to lead to a very very bad place I
mean Peter you had you had the Home
Secretary couldn't eat at a Mexican
restaurant the other day Nielsen they
they shamed her out Sarah Huckabee
Sanders was at a restaurant the other
day and they wouldn't serve her so I
mean it's getting to the point of mass
hysteria you know he my worry is that
someone's going to take it a step
further yes and we're gonna see violence
we already saw it with congressman
Scalise when he was on
put a baseball pitch we had someone come
out and use violence I thank God he
survived but this is creating it's
normalizing hysteria it's what it's
doing well if we look at the
psychological roots of this it is
basically avoidance of reality as
Michael Brennan I think just the great
American think of today's he put in his
article basically people are seeing so
many contradictions like al Qaeda is the
evil arkad internet but we should not
criticize those areas who provision and
finance them like direct in Saudi Arabia
right right in Afghanistan Obama
declared the war over he declared it one
a few years ago but we have to send
troops to Afghanistan basically under
Obama and under George Bush the junior
torture was legitimized and we're
killing people from drones how do you
avoid it how you stop thinking about it
well we are facing fascists
you know Russians are bombing ISIL and
and other terrorists but Russians are
bad guys because Putin is so
authoritarian right we have a head of
the CIA that has a track record of
committing acts of torture
this is normalizing everything is it's
acceptable it's already been and where
we're going with that normalizing you
could be preparing society for some kind
of shock worthy politically impossible
suddenly because somebody Adam has
already said it before it can't be said
again in this world in the world today
there are is really one clear example of
fascism banderite fascism resurgent and
Ukraine and somewhat you could say in
some of the Baltic states where people
literally get into waffen-ss uniforms
and celebrate their ancestors
collaboration
Josh Cohen writing for the riot right
here if we get the camera maybe because
it's a good article read the title title
is Ukraine's got a real problem with
far-right violence parentheses and no
arty didn't write this
line yes Josh RT did not write this
headline because we reported it four
years ago Josh Cohen he he must have
been living under a rock for four years
now he's reporting about these ultra
nationalist far-right you know a code
for banderite fascist militias funded
supported and sent against their own
citizens by the push regime that the
West backed in Ukraine haze off ID or
the right sector the new national Regina
which like our parallel
police force and c14 which stands for
the fourteen words which even have a
seventeen thousand dollars from the
Ukrainian put regime for kids camps and
he reports that these are launching
attacks on Roma camps anti-fascist
demonstrations city council meetings and
Amnesty International event art
exhibitions LGBT events international
environmental activists and the Women's
Day March now these just so you know
Western media these people that you were
backing in Ukraine at least the vanguard
of the new government that helped broad
it to power and keep it there those are
actual honest-to-god real fascists Alex
you know I already brought I brought up
the term virtue
virtuous signaling I mean this whole
again I think you put it really well
where however you want to fall on the
immigration debate but you know if you
have the picture of time that the cover
of Time magazine Trump without a child I
mean on so many levels that cover of is
fictitious it's a it's a fraud hashtag
fake right it's fake news okay and
particularly when Trump found himself
squeezed okay he caved whatever word you
want to use but he inherited a problem
and he's still being blamed for it okay
even when he took action go ahead out
yeah it was completely fake I mean the
whole story was fake the the whole
hysteria about the little girl nothing
about it was was even close to her
getting taken away snatched from the
arms of her mother but I mean there's no
need to go into detail the whole thing
was fake news and that's why people are
call
CNN and time and all these outlets fake
news because they really are reporting
and they're fabricating fake news but I
also want to get to the point that the
the whole neo-nazi white supremacist
thing is not only confined to the u.s.
the other day we saw and I hate to bring
her up Hillary Clinton was a Trinity
College in Dublin and she was talking
about how Russian President Vladimir
Putin is trying to drive NATO and the EU
away from the arms of the US and he's
the leader of the white supremacist
xenophobia movement so you can see this
whole idea of everybody's of fascist
except us neo liberals except us
globalist except us liberal leftist is
they're trying to spread it past the US
and it's in it's a term that's that's
now becoming internationalized yeah the
absolute irony of that is the u.s. is
preferred leader for Russia Alexei
Navalny
is the actual ultra-nationalism
xenophobe to jump in here gentlemen we
have to go to a short break and after
that short break we'll continue our
discussion on some real news stay with
our team
welcome back to crosstalk we're all
things for considered I'm Peter LaValle
to remind you we're discussing some real
news
okay let me go to daemon here we talked
a little bit about this last week since
then if this there's a meeting between
Putin and Trump it's getting some
traction right now
Boulton is setting up the background
he's not I don't think he's a person
that is particularly keen on it but
maybe Pompeo and Trump are pushing him I
am not particularly convinced that it's
a good idea for them to have a
one-on-one at this point what are your
thoughts well I just don't think they
can produce substantial results simply
because of the pressure which Trump is
under now you know and pressure from the
Congress pressure from the media but
what made me laugh is the reaction of
the so-called liberals in the United
States they're afraid of this meeting
just let me call Anne Applebaum from the
Washington Post get ready for another
wave is televised lovefest this time
between Trump and Putin and what is she
afraid of she is afraid of a trade-off
between them and the trade-off is going
to be let me quote Anne Applebaum we
stop holding military exercises in
Europe in exchange where while Russia to
keep Crimea which is like I give you
something and then I give you something
more all right these people are afraid
you know it reminded me of Ronald Reagan
been afraid of Helsinki it reminds me of
the same thing they said about the North
Korean summit that might just bring
peace to the Korean Peninsula in exact
same how awful they meet you think you
getting rich in the den Applebaum thinks
that Ukraine is her personal possession
okay it's being barred in a way she
wrote that nationalism is exactly what
Ukraine in 2014 in the news if if if
anyone is praising the supporters of
Hitler well you can make my only comment
and up Obama and Ukrainian nationalism
is that what has happened is since 2014
there is a nationalism there but no
nation okay mark how do you fall you
know
sumit a one on one because it seems to
me that even though Russia Gate is
winding down it's really turning into
FBI gate and DOJ gate more than anything
else but we have seen that the media
isn't gonna let this go and in light of
what we said in the first part of the
program it's just going to be more
demonization I think they should meet if
they can have some substance I don't
like these kind of meetings without
substance yeah I'm afraid that until
Trump gets control of his own foreign
policy and and there's some kind of end
whatever way to this witch hunt with the
Russia gate conspiracy that's going on
the heat doesn't really have anything
that he can offer Russia it's not in
Russia's interest to have this summit
Micah Zenko a Western journalist just
tweeted this week the former Chinese
official diplomat he met with today said
every country thinks America has gone
crazy we benefit by doing nothing other
than appearing sane and I think that's
Russia's best strategy at this point
just sit back now there are some cons to
this there is a-ticking we have a timer
ticking towards the end of the
intermediate range nuclear forces and
the New START treaty right and the
beginning of this new arms race the
longer these issues go unaddressed and
hopefully some new treaties are
fashioned the worse right god forbid
that they aren't renewed or or recreated
in some fashion but I don't think that
Trump can actually bring anything to the
table when his own government his own in
some ways figures in his own
administration are still in revolt at
the idea that he might bring some type
of transactional diplomatic relation
with Russia in an attempt to improve
relations with the world's only other
nuclear power that could you know
conceivably end the United States and in
a nuclear let me go to Alex Christopher
in Cyprus well what is your take on a
possible summit may mean mark is done a
pretty good job of giving the the pros
and cons right there
I just think that we
be much better to have that the second
IG report come out on this Russia Gate
fiasco
fantasy and then he would probably have
a little bit more leverage because after
two years there's been no evidence and I
don't think there's gonna be any that
would that's the cloud that needs to
leave the scene before I think there
would be any kind of meaningful summon
what do you think Alex in Cyprus yeah I
definitely think the the rojo Russia
Trump collusion thing has without a
doubt morphed into the microscope and
the focus being on the FBI and the DOJ
that that goes without question but
saying that I think if he does take a
summit with Putin then you're going to
just be feeding the the sharks and it's
just gonna shift the focus right back to
the whole Trump Russia collusion
narrative even though there is no
evidence the media will will push that
story but I also want to say one very
quick thing which is I don't want to bet
against Trump's political instincts
sometimes he he does crazy stuff and it
turns out in his favor so I mean maybe
he knows something we don't
know you took the words right out of my
mouth exactly I was just about to say
that you know he just he'll surprise us
here Marco yeah I if I were him I
wouldn't want to do it before the 2018
midterm elections that you know could
you know result in power change in the
house if not the Senate nah but I don't
know Trump may decide to roll the dice
okay you know teaming one of the things
that I find really interesting as a
tangent to all of this here is that
going back to our demonization
conversation that we were having there's
growing evidence that the more Trump is
demonized the more his base can look
past his blemishes I got the numbers for
that on you go ahead Pew just came out
90 percent of Republicans now have an
approval approve of the performance of
Donald Trump which is the highest of any
Republican this remarkable number
because when he was elected it wasn't
even close to that the polarization the
other side of that is only 15 percent of
Democrats approve of his performance
which is a likewise it's the
polarization of American politics
Kristopher reflect upon that because
you've been looking at these kinds of
things I mean he has his base are gonna
stand by him irrespective of his
blemishes and there are many okay but
but they know he's a known quantity to
them okay go ahead yeah because the the
Democrats and and much of the the
establishment left media they demonized
his base I mean just the other day there
was a pundit on Morning Joe who said
that anyone that has voted for Trump
should also consider themselves as a you
know folk a white supremacist so I mean
they don't accomplish anything by
demonizing not only Trump but they
demonize his base as well and so his
base is also just saying you know what
if you guys are going to call us that
all day we're gonna support this man and
we're gonna stand behind him there's
there's no talk of policy no the
Internet interesting thing is gentlemen
I'll go to mark next year the most
interesting thing that happened during
the 2016 presidential election is not
meeting with Russians
it wasn't the leaked emails it was one
sentence coming from Hillary Clinton
deplorable z-- this is what it is being
amplified to the ends degree right now
and and she said it and teach and the
Democrats are paying for it yeah those
numbers I give you that's not just his
base this is the mainstream of the
Republican Party who were not
necessarily happy about his election and
many stretches rallying around them and
I would guess no small number of
independence as well and this is a
result of Russia gate and fall outrage
fatigue and opacity here well I mean the
demonization doesn't work
internationally I mean how many
supporters did President Assad have
before 2011 outside Syria very few you
know he was little known okay yeah young
man and after more just but after the
United States and the you have been
demonizing him for several years he has
a fan club now and these people are
completely impervious ly to as you know
on Facebook they have the Assad kink so
they doing a curse curse
of course kim jonghwan is suddenly an
international diplomatic rockstar i also
want to go to you before this segment
here how many people does it take at the
top of the FBI to go for the Liberals to
realize something's going wrong okay I
mean how many people are gone all right
it's like markable it was it was
Horowitz as testimony was was scathing
it was stunning I mean what we learned
is it's not just about Lisa Paige and
Peter struck there was a whole team of
FBI agents that were vacuum Utley they
were there were so anti-trump Pro
Hillary it was astonishing and all of
this is now coming out in the open it's
it's the pure definition of a boomerang
they they push the Russia Trump
collusion thing and what they ended up
doing is they ended up destroying the
reputation of the DOJ and the FBI Alex
you know the thing is I watched aura
which is um testimony and you know I
think even he had to begrudge Lisa in
his body language and his tone and all
that is that he was actually agreeing
with all of the criticism and not what
the his outcome of the report that just
seemed very mild but if you get into the
details he keep greed on every step of
the way the thing is market I find
interesting is that we're gonna come
across these cast of characters one more
time because the IG still has it's
Russia gate investigation Peter struck
we're not we haven't heard the last of
this guy yeah III think that we will all
see you certainly the Republicans in the
Congress and elsewhere really need to
pursue this they need to launch legal
for city is almost complete they took
the Trump taking children away from
their parents Dima and ignored the IG
report almost completely well I mean
let's look at all of this Russia Trump
collusion the only person in that in
jail right now is Paul Manafort right
and what do I read about Paul Manafort
in the New York Times Paul Manafort
pressed Yanukovych to sign an agreement
with the European Union
would link the country closer to the
West and war bit for the Americans to
support Ukraine's members okay well this
is something that Paul Manafort should
be putting they story led to the Maidan
and he's not actually in free is not
actually in jail he's in pretrial
detention and therefore is tax avoidance
if there is one thing that can make
Ukrainians happy now that is Paul
Manafort in pretrial detention anything
that reminds us of jail you know this is
the right way we're going to find out if
with with flynn and with matt afford if
the FBI changed records okay
they're called 302s okay we're gonna
find out if that happened here it's
gonna be a very interesting week
gentlemen it's just amazing that a
person is basically put in pretrial
detention for doing something very Pro
worse than you know this is something
the United States and they you wanted to
achieve it's a little bit more
complicated than that there are
accusations in metaphor was tampering
witnesses okay I mean if you're a
lobbyist like a man afford and and and
the and others in Washington DC you
don't have the cleanest hands jump in
here many thanks to my guests here in
Moscow and in Cyprus this is the end of
our broadcast segments stay with us for
the extended version on our YouTube
channel see you next time and remember
cross dock rules
okay now for the extended version of our
program we have political potpourri all
right let me go to Cyprus Alex what's on
your mind here I think you want to talk
about the World Cup go ahead yeah I
think I think what's on my mind is and
what's on the mind of billions of people
on the planet
and that's the World Cup and I think so
far so good it's turned out to be a huge
success people having a great time that
the matches are very very good great
teams great matchups and I think the
optics are also very interesting because
here you have all the all the rockets
all the all the craziness in the US with
Trump and the immigration the Horowitz
report you have what's happening in
Germany with also migrant problems
Maccarone and Merkel and and Merkel
losing a lot of our power and and
hanging on by a very thin thread you
have you know issues everywhere in the
world and here you have what was once
isolated Russia right it's at the center
of the world now and it's putting on a
fantastic ok I can tell you because
diamond marker in the studio with me and
I know that you spent a lot of time in
Moscow Moscow is anything but isolated
right now you can exact the main streets
of the city I mean all the cafes were
full all of the restaurants are full
there was a lot of revelry at night as
well depending on who wins for me the
most amazing story was polish fans
walking all the way up to the Kremlin
you know to the sparsity gate and no one
reminding them what happened in 2012
when the Polish media was in hysteria
for two months before the the Russian
fans just walked through Warsaw and when
they finally walk they were attacked by
by gangs of Polish hooligans and no one
reminded them of that they were on the
red square chanting the Polish stones
saying their slogans and all the people
around them were happy and trying to
totally I mean you just mentioned the
word happy this is a very happy city guy
okay and it's full of people from all
over the world all of the jerseys all
the footballs all the crazy hats I mean
I'm an American I'm not very much into
soccer as we call it but the festivities
are grape let's get bettin back to some
brass tacks here mark I know you wanted
to talk about the US withdrawal make a
little homage to Trump and okay never I
Peter never ever say that I never give
you anything so my child
so the United States announced that
they're pulling out of the United
Nations Human Rights Commission's upper
thumbs down you can go either way yes
because the details of this so why are
they pulling out of this Human Rights
Commission
all right they've got some complaints
about it most of the complaints have to
do with Israel right because the Human
Rights Commission has again and again
voted against the u.s. defending
Israel's occupation of Palestine and you
know the Golan Heights 169 condemned
natori resolutions were passed by the UN
Human Rights Commission and half of
those forty-seven percent against Israel
twenty-eight special 7 special sessions
eight focused on Israel but also they've
been looking at the United States the
Universal Periodic Review the most
recommendations for improvement on how
to improve your human rights are at the
record were directed against the United
States and also the most visits of
thematic visits for inspections the most
of those came to the United States from
the Human Rights Commission there's also
the Austin report on u.s. poverty that
came out and nikki Haley was I'm going
to steal your thunder Marquez you sir I
think you wrote Facebook that poverty in
America is an exceptional property is
exceptional now she said how dare they
write that you know it's ridiculous that
they should judge and and you know the
writer of the report the UN Special
Rapporteur on extreme poverty said but
you've got 40 million people living in
poverty in the wealthiest country in the
world in art
doing anything to correct it I think
that's a reason the report pointed out
that that you have the highest that
chronic rates of poverty in the
developed world the youth poverty infant
mortality incarceration income equality
obesity hisen developed world that's the
United States the US doesn't like this
being whether we did I'm sorry you know
yeah I gotten a lot of trouble for the
last program I did on immigration but
you know I still think that it's
incumbent upon the American authorities
to worry about American children then
first and foremost before they're
worried about scoring propaganda points
about people illegally entering the
country breaking the law let me just say
that this United States does not prove
that the UN Human Rights Commission
isn't working it proves that it is
because Israel is the one thing that all
the countries in the world other than
the US agree on right the egregious
violations they're that the United
States keeps defending the occupied you
know the ethnic cleansing of
Palestinians with the settlements on the
colonisation and so on the same thing
the u.s. uses human rights as a weapon
to justify its military aggressions in
in pursuit of a Gemini around the world
and they're being called out on it to me
that says that for all its many flaws
the UN Human Rights Commission is
pointing and looking in the right
direction
it's just amazing of what the American
officials are saying in this regard let
me just quote micro compel the US will
not take lectures from hypocritical
bodies and institutions as America
selflessly gives its blood and treasure
to help the defenseless and of the court
well America also spills the blood of
some other people including citizens of
other nations watchers and Assyrian
soldiers one instance how many parents
were were separated from their children
during the illegal invasion and
occupation of Iraq in 2003
okay talk about breaking up families
okay Mike Pompeo to rank hypocrisy it's
I mean it's just not even worth
commenting it's absolutely Pompeyo
mentioned many soil
Huber and III guess China's the examples
well life in China may be difficult but
it's better than in Yemen now but
Michael compared didn't mention Saudi
Arabia right
he didn't mention also Colombia you know
where a new righteous government has
come to power many so may may not be a
paradise but Colombia has seen much
worse but his way when the shade should
be left alone to take care of its own
problems I'm so sick and tired of people
like Nicky hey me and Hailey and Mike
Pompeo talking about Venezuela it's none
of their business what Americans and you
know American politically the media
choose to care about and not care about
is really it's schizophrenic and it
exhibits maximum cognitive dissonance
right it's amazing are you even aware
that every bomb that the US drops right
and and Trump is dropping one bomb every
12 minutes every 12 minutes Obama it was
only one every 20 minutes every gun and
bullet that you hand out the jihadists
and Islamists and neo-nazis that you
know the further your geopolitical
designs they permanently separate
children entice operate children from
their families and vice versa I I can't
believe you don't understand that
Americans only care when the the liberal
media and the commentary actually show
them pictures because you're not gonna
see any picture of many pictures of
what's happening in the lab and in Yemen
and and and and so on rub their faces
literally in it and tell them in small
and emotive words what they should think
and feel about it that's that's how many
pictures that FEMA you know and I'm
gonna go to Alex in a second how many
pictures of the ten or 10,000 plus dead
in the DOM bass has the American public
been shown not very how many families
russian-ukrainian families were split
and separated because of what happened
in in Ukraine in 2014 the so-called
revolution that was praised by the
liberal media as a new beginning for
Ukraine Ukraine has now a much more
corrupt government and under Yanukovych
but that's in a lot but the difference
is that they're ordering
literally millions of families that
quarreled and that were separated
because you know part of the family had
to become refugees because they they
were divided on the political lines and
all of that was utterly avoidable
I want to change gears here but I want
to point out is that Russia took in a
lot of refugees without a lot of fanfare
from Ukraine just dissolved in society
because they're exactly why Alex wants
to jump in and Cyprus go ahead I just
want to say that that I think mark
nailed it when when he said when he says
that you know they're they're now
putting a humanitarian focus on the
United States you take away the United
States is justification for every war
they've they've had in the last 15 years
which was a humanitarian war I mean it
was popularized by Samantha power by
Obama and then nikki Haley was just
carrying the torch so everything was a
humanitarian war so we had humanitarian
wars in Libya we had them in in
Yugoslavia we had them in Syria
everything was about a humanitarian
destruction of a country and there's two
videos that we should also bring to
light there was Madeline Albright be and
asked if she feels guilty about 500,000
Iraqi children starving to death because
of sanctions she said she didn't feel
guilty and who can never forget and she
said I hate to bring it up no much
easily when she said it was worth it we
think it was it was worth it and who can
ever forget Hillary Clinton laughing and
give about cackling yes we we came we
saw he died I think that's that was my
last point of the week Charles
Krauthammer
Crimea the neocon thinker and writer
extraordinaire who penned the unipolar
moment in 1990 saying that the US has
been handed an empire by history and we
need to keep it he's dead and you know
it's said not to speak ill and we want
when we bomb we well I hope there is a
God so he receives judgment for what
he's brought on Iraq and other countries
because he was some of the biggest
propaganda what definitely was a voice
of the wash
coming back to what the addict said
about every world being humanitarian you
know there was a funny Soviet joke you
know someone has been asked will there
be World War three and the answer is no
there won't be volvo three but there
will be such a fight for peace that
there won't be a stone upon a stone all
the wars that we have seen in the last
thirty years they were all led for very
very noble reasons you know removing
dictators you know making people elect
their own leaders liberating whole
nations like kosovo albanians
the results were always just obnoxious
don't forget the threats of non-existent
weapons of mass destruction so okay okay
all right gentlemen we're gonna jump in
here we're gonna that's it all the time
we have for our extended version of our
program we hope you enjoyed it see you
next weekend remember crosstalk rules
