and if that face looks familiar it's
because it's right alongside me for
myself oh yeah first of all good you
came here to follow the World Cups yeah
I came to follow the the World Cup to
follow Brazil one to the final I guess
and by the perspective of defense I'm
doing a commie journalist actually I'm
just using the wig and then the head
because I wasn't there in the atmosphere
of the match but I'm quite serious man
when I went to so I came here by the 90
mean it's a company that where I worked
then to show the perspective by defense
and I'm doing it and I just say some
words to Russian people that I was
recording me and this realized but is
gaining the proportions difficult to
reach for example yesterday I receive a
video that a girl tattooed my caricature
yes but the people are doing products of
me shirts with my caricature with my
face in terms of the people you're
travelling with that I have an a similar
experience first of all the Brazilian
thought that the Russian people with
angry people and close people and it's
just a few taxi drivers in Moscow
actually because we are loving you guys
I love it with you I really love you
Richard we are really enjoying Russia
and it's a surprise for me I'm surprised
with how warm you are how the fatality
of you for example before became famous
some people text me
maybe I can write you from the airport
to the center so okay when I came to the
airport here in st. Petersburg the
people with with my draw with music they
invited me to go to to dinner to go to
- dude city tours but I'm here to work -
so I doing this and then work when I
have time I'm gonna go make a social
media video and swear this is obviously
the secret to success Lucia Lucia loose
key yellow blue
you
