anyone could be a target we're joined
now by arty American correspondent
Rachel Blevins whose own Facebook
account has been banned as well Rachel
hi there when did you realize your
account had been suspended that must
have come as a huge surprise absolutely
was I went to check my newsfeed
yesterday and saw that I was completely
locked out I was locked out of my
personal account for about four hours
and then when I finally got back in I
saw that my public page which is what I
used to share my work had been taken
down what do you done on that that's so
controversial dare I ask you know that's
I really don't know that's a great
question um this is a page that I've had
for about four years now and it's one
that I use to share my work with my
followers basically and it's one that
I've really worked to create a following
on as a journalist I mean is there
anything you've put in there do you
think just trying to think back about
what could have triggered this is there
anything there that could have been at
all controversial maybe it's it because
you work for RT and that was the trigger
what do you think it was the catalyst
for it you know I've gotten some
comments about that of people saying
that maybe it's related to RT I know
that in terms of my work I usually try
to look at angles that aren't being
discussed by the mainstream media and so
not so much controversial as just
looking at other angles that the
mainstream media really refuses to
report on but I also know that I have
several friends who have gotten their
Facebook pages taken down and they had
nothing to do with RT or Russia or
anything like that do you think this is
you've been singled out here by a bot as
it being some sort of automated thing or
do you think it's a natural physical
person that's been clamping down here
and noticed what you've been doing and
and raise the alarm got it taken off any
idea see that's what I'm wondering now
whenever I went to check my facebook
page it said that it had have been taken
down for a number of reasons which word
that I had been posting from a fake
account or that maybe I was misleading
users or that I had violated Facebook's
spam policies now I know that my
personal account is the only one that is
used to post things on that page I also
know that
I never would go out of my way to
mislead users and that everything I post
are things that have been researched or
baked off of facts and they're all news
related and in terms of Facebook spam
policies I mean the only thing that I'm
posting is my work you know the things
that I create that kind of thing so to
say that it's spam or that it's coming
from other websites simply is untrue
yeah and have you asked Facebook to
investigate this to try and and
reinstate you of yet a new response yeah
so I submitted an appeal they give you
that option basically for you to explain
that this was done in error and so I
went through that process I haven't
heard anything back though it's kind of
a vague form that you submit to Facebook
and then they don't give you any
guarantee as to whether your page will
be reinstated or the timeline on that
it's Facebook the thing it was are not
worth bothering with anyways so much as
it used to be you know it doesn't seem
that way I know that whenever I first
started out Facebook was the main place
where a lot of journalists and media
personalities went to build a following
and it was the place where they could
really connect with their followers and
it seems like especially in the last
year Facebook has just changed course
and is now stifling a lot of those
content creators that it helped out in
the first place right shall ever to see
over the other side of the pond there
rachel evans RT america correspondent
certainly having trouble there with
facebook thanks telling us about your
experience
you
