indeed in Salisbury which almost four
months ago now became the epicenter of
this massive scandal that took over
headlines all over the world we're
double former double agent Sergey scroll
and his 33 year old daughter Yulia were
found slumped on a park bench right here
in Salisbury and indeed all of the
attention all eyes were back to
Salisbury today as the Prince of Wales
Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall
Camilla have been paying a visit indeed
to boost the Seerat city's spirits and
really help it out on its way to what's
being described as recovery but some of
the locals we've been speaking to here
seem to have a little bit of a sense of
fatigue when it comes to this whole saga
already people forget very quickly when
they I mean I think they'll forget
because they forget in six months almost
well if you haven't yet happy but it
keeps on coming back on the news but
there'll be some other poisoning in
Glasgow or something and people start
worrying about that one thing I think
it'll take a few more months but it is
building back up now I've noticed around
the time people sort of are coming back
in well if you remember all of this kick
started on March 4th when Sergey screw
fallen Yulia were found on a park bench
they were taken to a hospital it was
later announced that they had been
poisoned by a nerve agent that was
dubbed Nava Chuck and immediately All
Hands pointed to Russia the British
government if you recall said it's
highly likely that Moscow was behind
this
they said that only Russia would have
the operative means the motive and the
source of being able to get their hands
on knowledge talk so they blamed Russia
immediately they expelled diplomats it
became the biggest diplomatic route
between Russia and Britain certainly in
decades wild that whole time Russia of
course saying it had nothing to do with
the attack they said they would have any
motive for doing something like this and
have been denying all along having had
to do anything to do with this poisoning
while asking to be able to participate
in the investigation that actually is
still going on all of these months later
we do know that hundreds of detectives
have been working here examining as many
as five thousand hours of CCTV footage
here on the ground in Salisbury yet
we're still waiting for kind of a fish
investigation results to be announced
and of course so again you Lea have made
it well out of the hospital and are
feeling better and actually not many
very people seems to know where they are
at this point the Russian em boy to the
UK told us that Russia will continue to
push to be involved in the script all
investigation I sent the letter today to
Prince Charles you know he visited
Salisbury and he supported the people of
Salisbury but I sent him a letter
explaining our position I wrote that
Russia has not had nothing to do with
that and that's exactly what we said
officially to to the British government
I said that we are demanding the access
to the investigation we are demanding
the access to the Russian citizens and
we want to know the details and we want
to know the truth so far everything is
under this secrecy is done on this
secrecy and we don't have any access so
all these things I wrote to the royal
family in order to brief Prince Charles
and give him better understanding you
know what is the Russian position on
that unfortunately we don't have any
access to the investigation so so far no
information we didn't get the
substantive answers from the Foreign
Office on all our questions that were
put to the British side we don't have
access to Russian citizens everything
what we have seen this is on the TV
their interview I mean the interview who
Leah I'm quite sure that the British
side cannot stand on this position
endlessly so one day we will get the
access to the Russian citizens the the
sooner the better we'll continue the
political pressure as we understand that
more British allies from the Western
bloc are asking to present the evidence
so sometime ago they few months or when
they made a joint statement in support
of the British position so they believed
Britain on their word today it's time to
explain you know what are the evidence
and I see the first signs of that kind
of mood in Germany but I am quite sure
that the other countries under the
pressure of the public opinion in their
countries have to do the same
you
