we'll show this week concentrates on the
host Russia
whassat and sparrow hill overlooking the
beautiful Luzhniki stadium and the hosts
are vibrant Russia have won their
opening two games at the FIFA World Cup
so they're happy we're gonna be chatting
to mr. football here in Russia gilgit
you dance if we're also going to visit
the great Moscow State Circus and a very
special guest to join us we're going to
be looking at Peru fans fans from around
the world and giving you all the flavor
from this week's FIFA World Cup enjoy
we are here at the great Moscow State
Circus the world cup is well underway
and of course as befits the great circus
of the world they have a football theme
let's go and have a look at the jugglers
the artists the actors and a very
special guest
I am Stan Collymore and today I am your
ringmaster not quite a Scholl come in
delighted to be joined by look at this
sort of fine figure of a man the
artistic director and one of the actors
here at the Moscow great circus let's go
tell us about the history of this great
place it's 45 years old this circus it
was built in Soviet Union it was the
biggest circus in the world yeah and
it's still biggest in Europe
what is the Russian fascination with
circuses you remember Lenin yes of
course yeah and he said that for us the
most important art are circus and cinema
that's why they started to influence and
they spend a lot of money for circus
said it was really important and you
know maybe because he was understanding
that circuses international language art
that's why you can bring any ideas
Soviet ideas Russian ideas to all around
the globe how excited are you to welcome
the world to the circus because
obviously we know Russia for its arts
for its poetry for the Bolshoi Ballet
for its circuses how cool is it for this
five weeks to be able to show them
classic Russian entertain you know it's
amazing actually it's amazing and the
greatest thing is to see the football
fans in audience to see them wearing all
those t-shirts with the flags and
they're happy and when they when they
see that that performance is really
friendly it's about all of us that we
are coming from different countries we
have different culture different
religions but we are all the same and we
are coming for the fun
ready on the little yeah okay but it's
quite dangerous but I'll make it so that
it will be safe for you but you need to
be careful
don't be scared okay she's good guy you
can touch him June with the coin she's
afraid of you okay but just because
you're new for him okay
you can come close close okay okay
ricky-ricky speaker okay Vic so the
miscommunication
okay touch him you can touch okay
so I like it I've just fed a time yeah
you did beautiful so I'm still shaking
after Ricky the tiger so let's bring
things down a little bit we're here with
Michael Michael how long have you and
your family being involved in the circus
some like hundred here a hundred years
involved in the circus so you should
have some good expertise yes I think so
yeah so it's a World Cup theme show us
some tricks
let's hope the Brazil football team of
this entertainment the World Cup lunch
at here to the same portable show read
behind the event in Moscow here the
World Cup finals
a bush Justice Shiraishi Antonius
Takara's Morris mini share students on
football nomiku would always post
monopolist familiar greatest American
artist or Nash American astronaut
invited marrow registry tremendousness
of which he your people Marshman us know
it's actual this problem of serving his
own animal is this superclass this the
honesty's watching this supremely rishi
an equatorial stir Shelton's liam Soloff
share command the command obama muchas
muchas command is born Narasimhan
command accomplished its goal of in
cattle we delayed as we grow we just
remove those born of Britain and America
no cat nada a party the Vienna province
when I sing
yogi thank you so much for for joining
us we're finally here in this quite
incredible studio overlooking Spiro hill
in the Luzhniki stadium I've been
watching your stuff every night my
Russian is very bad I'm trying I'm
trying very slowly but you're bred to do
your presentation style your passion
your energy has been fantastic
Russian viewers let's start the
beginning fantastic start of the
tournament what are your thoughts on the
opening 10 days of the FIFA World Cup
here in Russia I'm quite happy I'm very
happy that it's happening and I can't
believe that can I believe that this is
the district where I was born this is my
homeland really and I started playing
football here like down there there were
a lot of beaches where children were
playing in our setting playing football
there and now 40 years later when I'm
standing here I still can't believe that
this happening with me so it's kind of a
fairy tale and the level of football in
the opening games is impressive and I
think that in the next games it will be
even better how important has it been
for Cristiano Ronaldo to score hat-trick
for Messi to miss a penalty for Iceland
to get a result for Russia to start so
well in the tournament it seems to be
one of those tournaments where you toss
a coin you don't know where it's gonna
land that's fantastic for this
tournament isn't it yeah I agree with
you absolutely and it's cool that seven
although now have scored already four
goals may see for this moment scored no
goals but I think he will be scoring
goals afterwards then for me it's very
interesting to see another star because
we have Ronaldo and Messi but they are
in their thirties forties already and I
want to see the next number one in the
world football and unfortunately in the
first games I didn't see guys like my
pair Warner and other guys you know for
young players to see them performing on
the level of a future number one in
football this is what is interesting for
me from the football point of view as
far as teams are concerned I like very
much the performance of Mexico team and
the Mexicans do you agree yeah
absolutely amazing people and people
from South South America
country and Colombia as well how did
they get visa I have no idea
imagine the Visa Center in yeah because
I know that if you have if you have the
ticket you don't need visa but how comes
that you have thirty thousand people pay
tickets for period people that's amazing
this is that miss fear of the World Cup
I would say it's you know people's
festival festival of cultures Festival
of Nations
let's talk about the support nya the
Russian national team didn't have
qualifiers to play supplied high profile
friendlies a mixed bag before the
tournament never broken all records two
games two wins eight goals scored in
your wildest dreams did you expect that
to be the star that rochev had look I'm
a normal guy absolutely normal guy I was
in a very close contact with church Asaf
I can't say that were close friends but
we have a very long relations very good
relations and I was following his work
from the very first day and maybe I was
one of a little a number of journalists
and people who are involved in this you
know business I was absolutely I saw
that he knows what he's doing besides
all this you know negative comments and
all negative atmosphere which was around
born as its new word is not Red Army red
whatever it's born as you said like it's
new word I didn't know them it's fun and
so I was absolutely sure that this
coaching staff they know what they're
doing and that they are doing the right
way and before the start of the
tournament I was telling to everyone
forget about this losses to Brazil
France Argentina and so on because the
way we were playing with top teams let's
wait till the first kickoff any as you
see some teams which were performing
badly during the friendly matches they
show another different absolutely level
of football because it's different you
know you have to be prepared and so all
these days nine or six days which
separated the last friendly match with
the first match official you know this
is a when they did an enormous job to be
prepared so I'm not surprised with two
wins I'm surprised with the quality of
performance if we can say that Saudi
Arabia may be one of the weakest with
all respects one of the weakest teams
that I still qualify
so it's not fair I would say it's not
fair to say that any team is weak there
no weak teams at the World Cup because
they all qualify and Asian qualifying
round is rather you know it's it's tough
tough tournament right so it's not a
question of weak or not weak is the
question of being prepared to the exact
day into exact hour and the level of
performance of Russian team it was a
surprise I knew that they will be
prepared but I didn't expect that would
that it will be so amazing in attack
would be the perfect mom I would love to
see all this atmosphere of all this you
know atmosphere of big football festival
continuing not only in Moscow and st.
Petersburg in all other cities for the
remaining days and when these cities
which have only three or four games they
will keep on being supporters of
football because you see many Russians
who will we say that Russia is not a
football nation it's not true right yes
sure but as you see like ordinary
Russian people are involved in this
story and so I would like to say to see
them to being involved in further days
in weeks in the in this World Cup and I
hope that the best teams we know that we
can't expect surprises like it's would
be strange if setting out would win the
World Cup no but it's a nice theme I
like it
among those teams go underdogs Senegal
for me one of the best teams in the
opening and opening games but I think
that those teams who are favorites of
the World Cup they will be performing
every next game better and I think that
after the quarter finals we'll see
although all the same teams and that's
that's good because this is the World
Cup with no
prices like it was you know in exotic
countries like Japan or Korea because of
the time difference you know all
Europeans teams most of them collapsed
here is very good from a time zone
climate zone for all nations for octaves
that's why I think that from football
point of view it's a very good good
World Cup because every team from any
continent can can perform well here
keoki all at least mid-size thank you
very much for joining the understand
Collymore show I've been watching every
night and you exude passion for our
beautiful sports we're trying Super Bowl
joy and my Shiva head Razia spirit ratio
vo Pangaea yeah let's find out thank you
can you still get through the group
welcome to Purim everyone
I'm absolutely delighted on the Stan
Collymore show to sit in have a quick
chat with one of my personal heroes
elminate FeO could be us really
appreciate you joining me on the stand
Collymore show it's great to see you
what was your favorite memory from 1970
e.k máquina de ser mention ah dope or ex
honor ante do Nascimento Pelle como el
sucess orale del few a lo que como
comprende Rah's tio lugar para que no
podía say conciliar el Sueno aquella
noche pero tengo el mejor de la require
la paura me como tu lo Digitas our
principio estephe we una de las mejores
copa del mundo porno decir la mejor in
quanta food world que se ho no England
in 1978 put Scotland were there and I
showed you my my Twitter and I said a
fear could be a situation Scottish fans
were like no this man killed my dream as
a child tell me about that performance
in those two incredible girls Mira lo
que su se hace que cuando Scotland Giga
al mundial given Kong lady a Yossi de
ganar la copa del mundo por que llegar
on todos or on dos como como se dice a
super combin sido de que la copa el
mundo la Donovan ellos y nosotros
céntimos at anta respeto con ellos desde
que se initial partido no sass en el
primer goalie cuando ellos nos hacen el
primer goal Recinos otro reaction amo
sino demos cuenta de que era un equipo a
quien podium ovince ER es se como en
pitamah ser perdido y puede SI uno
tiempo Motoko a me acero dos goalies
creo que los dos o le phare a my solos
mejores KH o mi carrera como fue la
lista pre back the woke up in Russia and
very welcome back to the red stripe
across the key I've missed it
since your time what will this Perot
team give to the World Cup in 2018 what
kind of team are they
yo accreditor egg miss elección
yo creo piezo eat Angola totally
completa seguridad de que este equipo a
ser una muy Buena presentation en esta
co-op al mundo say ver todos a cada uno
en s integrin este geebo y todos ellos
tienen hambre de querer say con gracia
are con los éxito de querer you lead our
mi Pais una gran satisfaccion yo estar
ser que ellos en el perdido y me del 8
ra con lo que ellos pueden hacer con lo
que ellos van a ser porque estoy con men
she'd okay save a noir el todo por el
todo y ojala que este regreso de perro
una Copa el mundo see Reba para que todo
no soto l'Opera nose see damos
identificado con el food how excited
will the Peruvian nation baby back Copa
Mundial las no tiene C dia de lo que
Viva el pueblo / VAR no en esto momento
say Austin Feliz ASIMO's con el regreso
de creo que con decirte
de que nunca antes todos estos eggy
doors Avion tanida expect ateva pork
we're tener presencia noona doper mundo
en estos momentos la cantidad de perro a
no que van a sitter Lucia para ver a sus
elección de repente a en cada partido de
pero él estaba en no solamente compare
oh noes el nelly cubillas it's been my
absolute pleasure to meet one of my
idols from childhood thank you very much
for joining me on the stand Collymore
show deal very well
after England my third favorite team
after Iceland England Iceland Peru
Bangor Peru
you
