well Iran has warned that it may soon
exit the nuclear deal that is known as
the joint comprehensive plan of action
we're hearing from the Iranian deputy
foreign minister who says it is clear
that the future of the deal now hangs in
the balance I told the conference today
that the jcpoa is in the intensive care
unit because it has lost its balance as
a result of the US withdrawal from the
deal the Iranian deputy foreign minister
was speaking to the press in Vienna
where the remaining signatories are
meeting to try and salvage what at the
time was termed a landmark agreement but
what we are hearing from Tehran is
they're insisting on some kind of
assurances from those remaining
signatories and the most notable among
them being Europe that there will be
amendments put in place to offset the
negative impact of Washington
withdrawing it was back in May that the
American president Donald Trump decided
to ditch the deal it's a deal that the
several years in the making it is a deal
that Trump has called the world spill or
one of the worst deal that America had
ill assigned it on and essentially the
election campaign becomes that he was
going to the school from the deal if not
only how to respond so he's also
announced that because we're imposing
sanctions against Iran and at the same
time has vowed to come down even harder
on the Islamic Republic and this is
despite the fact if there are warnings
that doing so could have dire
consequences now certainly in Europe has
been scrambling and trying hard to
convince the Iranians that they remain
committed to the deal but what we
certainly hearing some Tehran is
skepticism as to whether or not Europe
can offer something of real interest and
what this essentially means is that the
prospect of Iran withdrawing from the
nuclear agreement is becoming ever and
ever more imminent a last hour I got
reaction from political communication
professor feroz's Rd at Tehran
University who says there could be very
serious repercussions if the deal is
completely abandoned it may actually
lead to a war that's why both Iran and
Europe are interested to sailing the
agreement but if the agreement is
finished
totally
after us withdrawal then the conflicts
that you already have in in the Middle
East are going to increase and I think
the reason Iran's the people Foreign
Minister talked about jcpoa the nuclear
agreement being under the intensive care
is basically an attempt to push Europe
to actually work harder to make sure
that Iran is able to stay what Iran has
been saying is that you can have
sanctions or you can have Iran's nuclear
program limitations but you cannot have
both you cannot have Iran limiting its
nuclear program and have the sanctions
at the same time you cannot have your
cake and eat it too
that's basically runs argument and
people are not hoping that the Europe
election you do what they need to do
you
