hello and welcome to cross stop where
all things are considered I'm Peter
Lavelle all across the Western world the
so called melting pot is melting down
immigration legal and illegal is
probably the most contentious and
divisive issue energizing voters in
Italy for example the right and left
have united on the issue in germany the
government may collapse and Trump has
made this his signature cause can the
status quo be sustained
crosstalking immigration i'm joined by
my guest John Lachlan in Paris he's a
historian and specialist in
international affairs in Basel no we
have
Roland Benedict ER he is the co-director
of the Center for Advanced Studies of
your ex research and in her god that we
have Ralf Niemeyer he is a German
journalist and author all right
gentleman crosstalk rules in effect that
means you can jump in anytime you want
and I always appreciate it I'd like to
go to John first in Paris
I'll let just kind of kick this whole
discussion off by an observation I've
had over the last few weeks and months
particularly with the events going on in
the United States is it appears that
virtue signaling has replaced policy and
debate because all we're supposed to do
is to think emotionally about this and
not use our heads and and I think this
is what the establishment media and
establishment parties want us to think
that way to address this issue and if we
stop virtuous signaling maybe we could
come up with some solutions your
thoughts John well there's a lot of
propaganda involved isn't there Peter
I mean we've just seen in the events on
the Mexican border these very
propagandistic pictures of children are
supposedly being separated from their
parents I'm sure your viewers will
remember the picture of the poor little
Kurdish boy on a Turkish Beach the dead
body of a little boy he was a victim of
the migration crisis and the broadcast
of his photo was used to elicit sympathy
for the plight of migrants and it worked
very well but when a boy of the same age
was killed in a terrorist attack in
Barcelona the policy was not to show his
dead body out of respect for him and for
his family so we can see that these
images are being used to drive a
political agenda and that is the problem
the problem is that this immigration is
being driven by a political agenda it is
being driven by a political agenda of
European states who are demographically
weak the demographic pyramid is inverted
there are more old people than young
people and for many years and decades
now economists and policymakers have
decided that in order to rectify this
demographic problem in Europe we need
immigration
we need to bring in people from outside
in order to pay our pensions and that is
the immigration estai geology and as
long as that ideology remains in place
as long as the ideology is believed by
these people as it is most notably in
Germany then I'm afraid the problem will
continue ok Roland you know the thing is
is that this this is approach with open
borders but if you believe that their
open borders then there are no borders
to defend I think that's the paradox of
what's happening in the Western world if
you want to have open borders let people
come in but then you can't defend your
border when it's necessary go ahead
Roland
well look there is no such thing like a
lot of political entity or a community
without borders
never in history and you need borders
why because you have to define the
limits of validity of your laws and that
is what the left is school the Frankfurt
School you can have a mass says what the
system theory says so Boris is something
good and not something bad what we had
in Europe over the past decades was very
strongly leftist oriented political
correctness which believed in a
cosmopolitan definition of identity and
as for example the standing group
identity itself of the European
consortium on political research in
Paris and in Brussels would say today is
that we need to define our identity as
Europeans much more in a European way
and in a less exaggerated cosmopolitan
way because we cannot live without
borders because if you have no borders
you have no rule of law and no
definition where you lost a valid and we
are not ok Ralph let me go to you I mean
ok we have a lot of consensus here the
media is for open borders the political
classes for open borders but to know
what the voters aren't for open borders
and we're seeing it in election after
election I mean isn't it time the
democracy we recognized again in the
European Union I mean we have the
Austrians we have the Italians we have
all
a new car we could use term Fifth Column
in Germany right now that it's waking up
to what voters want and and they're
running on these issues
go ahead Ralph yes of course it's true
that the open border myth I must say of
leftists and I am calling myself a
leftist name is at stake because it has
not worked out fine and we left behind
those people who already live in our
country and we did not take care of them
or the refugees had nothing to do with
the fact that the pensions were not good
enough anymore this was due to
privatization of the pension scheme or
that the wages are not good enough or
that the rent is too high for apartments
this or not due to the refugee crisis
but it came up with that now that people
are realizing that they were left behind
and they say hang on a minute no
foreigners are coming as well so this is
where the leftist made the key mistake
in the recent years and especially when
2015 happened when mrs. Merkel once
imported a decision that we are shuffled
us we are going to manager in English
and people said yeah but why don't we
manage with ourselves first and of
course this is where right-wing and
nationalistic parties are coming up now
because they take voter sentiment series
where NAFTA surveyed to do that and
especially the German leftists fail it
completely and that they still demand
open borders like if there were no
borders and no states which is of course
not true there are states and we need
states of course and otherwise we have
anarchy
and no one wants to live in anarchy I
think this is also a brings down the
American government not because she lost
control yeah but John you know the the
interesting thing is with these waves of
migrants or asylum seekers or whatever
term you want because it seems to me
most of them vast majority of for
economic immigrants here but you know
they don't really come in on layer Jets
do they to Germany they don't you know
they don't fly into airports they kind
of walk through the continent you know
that's what makes me feel really bad for
the Greeks and the Italians okay I mean
if Germany wants those people fine but
it's not being done the right way even
according to EU laws okay so I mean the
Germany cannot be the decision-maker of
immigration in Europe that is intensely
anti-democratic and against the rules of
the European Union go ahead John yeah
there's no doubt that the rules are
being broken because indeed Germany by
saying that a million refugees are
welcome and then by trying to offload
them on to other members of the European
Union was indeed breaking refugee law
and breaking the European Union's own
rules that's for sure
I'm in strong agreement with what Roland
said about borders and the need to
protect them but I have a different
conclusion I disagree that the this is a
European problem and indeed I think that
the or that this can be solved with
European measures and I think that the
the reflex position of European leaders
which is to say that we need a European
solution to this problem is precisely
wrong it is precisely the fact that we
have a European Union with a borderless
internal space the Schengen area which
has caused the migration problem in the
first place
I first visited the song gap camp near
Calais in the late 1990s the migration
crisis that we're talking about now
didn't start in 2015 it started in the
1990s when Italy joined the Schengen
zone and from that moment onwards the
borders of the Mediterranean were on the
English Channel yeah and it's there is a
direct relation of cause and effect and
what we saw in 2016 after Hungary and
Croatia and the other countries built
fences to close off the Balkan route is
that national solutions are the ones
that solve this problem not European
ones and we are now I hope seeing the
same result with the Italians who are
taking matters into their own hands
nationally defending their national
territory and it's only by doing that
with because they have that the Navy
they have the ability to do it that that
this solution will end prior to the
imposition of Nationals
the habit was and it's a very bad
structural problem in the EU it was that
countries which simply let the migrants
in like Greece and Italy and then send
them north to Germany in other words
there were there were beggar thy
neighbor policies which is a structural
problem in the EU so I think we need to
finish with this idea that the solution
is European the problem is European
rolling the the arguments that the left
in the media have made is that and it's
already been mentioned this person I
think it was you demographics the need
the need for workers new workers but I
mean looking at the evidence I don't see
a lot of these migrants particularly
since 2015 are employed across the
European Union they do take state
benefits and in most of the country the
European Union have austerity so you
have very large youth unemployment so
why the same pulse to keep bringing in
more people unless it's just cheap
labour go ahead Roland yeah indeed this
is a myth especially if we take into
account the current trend toward out
some association large parts of the
traditional labor force especially
blue-collar workers will be dismissed
over the coming years and unfortunately
most of those who come in an irregular
ways to Europe do not have an education
do not have any kind of qualification
and recent study of the European
Ministry of Labour admitted that it was
very difficult to qualify more than 20
to 25% of all coming over the coming
years to get a job and in fact the the
job acceptance rate the employment rate
of migrants and refugees is very low so
this is indeed a problem and this is a
myth that is partly to be dismissed
because it will always less correspond
to the truth but let me just say
something to my previous speaker I'm in
many ways of his opinion that we need a
dramatic change in the immigration
policy because we cannot go on like this
and I think more and more Europeans have
do this as the recent elections all over
Europe have shown
okay all right gentlemen I have to jump
in here we're gonna go to a short break
and after that short break we'll
continue our discussion on immigration
stay with our team welcome back to
crosstalk where all things are
considered I'm Peter melter imagine
we're discussing immigration
okay let's go back to row and you want
me right before we went to the Rick you
want to finish your point please do yeah
I just wanted to say that I'm not in the
of the same opinion in one crucial point
which is I think we need more Europe and
not lesser Europe to solve the crisis
and give you a practical example today
we have to harmonize their syllabus and
it is the most urgent issue to solve
today it is possible that a migrant that
is not accepted in one country for
example in Germany can just switch
country and restart applying in another
country for example in Italy and France
and if it doesn't succeed he or she
doesn't succeed there they just switch
on and go further we have to harmonize
the laws to accept a single seekers we
have to harmonize the registration and
of course we have to harmonize the
Declaration of secure third countries of
origin for example Germany has declared
parts of Afghanistan a secure country
and doesn't accept the silom seekers
they just switch to Italy and are
accepted because Italy has not declared
parts of the Afghanistan as secure so we
have urgently to find transnational
European solutions for these problems
otherwise we will not be able to stop
the crisis okay I can see in Paris John
is really disagreeing let me go to Ralph
will quick but it seems to me that
Roland you want to create the United
States of Europe and I in everything to
date shows that's not what people want
no one ever asked the Europeans if they
ever wanted that ralph let me go to you
and not a very important issue that
isn't being brought up here and this
applies to the United States and Europe
is that there are criminal gangs making
a fortune off of this scam okay bringing
people in there NGOs you know they're
do-gooders but no they're blinded by
ideology their their path their
ideologically possessed they have a
hatred for their own culture a hatred
for Europe they want to just wipe it
away and fill it up with foreign alien
people I'm sorry to sound so politically
incorrect but that is true particularly
the criminal gangs in south of the
mexican south of in the mexican border
and all through the military
a lot of people preying on some very
weak people and I'd like to point out
also that it's often forgotten the
people that do want to immigrate to the
United States and to Europe they should
stay in their own country and build
their own country
okay instead of having the West have to
subsidize them in their home country
where they left okay that's a lot said
right there go ahead Ralph yeah but I do
agree to a certain extent because I once
raised that question achievement at
press conference with mrs. Merkel and
she made the same mistake that many
people do at this also in our discussion
right here now that we mix migration
issues with assignment you know to
uphold the asylum the right of a son
which is a human right and we have to
report it for for those who need it we
cannot mix that issue with migration now
what I do agree with is that what we see
at the moment at the Mexican border is
probably set up by a deep state or by
some people who who want to make mr.
Trump act and mr. Trump is not falling
for it because he remembers what
happened to mrs. Merkel urban country
yeah I suddenly had the refugees coming
in and this was advertised as the park
on route by the media now at the
beginning of this year sometime in
spring I watched a program on CNN where
there was a colleague on reporter
colleague on on a bus tour from Central
America towards T yeah
the US border and reporting from it and
advertising it kind of saying out is the
way to go to the United States of course
you can instigate that yeah and
obviously mr. Trump is facing this now
nice to see it is crying children and
parents being arrested and all that I
don't think that he wants to see that
but it's now in fact that they want to
carry him of a red tape like they did
with mrs. Merkel and it was the only two
times she only governed in the last 12
years verse one decision was was about a
financial crisis and she found billions
into banking banking systems aiding
banking systems the second decision she
made during her 12-year reign was in
2015 to say okay these people sleeping
on train stations they can come but
after that she must control and this is
why people are voting for four
right-wing parties and left us do make
the mistake especially enjoy
that they do not have an answer to these
sentiments of people we are able to take
many more refugees it's not a problem
because we are rich country but we have
to take care of the people who are
already in Germany first and then we can
say we can accept my character artist
but asylum should be always be separate
from that because there is no limit to
that that's a human right
you know John a lot has been said since
you last spoke there and I I can read
your mind this far away that more Europe
is not the solution a juxtaposition with
our friend Roland had to say go ahead
John yes I wanted to come back to that
point in response to the question you
asked about the economic rationale you
rightly put your finger on the paradox
that immigration is justified
economically because it keeps wages down
and gives the supply of cheap labor and
so on but that in reality of course many
of the migrants end up being out of work
and in any case there's a lot of youth
unemployment in Europe by asking that
question Peter you have highlighted the
point I made in my first answer namely
that the ideological reasons that I
referred to which are European are not
motivated by economic good sense we can
have a debate about whether or not you
need cheap labor Britain by the way is a
an economic model for that because
Britain has imported millions of
low-cost workers from Poland and Romania
since 2004 and we've seen the effects of
that on the economy an increase in GDP
and a collapse in productivity but
that's not what's driving the
immigration ideology it's it's precisely
not economic rationale it is instead an
ideology you know it's important to
recall that one of the founding fathers
of the European integration is richard
von could' who've kelloggi in 1925
called for the races of europe to be
mixed with other bloods for the european
race to be mixed with other bloods in
order to create a new european of the
future he had a sort of racialist view
except the other way round from the
Nazis he wanted racial mix 'ti racial
diversity
and this idea which he first published
in 1925 he's a big figure he was the
first president of the of the Council of
Europe for example this idea remains
alive today in the minds of European
leaders particularly incidentally German
ones Wolfgang Choi blur now president of
the Bundestag for many years the German
Minister of Finance said in an interview
indeed sight in 2016 that if we didn't
have migrants and we kept them out then
Europe would descend into incest he used
the word incest and similarly the German
president you are him gonk said that we
needed migrants to get rid of the idea
that meat being German means being white
and being Christian so there is a very
clear ideological drive here to inject
new populations into Europe in order to
change the structure of those
populations and that is part of the
European dream it's part of the post
National European budget goes very very
sorry
John that's why I say Europe is not the
other how would that make Europe better
I don't get it okay I travel through
Europe all the time I don't see it's
improving I see it's declining rapidly
go ahead yeah finish up John Peter Peter
the Bolshevik Revolution didn't make
Russia better but that didn't mean that
people didn't believe in it they
believed in it because it's an ideology
it's a post-national ideology which
these people want to implement by by
replacing the population in their crazy
minds that's what they're doing okay
roll in you know Italy has been here
very hard by this immigration crisis we
can use that word I mean shouldn't Italy
on its own be able to sign what happens
with inside its borders I mean why is it
waiting for Merkel why isn't waiting for
Brussels why is it waiting for this
summit that's gonna happen in the
weekend I mean Italy's a sovereign
country can't it should take care of its
people first particularly it's the
unemployment of its youth which is
critical right now go ahead rollin and
Italians have to decide for themselves
go ahead well I that is exactly what is
happening now after the last elections
of March 4
had the the biggest shift to the right
ever in post-world War two history in
Italy and in fact the new government is
blocking NGO ships saying they are not
democratically controlled the new
government is seeking the participation
of Spain
and is putting Merkel especially the
German Chancellor under strong pressure
to find a different solution the only
solution that is needed in Europe is to
control the outer borders we have to
retake control as European Council
President Donald Tusk of Poland stated
already in 2040 we have to regain
control over outer borders yeah what
about the I'm sorry roller what about
italy's borders what about italy's
borders isn't that the first thing you
should be thinking about first that's an
Italian yeah the sad thing is that in
this point you're absolutely right Italy
is forced to take control over its own
borders make more or less alone why I
give you the example from text which is
the official agency of border protection
in Europe is based in Warsaw and
features 404 collaborators to protect
the whole of the outer border of Europe
it has a total budget of 281 million
which is one hundredth of what Germany
alone spends per year for the refugees
which is a disproportion that cannot be
upheld just portion yeah that's an
understatement my friend that's an
understatement
okay wow that's amazing let me go to
Ralph here
I mean Ralph if we could put put aside
all the ideology and all the virtue
signaling what what some concrete things
to do in the United States I think there
should be built a wall then there won't
be any children torn from their parents
okay it won't happen what can Europe do
is a first step in your mind a practical
step well I I'm from West Berlin and I
know how it is to live on an island
surrounded by a wall and we don't want
to see walls anymore
but I understand that in the United
States it's a different story and of
course the wall that we had was to keep
people from fleeing from their country
not into a country so it's a bit
different of course to compare these two
walls generally I think there should be
better ways now we as Europeans we
should commonly discuss how we can make
life better in countries where migrants
have to leave the country because they
feel not safe the second point is we can
of course improve things in those
countries by renegotiating the EPA to
European partnership agreement with
Africa I've spent a lot of time now in
Africa at the moment and reading you
know we see that this route well Ralph
we're almost out of time but one thing
the West could do is stop bombing those
countries so these people won't flee
okay that would be a first good
practical step we've run out of time
gentlemen many thanks to my gifts in
Paris Bolton oh and regatta and thanks
to our viewers for watching us here at
RT see you next time and remember
crosstown rules
