a leaked google our briefing earlier
this week revealed how the internet
giant and others like Facebook and
Twitter are increasingly policing which
content stays online and which doesn't
and it seems they're wasting little time
Facebook has shut down hundreds of
accounts and pages it accuses of being
misleading Daniel Hawkins reports
fighting Russian BOTS and trolls
tackling fake news defending American
democracy from foreign meddling social
media giants have been at this for
months what is Facebook doing to prevent
foreign actors from interfering in u.s.
elections do you think we need
consistent privacy protections for
consumers across the entire internet
ecosystem have you heard of Total
Information Awareness you know I'm
talking about no I do not
okay would you be comfortable sharing
with us the name of the hotel you stayed
in last night
no this time though it's closer to home
more than 800 pages banned by Facebook
and these are not some fringe accounts
conspiracy peddlers or extremists some
of the pages have been around for years
and have millions of followers among
those to face the acts are pages
exposing alleged corruption state
surveillance and police brutality now
facebook have explained the pages broke
the rules engaging in spam and
inauthentic behavior something we've
heard before
what makes this purge different to
previous coals is that this is no secret
Kremlin bot operation as previously
alleged by the media some of the biggest
pages were run by Americans in America
for Americans
the accounts removed expressed the whole
spectrum of views both conservative and
liberal Pro and anti Trump and the page
owners are scathing our Facebook page
with over 2.1 million followers has been
unpublished along with 800 other pages
and accounts the purge of alt media is
upon us
I've been memory hauled from Facebook
three hundred and fifty thousand
followers poof gone there is a dangerous
precedent being set here where the big
tech companies have appointed themselves
as the gatekeepers of political thought
and opinion this intervention comes
ahead of crucial midterm elections in
the United States it's a sign of social
media giants waiting even further into
the minefield of free speech versus fake
news and it could be seen by many as a
sign of meddling in itself the
cofounders of the free thought project
the second biggest news have banned by
Facebook say this is a political move
and one that will cost a lot of people
their jobs
this is like a deathblow we Facebook was
a source of how we were able to get our
links out and and drive traffic to the
website and and we no longer have that
so it's a you know the few remaining
employees that we do have are you know
they're gonna be gone I mean in this 600
other pages they're gonna be going
through this as well you know so we're
talking thousands and thousands of
people now will be without work because
of this move I've been experiencing soft
censorship throttling everything you
name it we've been banned i've been
banned back to back 30-day bans multiple
times so facebook is slowly but surely
then trying to push us out and get our
ideologies the information that we're
putting out there even though it's based
in peace and liberty they're trying to
eradicate it from their platform it
threatens the status quo this is nothing
more than fake news Rob pawned by
Facebook with misleading statements
under the guise of trying to actually
clean up their platform quote by
removing stammers but this is nothing
more than political censorship and
trying to eradicate certain political
ideologies
you
