this 50-year old Volkswagen Beetle has
been driven by mr. Laros and his friend
cow from Brazil they've traveled through
half a dozen South American countries
before getting a ship over the ocean to
come here and enjoy the World Cup Nauru
is gonna take me for a drive I'm gonna
ask him some questions about his journey
let's go
when I was a little boy I asked my
father to take me to the World Cup in
Argentina which is pretty close to
Brazil and my father told me it was
impossible to get to our gen Tina in a
beetle it was in my childhood
ever since then I've dreamt about it a
lot so when I was 40 I bought a new
beetle and I started travelling all over
America in 2014 when the World Cup was
in Brazil Brazil lost to Germany 1 to 7
then lost to the Netherlands
0 to 3 just one goal in two games I told
my wife it was completely impossible for
Brazil to win that Cup so I thought
about going to Russia in the beetle my
wife said why not so we started
preparing for this trip in 2014 and here
we are in Russia in the 1968 beetle the
beetle travelled around 15,000
kilometers in a ship before that we'd
already done like 50,000 kilometers in
South America now it's going to be
another 10,000 kilometers through Russia
will go through st. Petersburg Moscow
sochi samara kazan and then st.
petersburg again and then we go to
moscow to the big final where surely
brazil will play well the weather here
in st. petersburg isn't quite as
tropical as it is in brazil but these
guys are on their way to watch the game
against Costa Rica and they'll be hoping
for a Brazilian victory good luck guys
you
