US Attorney General Jeff Sessions
created a firestorm when he justified
the policy of separating immigrant
children from their parents by invoking
a Bible passage from the book of Romans
I would cite you to the Apostle Paul and
his clear and wise command in Romans 13
- oh babe of the government because God
is obtain ordain the government for his
purposes the mainstream media had a
field day don't break God into this
first of all I don't think God picked
you because I don't worship Vladimir
Putin and the only thing in the Bible
close to this is a king threatening to
cut a baby in two and he was joking it's
not a law and also the Bible isn't a
government documents from a policy
perspective he might as well be citing
green eggs and ham saying we must keep
children in a box we must keep them with
a fox should we really be surprised
about biblical justification for
policies last year it was revealed that
the White House is holding weekly Bible
study classes the classes are led by
Ralph drollinger the founder of capital
ministries based in Washington DC
capital ministries has been operating
for over two decades preaching
evangelism to elected public servants
since our founding in 1996 our vision
has not changed to evangelize elected
officials and lead them toward maturity
in Christ it turns out that the man
advising the White House on matters
related to the Almighty is a former
basketball player with a bachelor's
degree in geography now he has no
background in public policy or political
science but he does offer his expertise
on spiritual matters to those in power
they are so teachable they're so noble
they're so learning like Jeff Sessions
he'll go out the same day I teach them
something else see him do it on camera
the list of officials who have
participated in Ralph's classes is
rather impressive
you've got Vice President Mike Pence
you've got Secretary of Education Betsy
DeVos you've got Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo and you've got energy secretary
Rick Perry all of them have sat down
with
to Ralph to learn about the good book
many Americans are horrified that
evangelical ministers are influencing
policy and even giving classes in the
White House they think why are these
religious Kooks influencing the fate of
the free world but there are Americans
who feel on the opposite that's the
problem with this country you people
have allowed religion to become a part
of political policies your religion I
don't care what it is has no business
being in government it's his prerogative
right is his own religion right there's
a freedom of religion that's why the
country is all based upon right freedom
so it's the president itis they see as
his rights as well believe in separation
of church and state I believe religion
should be kept separate from politics
having other presidents done that in the
past too I mean if they're religious
then they're allowed to do that as long
as it's not interfering with actual
governing Trump did come forward and put
a stop to the controversial family
separation policies he may have cooled
his critics on that but in the process
he seems to have opened up a new divide
a divided about his administration's
newly announced policy of invoking the
Bible to justify its decisions
Kalib Maupin RT New York
you
