oh hello there my name is Max Keiser
this is the Kaiser report the show that
bars no holds holds are no bard I'm not
what about Roseanne Barr I don't know
Stacy well you seem to have lost your
mind but you know what so has the u.s.
in general so maybe it's you've been
spending too much time there I have a
headline here from CNN that we haven't
been able to cover while we've been here
because you know we've had other stuff
but I love this headline as well Peter
Navarro says there's a special place in
hell for Justin Trudeau that is our
chief trade negotiator for Donald Trump
so it is quite interesting to call it an
ally there's a special place in hell for
him and I don't know if that was because
of his eyebrow falling down his face but
Peter Navarro has apologized for this
since then but yeah I'm not sure what
the big problem is with the Canadians I
mean we get the maple syrup and we get
the hockey players and they get the tar
sands I tell you what stop sending tar
sands to America and I'll be happy about
that because it's extremely dangerous
for people's health
I think Justin Trudeau did some sort of
special tar sands deal just recently as
well but nobody pays attention to them
because Trump is everything right but
that's what everybody's paying attention
to but I want to turn to another story
that I promised we would cover in the
last episode I said we would cover this
and this is finally sec frets about
share buybacks quote torrent of
corporate trading dominating the market
and short-term financial engineering
right after the company tells the market
the stock is cheap executives
overwhelmingly decide to sell that's the
headline and this is from Wall Street
calm but he's talking about an SEC study
and they find that basically all these
companies are doing is they announce
that they're gonna do a share buyback
that sends stock soaring and you know
what happens the insiders dump all their
shares fivefold increase from the week
before they'll start dumping their
shares and they some of them don't even
do the share buybacks because they don't
have to all they're interested in is
cashing out so it's a massive market
manipulation stock market manipulation
by insiders aided and abetted
by regulators like the SEC all the SEC
is doing here is CY you can look up on
Urban Dictionary what that means all
they're trying to do is cover their
tracks
so that when the lawsuits happen they
can say oh we were aware of it we warned
against it we're on top of it but they
are aiding and abetting the regulators
are captured the regulators are venal
the regulator's get payoffs ok they get
money from these guys and then they go
are they in the form of they leave the
government job they get a job in the
private sector and they get the big
payoff it's it's it's highly corrupt
isn't it like we've been saying for
years and they're taking it all private
and what's left is neo feudalism tar
sands so they announced a share buyback
to happen and the study found of these
like 385 companies that they looked at
that had announced share buybacks they
found abnormal returns those 30 days
afterward that's when they keep update
the executives start selling their
shares so in fact twice as many
companies have insider selling in the
eight days after a buyback announcements
a sell on an ordinary day so right after
the company tells the market that the
stock is cheap executives overwhelmingly
decide to sell explained SEC
Commissioner Robert Jackson jr.
appointed by President Trump and sworn
in earlier this year they tell the
market our share price is so cheap that
we think the best use of our money is to
buy back those shares because they're so
cheap well then the executive start
dumping it so the same executive she
said the share price is cheap to the
market are dumping their shares right
and the money that they used to buy back
their shares is borrowed money from
essentially the Fed ultimately that
charges them nothing to borrow that
money so you're literally printing money
in the form of the stock option
depreciation that goes up as the share
price is bought back and you are taking
capital out of the economy and then
there's nothing left for basic services
like health care so you have millions of
heroin addicts popping up all over
America because this Ron TA guys at the
top or just unjust breaking all this
money out of the economy with the help
of the
the SEC is participating in this if the
problem with crypto is that they're not
paying the SEC enough bribe money
hopefully that'll change soon enough he
points out that this isn't necessarily
illegal but he wonders whether or not
it's good for America and he says on too
many occasions companies doing buybacks
have failed to make the long-term
investments in innovation or their
workforce that our economy so badly
needs and because we have the SEC have
not reviewed our rules governing stock
buybacks in over a decade I worry
whether these rules can protect
investors workers and communities from
the torrent of corporate trading
dominating today's market what's the
holdup they haven't review their world
rules in a decade what are you doing ok
here's five bucks ok
hey Clayton here's $5 can can you please
rig the market for me to greedy little
punk their concern trolling they're
saying hey oh sure executives we're a
little bit concerned that we might have
to regulate you if you don't make if you
stop making it so obviously we're gonna
regulate you Wall Street maybe the smoke
bag some money I'm just stupid to get a
job at goldman sachs i had to be a
regulator and all the other regulators
so then he goes on to say executives
often claim that a buyback is the right
long-term strategy for the company and
they're not always wrong but if that's
the case they should want to hold the
stock over the long run not cash it out
once a buyback is announced if corporate
managers believe that buybacks are
indeed best for the company its workers
and its community they should put their
money where their mouth is so that's not
gonna happen and we've covered that it's
obviously corrupt we've pointed it out
and perhaps that's why the SEC is saying
hey you know executives watch out
obviously CNBC is not covering this fact
they're not pointing out that this is
corrupt and venal and a special place in
hell should be reserved for you just
like with a sitting alongside Justin
Trudeau no the Kaiser report NRT they're
pointing this out and we're going to be
in trouble people are complaining to us
you know Americans all across the
country should call the SEC today and
let them know that they there were
concerned about all these share buybacks
and that the the company executives are
cashing out at the expense of the
economy hell doesn't exist anymore
it bought back all of its shares and has
taken taken private by Jay Clayton and
the SEC so it's like you know cause also
some wouldn't exist unless there was
hell to go with heaven capitalism
shouldn't exist unless there's a penalty
for committing crimes so the SEC is
saying this is a special economy if you
commit massive fraud there's no crime
there's no criminal prosecution for you
as you know the former attorney general
of America said Eric Holder he said
these banks are above the law and we
questioned him I asked him this directly
in the airport in Washington I said do
you still agree that there's no law that
applies to bankers he's like the guy
should be flayed headline in the news
and again the theme of this show is
there's a special place in hell there's
a special place in how for Justin
Trudeau there's a special place in hell
for these executives dumping their
shares while announcing share buybacks
and there's a special place in however
UK ministers because UK security
minister proposes digital IDs to enforce
online civility Ben Wallach is Theresa
May security minister he has proposed
that the UK follow China's example and
require that any place providing
internet access use bank account
verification to affirmatively
identify all the people who use the
internet so they can be punished for
bullying the minister characterized this
as a choice between quote the Wild West
or a civilized society
he claimed that forcing people to
identify themselves before they speak
would end mob rule on the Internet
that's not like a BBC right they don't
have any free speech over there either
if you say anything that's against the
government they don't broadcast it I
know that from experience in the BBC the
government reviewed every single word
that went over the BBC our former ally
the United Kingdom I don't know if they
are anymore under trouble because we're
a nation of one out and here they are
saying that we want to we want to copy
China here we love China's social credit
score and we're gonna start kicking
people off the trains you want to take
the train to Edinburgh
you can't did I say that right I don't
know because you know there's a law
about how Americans are allowed to
pronounce Edda bruh
right Edinboro okay I'm gonna say it
Edinboro who cares let's see if they
bleep that in the UK and look I mean we
left the UK because it's a disgusting
horrible place full of bureaucrats that
would Knight their mother for a nickel
the house of parliament of the House of
Commons is that sick deranged cesspool
of idiots that I wouldn't want even hell
that we've been going through a special
place in hell called being on the
internet here in Europe because we
haven't been here for over a year and a
half we've arrived here in every single
freaking sight you have to keep on
clicking yes yes let me see it all the
stupid privacy stuff like you know we
know you track us you know you you're
following us we know in accessing the
Internet they're all tracking you if if
you wanted to have privacy the only way
to do it is to be like Richard Stallman
and if you've ever seen him use the
internet you have to be a freak you have
to be a geek you have to know how to do
that you can't do it you can't be
Richard Stallman we can't all be a
bridge to Stallman but here we don't
want to be kicked off trains and planes
and and public services just because
some bureaucrat doesn't like what we're
saying what if they don't like what
you're saying what if they find it rude
that you're pointing out well in fact
this this article from boing-boing
points out that in the UK where libel
laws favor the rich and powerful the
ability to speak anonymously has been
key to uncovering the historic sex abuse
scandal in which the most powerful
politicians and businessmen in Britain
were revealed to be rapists who preyed
on children women and men with total
impunity so if if this law were in
effect if they have a Chinese sort of
system any of those journalists that
were pointing out that you know the rich
and powerful were preying on these
children the Jimmy Savile 's of the
world memory it took a punk rocker who
got bleeped by the BBC by the way Johnny
Rotten or Sid Vicious one of those guys
pointed out that Jimmy Savile long ago
he pointed out thirty years ago remember
when Sid Vicious was still alive that
Jimmy Savile was a pedophile and they
had they bleeped it because of these
laws but now would Sid Vicious have been
kicked off public transport for saying
that you know all you need to know about
okay is that Jimmy Savile almost became
Prime Minister sure but he was
definitely becoming Prime Minister and
they would have replaced the the flag of
Britain with something to indicate that
necrophilia was okay as far as British
standards were concerned oh and speaking
of mispronouncing words are saying at
the American Way I did go to a Savile
Row once and I was asking directions I
said is this is this Savile Row the guy
said it is Savile Row right because you
speak to somebody in a class what an
accent that indicated that they spent a
lot of time in Oxford or Cambridge
getting professors so Ben Wallach again
he said that social media companies
should bear the cost of tracking the
identities of all their users real name
policies have proved to be a boon to
authoritarian rulers and Cambodia
dictator Hun Sen has embraced Facebook
creating a direct pipeline to Facebook's
real name compliance team that his
government uses to force critics to
reveal their real identities and then
they torture them and so just you know
this is what the UK wants let's stop
talking about the UK makes me puke just
to think about that why not go to the
state hell has a special place it's
called the UK go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to turn to Henry
Pico law of a streamer now first of all
Henry if I pronounce your last name
correctly yeah that was pretty close
yeah yeah okay fantastic is there a big
tech scene and start up staying in
Finland yeah indeed I know there's a
tech scene because you've got some huge
tech companies from Finland yes crypto
saying it's an engineering country for
sure the streamer project display based
on Switzerland because that's kind of
offers a better ecosystem for for doing
these blockchain projects but we still
have a big team of developers in Finland
including regulation yeah including
regulations governments position
currently about crypto do they have a
position is there much activity there
yeah I think they're kind of searching
for their view on things of course
Finland is part of the EU they have to
like wait for the yield you level
decisions on things and slowly that will
come down to the national legislation
and so on and Switzerland is not part of
the EU but still in the middle of Europe
they can be a little bit more agile in
supporting the kind of new technology
and creating an environment that can
support that
okay so streamer comm so it's s tream
r yeah when we were starting out we
couldn't afford the e the domain with
the e so we went with the mistyped
version 20 transceivers typing so it
says data done differently what does
that mean so what we're doing is we're
changing the way in which people and
organisations can share and monetize the
data that they're producing for example
when you use applications when you use
your mobile phone you're generating data
on your behavior that's currently going
to big companies who sell it to
advertisers right the same kind of
patterns appear elsewhere as well and we
want to change that we want to put the
end user back in control of their data
so that they could actually earn by you
using a service or enable an
organization that's producing data for
example let's say a factory to share
their data share their production
estimates for example to a nearby power
plant who finds that data valuable
because they can optimize their
operations in in preparation for the
demand for electricity from the factory
or you could say mmm let's say a smart
car a connected car you're driving
around while doing that your car can
measure things from the environment
maybe road condition data that's useful
to the road authorities or maybe cell
tower signal strength data that's useful
to the network operators so why we while
we live our lives and while
organizations conduct their businesses
they are generating data that's
potentially useful to others but this
opportunity is not being utilized today
in any way organizations are keeping the
data in a silo but by doing so they're
also placing a lid on the value of the
data and there's no sharing happening at
the moment because it's too difficult
for take a statement and you react to
the statement data is the new oil yeah
that's very accurate in many ways
because it needs to be transported needs
to be refined to be useful as an end
product it also needs to be transported
there's a long chain of things that need
to happen before it's useful and
streamer is a kind of platform for
refining the raw oil to something that's
valuable to an end customer ok so data
is a hot topic particularly in political
the terms because we've got a big
scandal with a company called Cambridge
analytic oh yeah right
they scrape data from social media
platforms and they're misusing the data
that it's being alleged that this data
was used to rig an election in America
in 2016 etc so how do you deal with the
fact that at the moment data has got a
PR problem that you know if I can put it
in those terms yeah you can and I'd like
to make that more specific
centralized data has a PR problem right
it's something that's out of control of
the end-user people are giving away
their data for free to Facebook other
big companies Google who are kind of
taking advantage for that and but of
course that's their business model that
is actually the current and only
business model of free services on the
Internet
could that be changed could we put the
person the source of the data back in
control so that they could decide who
gets access to the data how it gets
monetized maybe they earn a share of
that all this is possible with
technology but it hasn't been possible
in the previous generation products
here's a question which you probably
don't know the answer to this question
but I'll ask the question anyway you
know it's been estimated that the value
of a human being if you were to sell the
organs
yeah the liver the kidney the brain you
know to harvest the organs yeah it's
worth something like a 200 bucks I mean
the kidney now is worth more so let's
say it's 240 bucks you know the the
break-up value of a human yeah done an
analysis or a study - just so much too
much data because the data is like I'm
driving that's data I'm interacting with
my refridgerator yeah that's data cuz
the refrigerator just raised all that
data is there any estimate about how
much value potentially my data body is
generating and just comment on that I
guess yeah holy I haven't thought about
that I mean it's probably more than the
value of your organs for sure I mean not
just the your body is generating but all
your actions what they are the products
you use the car you drive where you
drive everything that can be measured
like all the actions of a human being
combined is certainly worth much more
than 200 bucks okay so but you're over
there streamer so I would take it that
you are trying to create a firewall
between the individuals data in the
world yeah so that I have possession and
control of my data exactly right now
everything
Sall together with my skin if I my skin
was gone I would be just a burger
glowing burgling pile of organs and
blood and plasma right so okay if you
create a data firewall and I am
generating it I cannot help but generate
data yeah because I interact with the
world right yeah so you are protecting
me or not protecting me protagonist
person yeah that's firewall is called
encryption basically and what we can do
in the streamer network is have
end-to-end encryption so when you
produce the data gets encrypted you
control who can access that you might
sell that access for a fee right like
you you pay me you get access to my data
this can happen at scale where the users
of a device like a phone for example
millions of people could put their data
until the same pool that was the
companies like Facebook that rely on
free data there is their business panel
challenge then yeah it is for sure maybe
then there will be alternatives what if
there was a like Facebook Facebook 2.0
that allows their users to earn money by
using that software I mean that would be
amazing
probably people would actually actually
switch over or if you're buying a phone
there's two phones one of them allows
you to earn money by using the phone and
the other one is just a regular phone
which one do you buy if they're
otherwise similar of course you buy the
one that enables you that empowers you
to control your data and monetize your
data in northern Europe of which Finland
is part of they have like mixed
economies socialism capitalism is kind
of a mix right so but the state's pretty
big in the state's get got a lot of
benefits up there in northern Europe
education health it's like a real nice
place you know cuz you can't be left on
the street because you just happened to
break your arm you're not gonna be
abandoned by society and it'll turn into
like in America we've got a whole leper
colonies forty million in a leper colony
in San Francisco now it's amazing but
the point of my question is that it
comes back to something called universal
basic income fact is everyone is
valuable their data's value yeah right
so let's say I don't work but if I can
still jump still data rich and if I can
if I get a thousand to 2,000 a month
just my encrypted data and selling it
selectively isn't that kind of a similar
idea yeah there could be states or
governments where where the citizens are
offered a basic income based on the data
that they generate not sure if it would
be enough for a living right could there
be professional data generator could
there be I think not
I think it wouldn't be enough for for a
decent living you know okay what
streamer is kind of like in that
business so it it definitely works on
the individual level right so
individuals are your users yeah
organizations machines as well I mean
this enables machine to machine humans
are transient I mean we will be replaced
by hybrid server machine it will take
some time as humans
so for a second that humans have a
future I'll make that assumption okay so
you say it's for individuals and
corporations and so for example there's
a huge corporation and I have ten
thousand employees and is that what am I
going in the right path I mean so we're
not it's not really about the employees
I mean organizations as organizations
conduct as as part of the business they
do they collect data they they generate
data they make measurements of the
environment I mean there are satellites
circling the earth and measuring how
many cars there are on Walmart parking
lot right and this data is valuable to
to both Walmart and some traders who are
speculating on the stock price and so on
so the imagination of the data
collectors is the limit of what kind of
use cases can emerge if we enable this
free-for-all no one taking a car trade
data and secondary human data so in
other words I Drive my car onto a
parking lot and I walk away but a
satellite is capturing that data about
the car that's not the primary data from
the human that's the signal it's a
tertiary activity of yeah generates
light right right it's a byproduct of me
as a yeah so the organization collects
all this car the organization is an
environmental organization they want to
track cars they can track the cars yeah
and then that's the organization
organization level enterprise level
collection of data
yeah or think about kind of
crowdsourcing of data for example an
individual could host a pollution sensor
on the roof of their of their house
right and sell that data as part of a
larger group of people doing the same to
an organization maybe a smart city and
some maybe a health organization
interested in how much pollution there
is in the you know I could put a Mont I
can stick a monitor in my arm that
tracks my glucose levels yeah man I can
sell that data yeah I can sell that to a
medical company right maybe you could
share that to your doctor for free
because your incentive wise to do so
right so so there's and there's almost
no limit you see a data collection is
there we only have a few seconds left
but is there any risk that the data
would fuel the robot uprising I mean
you're just playing into their hands
aren't you I mean that's what they're
looking for
it's the oil refinery chain the same
thing a eyes can participate in this
chain by making the data more valuable
all right we'll assume the best-case
scenario we have to go Henry
peak koloff's dreamer thank you thank
you very much right that's gonna do it
for this edition of the Kaiser report
with me Max Keiser Stacy Herbert like to
thank our guest Henry piccola a streamer
if you want to catch us on twitter it's
Kaiser report until next time bye y'all
