Reynaldo Adam Casas Cristiano Ronaldo is
unique he's an international image for
Portugal he is unique and unique for us
Portuguese the Moroccan national team
played very well quickly vigorously the
players were in very good physical shape
so it's difficult for Portugal to play
against them but Cristiano scored
goalkeeper Patricio played very well
helped out in difficult situations we
can say that there are no easy teams in
the championship all the teams are very
good opportunity to talk to the players
what did you say to them they choked the
game against Iran will be even more
difficult because they already have
three points they played very well
against Spain they have a very good
coach so Portugal needs to gather
strength to win not play for a draw
although a draw is also not bad yet even
what Portuguese people will come to
Russia because this is a unique
opportunity other cool matches will be
played the weather here is very
comfortable this is a great chance for
tourists in an opportunity for the
Portuguese to support their team
you
