it was a holiday and we wanted to go out
we called the pool in Kiryat gat and
they said we can come but when we got
there someone went out of the office and
told us that no one can get inside today
except for the residents of Kiryat gat
young people who were in front of us
Arabs as well said what do you mean you
said we could come in why are you saying
no now and I realized that this all
happened just at the time when my wife
with her headscarf came in that was the
moment when he decided not to let anyone
in for 11 years I've been working on
different projects bringing together
Jews and Arabs aimed at creating
conditions for our joint life here for
our future I don't understand why they
make a difference between Jews and Arabs
we're all children of Adam yes we have
different religions but we are all
people I was so upset when they didn't
let us in I felt that it was racist I
felt that we Arabs are a minority here
we're outcasts we contacted the pool
authorities if they haven't responded
quite yet though there is a similar case
in the small Israeli village of mAb um
the public swimming pool there allegedly
has an undeclared ruled of separate
hours for Jews and for Bedouin 's
Israeli MPs have already called for the
practice to be ended as it's an
anti-discrimination law locals they were
divided over whether such a policy is
right it shouldn't be like this and I
think this swimming pool should be
boycott and no one needs to go to the
swimming pool
if the boss separated the time is equal
for both of the sides I think it's quite
okay this area has many people living in
here and this is very very long to tell
people what they should do and shouldn't
do people need to live freely without
anyone telling them when and where they
need to go or they can go if there is
violence between the Jews in the
business the separation is
the Machop M Regional Council told us
that it's the better ones who have asked
for separate hours blaming them for the
tensions it also says the request was
made on religious grounds
you
