shortly before the u.s. announced its
withdrawal from the council the
international body denounced
Washington's new policy on immigration
control which has seen children being
separated from their parents on Sunday
the investigative nonprofit organization
in ProPublica published audio of what it
claims were children crying in a
detention facility run by US Customs and
Border Protection
and the audio has added fuel to the fire
of ongoing criticism leveled at the new
migration policy Congrats the separation
policy that you sold to your boss mr.
Trump will result in images that will
crater you both we will ensure you will
never escape them in your freshest zeal
he forgot that mothers are mothers first
regardless of their politics Trump has a
monstrous policy of holding children
hostage to build his unfeasible wall
that he promised Mexico was going to pay
for his political negotiation tactic is
to literally torture children who are
trying to escape violence and abuse
already what's happening to families at
the border is horrific nursing infants
being ripped away from their mothers
parents being told their toddlers are
being taken to bathe or play only to
realize hours later they aren't coming
back this is a moral and humanitarian
crisis introduced in April the so-called
zero tolerance policy on illegal border
crossings means children whose parents
are charged with illegal entry are
separated from them and held in special
facilities over the last six weeks alone
over 2,000 children have been placed
inside those detention centers despite a
public outcry the White House has
defended its tough stance on illegal
immigration the United States will not
be a migrant camp and it will not be a
refugee holding facility won't be this
administration did not create a policy
of separating families at the border we
have a statutory responsibility that we
take seriously to protect alien children
from human smuggling trafficking and
other criminal actions while enforcing
our immigration laws we will separate
those who claim to be a parent and child
if we cannot determine a familiar or
custo relationship exists parents who
entered illegally are by definition
criminals illegal entry is a crime as
determined by Congress by entering our
country illegally often a dangerous
circumstance
illegal immigrants had put their
children at risk at the lore on
separating children from parents charged
with immigration offenses was actually
in place during Obama's tenure though
its enforcement was much rarer back then
earlier my colleague Madeira Tudor got
reaction from both sides of the argument
first of all it's not true that all
these people are arrested for just
crossing the border they were arrested
for illegally crossing the border there
are points of entry where they could
come and seek political asylum but these
these people if in fact they are
families and not you know sex
traffickers or others who come with
children elect to break the US law by
entering and crashing the border
illegally it despite the fact that
they're looking for a better life surely
they know the risks involved and that
might be that they are separated from
their children if they go in illegally
even if they're doing it legally which
often times just a racism that you hear
from people like Trump and people like
my debate counterpart here in case of
these people come into the United States
it's not quite as simple as just having
to meet specific points of entry people
are fleeing incredible violence and
they're coming here you know to try to
seek political asylum man I don't
understand how in any way that justifies
taking their kids away into court in the
family and we are see Trump take
advantage of this and turn this into a
twisted sadistic kind of policy and
really fueling his political base I'm
glad he's getting a speech in and called
me a racist which I'm not surprised it
doesn't anger me I wouldn't expect
anything else from a leftist who has no
facts and throws out the racist word
without even knowing who I am and
nothing I said was racist but that aside
do you know there's a 300% increase in
kids coming to this country presented
with an adult who turn out to be sex
traffickers or or a pedophiles or others
were not their parents and by the way
I'm sure you were as outraged sir when
Barack Obama did virtually the same
thing in fact deported Mexican children
back to Mexico without their parents
knowledge where was the outrage when
that was going on where was the outrage
when he sent children all over the
country when they entered this country
illegally with their parents I didn't
hear a peep out of people like you on
the Left this is nothing more than an
attempt to villainize Donald Trump we're
a country of laws if these parents
choose to put their kids at risk by
breaking the law they're gonna suffer
the consequences and the American people
are fine with that
not all Democrats are the same there
there's plenty of criticism to give to
what Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton at
State Department did to immigrants that
were here my entire life
hearing the kind of rhetoric and dog
whistles from racists like Donald Trump
and yourself I mean I think what's
what's happening I'd like to give you
one again me one example of how I'm a
racist well the kind of narrative that
you're creating to try to false acts
that you're putting out there and kind
of say that'll show debate that's right
sis art you're using a very particular
propaganda tool to try to create a
generalization that is racist obey the
law imagine that imagine that yeah well
at one time people owned slaves now as a
law as well I'm sure there's plenty
model in this country slavery and use
the menu to pitch racism
you
