raishin in samara region and certainly
that will be of interest to our foreign
guests because we do need to give you
some ideas about the potential of the
samara region i've been to many places
in here and i could say through my first
witness account that it is a wonderful
place as you know the government of
Samara attracting investments and
looking for foreign partners to
implement large-scale projects in the
region by enhancing its climate for
investors for businessmen working with
international organizations and
companies and full compliance with the
foreign policy concept approved by the
President of Russia and in full
compliance with the legislation of the
country the recommendations of the
administration of the presidents and
Minister of Foreign Affairs
Samara is a constant constant but
foreign partners for changes for
official visits conducting face
exhibitions conferences presentations
which involves both members of the local
governments and municipal authorities
and also I would like to say that there
is a number of tracks in which the
Samara region is working currently first
the region is cooperating with the BRICS
countries we CIS countries the EU
countries and the last but not least and
often South America countries also the
region of Samara works with foreign
partners free and network of
international into regional cooperation
tracks and it also some our region is
proactive when it comes to working with
the region of Samara have signed
agreements with a number of regions
other countries Gravatt province leonine
province china canton we work the Swiss
Confederation the Hungarian Republic
Poland
Kazakhstan two regions of Kazakhstan one
state away India you cannot occur state
Bulgaria Czechia Santa Catarina in
Brazil again two provinces of China the
citron and ginseng as well as nashit el
Canton which is the Swiss Confederation
also a number of other bilateral
documents have been signed which
regulate cooperation government is to
sign agreement with the Western
Kurdistan province on cooperation in the
fields of economy trade Science and
Technology is currently also the forces
are working on a new agreement which
would be signed at the 15th form of
inter-regional cooperation between
Russia and Kazakhstan so these are the
plans we should measure the plans we
should never forget about the potential
with lies there in the future
as I said earlier the potential is a
huge there is much more opportunities to
tap into also there are some negative
tendencies unfortunately maybe not all
of you are aware but Poland decided to
severe the ties with one of the its
provinces and the region of Samara we
can only element that nothing more than
that because we have all the necessary
opportunities to cooperate but there is
no cooperation however the positive
tendencies prevail in February 2018 a
delegation from the Belarus Republic
visited Samara headed by ambassador
extraordinary and plenipotentiary it was
agreed to cooperate in the field of
transportation miscible facilities
health care also they discussed many
other projects and the fifth will
discuss many projects at the faith forum
of russian and belarus regions signing
in a whole package of documents from
cooperation and partnership trade and
economic cooperation as well as
Unitarian cooperation is somewhat on the
rise when it comes to
Samarra and some provinces of China
along the Yangtze River it's a good
opportunity for our Western colleagues
to see what kind of cooperation might be
established with Russian regions on the
example of Samara Samara is very much
active when it comes to our neighbours
in cooperation with other provinces and
regions in the nearby countries as we
you know Samara is deliberating over
assigning a number of contracts with
Beijing and soon Singh cities as well as
cooperation between the government of
Samara and the People's Government of
the Hunan province Samara works to
deepen the ties with France Germany
Czechia which are one of the most
important trade partners for the region
and that cooperation is facilitated by
the Russian Foreign Ministry embassies
of the Bob mentioned countries and
certainly the government of the Russian
Federation throughout the last year
Samara has been very active and working
with France the delegation of Samara
visit range in April 2015 to talk about
cooperation in different fields and
space between the Samara region and the
champagne-ardenne region a protocol of
intention was signed also the Champaign
yard and region delegation visited
Samara in May also to participate in the
17th anniversary celebration of the
victory in the Second World War in 2016
a bigger eastern region was created and
that kind of space where Samara occupies
the supreme place cooperating with other
regions including foreign regions with
which tomorrow is in constant contact in
2017 after a long pause which on one
hand something lamentable I mean the
poor would but on the other hand it's
good to see that there is a renewal of
contact between Samara and Czechia a
delegation from the slain region visited
Samara with its governor usually tunic
it was seconded by a number of
businessman similar Wizards took place
in great numbers before and after that
and the cooperation is not going to
subside
if Germany was Switzerland and just a
couple of words about the cooperation of
Samara with other regions in the field
of humanitarian affairs as we know
Samara is very active in dr. D changes
with universities of China Germany they
cooperate in terms of the level work and
research activities enhancing their
methodologically and technological
cooperation which comes to students
working with high-tech equipment of
Russian produce and of international
trade use this is a very positive
experience it just goes to show the
successful implementation of national
policy for cooperation as I said earlier
one of the cities its seas members of
different ethnic groups and that has
been the case for sanctuaries and every
ethnic group preserves its identity its
culture cherish in its history and at
the same time moving forward into the
future together with other groups living
side by side that is the positive
experience we can share and that is the
experience with a pin - it comes to
supporting regional cultural movements
and organizations for instance the state
program of Samara region for culture the
after 2020 government of Samara decided
to hold a bid to finance non-government
organization which work in the field of
preserving and developing national
identities of ethnic groups in the
region of Samara and these days in the
village now Chantelle and people were
asking me asking me real hard to turn
the attention towards their cultural
center
cheese as they think and I should say I
agree totally needs some repair so a lot
of events have been conducted last year
for instance there were over 40 events
with countries of near and far growth
and just wrapping up this topic of
cultural and economic cooperation of the
region of Samara I would like to say
that when I was going back from this
trip NIOSH Angela village driving free
koshkin ordinary Santa I sold the sports
Santa right there I couldn't say it's a
huge facility but it is a huge Santa
which was constructed back in 2016 it
was constructed very fast less than one
year and thanks to the coil it was made
Aspen I was amazed I think because even
major cities sometimes don't have such
facilities such centers for sports they
have their own field for many football
for a hockey for everything it was you
know completely by chance who decided to
visit it it wasn't pre-planned in any
way and I could see with my own eyes
children preparing for the artistic
figure skiing contests and to my mind
this is a wonderful place wonderful
Santa they also showed me something they
are very much proud of that is the
t-shirt of Vitesse off' with his
signature on it and they say that the
dream of all people there to see forty
serve in the flesh and I would like to
render that invitation to him and he
promises to come as I know maybe in July
or later on he will visit this place and
their dream will come true now turning
to the messages were being receiving
regarding the work of the regional press
centers and the journalists who cover
the World Cup in Russia
I would like to say that there is a
truly high interest we've been receiving
many requests to extend the application
period and we are doing just that we are
standing the application period for
world cup accreditations to City breast
centers which will be having the
deadline of the 11th of July so until
then you can request it and get your
accreditation so far we received our
over 10,500 requests over 3,000 of those
were received from abroad I'd like to
remind you that the city centers are
meant exclusively for the mass media who
don't have the official fee for
accreditation as well as for independent
journalists bloggers who would like to
conduct their professional activities on
the territory of the Russian Federation
when covering the events of the World
Cup again reminding you though it has
been circulated before with such breast
cancers located in every city hosting
the matches of the World Cup these
presenters they witness a number of
various events such as press conferences
excursions tools presentations and many
others as well as I was told our
briefing is being broadcast to every
press centre that's right yeah that's
right so using this opportunity I'd like
to say hello to every press centre and
every journalist I send you my regards
right from Samara and I can only be glad
to be doing that and I think you support
me in that that's for the accreditation
procedure you can familiarize yourself
with every detail with every piece of
information in that sense on the website
of the ministry and the football media
centers again a couple of words about
the coverage of the World Cup on our
side you know Sabae vodka the goalscorer
just all he can when I woke up I
I should say my I've lost my voice this
morning because I was cheering for our
national team so hard just the evening
before that and again using some
portunity I'd like to say that I always
stand for fair play for good footballers
and when my team plays I always
supported wherever it goes and the kind
of atmosphere we saw yesterday it was
fantastic we all every people every
person says that the cities which host
the World Cup are living through a new
stage of reviving vibrant atmosphere for
fans and for everyone I think I think
you can feel it too when we read about
ourselves in foreign newspapers
foreignness media we sometimes cannot
but ask ourselves a question do we live
in the same period of time are we living
the same days because last conference we
talked about the atmosphere we had and
now we have more and more witnesses to
the fact that the World Cup is a success
and we are glad to say that we have over
2 million fans in Russia or coming to
Russia in the upcoming days so I'm
confident it's not hope it's confidence
that they will really enjoy it here and
we'll get back home with the best most
pleasant emotions which will receive
seeing the high level top level denies
ation of the World Cup yesterday when I
saw the game of national teams in st.
Petersburg the very stadium which as
some mass media used to say couldn't be
real well it was more than real what was
there and again many mass media sources
started the room of that it is not real
at a certain point
perfectly real and again I really
enjoyed it I really enjoyed the matches
there and that Stadium the only thing
that is lacking is the green grass the
original green grass but it's just
because it didn't have enough time to
grow on its own so they have the
artificial grass coverage for the field
let's find it's very beautiful there so
I in a way and view those who will be
there tomorrow some millions of people
are watching it live every match every
game following every step of the
footballers and we are grateful to those
journalists and mass media who cover the
van's bonus video giving you the
opportunity to taste the atmosphere
surrounding the games everything that
was needed and that is needed for the
successful organization work of the
facilities for the World Cup has been
done in do you time in do you man I'd
like to thank everyone who was involved
making that happen I'd like to thank
merciiessiy moon just as well because
they are organizing the work of press
santa's accommodating every journalist
buy from russia and abroad a couple of
quotes I'd like to give you the CNN the
US Channel they said that the producer
of the ceremony certainly produced a
success feeling the opening ceremony
where the number of wonderful moves and
Sun the Sun British newspaper said that
the Russian opera singer and the British
singer was certainly the blast and some
of them were paying attention and
respecting the preparations done at the
facilities and stadiums as well as the
city's welcoming every fan Guardian says
that Russia is a perfect place for a
World Cup for the world World Cup 2018
also they say that
English fans certainly going to change
their opinion about Russia will be
enjoying it
they've been spooked by the Russian
ultras but they are not fighting them
they are hugging them and cheering up
together so you see that is 100%
Brotherhood of fans of football lovers
in Moscow and other cities of Russia the
fans dancing and hugging each other but
I hope no one will say later on but it
is sometimes of the capoeira practice
but certainly there is not only this
some tend to have a negative narrative
but this is somewhat you know ridiculous
to my mind for instance the foreign
secretary of Great Britain Lois Johnson
he failed his article with some
negativity towards Russian and the World
Cup and such articles well we see a lot
of them but mr. Johnson please don't be
such a hyper regal person if you are
into politics just be into politics you
are not a friend of Russia
okay that's fine let's take State
Department they didn't have the courage
to abandon the Cold War logics and
unfortunately that is the kind of
framework they will be working in for
years
I'm not going to come out every
statement they make every spooky new
horror they side but the fans coming
from these cities and these countries
stay in Russia now and they all join it
very much and even though some of the
national team's failed to come to the
World Cups the fans from these countries
will be coming here and they are here
and they will come back enjoying their
state and the state department leaves
and the home office the office of Great
Britain they seem to be living in a
different kind of world in a parallel
world lately
we've been seeing a lot of articles
which cannot but produces smile on the
part of even the residents of their own
countries for instance let's quote the
BBC they published a story which sold
words that the LGBT community who decide
to go to Russia will be facing a
challenge because that visit can lead to
catastrophic consequences and that is
just absurd and the head of the u.s.
counterintelligence service again try to
be very original in his statements and
he said that he cannot advise British
fans to take the phones with them you
know it is a plain judgment that on
their own experience because when you
take a phone being abroad in the US or
UK you you look at your phone and see it
living its own lives so if you wiretap
the phones of your foreign guests it
doesn't mean that everyone else just the
same thing so one of the first places is
occupied by the belt this article
published on the 15th of June the next
day after the opening ceremony so the
article called the voice of the true
Russia that article tells about one of
the Russians cancer patients trying to
survive that battle and you know that is
what these are speculations they are
using this case as a way of dramatizing
the events surrounding the World Cup
they put that in the category of the
World Cup and that is simply outrageous
and non-professional one more thing
which surprised me I couldn't believe it
at first and I asked our specialist who
know German to read it and it says that
article it says
there is a German notions such as
mentioned Freud life that's German word
it has no analogues in Russian and it
has no concepts in Russian which would
be similar but before coming to that I
would like to recommend you're reading
most basic Russian German dictionary
maybe an online one maybe you could go
to the library to get some Russian
language has the translation for this
concept and it's as also a number of
synonyms which means hospitable humane
human loving so you see when working on
that article about the World Cup in
Russia the German journalists who wrote
it were lying to their audience saying
that the Russian minds cannot fathom
such concepts as hospitality human
loving or anything else that is just too
much over the roof
I'm sure that the German fans when
coming back after the World Cup will
tell those journalists their first-hand
experience they will tell all this will
have seen in Russian that will be fair
that will be a very nice thing to do and
all this anti-russian narrative and
injections just point out to the fact
that the journalists are not adhering to
their professional standards so we see a
number of outrageous examples but they
cannot cast the shadow over the
Magnificent event we are witnessing the
World Cup and the people from here they
experience speaks for itself one of the
fans said I don't know if all the words
are you know suitable for this kind of
formal but still that's one of the fans
saying we cannot see any more people
saying it's something about the looming
danger if you
are expecting no danger no challenge
you'll see nuns so I wish every fan
every player success and a lot of
enjoyment again into that track I would
like to add one more interesting project
which is work conducted as part of the
guestroom map of Russia that is a
project which is dedicated to the World
Cup exclusively to the World Cup and
this project has been conducted by the
federal tourism urgency in cooperation
write an export centre with support of
the Russian agricultural industry
ministries Minister of Foreign Affairs
of the Russian Federation restauranteurs
and many others involved in the business
of restaurants and food this project is
meant to popularize our culture to
familiarize people with our dishes also
promoting awareness of what people eat
in Russia given the taste of our
national foods eleven food trucks
special vehicles constructed by one of
our manufacturers exclusively for this
project are going to circulate around
the country from place to place cooking
for the people the dishes of every
almost every Russian cuisine
representing most of the regions of
Russia so these vehicles have been
created ad hoc for the project and
inside every vehicle they have bakeries
confectionaries tea houses with bread
houses and every other thing o depending
on the kind of cuisine this of that food
track represents during the two first
festivals in Sochi and rostov-on-don
chefs and creators of the best street
food projects for street food of giving
in the foreign in russian fans the puget
days many pies with more than without
fillings such as chicken pies open-top
pies mussels fried goat fish and every
other dicey thing including lamb pickled
grapes red onions and one of these
specialties I never knew to really exist
it's called the novelist things asked
ago so again on top of that there were
millet and cakes and some of the data
dishes as you probably know some of the
people who are involved in the project
are the young contemporary chefs of
Russia and they are ready to show our
fans our guests the many facets of our
cuisine of the Russian cuisine which is
so different all that is happening with
the slogan welcome to the football cap
and the number of companies and involved
in the project probably you know that
this project the gastronomy map of
Russia will be taking place between 14th
through July 15 and that care of one of
eleven food trucks is called just right
after the cities hosting the World Cup
games so every food truck has the name
of a city it will be coming from the was
going to the Western point Russia
Kaliningrad the overall mileage will be
above 10,000 kilometers giving people on
the way the taste of the Russian cuisine
once again I'd like to say that the team
of chefs cooks includes people from
various regions and that kind of Street
food festival will be giving everyone
about unity taste every regions national
cuisine
that's for the calendar of the events
well of the 21st of June the festival
will come Tunisia Novgorod and the new
embarkment of the city on the 28th of
June will visit Kaliningrad then it will
go to Kazan and Sirhan's come the 8th of
July then Samara death of July the 14th
of July it will come to st. Petersburg
the working hours are 12 a.m. free
well B M now we go over to other
category so our press briefings not that
cool but they are still important and
this is the schedule of Russian Foreign
Minister on June 23rd Sergey Lavrov will
meet with deputy foreign minister of
Belgium who will be visiting Moscow it
will be a private visit because he'll be
visiting the World Cup games The
ministers will talk about the bilateral
relations considering all the agreements
that have been reached during the
official visit of Belgian prime minister
in 2018 now Belgium is a member of the
UN security member in 2019 and 2020 so
they will exchange ideas on how we
cooperate within the UN Security
countries disciples also describe
important issues of the international
agenda including Syria Ukraine and the
problems between Russia and NATO now
about the situation the current
situation in Syria this there is a
difficult combination of positive and
negative factors we've been informing
about that so as you see the 90% of
people are living in the western part of
the country and the
life there is coming to normal I mean
the newly liberated regions and
provinces near Damascus and the roads
have been cleared of the debris the
water supply has been reconstructed the
money has been allocated to reconstruct
hospitals housing and do mine in other
cities in the Homs province the first
rescue and commissioning operation have
been already completed to kick-start the
high-voltage energy supply lines with
the transfer major facilities to give
the electricity to every house you know
what is interesting I give detailed
information every time information
received from our experts of the foreign
ministry and the specialists from other
ministries mr. of Defense and others
giving you the idea of how the life is
coming to normal in Syria the help of
Russia including so how many foreign
ministries of the world their
representatives their employees provide
information about the reconstruction of
the country which has been humiliated by
the international community for many
years how many examples are we aware
what about the bakeries what about the
electricity generations generators
supply to schools or anything they
provide no details they say one thing
where we will draw our forces what a
bomb this of that location that is
another testimony to the fact that the
approaches and attitudes of our
countries are very different I wish they
were the same or at least similar when
it comes to reconstruct in Syria because
to us it just shows that it is the
resolution of the crisis in Syria and
the endpoint of it will be the
reconstruction and full of the life in
Syria as it is so for instance the
railroad transportation and
action has been renewed it's been
suspended for over seven years it now is
working between Tartars and homes in the
South in the province of surveyed the
last remnants of the ISIS have been
eradicated in the province of Deer
resort the overall area of two thousand
square meters have been liberated
recently however from the 17th 18th of
June the positions of the Syrian forces
and their allies from the Iraqi forces
and the hospital of forces to the east
of the I became a city so a massive
airstrike coming on their hands dozens
of those who've been courageously
fighting the ISIS have been killed by
that airstrike the US military say that
the coalition led by the United States
have nothing to do with that bombing the
same time the ongoing unlawful illegal
presence of these coalition forces are
violating the sovereignty of Syria
opening the doors for anyone who would
like to create their own Santa's afore
was in Syria implemented their own
agendas having the opportunity and power
to do that that has nothing to do with
the helping Syria because they might be
willing to claim back what they lost
when losing on the ground and the
terrorists they see this situation as a
hope to come back to chaos and regaining
the position they lost to the Syrian
army in that atmosphere what we need is
to move towards political resolution
based upon the resolution 2254 the old
Security Council and the out course of
the Syrian National Dialogue Congress in
Sochi which stipulated the sovereignty
of Syria should be maintained as well as
territorial integrity or word Russia
applies every effort to be in contact
with the
the partners within the asana for modern
other countries another issue such as
the UN including the opposition
governmental forces as for the real
needs of serious people civilians
children women they have many needs but
what is the exact sources to which the
u.s. money go they decided to resume
financing white helmets the organization
that I have to direct here there's no
trust they lost all our trust these guys
give a bad name to all humanitarian NGOs
working in the region the staged videos
and the staged events themselves and the
order has already been paid for there's
going to be a multi-million donation to
the white helmets it is especially
instrument in the propaganda war a few
years ago we felt like somebody was
using them but now we know and
understand we have all the facts that
they were created from the beginning in
order to conduct their provocative
missions and it was a mission against
the Syrian government in regular
citizens of Syria and other countries
that helped fight against international
terrorism I don't have any official
numbers I've seen some information in
the media I think it's like tens of
millions of dollars that they will
receive so the country this country
basically needs some basic
infrastructure some basic civilian
infrastructure clean water healthcare
schools educational system roads
transportation instead of using this
money to restore the
fruss truck sure they are sending them
to the people who for many years now
have been staging attacks and things
like that and also about money
what the Syrian people are suffering
from and I know about that not only from
our expert experts and the negotiations
between official parties I know because
I am in communication with the people
there Syrian citizens come to Russia
Syrian children come to Russian
hospitals I talk to Syrian journalists
they share everything their families a
lot of families between Syrians and
Russians but marriages between series
and Russians and they share everything
the country is has gone through a
nightmare and there still we still don't
even fathom what actually happened so
tens of millions to fund the white
helmets the latest fake videos that they
produced showed the whole world that
regular Syrians are ready to participate
in these staged videos this these
scripted films for just a meal just one
meal for an opportunity to be in a safe
place during some bombing for a request
to help treat children medically and
they can do anything for that and we can
understand them because the war has been
going on for a few years now can you
imagine what can be done with tens of
millions of dollars this is the essence
of their policies
we know that we are convinced and we
know for sure that the white helmets
staff have connections with terrorist
organizations in Syria chapada nusra for
example and this information is
supported by international journalists
visited Syria not just the Russian
journals but also Western ones but
unfortunately this information is
ignored in the West it's just
contradicts the party lines they keep
saying that Assad has to go
on April 26 Russia had a briefing in The
Hague exposing the staged chemical
attacks in duma syrians were present at
this forum the ones who actually
participated in the staging so we were
able to show that these were staged
attacks and people were filmed and
agreed to be filmed in those videos just
for food and shelter the new trance the
new fire funding that the white helmets
are getting means that there will be
more fake news about the syrian
government using chemical weapons
against civilians
of course we are getting signals that
these provocations are being prepared
and if we receive information concrete
facts we will try to warn everybody
about this and try to prevent them from
happening now the situation in Yemen as
you know the developments covered quite
a quiet negative we see a rise in
rockets and missiles
strikes conducted by the Saudi
collision when it comes to Sun on its
suburbs we also see an accumulation of
the diseased and injured as a result of
these strikes the opponent the members
of the entire ghulam movements are also
stepping up their attacks towards the I
mean using the ballistic rockets they
have all that comes amid the operation
conducted by the legitimate authorities
loyalists are supported by the yemeni
coalition aerial forces and navy forces
to fulfill the golden victory operation
this way deliberating several
territories from the who see all
fighters as far as we know the airport
has been liberated as well as a naval
half the civilians had been evacuated
but unfortunately what we know is that
it leaves much to be desired because
there's not sufficient to save the lives
of everyone and people continue dying
there and the naval hub hold a dates
called
continues to work receiving the ships
with the communitarian products in the
aid we cannot rule out the opportunity
that the country which is at the peak of
the crisis can see the end to these
military and support for the civilians
despite all the risks the special envoy
of the UN went to sauna and conducted
consultations with the opponents of the
government forces and to discuss the
modalities for the de-escalation in the
whole day the region Moscow believe that
we need to support the work of un and as
a prerequisite to success we see an
early resolution of the armed conflict
and abandonment of the use of four
in favor of a dialogue about the future
of Yemen so the alternative for the user
force is the dialogue and there is no
alternative to the dialogue as it is
everyone should come and see the
negotiating table we call upon every
party in Yemen to listen to the voice of
common sense and install the pause in
their fighting in order to comprehend
what is happening and it is very evident
I think it's just on the surface they
need to pause in order to give the
people the long-suffering people of
Yemen the hope that the country can go
back to normal with the help of the
international community that may happen
now turning to Palestine and Israel the
situation day is quite explosive
recently we've been seen an upsurge in
violence in the Gaza Strip according to
the information been receiving starting
from the 17th of June the Israeli air
forces have been conducting air strike
against the Hezbollah sites also we see
a rise in the rockets fired these are
the fireworks they've been fired from
these territories in response to these
really strikes as we know recently they
conducted the biggest strike so far
attacking over 20 targets Moscow is very
much concerned because of this new
upsurge in violence we urge the parties
to calm down the tension and we should
parties to refrain from any steps which
can led to a large-scale military
confrontation in the range and evidently
search incident show that there should
be renewal of dialogue between the sides
but basing on the international law and
framework which is there to support the
process as that meets the interests of
both the Palestinians and the Israelis
now turning to Afghanistan
the situation ramiz complicated Taliban
controls big large territories in the
country committing terrorist attacks
including Kabul for example and
unfortunately so this battlefield is an
impasse basically which does not allow
any side to prevail in this armed
conflict so Russia welcomed the
initiative of the President of
Afghanistan to start direct talks with
Taliban with any preliminary conditions
and the ceasefire that followed from
both from the government and Taliban we
support the ceasefire prolongation by 10
days which was announced by Kabul
unfortunately the ceasefire was marred
by the terrorist attack on the 16th and
17 in Jalalabad over 40 victims not just
civilians but also Taliban who were also
present there for the celebration of the
feast at the end of the fast
Isis said that it's responsible for this
terrorist attack
we of course condemned this barbaric
action and this is a true face of the
international terrorism which does not
allow peace and stability in Afghanistan
these terrorist attacks of course their
purpose was to stop the attempts to get
in the way they attempts to stop the
ceasefire we continue to say that we
need to continue to fight against Isis
that threatens peace and stability in
Asia we're hoping that Afghanistan an
international coalition stationed in the
country will step up their efforts
fighting with extremist groups and like
Isis and other radical terrorists the
a lot of requests to comment on Miller's
comments about Russia's supporting
Taliban which was voiced on John a June
19 it he voiced is during the hearings
about his candidacy in the Senate this
is not something new there there has
been a lot of speculation on this from
American officials of course no facts we
feel like the u.s. is trying to Mars
Russian actions in Afghanistan and this
way they want to cover for their
mistakes that have they made let me
remind you you might not know it they've
been in Afghanistan for over 16 years
and they've made a lot of mistakes
during that time Russia at many levels
has stated that one of the sources for
financial sources for Taliban is the
military help from the US that is not
properly monitored and often the weapons
supplied by the US basically stole
stolen in Afghanistan so we cited in two
independent journalists and experts who
say that and confirm that but we have
not gotten any comments on Isis fighters
being transported on some unrecognised
helicopters in Afghanistan we where the
air over Afghanistan is under the full
control of the US and NATO but they
could not tell us what those helicopters
were so what were they so this new
commander should not start his
career but blaming this country and its
neighbors he needs to start by
correcting the u.s. mistakes and
strengthening the atmosphere of trust
between States who wants to see
stability in Afghanistan there were a
lot of questions and the request for
comment about the u.s. leaving the Human
Rights Council the UN Human Rights
Council I'm prepared to do that that is
not the first step for the second time
since the Human Rights Council was
founded in 2006 and for the second time
the you the u.s. is basically refusing
to work with this key organization when
the u.s. joined the council in 2009 and
when they first refused to work with it
me thought that maybe our American
colleagues at the one they first after
their first boycott maybe they learned
their lesson and now they're not and
they will not do that again but
apparently we were all mistaking that is
a huge blow to the Human Rights
reputation of the United States they are
neglecting not just the Human Rights
Council but the UN as a whole in its
structures it's amazing
just how cynical they are our American
colleagues there refuse to admit that
they have serious human rights problems
but they try follow their political
agenda they want to impose their
political agenda on other structures
this specific thus us this attempts to
impose the American understanding of
human rights violates all human values
in several civilized rules on the
international arena the Human Rights
Council and the whole system of the
United Nations are supposed to serve all
its members and not just one country or
a group of countries if the u.s. is a
democratic country if they say that the
democracy is the only way of life for a
state for a country why do they not
allow the international community to
have democracy in international
relations
maybe they I don't know if they don't
understand or don't want to understand
for us the u.s. leaving the Human Rights
Council is not unexpected because it's
been known to happen they did that with
UNESCO and now they continue the trend
with the Human Rights Council which
confirms that Washington is only
prepared to work with those
organizations that follow their own
interests let's look at the UNESCO
situation it was the same thing Human
Rights counseling council we see the
American pressure pressure from American
diplomats who are supposed to be
diplomats it they can't do because they
can't be violent like to tell the US
delegation in the Security Council or
what our Western partners do in other
structures
UN structures OPCW for example there is
just so much pressure take the screen
pipe this case for example absurd
attempts to change the whole
organization to fit their agenda and
their needs
the UN Security the UN Human Rights
Council is very efficient and effective
without the US and it will continue we
hope we will continue to do so we're not
happy of course about the u.s. leaving
we think it's a mistake we think it's a
wrong approach when they you they use
their massive resources to apply
pressure as opposed to making positive
steps in a positive contribution but
their interests change their agenda
changes and becomes quite the opposite
it's not one concept that the world can
understand it would have been easier if
we could just understand why they do one
thing or another there's really no
United Party line there look at Iran and
the nuclear deal one of the examples so
that was not an major issue for them and
if it's not major if they don't have a
united approach to those issues
how can you try to change the whole
world to fit your interests and your
agenda and why does the whole world need
to participate in the problems that the
American political establishment is
experiencing of course there are
problems with the UN Security Council
it's not a perfect structure there are
no perfect structures but the UN
Security the UN Human Rights Council
works well Russia will continue to work
with us in the framework with this
organization protecting human rights all
over the world and for that goal we
suggested our own candidacy to be part
of the council in 21 20 21 22 23 along
with the lines of the human rights
situation State Department published
reliefs about political and religious
prisoners detained by the Russian
government of course it was published on
June 18th we're sure that it's not a
coincidence that it was done during the
World Cup and they want to bring
attention to problems or come up with
problems when everybody is celebrating
so it's just another attempt of our
American colleagues to impose their own
vision of human rights issues on others
this has happened before
but it is funny how this coincides with
the US leaving the UN Human Rights
Council
so this lecturing and somehow they think
that they are the ultimate authority on
human rights while neglecting traditions
history and cultural values of other
countries and Nations and we are
seriously just fed up with that and
nobody can already take it seriously
like one such coincidences happen it
happened they published a big human
rights document but left the human
rights council at the same time that's
just absurd we have explained the
situation with the detainees and
the us calling to set them free suspects
whores who are detained because of their
terrorist activities it's unacceptable
we do not accept any attempts to
interfere with the our law enforcement
and courts of course the authors of this
document did not set any light on the
democracy and the human rights situation
in the u.s. like they don't have any
problems but we know that there's still
a lot of issues with racial
discrimination in the sia CIA torture
program and other challenges in this
area for example the u.s. special
services basically hunt down citizens of
other countries in third countries using
some made-up accusations capture people
secretly and openly and transport them
to us like the story with your Russian
boot in other Russian citizens confirm
this tendency their attempts to impose
their own understanding of human rights
on other states is basically a violation
gross violation of human values and
civilized rules accepted on the
international arena they have to start
with themselves we've been hearing about
Guantanamo closing for many years but
these statements were used in
presidential campaigns but the
Guantanamo is still open it is basically
the symbol of everything unlawful and
the worst violations of human rights so
we call in our colleagues to
solve their own problems at home and
listen to recommendations given by
international experts including human
rights organization organizations and
stop lecturing others Russia including
Russia Russia does not need your
lectures we support cooperation we want
to be equal we want to work on problems
together but we will not be lectured and
another important topic
that's not human rights it's about the
space program the u.s. president just
announced that they will be a special
space force as a separate force and then
the US military and the purpose of this
step is to make sure that these
dominates in space so basically
Washington wants to put weapons in space
and maybe some future armed conflicts in
space that's how we we see the situation
and apparently the u.s. is ready to use
some preventive military steps in space
these are some doctrines from the Obama
administration of course we're following
the situation closely
analyzing possible consequences we
understand that any intensifying of the
US military potential in space with the
stable stabilized strategic stability
and international security Russia has
the opposite approach and our priority
is to use space in peaceful for peaceful
purposes we came up with a lot of
initiatives that would
the arms race in space and of course the
key agreement here is the Russia China
initiative which stops the arms race in
space the updated version of this
project was considered in June 2014 we
want to continue to work in this
direction with specific goals in mind
and the US has already tried to like for
example let's remember their attempts to
have a nuclear monopoly and that led to
a horrible arms race nuclear arm race
race and escalation of tensions on the
international arena and we're still
dealing with the consequences of that
situation so we call on Washington to be
smart and not to repeat their mistakes
the arms race in space would have very
bad results it will might even be worse
than the arms race that we witnessed
that after the World War two Russian
airspace forces our defense forces our
country is not interested in pursuing
any military goals in space these all
these was there are comments from the
Defense Ministry on all these issues now
tune in to this clip pals case zero
facts so far zero evidence only some
publications which are coming in in
numbers it is quite curious to see that
the official figures they fail to
comment or just repeat themselves when I
say they don't comment I mean they are
not responding to questions which have
to do with the investigation stages or
just repeat what was said
repeating the unfounded narrative that
it is Russia we should be blamed for
every one thing however the mass media
space sees kind of a change in the
situation it's not too late it's far too
late because the absurdity of what
London did it's evident and the kind of
helping each other rubbing each other's
and they call solidarity has been
debunked in full but and we see more and
more articles and stories about that
let's take Boris Johnson again the
article which was published by him he
speaks about Russian since saying that
poisoning poisoning of the screep house
is one of the sins of Russia we always
say the alleged skip Al's case the
mansion they so called according to the
British side this this creep our skis
and everything else because initially
London was pushing real hard to making
everyone in the world saying that these
words should not be used and they
succeeded in that I've been given an
interview to represent yourself a
Scandinavian newspaper house publishing
house during that interview during the
talk she was asking me questions asking
me so discrete powers they were poisoned
how could you comment on the statements
regarding the use of the Navi choke gas
and these of that quantity and the Navi
choked gas was produced on the territory
of Russian Soviet Union how could it be
given to some any other place but when I
was responding this portion giving the
facts the real facts she was responding
saying well let's add that this is
according to the Russia
beside but why I said when you quote one
side the British politicians I mean you
did not add nothing something like
according to the British side but when
we respond the same question to you
every time I highlight that this is the
view solely of the Russian side so that
is the success of the UK narrative they
say this is proven five but who who has
proved it again justifying the expulsion
of Russian diplomats and he says spies
not diplomats so I would like to remind
you mr. Boris Johnson everyone else that
a spy someone was the name escaped also
scribble is a spine and the diplomats
they are just diplomats they know spies
again no arguments and no Fox facts have
been provided no figures no names no
dates no nothing one more article this
time produced by schmegle on the 15th of
June the journalists they took stock of
the information they had we analyzed
everything and they came to conclusion
that the official narrative of the West
is unfounded
the accusations of Russia and founded
the motives which are being attached to
Russia are not self-evident while the
arguments of Moscow Moscow is arguments
are quite logical and have proved to
them so office of the article say that
Russia is not an exclusive producer of
the mill to great poisonous agent known
as Navi charm the samples of the gas
according to the same article was in
possession of the United States Great
Britain and the Netherlands back in the
90s and check here
used the samples for testing up until
recently one more topic which
fortunately has to do with Great Britain
and you understand why I say
unfortunately during the last briefing
recorded some anti Russian actions and
statements by the British political
elite from history and also from some
from the recent political figures for
eggs in particular we quoted some of the
statements made by Margaret Thatcher but
some of the experts are saying that her
statement about how it would be enough
to have fifteen million living in Russia
and well she doesn't understand why
others are there and that started a wave
of a fake attack on us apparently this
is not a true statement and Thatcher
never said that okay let's look at the
into this issue we were talking about
her address at the annual conference of
the American oil institute in Houston in
November 1991
that's the briefing we said that we
would really like that this speech never
happened and we would actually want to
be mistaken but unfortunately some facts
point to the opposite and I would like
to clarify here of course history for
several decades there have been debates
as to whether Thatcher ever said these
anti-russian statements but some
political politicians and researchers
refer to her statements but others doubt
that she was even present there at that
conference so basically so they don't
want to study the quote but they want to
totally muddy the waters
and question the very presence of
Margaret Thatcher at that conference so
it's just amazing such an important
figure and nobody knows if she really
was in Houston in 1991 so basically when
when you pull attention and shift focus
so basically we need to prove now that
she was even present there so they
basically shifting focus from what she
actually said at that conference they're
really good at doing that but looking at
the facts that we have we can say that
she was in Houston at the time and let's
use Western sources to support that
there are two articles in The New York
Times in the archives of the newspaper
we found article published on November
18 1991 a columnist Matthew Wilde
describes the event it says that
Thatcher is going to be one of the
speakers let me quote the same article
actually says that they would be over 50
Russian specialists at that conference
that's something to think about for
those who doubts what Russian
specialists shared and there's also a
coach about that of course we could say
that
Thatcher could have cancelled her visit
to Houston but no the same author in The
New York Times writes on November 8 on
November 19th says that Margaret
Thatcher was not just there but she was
actually keynote speaker there are some
statements and quotes from her speech
about some environmental issues but for
some reason mark
this website of Margaret Thatcher
foundation there is no mention of this
large event this oil conference question
this question why there's no script
maybe it was a closed event and it was
not supposed to be published maybe there
was no record but then it was not
published there could be different
questions here but Margaret Thatcher
Foundation it me admits that doesn't
have all of her speeches because that
was before the digital era so that's not
surprising or maybe it was her speech
was off the record but in open sources
we found Russian journalists pavlov's
recollection of what happened he writes
I don't know if she was she knew that
there were Russians present there maybe
not
Thatcher was a smart and a cynical woman
and contributed largely to the fall of
the Soviet Union saw her estimate of the
economy of the USSR was different from
what the our media told us of course I
couldn't remember all of her speech but
we gathered at night and tried to
recollect what she said another
journalist partial also published some
works on that subject like for example
in his works title why Russia is not
America he mentions that when we heard
this number 15 million he thought that
he heard wrong maybe she was talking
about 50 million but then he listened to
the audio audio recording again and she
clearly said 15 million so several
researchers and journalists and
historians
including for self and Lukyanov refer to
that speech of course we would be happy
if that never happened we want all these
researchers and historians to be
mistaken but unfortunately at this point
there are more questions than answers
who should we trust those who were
actually there participating in that
event or those who say that the Iron
Lady was not even present there but when
we talk about one of the main
ideologists of the Cold War we could
admit that she actually we would admit
that she could have said something like
that highly likely also I would like to
note that it's been a week since we made
that comment there's been no official
rebuttal from the UK authorities or
their official representatives so that
is also a telling fact there's a lot of
reaction in the social media where
things were taken out of context and
those are Western trolls the West is
that Russia uses troll factories but in
reality the West actually pays for their
activities so our experiment was
successful because we've been able to
surface a lot of these trolls who are
doing this in the social media we will
continue to follow this closely and now
our British colleagues give us a unique
statement now we can talk about things
that never happened just use this
formula highly likely
I'm tuned into Kannada and performing
its foreign ministry statement during
the diplomat of the Year award it is in
line with the notorious statements of
other Western diplomats shaved Minister
divided the world into liberal
democracies and authoritarian regimes
and the regimes are trying as she said
to undermine the democracy suppress Seon
States which would like to join the
Democratic family they undermined the
international law through propaganda and
espionage I have one question when a
couple of years ago became known that
the US intelligence forces are
wiretapping Chancellor Merkel where were
you the Canadian officials and ministers
do you still think that Germany is a
young state the United States our
democracy that's the question I would
like to address to you miss Freeland you
never mentioned anything about that so
Canada together with said lies are the
true democracies that they say which
stand as the founders of the current
international law system Russia was
described as an antagonist seeking to
reinstate its dominance the West needs
to force some undemocratic states into
compliance with the international law so
we see what they do you know how they do
that in the Middle East the Russian
Federation had been saying multiple
times that everyone needs to abide by
the international law we stand for the
polycentric world based on the
principles of mutual respect and non
interference neither Canada nor any
other country has the monopoly on
democracy in that relation the comment
the statement produced by Miss Freeland
head of the Foreign Ministry of Canada
as nothing but inappropriate highly
appropriate I would like to remind her
about some very important
characteristics of a true liberal
democracy which have been included in
the guidance note on Democrat democracy
produced by the general secretary of und
I will give you the link afterwards so
these are the rule of law transparency
and human rights so these are the
characteristics which are crucial and
they says not the exhaustive list but
they are needed to call the system a
truly democratic I would like to turn
the attention of mr. Eiland towards the
Canadian attitude and approach what we
see is that Canada sometimes neglects
these principles and undermines the
world order based on the international
law as it is which you say should be
protected by your country so despite the
words about the importance of
international norms and rules at this
point canada is sending its troops to
Syria as they take part in the so-called
international coalition operation this
way violating international law for
instance the UN Security Council never
authorized the any military operation on
the charity of Syria such as the
operation of the us-led coalition and
the UN Charter has nothing about the
this kind of interference even when it
comes to self-defense also Canada has
never been requested to come from the
government of Syria which said many
times that all foreign forces should be
leaving Syria because they are stationed
there unlawfully unless they have a
request from the government I'd like to
say this directly Canada is on the
territory of Syria in violation of the
international law so this begs the
question how a democratic Canada can
abide by the international law doing
these things in no way it is possible so
also they are twisting the international
law and UN Security Council resolutions
when it comes for instance Lee
bein the change of regime they produced
there un mentioned only the no-fly zone
so that the civilians would be protected
from the major airplanes whether the
NATO allies have been conducting a
full-scale naval company which
circumvented the UN Security Council it
was far bigger in scope and in severity
so such a twisting of international law
in order to meet once parochial goal was
nothing but a challenge to the
international system of law exactly what
she did
she discussed back then so extremely
bill democracy should strive for the
implementation of transparency
principles when it comes to the world
affairs and not be involved in any
military conflicts such as the ones
claiming thousands of lives Canada also
included Ukraine in the checklist of the
potential recipients of automatic
firearms private companies can demand
that the foreign ministry gives the
permission to export we previously
banned firearms to you cradle till
recently we have no information whether
they Canadian Foreign Ministry received
such requests and whether they have been
approved or not may this year official
representatives of Canadian foreign
ministry refuse to answer the question
saying that this is commercial
confidentiality principle which
precludes from answering so how can
commercial confidentiality extend in the
way of transparency so it seems that it
is not transparency but that
confidentiality which is a priority for
Canada but life to remind you that on
dorm bus in that region thousands of
people have died being killed and the
supply of arms is a step towards further
escalation of the Ukrainian crisis or
nothing more than that perhaps this is
the reason why Canada refuses to
disclose the requests to export lethal
weapons to Ukraine I'd like to know that
inclusion of a grading to control is not
the only example of how
economic another interest of Canada let
them undermine the principles of the
liberal democracy in which they champion
so much paying on the lip service and I
mean for instance the supply of Li V's
light armed vehicles to one of the
countries of the Gulf residence not the
fact which troubles us but the fact that
these weapons could have been used to
violate human rights in the Middle East
the Canadian foreign ministry started an
investigation into these reports in
February we see a but exactly the same
person miss Freeland said that the
ministry failed to find any indisputable
evidence quote/unquote which would
stipulate that the Canadian weapons were
used to violate human rights so they did
that but at the same time they refused
to disclose the full text of the
investigation despite many requests from
the media and from the materialisation
so many organizations such as
international amnesty amnesty
international I mean asking them to
disclose it but they failed to do that
and all has to do with the envelope with
the supply of arms which have been
illegally unlawfully used against human
rights in pursuance of someone's
parochial interests in conclusion
Freeland said that authoritarian regimes
are constantly striving to discredit
genuine but not ideal democracies
pointing out their mistakes it's one
thing to be not an ideal democracy and
fight for the planet against the
problems of your system it is a totally
different thing to violate the founding
principles of a true democracy which is
the case sometimes with Canada itself
one question for the Canadians I
understand that this is somewhat dispute
about still the United States do they
know that Canada calls the States a non
idea of democracy I don't think so
schooling the concept of uniqueness and
exclusivity of United States champions
so much but every official
of America and I'd like to take two
questions which I received before and
one of them had to do with the work of
the United States in the neighboring
states neighbor into Russia and that
work has been conducted in the field of
biological weapons and sample testing
despite all the assurances that it has
nothing to do with any military you
still that is conducted not for human
purposes such as preventing infectious
diseases in the CIS countries or
anything and that is just supported by
the fact that the methodology of their
work is relying on the military
procedures released for instance and
microbiological lab situated in Georgia
it was constructed by the u.s. mail
trees they have a permanent laboratory
for the research of the u.s. ground
forces so how can we call it a military
operation is which is conducted solely
by the military they are looking for the
infectious diseases the sources in
journey they the sources that we Georgia
nothing of the guys has ever been
present so this lab is fully financed by
the mayor of the US and they claim that
that lab is being given full grant to a
company but still the financing has come
from the military so be aware is someone
comes to you asking to rent building
from you be advised it might be the
Pentagon again that lab it is part of
the chain of command of the European
nature structure answers directly to the
US headquarters in the Maryland stage
one of the research activities albert is
to prepare the Georgian territories for
the dispatching of major US and Allied
forces this is a escalatory activity of
yours
here in another countries around Russia
that is what they do to deform man to
twist the healthcare system send
frameworks increasing the risks of the
contagion disease outbreaks which can
erupt in Russian other charities they've
been working on an offensive biological
weapons program after the year 1967 rate
when Nixon decided to repeat to put an
end to it however in 2001 the United
States disrupted the talks about the
verification mechanism for such met full
biological weapons and since then
they've been blocking the talks all the
way and one more question I received you
in the previous briefing which had to do
with the US and Russian diplomatic
offices as you remember the expulsion
and everything it was started by United
States and when we answered that in
reciprocity on the 29th of December the
State Department of United States he
formed 35 diplomats of Russia would be
playing persona non grata and despite
these I should have been usually
answered on the principle of reciprocity
we for a for seven months have been
refraining from any action and they even
decided not to give an opportunity to
feel bad this by consensus gaps
I think adopted a law which stated
Russia Syria and we as a response to
that has could not but answer but
leveling their number of diplomatic
officers working we even gave them an
upper hand by including the personnel of
our permit mission to the United Nations
in the list of Russian diplomats though
it has nothing with that it is solely
mission for the purposes of the United
Nations they've been complaining that
they lack personnel and they cannot
issue visas to Russians
it is really an impossible thing now to
get a visa because you have to wait for
10 months to get an interview however
the decision to shrink the ranks of the
Consul site was made by the states
themselves and they made it consciously
to create an atmosphere of
dissatisfaction among the Russian people
as for the new unfounded decision to
expire to provide the expulsion of 60
Russian diplomats we had to respond in
kind of the 26th of March and we will do
the same thing if they do anything like
that it is not our choice we just
respond to the non friendly actions of
the United States we are now side are
ready to discuss the issues I've been
calling upon the United States to do
that many times as for the filling up
the vacancies which emerged as a result
of the u.s. actions this is a long-term
process we cannot sense thousands of
diplomats to the other states for work
it's not possible as for the statements
that they are not going to put any
obstacles on the way well we noted that
and we hoped that they would walk the
talk now we're ready to take up your
questions hello bloggers Dmitry Kotoko
mr. Carver I always select to read the
international media just like you and
often they're interesting things shared
there in particular Arabic and English
language media quote the Syrian Arab
army saying that some chemical weapon
was transported out of Russia it was
used to make chemical weapons and
explosives I know I've seen this article
of course
it's the defense ministry that should
comment on this since its new
information recent I will confirm a
consult with our colleagues and there
will be clarification explanations I've
seen this yes some devices chemical
weapon equipment our labs that were used
to create chemical weapons and
explosives but yes I have it have to
confirm that with the colleagues Mercier
savonia my question is about increasing
hacker attacks is there any success in
this cyber war against hackers in Russia
we hear so many accusations of Russian
hackers it's becoming a myth like an
urban legend about Russian the infamous
Russian hackers all countries that claim
at the official level that we have this
problem with Russian hackers we would
like to work with them on the issues of
cybersecurity and cyber crime there are
some consultations planned with Germany
we wanted to have this meeting but
somehow they decided not to participate
claiming that there were some attacks
from Russia but if it really is true
that's why we needed to consult in order
to discuss the problem it's the same
with the Americans we proposed all kinds
of formats for these talks but we get
the same response when we get to the
point where we should meet for some
unknown reasons
they drop out they tell us that the
moments is just not right and that just
happens over and over again they tell us
that they see hacker attacks coming from
Russia from Russian territories we tell
them okay give us concrete information
in facts but when there is a moment when
we are supposed to meet and talk they
just drop out but besides statements and
speeches there are also practical
activities one of the recent examples
it's I saw this recently in a couple
days ago maybe maybe yesterday several
of Ski Court sentenced a hacker group
from st. Petersburg it was they were
convicted of gaining access to bank
accounts of clients of leading Russian
backs banks and stole over 12 million
rubles of course Russian law enforcement
was involved in the investigation but
also the criminal experts from a large
international company that has an office
in Moscow and deals with cybersecurity
issues and thanks to this cooperation
between the officials and private
companies this case was successful and
the criminals were sentenced in court
the company has a real criminal
criminalist forensic laboratory in
Eastern Europe and they have mechanisms
and there's really no difficulty in
prosecuted prosecuting those cases even
if there is an international component
we are ready to work and there are some
things that are being done this is just
one of the examples how it could be
and if the international community it
gives us all the information and
resources and we can work with
international organizations we can
achieve great results and that is what
we're calling for this kind of
cooperation so we'll give you references
and links to the court rulings and the
company that participated in this case
so that you can read and learn more
about this but this is something that
the West does not want to notice they
just ignore it
it's like we know stuff like that
doesn't happen do you have any
statistics in terms of the requests from
the foreigners towards Russian asylum or
citizenship I mean like Southeast Asia
or any other countries yes we have the
relevant statistics but we carry this
out not for the sake of statistics but
to archive the quests and to process
them it has been done by Russian Foreign
Minister by its council Department and
other relevant bodies of the Russian
Federation if they receive such a
request through our foreign missions
consular missions or general consulates
we process these requests in do you form
so we don't do it for the sake of doing
that we do that process in the manner
the request we receive I don't have the
data on me if you give me your contact
number or email I'll give you the
details afterwards
any more questions yes please when asked
off the photographer Vania well the
talks between Russia and Belgium
excuse me can you send it again Russia
and Belgium did the thing you used when
just in the beginning yes it's no secret
that during the World Cup the heads of
many states and its officials seek some
not for money
agreement some arrangements which later
on become real documents so maybe you
can share on such you know talks behind
the doors of the rules such as the
meeting during the opening ceremony when
we saw some heads of state smile at each
other with maybe something in my the the
match against Saudi Arabia yes that's it
well you know the tradition we have I
will be share it sure I don't know
whether it's good for you as John was
but it's very useful for this state so
we have the delegation of authorities
principals so we never shared too many
details if you would like to ask about
the work of the president go ask the
administration of the president because
we are not in charge of that so I cannot
share with you any details regarding the
talks arrangements reached between the
heads of state during the World Cup
certainly major advances only sporting
events but also humanitarian other
events are a wonderful opportunity for
talks non formal talks it is an
atmosphere which is very conducive for
friendly frank discussions also that is
opportunity to informally speak about
very formal and important measures as
for the mob diplomacy yes
that is a very usual fact that search
platforms are used to discuss things
it's not about any secrecy it's not
about anything like that it is about the
heads of states and officials having
that common ground of a major event to
something as humans as people
discussing things frankly openly in
atmosphere which is not too formal for
that as for the photos which you
probably seen and I also saw them and
I've been washing that life is bought by
Moscow following the developments of the
game yes certainly those nonverbal
communications between Saudi Arabia and
Russia guests of the opening ceremony
they were very much of a surprise for
everyone
and we really enjoyed it one more thing
I'd like to remind you that we have
questions from other cities right that's
true
okay now let's turn to you and then we
will turn to other cities and race a
zone of Commerce and Volga if we look at
the fans who came to Russia and a lot of
them are from Latin America not from
Western Europe can you would you agree
that football fans from European
countries became collateral damage of
this problem propaganda in Western the
Western media and they were afraid to
come to Russia well I think at the on
the site of the organising committee
there are statistics and receive she
would know probably has the statistics
as to how many fans from which countries
came to the World Cup there are huge
numbers of people who came to Russia
from the Western countries let's be
honest if a man has this opportunity to
take a two-week trip do you think he
would not use this opportunity no
political statements will ever stop him
of course it's a joke but sports
football that's the age
of being of dedication and being an
enthusiast a fan of this game there are
no coincidences here there are no people
who are here by chance
fans will follow their teams because
that is part of the atmosphere that
their players really need and that's a
fact and another important moment thing
I'm often asked about these statements
from the West of course they do not
bring anything positive to our bilateral
relations but they get in the way of our
work like they hurt the investment
potential of our country they of course
carry investors scare them off
that is not a positive thing we all
understand that but somehow when they
want to hurt us they often help us now
we know what they are really about and
it's their own people know that now all
the propaganda also all the horrible
publications and all the scary things
that they said about the upcoming World
Cup and now the fans will see the
reality and that will hurt those who
organized this propaganda campaign I've
said it already today we all saw how our
national team played so well on a
stadium that apparently doesn't exist
because that's what has been told in the
West and today I saw another stadium
that was not supposed to exist that's
the way they presented information so
when something grand like the World Cup
happens
of course there will be difficulties and
that is one of the reasons why we're
holding major international events so
that the country could realize the and
implement the projects that it would not
attempt to do otherwise so these are
difficulties but it also overcoming
difficulties so why are you getting in
the way so if of course it's absurd but
maybe there is something positive there
too and I already see it I am reading it
it was so notorious and absurd that it
hurts
it doesn't hurt us it hurts their
reputations as far as the statistics go
I think you probably can find that
somewhere probably the organising
committee there were questions from
other cities let's listen to them
okay I'm ready I cannot hear the
question I'm sorry
briefing we're here at Sochi and when
they announced that that this briefing
will take place we told journalists to
email their questions to us and we pick
the most interesting questions of course
there are a lot of them and most of them
were about international relations but
you already covered most of them so our
question is about Sochi I know that just
recently you were here vacationing here
in Sochi I'm I hope that you had a good
time could you share about your
experience and your impression of Sochi
as a World Cup host the largest
international sports international event
this year thank you I already said that
it was a phenomenal vacation it was kind
of unexpected and I didn't know where to
go and I was always going to Sochi for
work and finally I just decided to
vacation there and of course there were
no regrets I got that was the best rest
in my life it was great I think that as
far as being prepared for the World Cup
I think Sochi had an advantage let's be
honest
compared to other Russian cities because
it already hosted the Olympics so it
probably not as scary to host the World
Cup even though it is a special event
with its own specific needs
but you
I've tackled Olympics and ever you were
preparing well and the residents of
Sochi stood against all the information
attacks humanely humiliating attacks so
when we were preparing for the World Cup
of course we took into consideration the
Olympics they just can be no doubt that
you are well prepared for the World Cup
now let's listen to other cities of the
Russian national also we just as well
collected the questions and the popular
will be voiced by my colleague because I
am you see a savonia good afternoon then
usually Novgorod we have it's absurd
tourist activity due to the world carbs
and other events as well so how can we
say man there's positive emotion even
you know but how can we attract more
colleagues from abroad to talk about our
places of interest we can organize a
press too and we will be glad to do that
if I may review your question as an
invitation well I accept your invitation
because I certainly take interest in
helping the region with that we the
foreign ministry we the press service of
the foreign ministry work with the
foreign reporters and we are ready to go
all the way to bring these journalists
to Russia we'll be giving them an
opportunity to visit the regions as part
of that plan we are ready to organise
that event as for cementing your
positive image well
the recipes are all the same to be
active on the internet be active in
social networks that work should be done
both formally and not formally I mean on
a person-to-person level you should be
reading something and commenting things
I try to give a short account of every
place a visit for instance the sip - an
television that all the subscribers I
have on Facebook's there's not familiar
with that place with its history with
the importance of it to me and the
reason why when translating the name of
it I chant Allah is amalgamation of
several language words is blue faraway
land
that's how can we interpret it and it
really looks like that it's far away
it's very when we were the second floor
of the Porsche ki sport facilities
I was passing across the corridor and I
caught myself watching the surroundings
seeing you know kind of a notion of a
sea but it wasn't so I cleared my head I
blamed for a moment and I realized that
that blueness of the landscape it's not
and now she's not water these are the
words and these are the green pastures
going all the way up to the horizon and
they look like they are blue and exactly
this is the reason why this place is
called well interrelation a faraway blue
land and I took some photos and I've
been now posting these photos and kind
of advertising this region and you the
people who live there can be the ones
who will be advertising your cities and
your homes that's the instrument to do
your work so I couldn't but
and my own experience good afternoon
colleagues from other cities in malta
question we've received we decided to
choose one which has to do with
International Affairs World Cup and the
22nd of June which is the anniversary of
the start of the Second World War so on
the 18th of June June British fans laid
down the flowers to commemorate the
victory can be a step to normalization
of relations with the UK in your view
what I want to say is that we've seen
that we appreciate that move we I mean
the Foreign Ministry the people of
Walter garage really appreciate that
gesture of goodwill in memory of the
fallen for the victory the Second World
War we cannot but say that we are
thankful and grateful for doing that we
are thankful to those who did that truly
so that is the right thing to do it's
very appropriate in terms of time and in
terms T of the occasion it was very
frank I believe it was fraying because
we fight we fought in the Second World
War shoulder to shoulder and the
Stelling garage is quite a famous place
for many many places across the world
even though some countries tend to
rewrite the history these battles near
Stalingrad they have a special place in
everyone's memory so it would be wrong
not to commemorate the memory of the
fallen I've been there myself at the mem
I've Korg on that hill
when mr. Lavrov had talks with mr. Stan
Meyer
foreign minister of Germany and that
meeting included laying down the RAAF's
fool the fallen soldiers there is a
German cemetery in the Russian cemetery
there that is an obligatory part of
every official event happening involved
with as full well that can be a starting
point for they return to normal relation
for such events as news and memories
cannot be any starting points that is a
fact these are facts which are always
there for us to remember them to
appreciate them we cannot use them as
one minute gesture to enhance the
quality of relations or seeking some
common ground know the memories we
should cherish
but such good gestures should come and
greater numbers in all the spheres of
lies finance Unitarian words we always
support such activities despite the
absurd amount of nasty things we see on
the part of the UK we've been saying all
along that our peoples are interested in
friendly relations and constructive
relations and we are ready to help them
I'm afraid
marilla's Oh buzzing hello carbot can
you hear us yes I can hear you well
hello otoscope listen to some p2 this is
st. Petersburg spread Center ha how did
you survive what happened yesterday that
was something it was fantastic there was
so much intense energy the city was not
itself about the last 18 minutes was the
hardest some people were praying others
were just trying to channel the energy
into the right place but those are
really difficult 15 minutes I can only
imagine what happened at the stadium but
of course I was so jealous of you
because I really wanted to be in the
middle of all that celebration in the
midst of all that celebration because I
can only imagine how fantastic that was
and now a question from our city
hello mr. ha
we all witness how at the opening World
Cup opening ceremony it was basically in
peacekeeping platform
it was booting virginias and also
President of Azerbaijan were there it's
interesting how a football event becomes
a peacekeeping platform is it possible
that there will be enmity between
foreign ministry father bhaijaan and
Armenian with Moscow help with that a
week ago I answered the question about
the possibility between me about me
possible meetings between Armenia and
Azerbaijan and I said that if plans like
that do exist it would have to come from
the representatives of these countries
but I can tell you for sure that Russia
stays committed to its role
as the Oh Cesc miss crew member and
we'll do everything within its power to
be a constructive influence in the
settlement of the crisis that we have in
the region and the normalizing relations
between the two countries that has
always been our position and it is an
important issue to us thank you very
much for your detailed report on all the
latest issues and we're also happy about
the win of our team and like other
cities we've been gathering questions
from our colleagues and here's the
question that we want to ask Colleen
Ingrid will host a few more games of the
World Cup how can our foreign visitors
could reach our city
what rules for fans can you talk about
when they cross borders with Lithuania
and Belarus we have already published
this information on our website but I
can remind you since you have that
question and since I have this
opportunity I would like to remind you
that during the late lavrov's the recent
missile visit to Belarus our country
signed an agreement on some issues of
foreigners access to international
events you remember how difficult this
work was
on this document and that's only because
it's a difficult question we're talking
about crossing borders and we had to
make sure that we have scenarios for
different situations but there was a
constructive approach on both sides so
we signed the document and certain
categories of foreign citizens enjoys
certain privileges when they enter when
they cross borders during the World Cup
for example it says that foreign
citizens and people without citizenship
coming to international sports events
can enter and leave and transit through
the country without visas they just need
to show their national ID and they're a
fan ID so basically that's their ID for
the duration of the sports event also
Lithuania agreed transit of four
additional trains on its territory
during the World Cup and people can use
Lithuanian or simian visas to transit
through the twenty and territories so
they enjoy certain privileges if you
have any questions we can clarify them
also also I have a request if you have
information from foreign citizens about
problems that they encounter contact us
through city press centers through our
staff merci savonia employees or foreign
ministry directly
we have our offices in the host cities
like there's one in Samara and we will
of course deal with all the issues and
clarify them or solve problems do we
have any more questions
so we have some more questions okay we
don't have any questions that's it's
fine
thank you for surviving our you know
just traditional conference press
conference lasted for the foreign
journalists Amara is this city of dream
for me because I've been dreaming of
coming here for many years
see you again someday thank you
