photos have just emerged in the media
showing Australian soldiers flying a
Nazi flag over their army vehicle while
on operations in Afghanistan the
pictures were taken a decade ago during
a naked nato-led deployment that they
were first obtained by Australian and
news network ABC here's our
correspondent eager standoff in NATO's
foreign military quests and scandals
revolving around them Australian Armed
Forces have remained more or less
invisible but not anymore when this
photo emerged the knee-jerk reaction of
many was to Palm it off clearly this was
some photo shoppers bad joke a bad joke
it was but only in the sense that some
Australian soldier back in 2007 thought
it was funny to actually wave the Nazi
banner in the middle of an Afghani
desert Australian authorities went out
of the way to condemn the stunt saying
the soldiers were identified and
punished completely and utterly
unacceptable the flag obviously was
removed and the personnel involved were
they were disciplined but the swastika
is only one nail hammered into the
coffin of the reputation of the
Australian Defence Forces earlier this
month the Fairfax media company
published the results of its own
investigation into Australia's actions
in Afghanistan it revealed for instance
that in 2009 senior officers forced a
rookie to kill an unarmed elderly
detainee as part of a bloody ritual
initiation another soldier nicknamed
Leonidas apparently machine-gunned a man
with a prosthetic leg which was then
removed from the body taken to Australia
and used as an improvised beer mug at
the SAS headquarters in Perth the
government takes all allegations about
Australian forces seriously as
Australians would expect this allegation
must be an are being thoroughly examined
independently from the chain of command
but as new evidence continues to surface
the investigation could turn out to be
as lengthy as the Afghan war itself
we spoke to political analyst Mushtaq
Rahim who told us or Afghans
make of the allegations of misconduct by
foreign troops in the country general
public do not really the market are
differentiate between which soldier
belongs to what country and the
international forces are seen as one a
general public has really taken these
issues seriously and they have been
seeing it as the misbehaviors of
international forces at such cases
provides real input and material for the
propaganda campaign of Taliban such
cases really hurts the the confidence of
the Afghan public in international
forces even if the actions are taken
this will not help as far as the Afghan
public is concerned because actions are
taken back home in the home countries of
these soldiers which really doesn't come
out in media people do not come to know
about what has happened most of such
cases happen in areas where the war has
intensified and it is usually difficult
for the fact finders the investigation
teams to travel to those geographical
areas
you
