one team which has already made quite
the impression at the World Cup has been
Iceland and it's Viking fans and joining
me now is the vice-president of the
country's national football federation
good through an Angus sibbeston thank
you so much for coming up to the program
to talk to us now
it is Iceland's first World Cup is it
living up to expectations yes it's great
to be here and we are really proud of
our team to be here so yes it is
fantastic isn't it and I guess what a
start you had there the draw against the
mighty Argentina in your opening game it
must have felt almost like a win were
you surprised by the result and yes or
no you it's a football match it's 90
minutes it's 11 against 11 and everyone
can win so of course I'm not surprised
and I believe in my team and we have a
really strong team but it was a good
good game and we are happy with the
point we got much yeah
I mean we have been looking at the fans
obviously from all over the world but
the Iceland fans they've been famous for
viking chanting and you know they've
been playing a huge support and actually
one of my colleagues said to me when
those pigs came out of the celebrations
they said have you seen pictures of the
iceland fans it looks like the whole of
iceland are supporting them here in
russia which was a great comment I
thought how important are the supporters
in there playing in the team success
I think their 12th man I mean there are
lot of Icelanders here in Russia and
then the rest is in Iceland supporting
the team everyone in Iceland we're
watching the team on Saturday and we are
all just following our team and they
have a great support from the Icelandic
population just the nation everybody is
wearing blue and this is a big thing for
us football our football team has is in
our hearts yes it certainly looks like
it is now you've still got to play
Nigeria and Croatia and the green stages
what are your predictions two strong
teams we have to play but like I said
before I believe in my my team and I
think we can qualify from the group so
I'm always I always have a good hope and
a good feeling before we enter their
field so I hope we will stay longer in
Russia than just three Matz's can I get
an answer out of you against Nigeria how
well do you think you're gonna do and I
think we will win 2-1
if I have to tell you some numbers here
and Croatia and we take this force first
just one match at a time so I will just
start with the mats on Friday it's okay
with you it's fine with me how far are
you gonna go and I mean when you enter a
tournament you always go into every
match to win so how far do we want to go
of course we want to go all the way but
and if our team plays good Maxis and we
saw it at the Euro that we could go we
went to the quarterfinals we can do
everything we want to do that's the
beauty of the football so like I said
before we are ready to stay in Russia
for a few weeks
gudren I have to ask you obviously about
your impressions of Moscow and Russia so
far mm-hmm I've been here now for a week
and I really like Moscow it's really
nice to be here I'm looking forward to
go to more cograts did I say it correct
you
yeah on Wednesday so I'm happy to see
your country it's really beautiful it's
the people here are so nice so I've
never been to Russia before so I'm so
happy that I had the chance to be here
just thank you for your hospitality and
fantastic to have you here with us but
through an anger serviced and
vice-president of the National Football
Federation of Iceland enjoy the rest of
your time thank you
you
