seven people have been left injured
after a taxi driver in central Moscow is
reported to have lost control of his
vehicle slamming into the pedestrians
parties eager chill enough is up the
same happened at the very central Moscow
in fact on a street and neighboring and
adjacent adjacent and parallel to this
one we do know that at least seven
people got injured the driver has been
detained he's saying that he did not
mean to ram down or those pedestrians
who got injured we do know that none of
them apparently have been taken to
hospital
it is central Moscow and as you can see
behind me celebrations are taking here
are taking place here almost 24/7 now it
is important to understand that none of
the fans as you can clearly see have
been fazed by the incident and so the
police so far are telling us that it has
not been terrorist-related the driver
himself is saying that he did not mean
to do that so the celebration the FIFA
World Cup celebrations continue in
Moscow
you
