one person who was initially unhappy
about coming to Russia for the World Cup
was the UK's foreign secretary wherever
Boris Johnson seemed to have had a
change of heart
months after suggesting a total boycott
and even comparing the tournament to the
Olympics under Nazi Germany I think it
will be very difficult to see how we can
I think he had to be to the World Cup
this July this summer I think it will be
very difficult to imagine that UK
representation at that event could go
ahead in the normal way and we would
certainly have to consider that yes I
think that comparison with of 1936 is
certainly right distancing himself from
the controversial remarks Boris Johnson
now says that England never planned on
boycotting the event in an article for a
British newspaper Britain's chief
diplomat also insisted that the UK and
Russia are not at odds praising the
quote friendship of both countries
journalist John gaunt believes the World
Cup should never have been politicized
in the first place I thought it was a
funny article Boris Johnson seems to
either be a hypocrite or it's got memory
troubles he clearly was thinking about
withdrawing the team
it's absolutely nonsense that is what
he's coming out with at the moment I
think it's a ridiculous game I wish
they'd just drop it can we please for
this month anyway get on and enjoy the
football would appear that Russia is
putting on a good event the fans are
enjoying themselves no problems Boris
Johnson should keep his nose up and you
watch if England and it's a big if if
England got to the final I bet you Boris
Johnson Theresa May and Prince Harry or
1l Prince William would attend the final
this is all gesture politics
you
