we have just come hotfoot from the FIFA
Congress congratulations to Mexico
Canada and the United States they're
going to host 2026 edition but we're
here for a fantastic initiative in
Moscow generation amazing it's part of
the Qatar 2022 bid and goes all across
Asia and the Middle East to help
disadvantaged children I am delighted to
be joined by a World Cup winner and a
legend
javi joins us today Jamie thank you for
joining us and why are you here today I
would say with the kids earlier so the
big smiles on their face tell us why
you're here supporting generation
amazing monastiraki gonna play a toe
generation a machine Prieto del comité
de su primo de guitarra son Prieto
fantastico no como la palabra blody say
amazing no tratamos de ayudar a
différentes tipo de personas ello Hetty
Voice este no I you dar ah Sarah
facility' la vida hor possible a la
gente grow mess no necesito no es de
sentido iu damos agente de Qatar o
tenemos a trabajadores aqui estamos con
gente Yama's necesita de aquí en Rusia
tambien a Macedo jordania me pal
diferentes pices de todo mundo tratamos
de ayudar a su proyecto dnt meant a para
mundial de guitar dos mil venti dose a
creo que es muy positivo para todo mundo
no el trabajo que se está siendo in
Qatar tanto este programa generación
amazing como la estación del del mundial
es muy buena y que vemos que la gente se
pedesta suffice let's move she woke up
obviously incredible breaking news there
are cameras everywhere here for you
today because everybody wants your
thoughts on the Spanish manager I want
to move it now on to the next level la
Petite he's gone heroes come in as a
World Cup winner as a player of
experience in a Spanish dressing room
how important now is it for Sergio Ramos
for big-name players Gerald pique that
you know very well Andres Iniesta that
you know very very well to lead in the
dressing room it was a difficult time
cheap a leader Arco no petty con helado
lo que este yo creo que esto de venir
less mess si que un porque se que están
muy Unidos Ayana mosphere adentro del
del equipo bueno son circumstance ready
intrumental vs. Nadia's / abba esta
decisión del Oh Peggy yo la decisión del
del Presidente no mi opinion es una
decisión asserted el Presidente pienso
que la fair a co never stop or else I'm
Adela's de las personas en este sentido
pause la decisión de lo petty e como
mínimo a sido por precipitous de sentido
hacer lo fee see al a DOS da sua tres
dias de del mundial creo que Presidente
actual ovn oh yeah parte de lo que dicho
antes de ser a lo mejor para para la
Silesian creo que hay gente experiment
ah de creo que hay gente muy preparada
tienen un gran equipo fernando hierro
son una persona que esta muy preparada
con o se la casa está bien sued africa
gaston preparados para support art
todo tipo de presión a zi r qu statius a
veces cond SAT pono
it's looking as a banker press that want
to come and say hello to not be like we
do and everything vice it to play so
shall I stick my boots on you damn right
I will
how important at this time we're just
about to start the world Russia start
the tournament against Saudi Arabia and
then the game stopped very quickly
Portugal against Spain Cristiano against
Sergio Ramos give us an idea all of us
media fans people watching at home the
mentality of a footballer now in Spain I
know they call it constant or a Theon
everybody's concentrated but give us an
idea of what players will be doing today
and over the next few days well I much
attention even during the soon world
capital mundo quiere hacer lo mejor no
see
para mi opinion-based are muy guado no
football East Astana attention
incredible quien hacer lo todos bien yes
elecciones muy parejas no esta por tu
val estas Panna hasta Romania's tahun
tiene esta Brazil Ecuador zest rarden
REO Francia guna sorpresa que puede ver
no veo muy fuerte accrue Asya belgica
yah guna Silencio más que pueda aparecer
no Becerra mundial a my opinion muy muy
muy muy Kela brado y savannah decir poor
pequeños detalles no Vassar una mundial
seguro seguro
yes pero que las elecciones van a lotta
que que podamos disfrute our case avian
expert ocula no graphene Jakob or
football SSO no spine can I still win it
even with these problems do you think in
the squad the mentality the quality is
still enough for Spain to win the World
Cup something that you have done cheese
roast oh he el convento de espana tiene
talent ocala dad
Technica tactic efficient todo en todo
para conseguir a final como dicho antes
de cedar on pequeños detalles pero
Espania esta preparado hasta preparada a
pesar de estas circumstances addresses
que que nos an analogy don't poco or a
la concentration pero yo Grove espan
Obamas ramonja
finally a man that you know very well he
had these grand farewell in Barcelona in
the camp now under is in a yester
another legend like yourself and his
last World Cup how important will it be
for him to go out in style pero el
estilo sigue esta cosa Stassi is co-sin
co-star skirts that the other star
bouquets the soul / opinion Spaniard in
el mejor centro de campo del mundo no a
partir de espana dominar los partidos
oasis la idea no yo creo que toman Ando
los party dos y con el estilo de homine
Espania tenemos mucho ganar tenemos
mucho gala doddle / diva tenemos tenemos
goal tenemos en terapia de atras tenemos
realmente UN equip a so know chelouche
en de español a hos vamos a ver y
Pantone dress Iniesta see a verdict
Ament a para ser su último mundial no lo
que pase de una Segundo tercera who Ben
- de ahora no esta no memento ink rebel
es una leyenda vivo del football a
seguro a ceremonial esta muy motive oddo
y tiene ESPN crib lay Y deseo todo
mejora n'est pas de elección que no se
Co nd choke a you al continue ya v thank
you so much for joining me on esta noche
el suerte litera espana a final okay
we decided to try some Russian food
today why not we're in the heart of
Moscow were a fantastic restaurant
called Oblomov and Pavel the head chef
is with make the World Cup is here in
Moscow lots of people are going to come
from around the world give us an idea
how excited you are to be serving
Russian food to people come into your
restaurant
Mercato got herbs which is John William
carbo cadion polkas agent soon no
captions last year seems very brutal
Oh Cena strands cutter is not prejudge
20 points to cooking web crota ypres
jelly compositionality Miraflores ah
this is soup and I recognize it beetroot
color that means one thing
borscht all of it everything oh my
goodness let's give it a little stir a
little bit of green Oh everything he's
saying everything let's go straight in
and that Anna this - it me so is
your classic borscht
nice and creamy with the beetroot and
have a little taste
I see a brush or batter that's borscht
Pavel what's next he'll mean their
dumplings I have no idea what are in the
dumplings either guests usually think
the dumplings chicken and beef mix
things
you very much like ravioli beautiful
medium well-seasoned inside better menu
but there's one more thing and it with
the shutting of the other know that
we've sort of reached them did those on
the popper always a surprise for me what
could it be
so we've obviously got some veggies
fantastic we've got some greens and
we've got some meat so I guess the meat
is the surprise so let me try it looks
plan of beef gamey
beef horse puffle I don't know what is
it
midweek what they're serious yeah
this ladies and gentlemen is bear mate
it's a delicacy it's legal so don't
worry this isn't Yogi Bear and it's very
very good
Pavel thank you so much for having me at
the restaurant
I loved your food and I'm going to come
back through the World Cup as is
traditional in Russia everything goes
down that little bit better with vodka
na zdorovie
how exciting nosey to see the world come
to into the World Cup well absolutely
amazing I look I described it to
somebody the other day last year it was
like one of them Saturday nights when
all your friends are saying to you can
you come out can you come out here and
you go I don't want to go I don't want
to go that was the same last year for us
all Australians to come here to Russia
you go out that night you have the best
time exactly the same thing the
sentiment has been exactly the same
across all the Australian supporters
wonderful sites wonderful people there
we go great great great people great
food and amazing sites Red Square the
Bowsher theater all these places are
Fantas I'm really looking forward to as
well going down south to Kazan and
Samara and so chief so in terms of the
world corporate look in its generality
right Spain lost their manager yeah I
mean at the beginning of the tournament
a legend to come into management yet
affect who are and who aren't gonna be
the favourites to win this time I don't
think it will and look you know a lot of
people saying oh look you know it's not
a good thing to lose your manager on the
eve of the World Cup but when you've got
such a good team sometimes that can
actually galvanize you because people
actually saying there's no way you're
going to do well now well that takes
away a bit of the pressure because you
got a ready-made excuse yes we saw
France win it in 98 2002 not even get
past the first round then get into the
final in 2006
Spain the same last time they went in
2010 2014 don't get out of the group I
think they can win it again this time
but I still think Brazil little favors
because their debt for the squad is so
much greater than everyone else
Spain Germany if you have to pick one to
win the tournament who would it be and
why I would just have to go for Brazil
because you just mentioned some names
there I'll watch them against Christ and
their friendly match against an anvil so
against Croatia and so to have someone I
know he's been injured but they have
somebody like Neymar on the bench speaks
volumes about the squad remember if the
teams are going to win it this is seven
games you have to go through in a very
short space of time
you know yourself at the end of a long
season you
to be fit he needs to be mentally right
as well there are going to be
suspensions there are going to be
injuries for me I think Brazil got the
squad and also the bit between the teeth
like I said losing seven one at home
that hurt and hurt badly
can Australia get out of this group when
you know it's good enough to been
against a very good team to jump over
Peru in their first World Cup for 36
years
reminds me a little bit of the Aussies
back in 2006 haven't qualified for so
long they're going to have as many
people here as possible and I was
talking to a Peruvian this morning at
the hotel who was turning around and
saying that people are selling their
homes back in Peru just to be here for
this World Cup so they're gonna know
it's what he said he said and they're
gonna try to make every game be like a
home game so I think they're going to be
our biggest rival for the second place I
think like I said that we can get a
point out of this week against France
although if they're three kneel down at
halftime remind me what I just said but
I think four points were secured for
second place and I think we can do that
how important is it for Russia to get
out to a good start tonight
and for them to get out of the
tournament cuz usually the feel-good
factor comes from the host nation doing
fairly well very true I think it's
really important and we saw in South
Africa Stan remember in 2010 when South
Africa didn't get out of their group
okay the World Cups the World Cup
regardless of you know who goes out the
first round or who gets to the final or
who loses seven one in a semifinal but
it's great to have the host nation do
really really well and I think tonight
they can really start it really well by
a really good victory against Saudi
Arabia and like I said it to really
energize the people who said it's such a
vast country there are a lot of vast
interests and a lot of other sports
football's never been really number one
little bit like Australia very very
similar but I think this with the World
Cup and all the people could really
propel the sport really really high in
the people's minds and also just be
great for the World Cup itself everybody
loves the host nation they go as far as
they possibly can you're excited I'm
very excited yes at the villa don't
worry about it they'll get into the
Premier League soon
tell us about being here in Russia how
do you feel I feel wonderful we feel
very good listing Abarth again ok we're
gonna win 2-1 so we're here with some
Russian fans before the big game Russia
against Saudi Arabia are you excited
yeah will Russia win how are you guys
are you excited about the World Cup
are you happy so we finally made it
we're here and the Luzhniki stadium the
stars of the FIFA World Club it's Russia
its Saudi Arabia welcome to five weeks
at the Stan Collymore Show
