now it's feared an oil spill in the Gulf
of Mexico that's been ongoing for 14
years could become America's worst
environmental disaster it was in 2004
when Hurricane a van slammed into
Florida's Gulf Coast severely damaging
an offshore drilling operation just off
Louisiana however the company in charge
managed to cover up the incident for a
whole six years
flying over the Gulf of Mexico a
researcher spots oil coated gas bubbling
in a miles long slick people are not the
only ones who call them now polluted
waters home and for the indigenous
animals they're countless birds and
wildlife the stakes are high life or
death and time is running low
I suppose the big differences that we
deep-water her Osen there was a big
explosion and people got killed and so
instantly hit headlines and then the
loss of oil was released extremely
rapidly in the case of the Taylor
platform first the original incident
didn't cause any loss of life it was in
the context of a major hurricane
hurricane Ivan and both the company and
the American regulators managed to keep
the entire incident pretty quiet
it's one of those long-running accidents
which is less exciting from a reporting
point of view but over the course of 14
years with as many as 700 barrels a day
of oil being leaked into the Gulf it
adds up to being of the same kind of
order as that Deepwater Horizon spill
back in 2015 the company in question did
say that there was no evidence to
suggest an ongoing leak or any
significant environmental damage it
hasn't given any further explanation
since journalist Oliver tickle again
says though that even routine oil
spillage does result in horrifying
volumes a year the Gulf is currently
producing some something like 20% of
America's oil
there's rather a high rate of accidents
there are fires breaking out every few
days there's a high rate of oil spillage
with routine spillages and the hundreds
of thousands of gallons per year just
from ordinary operation and this entire
Gulf Coast is highly industrialized and
it is bound to be leaking considerable
amounts of oils and of course those
environmental impacts impact other
industries which are also valuable like
tourism and Fisheries and shellfish
there's tens of thousands of miles of
oil pipelines transecting this entire
region and if you've got a pipeline and
you are bound to have leaks
you
