the World Cup is just around the corner
so I've gone to suruc to the FIFA
headquarters to meet the man in charge
Gianni Infantino
it's his first World Cup as FIFA
president and I'm really intrigued to
hear what he has to say this is your
first World Cup as FIFA president you've
been obviously open to the European
Championships you've been to World Cup
before but now you're FIFA president so
what what are you looking forward to buy
I don't think too much of them FIFA
president but I try to think about the
World Cup as as I would think as I would
have thought about it for years ago or
eight years ago as a football fan as
somebody who is passion obviously being
fully aware of the responsibility that
the position of FIFA president entails
but but I'm I'm really looking forward
because the World Cup is the best
competition in the world is where you
have the biggest emotions is the
competition where everyone in the world
speaks about football and about the
match of the night before whatever team
plays whether it's Panama or Iceland
what we had for the first time or Brazil
or Germany everyone in the streets in
Zurich or anjaana's Borg they speak
about that and they live with it as it
will be it will be just fantastic it
will be emotional it's also in a
particular time I think where we need to
feel some some unity in the world
and some unity around football I think
is the best that's a that's a very very
big issue because it is no secrets a lot
of tension between the world and the
World Cup host nation how are FIFA how
are you dealing with that I mean how I
sort of coming in making this the best
event in the world with all that's going
on at the moment by focusing on football
I think that's that's the key and that's
the the secret we have to focus on food
but I think there are enough sadly
people around the world who try to just
you know divide or argue or dispute or
whatever we have to try to unite
football is uniting football is as this
this magic and it's
of bringing people together we don't
want to make politics we don't want to
take positions on whether and who is
right or wrong we have to organize
football and if thanks to football we
can send also some messages of unity and
football is about bringing together
about enjoying about about creating an
atmosphere which will show to the world
as well a country like Russia with 150
million people who want to welcome the
world in their in their country and I
think football has this power to change
use of the perception of people about a
country and about maybe a particular
period in time and I'm sure that this
World Cup in Russia and this particular
moment of time will have quite a
significant impact we've unfortunately
in the euros and France we saw some
really ugly scenes and and it's a worry
I mean when looking at it from going
into the tournament it's a worry that
that there is this thing happening in
Russia with internal matches how FIFA
dealing with that or the authorities
dealing with that is again something
that people shouldn't be afraid of there
is certainly something that is that with
very seriously where everyone is wearing
particularly authorities in Russia of
the situation of the different supporter
groups who are violent and the focus
will be done or will be will be put on
that on eradicating that of making sure
this doesn't happen and this can be done
in an event which is you know happening
in one months very much focus and with a
lot of preparation unfortunately idiots
are living all over the world and
violence around football is happening
all over the world as well in Europe or
South America or
freak out whatever else this is
something that we always have to focus
on generally it's not an easy one
because violence is also a reflection of
society but for a big event like like a
World Cup the attention is very much on
that this is safe to go to Russia of
course it is safe to go to Russia
this and it will be very safe it will be
even safer to go to Russia during the
World Cup because the authorities in
Russia are very much aware of what the
World Cup means and they want to show as
well a welcoming country and the
preparations in terms of security for
World Cup are beyond any other event so
the conditions will be there for a very
safe World Cup and obviously those who
want to go and enjoy football and enjoy
a party this summer they should go to
Russia those who want to go to have
riots or whatever they better go go
somewhere else exactly go somewhere else
how much how much is fief and you
involved in in setting you know the
security and organizing that do you have
a saying and how all that should be
dealt with it's it's the police
authorities and so on in in Russia who
are in charge of security obviously we
are in contact with them we can share
with them the experience that that we
have at FIFA
from previous events that are
coronations contacts Council of Europe
for example where Russia is also part as
well as all other European countries
have specific task forces in terms of
security because you know you can always
learn and then make things better so
this is all taken very much into account
and and we think we have an active role
in contributing to that as well you you
said before you don't see yourself as
FIFA president but you are you're also a
private person and a football fan so
when when you plan your schedule for the
World Cup how does that work out is it
importantly you watch all the all the
teams play at some point yes and now
you're gonna do that yes I'm I'm
planning to watch all the teams and to
be in all the venues at least once
Venice I can see this is that's that's
that entails sometimes two matches per
day but I must do it I want to do that I
want to see those I want to experience
it it's it's a it's a fantastic occasion
and and it's also question of respect
for those who who are participating you
know the FIFA president has to be there
ignore each team see we we had a paid-up
debate when we did the tanks hanging in
in Moscow with the jaw and since then
you you have announced that bar it's
gonna be part of the World Cup but it's
also been written into the laws of
football yes so why now why now because
we tested it for two years and because
the results of the tests were conclusive
and have managed to convince us that we
should make this step this is what we
have decided two years ago well let's
test it for two years and in two years
if it works if we are convinced that it
works people in the laws of the game and
everyone Canon
every competition organizer can decide
if he wants to use it or not personally
I was very skeptical I have to say at
the beginning I did not really believe
that it could work because I was afraid
about the flow of the game and
interruptions and these kind of things
but on the other side you know for
decades everyone was saying well we
should have some video help for the
referees and so on as a force and it's
true that in 2018 if everyone in front
of his TV or inside the stadium with his
mobile phone knows within a few seconds
what the referee has committed a big
mistake and the only one who doesn't
know it is the referee himself we make
something wrong at the referee he
doesn't know it not because he doesn't
want to know it but because we prohibit
him from knowing it but everyone else
knows it it's not right it doesn't feel
right so we had to make these tests I
have to say that I was I completely
changed my mind and I'm now convinced
that it's it's the right thing
personally to do but whatever my
position is generate the iHub considered
that it's right thing to do
because of the results of the tests
we've tested there around 1,000 matches
with more than 1000 matches official
matches not friendlies official matches
and the result has been that without var
there would have been or there was one
clear mistake of a referee every three
games with var there is one clear
mistake over every every 19 games the
accuracy it's another example the
accuracy of the decision without var is
of 93% of the referee's decision which
is already extremely high 93% of the
decisions are correct with var this
percentage goes up to 99% it's not
hundred percent but it's 99 better than
93 when he calls to the interruption
to the flow of the game one of the
statistics there which has really
captured my my attention which I was not
aware of at all is that actually on
every match we lose seven minutes four
Thrones seven minutes
throw in doesn't decide anything it's
very rare that destroy in the sights
again eight point fifteen seconds and
free kicks
yes but minutes but that var is one
minute per game and it decides the game
so we can lose one minute per game if
this has an impact on the result
so it's been two years since you were
elected FIFA president an interesting
time I assume what was it
what's it been like a very interesting
time a very challenging time the last
two years with some incredible
incredible experiences of course coming
in in a very very difficult moment for
for FIFA has not been an easy task but
to refocus
feith on football has been the most
important achieved thing and challenge
that that we had obviously reforms to be
implemented but more than that I think
we we've been really focusing on
football development on investment in
development programs with the former
program all around the world on new
format for the World Cup with 48 teams
as of 2026
to give more chance to more countries
all around the world to participate
focusing on women's football focusing on
news football focusing on Club World Cup
where we study new ideas so I think not
to speak about the pitch as well
obviously with the VAR amongst other
things it has been a challenging time
but I realized even more that football
is the number one sport all over the
world and we have to cherish this and to
protect this that's a lot of good ideas
and your focus on football but the fact
is a lot of people left FIFA for various
reasons and you need people to implement
all this is is it has been a big
challenge to get the right people in and
arya dyana with the right organization
what we are working on that we are
working on then of course it's it's it's
never easy to change an organization
because we'd have to change the culture
as well of the organization from the top
being a worldwide organization FIFA it
brings additional challenges as well in
terms of cultures of
talat ease of people and what they want
to do here in FIFA it's really also in
the administration to bring people from
all over the world because this is maybe
at the beginning a bit more complicated
because you need to understand each
other but it is also enriching and
organization like this is that maybe the
the biggest difference because before
you were employed to lead you if and now
you are elected to to lead the world of
football that you have to you have to
look at all the diversity all the
cultural differences and you have to
sort of make sure that's common ground
that's absolutely right
that is the main the main difference
it's not just about executing it's not
just about being involved in an
operational function but it's it's much
much wider than that and it is worldwide
and football is important all over the
world and wherever you go in the world
whether it's in East Asia or in southern
Africa or in the Caribbean wherever
there are challenges and there is
passion for football and you have to
take all of this into account and at the
same time you have to keep your line and
do things because if you go for the
lowest common denominator you don't do
anything and we don't want that is a key
word traveling the world to experience
different ways of passion what I have
been surprised of is really the passion
that exists in countries which I would
never have expected like the Vietnam the
Vietnamese national team under-23
arrived second in the Asian Cup and the
way they celebrate the team when it came
back it took them five hours from the
airport to the city center with millions
of fans in the in the streets has been
just just an amazing experience and
speaking to Vietnamese people what they
were telling me what football brought
them in terms of joy and pride for the
whole country
100 million people you know has been
great for for another 23 tournament so
he chose that the impact and power of
football Beyond Boundaries and beyond
what we can imagine is that the thinking
behind the expanding of the next World
Cup that the countries like Vietnam or
expected or speakest and the two very
well on news level that they actually
get opportunities you can into the World
Cup and played yes that's that's exactly
the the / % and the idea on one side I
think we were witness all of us that the
level of football generally all over the
world is is growing the passion for
football thanks to globalization thanks
to media is also everywhere in the world
now if these teams were growing how
qualify for the u.s. World Cups who make
even some interesting results never have
a chance to qualify for the main World
Cup just because of how the history has
developed and the slots per
confederation are and have historically
had been been awarded well then we don't
do what our main job is which is to
develop football because we all know
that the best catalyst for development
is success example I'm always giving is
you know imagine that match the last
qualification match and you your striker
is in front of the goalkeeper and shoots
and he hits the post and the ball goes
out and the team is eliminated it's a
big big disaster in the country feeding
country hasn't qualified for the World
Cup the coach will be sacked the
President of the Federation has to leave
the kids they go to play rugby or other
sports cricket or god knows what rather
than football but if the same striker
instead of hitting the post well he'd
still deposed but amid bull enters it
through the net and you win that match
in the 90th minute changes the complete
landscape of the country from October
when the last matches take place until
June when the World Cup starts you have
and enthusiasm in the country the coach
is a hero the President of the
Federation is a genius because he hired
that coach the players are all gods
because they brought you to the World
Cup and so on schools and just this just
because of a coincidence because of a
goal or a post that that can change the
perception of people to football and we
need to foster this and we need to
foster the joys of toboga give yeah I'm
smiling because I've been there yeah
I've been exactly in that situation
actually I was a main character there
and I'm just kind of hoping that this 48
team idea would have happened back then
yeah on a more personal though um like
me you you are a son of immigrants left
Italy came to Switzerland my father was
polish came to Denmark so how is that
journey painful you who use enough sit
right at the top of the footballing
world that's some journey that's quite
that's quite a journey that's that's
right and I think to some extent being
the son of immigrants or being an
immigrant helps as well because you grow
up embracing different cultures
different languages entering into
conflicts which existed in these times
even more in Switzerland certainly and
you're into it and you have to find
always you know ways to to get along
football has always helped to find
dialogue to find ways to have arguments
and fights as well but to to bring
together in the village were where I
grew up where I was born where I grew up
the Swiss and the Italians communities
around around the ball and
and around football matches and do you
think so this openness for diversity in
different cultures and that is helping
you and being FIFA president yes I'm
convinced I'm convinced that this is
this is helping when you are part of a
minority in a place you and you want to
be heard or you want to convince
somebody of something well you need to
have better arguments than the others or
at least that's a feeling you get but
you need also to listen to the majority
and and and to understand the different
dynamics so it opens certainly or your
minds and it helps then when you grow to
recognize that what people in different
places think different they tick
differently they have different
traditions and different mentalities and
there's a come natural to use that comes
today quite natural to me today yes when
they did not well when when I was
growing and and with the different
fights we were having all the time you
develop and and you understand that it's
not always you know your way or the way
of your community that is the right one
from from that point of view what we
have seen already and what we can see
what football can can move for example
and speak about development of women's
football in some countries I mean I went
to Iran to speak about development of
women's football with president Ronnie
now I'm criticized in Western Europe for
going to arrive and to speaking to the
President of Iran but for me as FIFA
president if I don't go and if I don't
speak to the President of Iran and to
the authorities there about women's
football and women's access and stadiums
who is going to do that what do we
achieve if we just criticize if we just
dispute if we just argue if we block if
we boycott what do we achieve achieve
nothing if we go if we dialogue maybe we
achieve only a little bit
but even a little bit is better than
nothing and maybe we achieve nothing but
at least we keep the dialogue and the
discussion open and maybe one day we
achieve or our successors or whoever
will achieve something thanks to thanks
for football so my philosophy has always
been and will always be like this
because also us as we were saying before
I grew up this way and Switzerland as a
country gives you this opportunity you
know to to grow and to make your way and
to argue and to convince sometimes a bit
more sometimes a bit less but it's only
always with an open mindset the very
hardest question I've saved that for
lost Italy are not in the World Cup
until you're finished here so so growing
up speaking is it five languages you
speak perfect and more or less yes yeah
go up to Switzerland where you have
influence for to Germany to France and
everywhere and they're all there who are
you gonna support that's a tough one
that's it I support the referees team
will succeed at the end it's it's tough
it's tough I think the world is missing
and we'll miss during the World Cup the
odds or
like the or onions as well you know
these these traditional teams who have
made the history of the World Cup but
the 32 best are there that's how it is
and it ties in with with your idea about
the smaller countries must have an
opportunity yes so the bigger country
needs they need to say they need to stay
on a game they can't just expect so but
you still have an answer my question
which team I was aboard yeah Denmark to
see you in every every three games at
the beginning and then the next three as
well and then obviously you are gonna do
that's the finals yeah exactly there for
sure so
well thank you very much and very very
interesting everything so thank you very
much for spending this half an hour
thank William thank you
