this Theatre in Paris has become
synonymous with tragedy plans by a
controversial Muslim rapper to perform
here have struck a deep chord why well
just take a listen to some of the lyrics
this song was released early in 2015
before this horrific attack and it's not
only the provocative lyrics about Islam
and france's secular tradition in
Medina's career he even has an album
called jihad
although the rapper himself says he is
against violence and the word refers to
an internal struggle nevertheless
thousands have now signed a petition
calling for his gigs in October to be
cancelled and some politicians have
joined in on the protests no French
person can accept that this guy's going
to spew his filth at the very sight of
the Bataclan massacre we have had enough
of complacency and worse of this
incitement to Islamist fundamentalism
the rapper medina de Bataclan an
unacceptable provocation the families of
the victims are not being respected
the hosting of the rapper Madine at the
Bataclan is an unbearable insult the
memory of the victims of the 13th
November 2015 there are symbols that
cannot be desecrated I asked Emmanuel
macron to ban this concert lawyers
representing some of the relatives of
those who were killed and injured in the
massacre
and now calling for the concert to be
cancelled we the loss of the victims and
the victims themselves we cannot
understand our support the fact that at
the Bataclan theater where people were
killed and Islamist horas occurred
someone can sing things like that we've
been gauging opinion on the issue with
people in the French capital
why are you faster I think he can't
perform at the Baroque lon I don't
consider it an issue even consider it
for a second but like I said who's his
crowd really France Cruz is not a
problem for him to play at the Bataclan
he denounced the things that happened
for oku so we have to let artists
express themselves but I don't
understand the feelings of the victims
families and those who are affected by
the attack it seems one of France's
darkest hours continues to tear people
apart
Charlotte divinsky RT Paris we've asked
the rapper Modena and the battle and
theater for their comments and as soon
as we hear anything bad we'll let you
know what they say
