so we're signing a very important
document pretty comprehensive document
and we've had a really great term
together a great relationship I'll be
giving a news conference at 2:30 which
is in a little bit less than two hours
and we'll discuss this at great length
in the meantime I believe that they'll
be handing it out on behalf of chairman
honored to sign the document thank you
meda to ship a Michigan we're on a
Nikita we gonna hire you to give me the
focus to be a measurement you get
Smitherman an instant kuvasz you get
good food Oman in an IPO unique is like
a PITA
today we had a historic meeting and
decided to leave the past behind and we
are about to sign a historic document
says I wanna be another Italy the world
will see what made you change all be as
oh no Eugene how do i express my
gratitude to president front to make
this meeting happen thank you very much
okay
mr. president deliveries in DubLi clear
eyes sir starting that process very
quickly very very quickly absolutely mr.
president 100% denuclearization did you
talk about otto warmbier sir you'll be
seeing everything in just a little while
the letter that we're signing is very
comprehensive and I think both sides are
going to be very impressed with the
result a lot of goodwill went into this
a lot of work a lot of preparation I
want to thank everybody on both sides
secretary Bob Mayo and all of his
counterparts they were absolutely
fantastic
man evacuate some manners and I'm
finished only reversible Europe it was
the manager go mr. Smee de criança
country music or geography mañana de
tous on sugar karate know that we get
hamsa trevita
thank you very much it's fantastic
thank you very much we'll see you a
little bit later and we're very proud of
what took place today I think our whole
relationship with North Korea and the
Korean Peninsula is it's going to be a
very much different situation that it
has in the best we both want to do
something we both are going to do
something and we have developed a very
special bond so people are going to be
very impressed people are going to be
very happy and we're going to take care
of a very big and very dangerous problem
for the world and I want to thank
chairman Kim spent a lot of time
together today very intensive time and I
would actually say that it worked out
for both of us far better than anybody
could have expected I think far better I
watched the various news reports I would
say far better than anybody even
predicted and this is going to lead to
more and more and more and it's an honor
to be with you very great honor thank
you thank you to all of your
representatives very much Johana hey
Katara go passengers face Sumida kim
hyun joong you care comes as did you go
so there ago general Magna me who do
gawky they talk about that Azuga
educates over those whom and I go to
Navarro it was a custom EDA so a proto
man and chinchou geezer cocoa or you
came and negate it was a young girls in
the community money comes now
yeah thank you very much everybody we
invite Jerry came to the White House
absolutely I will mr. Kim would you like
to come the Washington
because
