national teams from all across the globe
are arriving in Russia for the FIFA
World Cup among the latest team arrivals
Brazil's touchdown in the southern city
of Sochi and Serbia in the westernmost
part of Russia
Kaliningrad both nations get their
tournaments underway on June the 17th
Brazil will play Switzerland in
rostov-on-don and Serbia against Costa
Rica will take place in Samara a
foursome though it seems that this World
Cup is not just about the beautiful game
in the run-up some media outlets have
been focusing on those notorious Russian
football hooligans and the threat that
they might pose to coming to Russia in
the now follows two Australian
filmmakers next as they tried to
separate fact from fiction Russian fans
are turning to violence and hooliganism
this is a thug's
sanctioned by the Kremlin Vladimir Putin
was somehow linked to the hooligans the
alleged leader of the Russian hooligans
in Marseille the silly the killer we got
the tickets I got my film crew together
than me and Alex finally got to Russia
so he could become a hooligan it's time
to head in posing as tourists we managed
to get a camera inside
where can I find the hole again there
are no hooligan they're on the fence in
a stadium full of organs we got nowhere
for some reason these Russian hooligans
refuse to admit to us that they were
actually Morgan's I tracked down the men
who terrorized Marseille they agreed to
talk but only on the condition their
identities are disguised it turns out
the butchers were at the center of the
violence I was told to speak to the man
who led them in France who was to be
called Dennis oh yeah right what are you
reckon it's pretty cool I'm first to
meet you yes
nice to meet you must be nice to meet
you are you sure this is right on the
camera they looked different their faces
or more woman yeah motherfucker still
not scary to boot miss no show last
night
where is a waist Dennis expressive
almost nyet leader Giza even you'd have
done your board honest Muslim the person
has BBC you guys ready come on it's
really a killer killer born a hooligan
evil Elsa one gardener Alicia Putin a
Couture apostolic what Ferren so Rosa
brats as ugly scary polish in
cognitively Mercy's kissable Natasha
buttons Floyd my photography as Lucius
to a team spirit carries of alia - alia
animal a levels law to Istanbul
convention Julia HS Patrol DJ minion as
well
at the booth business Bullock Lagaan of
keturah Cattrall a dealer in Putin
topicality of Robo it can't be true
because I saw online you said you were
part of the special military forces of
football sent five Vladimir Putin to
conquer Europe the equation it will
aesthetic aresia I feel me
etymology BBC yep CT remove the gallows
key Britain's key Prius patent on diode
primary issue on D literally - one
moment how did you even find each color
how do you know it's a real facility the
killer like there's a lot of
distilleries in Russia if you definitely
pursue your looks just like a snob
Basilio facility I understand mr. Lee I
know bacilli this is not the feeling is
definitely Vasily work I'm sorry the
tripped intern on how you wanted to see
no that's all right yeah this is a bit
confused reckon you got enough footage
to the document no no I I hunt I know
anyone who would watch a scary Russian
hooligan documentary without any scary
aliens in it
