concerning the return of brushes g8 we
never left it our colleagues time
refused to come to Russia for the known
reasons we still welcome them in
everyone in Moscow concerning the
comparison of the g7 and the SCO the
purchasing parity of SCO countries is
bigger yes g7 countries are richer but
the scale of the economy is bigger in
the SCO countries let's cross live now
to China our T's are Daniel Hawkins
standing by after the Russian President
Daniel just made some comments there to
the press covering some issue for
example referring to the drama around
Trump with the g7 currently in effect in
Quebec in Canada what what are the
highlights do you have for us from the
SCO on this Sunday I think questions to
mr. Putin surrounding the g7 meeting
were pretty much inevitable given the
publicity they've received as we heard
there he very much extended an olive
branch to mr. Trump to g7 leaders as
well stating they were always welcome in
Moscow in particular answering one
journalists question about his
much-discussed meeting with Donald Trump
that he agrees that this would be
something constructive he shares many of
Donald Trump's concerns including the
one about building up of arms on the arm
race he says that a meeting would be
constructive and it was only a matter of
settling logistics and technicalities
for this to go ahead perhaps in Austria
in the near future regarding other
issues around the g7 he said that there
was unity among the countries
surrounding for example the incident in
Salisbury the poisoning of Sergey
scruple the former spy and his daughter
he said the unity was based on shaky
ground because still up until now no
concrete evidence no concrete
accusations had been put forward and mr.
Putin stated can believe that
enough talk there was need for concrete
discussion concrete words not just vague
accusations so strong words on that on
the SCO summit he said it had been
productive highlighting many of the
agreements that had been signed at quite
a big list that where the journalists
have given out here today ranging as we
said from economic cooperation to
military and political
closeness as well cultural exchanges a
very much wide variety of agreements
including of course with those two new
members Pakistan and India attending
this year for the first time as fully
fledged members with Putin saying that
now the the state of the SCO the number
of members was optimal and this was what
was needed for a strong regional
cooperation and to decide the regional
and more wider international problems as
well touching upon the discussions
surrounding North Korea Iran and Syria
as well for example so very much a wider
range of issues covered by mr. Putin in
this year's SCO summit yeah it's been a
really interesting stomach so far but
we're of course with the g7 going on in
Canada you have these people where you
are in China shaking hands doing diplo
speak signing contracts signing
agreements and then Oh over in Canada at
the g7 you have bickering infighting and
divisions it's really quite a contrast
in these two summits going on at the
same time on either ends of the world
but Daniel Hawkins live at the SEO in
China thank you
you
