the art world is having its first
encounter with crypto currencies work by
the pop artist Andy Warhol is being
auctioned using blockchain technology
investors will be able to make bids
using crypto currency and will co-owned
the work a blockchain technology is also
being discussed here in Russia world
experts and innovators met in Russia's
version of Silicon Valley skolkovo to
raise important issues surrounding the
future of blockchain arty is Miguel
Francis Santiago was there for us
Russian blockchain week one of the
longest-running blockchain events of the
year and Moscow let's see what these
innovators are up to here in Russia
Russian blockchain week began on a
historical day in the country an almost
unanimous passing of a draft official
cryptocurrency legislation at the state
duma the lore defines crypto currencies
and tokens as property and lays out
specifications for interacting with
crypto and blockchain related
technologies however not all the
legislation was clear and many elements
raised some eyebrows like giving in your
wallets private keys to the government
maria Granof sky and timothy rah some of
the more prominent international
blockchain and FinTech lawyers gave us
their take the problem of the
legislature redraft that we have been
saying was that they were all a bit
dragging in different directions
so each Authority was trying to protect
its fare and not really listen to others
collaboration watching shows this is
very important also very important is to
learn from international experience and
from what people have done elsewhere I
have to give my keys of my private
crypto wallet to the government and to
make it clear no one no one will ever do
it you know so it means that we're
creating the law that no one will follow
no matter the legislation the blockchain
innovators were going full swing and
Skolkovo like these guys from Hollywood
coin were disrupting the visual effects
market by offering their tokenized
blockchain platform for rendering
services of 3d animation and graphics on
the par with Hollywood's top visual
effects studios driving the price down
and breaking the monopoly of Hollywood's
visual effects market all thanks to the
world's fastest supercomputer in China
we have found a way for anyone to use
the computing power of the world's
fastest computer son wait I Chi light to
render visual effects in 3d animations
today there are many rendering farms but
thanks the supercomputer
we can provide rendering services to
even cgi beginners much cheaper and
faster and most importantly of the same
quality as Hollywood's top visual
effects Studios which special guest the
23 year old crypto millionaire Evan
Luthra also made it to Moscow as he has
recently fall in love with the city and
blocking opportunities in Russia I stole
my first company when I was 17 made a
couple million from that and started
investing that what I realized as
technologies come and go but the idea of
desalinization and decent eyes and
distributed systems and governance is
what excites me why I do what I do is so
that you me pay more everybody can have
the same power
that's what luxury edibles for us and
that's the idea and if someday we could
have a world that's fair to everybody
there's no better goal in life for me
you
