can our Google is changing its emojis it
tries to make inclusiveness and
diversity a priority but is it really
being politically correct
Donald quarter takes a look Google just
unveiled its latest project for
politically correct inclusion this time
they're going after offensive emojis it
all started with the salad emoji deemed
offensive to vegans because there was an
egg in it so they decided to drop that
offensive food item but the anti vegan
problem won't be solved with just that
it's still a pizza sporting some pretty
offensive pepperoni Google also pushes
the pan of food emoji featuring prawns
and mussels swimming in a stew and worst
of all the bento box emoji it's got not
one but two eggs in view and these
revolutionary changes in the world of
emojis are not just about vegans a
dangerous looking dagger has been rimmed
with gems and changed to a turquoise
color so it doesn't remind people of
mass knife attacks an angry goat has had
his frown turned upside down to make
animal lovers happy and most importantly
of all the revolver emoji has been
transformed into an orange water gun
finally Google is ready to tackle issues
like gender-neutral family emojis before
there was only a collection of gay
lesbian and straight families this one
is lesbian and now this one is
gender-neutral
so Google knew what to change but there
are some areas it left out entirely
where's the Asian origin emoji
there are church mosque Shinto shrine
Kaaba and synagogue emojis but none for
a Buddhist temple and the emoji for the
wedding only depicts a church let the
outrage ensue there may be a day when
Google's emojis are 100% offense free
and then
be the day Google deletes emojis
altogether Donald quarter Artie
you
