biggest event in football the World Cup
kicks off in under a week's time and
national teams coaches referees and fans
they're all ready flocking in 11 host
cities are ready to give them a warm
welcome as indeed are the Russian people
but he gets through annika footballer -
all football fans and the greatest
football teams on the planet welcome
welcome to all who have already arrived
in Russia and to those who are planning
to take part in this landmark
international event the FIFA World Cup
it is with immense joy in a great honor
that we receive representatives of the
great football family we want this event
to be a celebration filled with passion
and emotion I hope you'll have an
unforgettable experience not only
watching the matches of your favorite
teams and admiring the players skills
but also getting to know Russia learning
about its identity and culture its
unique history and natural diversity its
hospitable sincere and friendly people
we've done our best to ensure that all
of our guests the athletes the staff and
of course the fans feel at home in
Russia we've opened both our country and
our hearts to the world welcome to the
FIFA World Cup it is my pleasure to
share this moment with you
welcome to Russia
you
