the street child world cop takes
disadvantaged children from across the
world Russia England the United States
as becca stan and pakistan it's the
third world cup the first was in south
africa the second in brazil world cup
legend Gilberto Silva is one of the
supporters let's watch the tournament
take place here at the locomotive arena
we are here pitch side the fever is
building if the excitement doesn't get
here for the FIFA World Cup then it
should these kids are absolutely loving
it
delighted a John the organizer of this
quite incredible event and a fellow
Englishman is here and the Ambassador is
excellency for Burundi here in Russia
let's let's start with you please mr.
ambassador we just seen the national
anthem the kids loving it they're very
excited how proud are you of these young
men coming to represent Burundi here at
the street child World Cup as I said
before last time when we met it's a very
good opportunity for the keys but also
for the countries because they are we
call them new generation but they are
also the future generation because they
are our kids and they need our support
what an incredible event now give us a
little potted history street child World
Cup I'm auntie Lai a street child in
South Africa in 2010 and he said to me
when people see me on the streets they
say I'm a street child but when they see
me playing football they say I am a
person I'm a person like you so we
organized a World Cup for kids that live
on the streets to change the way that
streets were seen and to change the way
the street children are treated and
finally tell us about the kids how much
if they enjoy playing against each of
the plane with each other mixing with
each other
okay these aren't ordinary kids these
are kids who live on the streets these
are kids without birth certificates so
just to get here they've had to have
birth certificates they have to be
somebody for the very first time then
they have to have passports then they
have to have visas they've never
traveled out of their country before
they have represent in their country at
a World Cup Bernie's never been in the
World Cup never been in Africa Cup of
Nations here they are where the World
Cup is representing their country and
their country is on their side
fantastic John huge congratulations who
don't means a lot to you fantastic work
that you doing
so we're up in the stands we've got Team
India giving lots of passionate support
to their country team India take it away
this is the prize for the street child
world cup winners the girls and the boys
fighting for this fantastic trophy and
they'll go home as world champions Adam
you are the Brazil manager and you a
Scotsman discussed that's correct yeah
I've been in Brazil 30 years and I'm
looking after this team of wonderful
girls from Brazil how important is it
for these kids their identity their
growth as human beings to be able to
join other kids from around the world
this events like this oh it's very very
very important just the fact that
they're able to play football in their
own community it's good it's safe for
them with what we've set up there but to
be able to come over here and take part
in this competition it's a wonderful
competition the ghettos are meeting
people from all over the world and then
they take that experience they go back
to Rio they go back to their community
and they say hey guys there's a world
out there and there's other people like
us all over the world and they've got
potential just like us
amazing the girls have really gone
insane spirits
which country is gonna win the World Cup
resented me as a manager tell us about
your experience at the street job World
Cup and has it been enjoyable
oh absolutely amazing experience thus
far you know to bring this many nations
together this many cultures this many
backgrounds and have the kids be able to
a compete against each other and then
share their experiences and learn from
them
has just been wonderful all around for
us I got my favorite experience is
actually getting to talk to everyone
doing the charades and figuring out what
language is white and what we're saying
to each other that's just amazing to me
great to meet you guys
I'm delighted to be joined by a man that
will be familiar to many many people
across the world Roberto silver Gilberto
why you here supporting Street child
I'm involving street child for quite a
long time you know last time when they
were in Brazil was there for the first
time and since then was so difficult to
just get away from them because you know
it's so much passion here from what they
do for these kids is amazing the way to
work I'm feel proud to be here and very
familiar for me in this kind of
environment you know because look at my
background and join them here is
something I feel very close how
important is it for kids around the
world to play each other in this kind of
fantastic arena and facilities it's
about the opportunity for them it's a
great opportunity for them to don't you
have a biggest aspiration for the life
will put inspiration I think this will
inspire them for the future because we
have to give opportunity for them
doesn't matter where they are in the
world you know if in their communities
in their villages their power whatever
if they have a chance to play football
why not give them the opportunity it's
important to give this let's say this
tool for them to think
what they can achieve because everyone
is capable of doing something they can
change their futures great to see you
see you at the World Cup you still look
as if you could play your vert our
silver World Cup legend thank you
Lagasse and the coach of tons in the air
you can see the girls behind us you're
in the final are you nervous no no I
think I'm confidence with my my goals I
think that they can do what it was it's
as needed
it's the final of the girls tournaments
that the street child will Cup 2018
it's Brazil against Tanzania
tell us how you feel you've won the
World Cup tell us how you feel about
Brazil winning the World Cup
brilliant fantastic fantastic it's
incredible to see the girls and the
emotion here this is the realization of
a dream for them oh yeah they can't wait
to get back home without cup now I can
tell you
so the Brazilian girls have won the
world straight choked up is this a good
omen for Brazil we'll see
Stan Collymore show is on its way to
Kiev in Ukraine we could not get a
direct flight all sold out so we stopped
off in Warsaw to come and have a look at
this magnificent National Stadium and
chat to a couple of guys about polish
chances in the FIFA World Cup in Russia
Poland 132 qualifiers for the FIFA World
Cup what kind of shape are they going
into this huge summer tournament
obviously we have some big expectations
after a good Euro 2016 and Poland is
still I would say developing the team
young players are coming in we have the
same coach who's from 2013 now the
minimum is to qualify from the group and
then you always know everything can
happen in the in the next stage lots of
people in the world watching this would
know 11 dog ski and what happens is
especially with some of the younger
viewers that they've just got one player
you know England its Harry came it's
it's messy with Argentina tell us about
the players that support him in our
important they are yet definitely one of
the players that you can look for is our
wonder kids which is progeny ski from
from Napoli no it's just sorry his coach
that at one press conference that he's
gonna be the next Kevin de Bruin s so we
obviously have to wait a little bit more
and look what's what's he's going to
show in in Russia two years ago it
wasn't his tournament the problem with
risk is a little bit like in his head
Ian he doesn't have maybe that much
confidence that he should have basically
his quality in terms of football is its
massive it's amazing I remember like
reading about him being scouted by
Liverpool Scouts and they didn't even
know which food is better because he
plays that well with left and right and
basically his technique and like think
he things like a chess player few steps
forward so if he can provide this
support
- - levin dosti Lermontov Sookie is
gonna feel a little bit better fantastic
to make a lots of kids today very very
busy down the to show us around
Wow so tell me about the stadium what's
the capacity 58,000 seats so it's not
the biggest stadium in Europe but it's
the biggest stadium in Poland you know
actually in the last three weeks we had
the final of a Polish Cup on 2nd of May
then we had speedway competition then we
had booked first and now we have a
boxing night on on Friday Jackie what
your thoughts on on the manager how
important it could be at the World Cup
yeah he's the guy who is there who
players trust he's honest he's hard
worker he spent most important he's the
partner for them he show he understand
their players
how far can Poland go in your opinion in
this World Cup quarter-finals
semi-finals could they win it Jackie
final final yes why not
why not you know we have the players
really really big stars in the in the in
the Europe very respectable dream the
optimistic that would be absolutely
fantastic to go to the final that would
be a dream of course but I'm not that
optimistic I think if we're gonna go to
quarter-final that would that's gonna be
a huge success as we said like the next
round after the group it's gonna be
probably Belgium or England so it will
be from ourselves
England 1966 won the World Cup 1970
arguably have their best team and then
it's the very famous corn backside from
Pele in 1974 England didn't qualify
because of Poland yeah and that's
obviously the game that everybody
everybody remembers gentlemen thank you
so much for joining me on this town
college I was great to see yourself to
provide the same high Ohio okay okay
thank you very much for joining us and
they wish Poland all the very best in
the world
well hi Ryan thank you very much for
letting us use this amazing hotel
football and overlooking the iconic
Manchester United idiom stadium you know
very well talking of iconic figures in
Manchester United besides yourself
Sir Alex Ferguson obviously sad news but
it wind sad news like this happened you
sort of you see what an important person
you know Sir Alex Ferguson is I mean
what impact did he have one on your
career and and also your life yeah I
mean obviously he was the biggest
influence on my career you know I met
him when I was 13 and we're still
playing for him when I was 39 so yeah
from boy to man and influence both on
and off the pitch and someone who knew
how to get the best of me and it was
obviously brilliant for me for my career
gave me a chance in the first team at 17
and the opposite of that you know was
able to get the best out of me until I
was 39 40 so an amazing manager but not
only that an amazing person now you've
gone into management what do you think
you might take from Sir Alex Ferguson
yeah I think it's only natural you know
working so closely with him and you know
being in my opinion that the greatest
manager that's ever lived
I think his my management was was the
one thing that I would take out of it
because he handled everyone differently
he knew that everyone was a little bit
different he knew what made people tick
you know someone needed maybe shouting
out someone maybe the UNAM round the
shoulder someone needed games someone
may be needed resting and that is
something that you know I will try and
take into my own management style but
also just like he says to me you know
you have to be your own man as well you
know take bits of what you've learned
throughout your career but ultimately
you have to do it your
why soon as he said he gave you a chance
at a young age is that something you
might look to emulate in your management
career maybe bringing up some of the
young players yeah I did that in my
first squad you know I give I think it
was two or three debuts so that is
something that I've always believed
impossible because I I was one of them
people you know given her a chance at a
young age and the manager was never
afraid to put young footballers into the
team he always believed that they would
give you something that would give you a
hundred percent with your coaching style
I know that when you did some coaching
and management at Manchester United you
highlighted the fact that Manchester
United's have a special philosophy your
well squad very together it is that
something you're looking to bring into
the Welsh squad yeah yeah I mean you
could be the most talented team in the
world but you know if you haven't got
that team spirit then you won't win
anything and I was lucky enough to be
part of so many great teams great
players but one thing that we had we had
a good team spirit I'm lucky that I've
inherited a great bunch of buncha lads
you know I seen that firsthand on the
China tour they're not only teammates
they're friends which which helps you
know I would never rest on my laurels
when I was a player and I don't want my
players to do the same you want them to
achieve better things maybe
unfortunately you didn't get to a World
Cup is that is that an extra motivation
to get this Welsh team to a World Cup
and also looking ahead to the euros yeah
but you know I think there is a
balancing act I think that when I was
involved I nearly qualified for the
World Cup in 94 and then also the euros
in the early millennium and then after
both them campaigns we were nowhere near
the next year or the next campaign so
the fact that okay we got to the euros
but we were still competing in the next
campaign for the World Cup I think is a
plus okay we didn't get there which is
disappointing but I don't want you know
Wales to be constantly like that I want
us to be completing for every
Championships there's a head and the
World Cup in summer in Russia
is there any team do you think that
people should look out for I think other
than the obvious ones you know the
Brazil's the German is I'm quite
interested to see how Belgium and France
will do because I think probably they've
the two squads have got the most
talented individuals young players is it
a chance to really challenge themselves
on the big stage yeah is I mean young
players sometimes emerge in a World Cup
and it's the making of them the likes of
sterling Rushford closer to home it'd be
interesting to see how these players do
because the talented players the players
who get fans off their seats and yeah
you know similar to Michael Owen was it
the 98 World Cup similar to Wayne I
think was in 2004 maybe it can't be the
emergence of young players in major
championships and I know that Salford
have just announced a women's team
Manchester United women's team what's
the aim I think the same as is with the
first team really just be the best team
that we can also with the youth team we
were always keen to have a women's team
right from the beginning we sort of
built from the top and then wanted to
just gradually filter younger teams and
obviously a women's team as well once we
got established and we've done that so
it's exciting we've got trials the end
of May how much do you think that Bulls
changed since since you were a
Manchester United player do you think I
think maybe the style of football
changed from when our first started
obviously is is huge now you know
there's nearly a game on every every
night on TV which is great there's also
bigger media scrutiny with players
obviously the introduction of social
media every young kid knows everything
about footballers now whether it be from
computer games where would be watching
them on the TV
whether it be Instagram footballers are
more accessible now than than they were
probably when I first started but I'm
styles and yeah I think it goes through
stages really I think we've seen some
exciting football this year especially
in the Premier League and I hope to see
it in the World Cup I think all the best
players you know reckon
all of us players Messi Ronaldo Neymar
Salah this year and we got sterling
Rushford these are all players who like
to beat defenders and make things happen
and and that's what you want to see as a
fun thank you very much for talking to
us and obviously this is the Stan
Collymore show do you have any funny
memories of playing against stand when
he went to forest he was a top top
player at a couple of brilliant seasons
and he scored here in fact I think they
beat us 1 nil so it's not a funny memory
but for sure but no I mean he was a top
player I remember at the time I think
the manager was I think he might have
been his first pick over Kohli and I
think Stan I had turned him down al we
couldn't get them and we ended up
getting Andy Cole so yeah mid-90s he was
a he was a top player and you know did
great things God great goals I'm like I
say unfortunately and I think was a
winning goal there was a good goal as
well
we finally reached the conclusion of our
review of the group phase at Russia 2018
as we prepare ourselves for World Cup
action Group H contains Poland and
Colombia but Senegal and Japan will
fight for a qualification place as
potential runners-up the polls are
currently tenth in the FIFA World
Rankings and the prowess of striker
Robert Lewandowski will guarantee they
pose a significant threat the 29 year
old is one of the greatest strikers on
the planet and it will captain aside
when the Group H action kicks off on the
19th of June Colombia will add flair to
proceedings but lost Kappa Terrace only
sneaked through South American
qualification by a solitary point the
coffee growers will be led by Monaco
striker Radamel Falcao who all wear the
captain's armband after rediscovering
his goalscoring form in league after bad
luck with injury Senegal will represent
Africa at the competition with 15
million countrymen cheering on the Lions
of Teranga from home this will be the
nation's second World Cup Finals
appearance after qualifying back in 2002
when they made the quarterfinals Japan
have qualified out of the group stage
twice during the previous four World
Cups
but the samurai blue will be Outsiders
for the forthcoming tournament the Asian
Confederation side have previously
ranked as high as eighth in FIFA's world
rankings but they currently sit way down
in 60th
that's it for our roundup of the
greatest sporting event on earth myself
and the crew were all packed and ready
to go to Moscow for the first match as
Russia opened the competition against
Saudi Arabia on Thursday the 14th of
June at the iconic
Luzhniki stadium we'll be bringing you
to programs a week during the World Cup
on RT I shall be going out on Tuesdays
and Fridays make sure you follow our
travels as we explore Russia and bring
you interviews with the biggest names in
the football world thanks for watching
we can't wait to get started
