the US Secretary of State has taken a
swipe what he described as modern-day
tyranny the foreign policy message came
in a tweet by Mike Pompeo about the 74th
anniversary of d-day during World War
two
that's when US and Allied troops landed
in Normandy to liberate Western Europe
from Nazi forces while the Secretary of
State referred to d-day as the turning
point in the fight against the Nazis not
mentioning though the Soviet Union's
immense contribution to the victory and
Pompeyo also chose not to elaborate on
what countries he sees is tyrannical in
the modern world earlier State
Department spokesperson Heather now it
also made an awkward comment using the
d-day landings as an example of the
long-standing relations between the US
and Germany when you talk about Germany
we have a very strong relationship with
the government of Germany very strong
relationship looking back in the history
books today is the 71st anniversary of
the speech that now announced the
Marshall Plan tomorrow is the
anniversary of the d-day invasion
we obviously have a very long history
with the government of Germany okay well
let's get the thoughts now of
independent journalist Luke Rivera who's
with us this evening
hello Gigi Lou I'm not sure if you heard
that comment there from the State
Department spokesperson but she's
basically underlined the relations
between America and Germany using d-days
an example a strange example to use
well it's she should review her courses
in geography and above all in history
and in diplomacy of course on d-day the
Germans were on the wrong side and the
Americans on the good side but what
strikes me in comparison Iraq and her
remark too is the fact that they seem to
believe like we do in the West very
often that we won the war full stop
forgetting the Red Army if you look at
the number of victims of soldiers who
were killed during the war its 8.7
million for the Red Army while the
Americans as a whole for the whole war
lost only 400,000 men so it's a 21 times
more than the American casualties and of
course you had 10 million Russians who
died in the war so it's terrible and the
real victories of the Second World War
is clearly the Soviet Union and of
course the Americans helped they are the
second pillars let's say of the Allies
but the second one not the first sorry
folks that's one thing
by the way Heather as it is the charming
name of that spokesperson for the State
Department got one thing right it is
that we also have the anniversary of the
Marshall Plan which was a balloon of
oxygen for Western Europe that brought
the economy back you know in shape after
the terrible war that we had gone
through so um clearly she has three of
you I think since she should not be the
spokesperson for the State Department
for God's sake one thing that Mike
Pompeo also said or referred to was a
modern-day tyrannies but he didn't sort
of go on to expand who might that
include why do you think that wasn't
perhaps any guesses who do you think he
was referring to
while you you don't have many words on
the tweeter his boss knows that but mr.
Pompeo is new we're tweeting so maybe he
didn't really want to say what he said
but of course he doesn't he doesn't tell
us what are the present-day tyrants Iran
we guess yes but are the Europeans his
allies against Iran I'm not so sure
today since the Europeans sent a letter
to Washington saying that they disagreed
and that the sanctions should be
reviewed and you don't know maybe the
tyrants of today for mr. Pompeo include
Russia why not all China so it is really
unclear and not welcome I think as his
remarks at least the he got it right I
mean it was the Americans against the
Germans on d-day sure is it strange that
we have so the Secretary of State's I
know Donald Trump does it a lot but now
the secretary state is taken to Twitter
to make these sort of remarks you don't
see them from other politicians so much
from other countries is this just an
American thing do you think I think it's
an American thing though of course you
see I mean my co and others are starting
to to tweet as well and send messages on
social media in a much more relaxed way
much more than before so I suppose it
well spread around the world but the
language of diplomacy is also changing
because of mr. Donald Trump's
nominations I mean she also mentioned
Heather the charming lady of the State
Department she also mentioned mr.
Grinnell the the new ambassador to to
Berlin of the u.s. to Berlin and his
remarks about boosting conservatives in
Germany I think that's also undiplomatic
you know it's it shouldn't be that like
that I mean diplomacy should be neutral
and you can be influential with a few
words like for example the king of
Sweden or the king of Belgium or the
British royal family are also
spokespersons that can defend the
country without having to say it plainly
brutally as mr. crenell just said a few
days ago in Germany
sure okay interesting stuff Luke we're
gonna have to leave it there but nice
touji that was independent journalist
league reveille thank you
you
