the Russian president wrapped up his
annual televised Q&A session with the
public in the last hour with questions
ranging from domestic issues to the
prospect of World War three
Arty's muruga's TF has been across
what's been happening over the afternoon
good afternoon she again Murad just tell
us there and what were the the main
issues that were raised well it's
difficult to sum up four hours and 20
minutes of questions and answers but
some of the things that really stood out
was what Vladimir Putin had to say about
foreign affairs and here for example
Vladimir Putin recently presented a slew
of super weapons we're talking here
about bigger more powerful faster
nuclear missiles ballistic missiles as
well as hypersonic missiles which travel
at six seven kilometers a second through
the atmosphere about nuclear-powered
missiles and one viewer challenged
Vladimir Putin saying you know does this
stuff really exist there are those who
doubt new Russian weapons are soon going
to be put into service back in 2004 they
were doubting the avant-garde system but
now we see it in Syria and that's not
everything that we're planning to
produce and put into service as I said
in my address it's too early to talk
about it but we will speak out soon the
president stressed that this isn't about
saber rattling or waving your guns
around or you know measuring anything
with anyone but this is about parity
this is about making sure that Russia
has a deterrent that no enemy knew a
potential opponent can overcome Russia
and here another particularly worried
viewer asked lad Amir Putin how close we
are to World War three you know you can
recall Einstein's words he said I don't
know with what weapons World War three
will be fought but World War four will
be fought with sticks and stones the
understanding of the fact that World War
three may be the end of modern
civilization must deter us
from extreme actions on the
international scene all this more
Tolkien fears is no surprise given
current tensions between the East and
the West between Russia and the United
States and its allies and people asked
you know when is this gonna end when is
this division going to end these
sanctions these restrictions and
Vladimir Putin said that they won't
until we will treat each other as equals
until nations learn to respect each
other and to compromise to understand
that there are differences in the
various countries have various interests
he pointed out Europe where he says
winds are changing there is now open
talk of lifting sanctions against Russia
Vladimir Putin stressed that you know
sanctions and restrictions they've never
served anyone they always come back to
bite whoever put them in place and he
pointed to the trade war that has just
erupted between Europe and the United
States saying that the new tariffs that
Washington has slapped in the Europeans
which have made them very unhappy those
aren't so much tariffs as they are
sanctions you know as Minister for one
of the French government's ministers
recently said that the US shouldn't be
allowed to become the economic policeman
of the world and he spoke about it
publicly the former German Minister of
Finance publicly said that Germany
hasn't been a fully sovereign state
since 1945 everybody can see what's
going on but probably our partners
thought it would never affect them that
kind of politics is counterproductive a
politics of limitations and sanctions
now that was what glad Mayor Putin had
to say about foreign policy obviously
most of what was talked about in this
Q&A session was domestic affairs
domestic things things that worried
Russians such as salary taxes healthcare
education corruption always always a big
one but Vladimir Putin also spoke about
the upcoming World Cup due to kick off
in about the week in
in all over Russia really and he said
that the Russian team lately hasn't
hasn't played as well perhaps as some
would expect and he said he hoped that
now that the World Cup is here they'll
really show what they've got yeah and
hopefully they will when they play Saudi
Arabia in a week's time thanks Murad
that was a murdered gas TF for us
you
