Emmanuel macron has made an unusual
comparison during a press conference
with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu answering a CNN reporters
question about a phone call with Donald
Trump
the French president borrowed a quote
from a 19th century German statesman
Otto von Bismarck is it true that you
had a strained conversation with Donald
Trump
she said me I can't any queries I never
tell what happens backstage because as
Bismarck said if you tell people how
sausages are made they'll probably stop
eating them an earlier CNN report
describes that phone call between the US
and French leader as terrible
we spoke to media analyst Lionel he
thinks microns quip fits into a
carefully crafted public image McCrone
is obviously trying to show that he is
tough too maybe he's trying to act more
of the napoleonic visages has been
alleged to be sporting maybe he wants to
be tough don't think for a moment that
Trump and Makran didn't work this out
where they said you say this I'll say
this
we'll both be happy and we'll talk later
the world doesn't understand this
because a lot of people just don't like
Trump they think he's a fool then he
speaks stupidly at times he has been in
the number one television show forever
this was his first time it seems like he
knows PR he knows image he knows exactly
what to say he knows the way the media
will play something he's very very smart
and very very deft and very adept and
very adroit when it comes to pursuing
and presenting things in terms of the
media and macron maybe doing the same
thing for all we know this could be
orchestrated both look tough both sides
win
