Koskov on owatta sister he flies monday
on Gmarket
muslim stifling turrets and they'll say
good it's human the skeet option yahoo
that ibis femur so who owned guests are
not there and Poisson ratio paleo
friendly Giada ghastly for fertilization
Roseland contested a Bunsen burner
Afton's a signal to inter-american
Soviet Union interested I particularly
corporate solution gas bomb on door and
foul and it's a salmon about the you
gotta attend our skit Senate Majority
pirate Tyler to fringe talent from
katinhat at absolute insulation animal
art and I'm not more not even him to
start enforce its universe faucets in
the evaporation on your own we live in
an outside to name and the spaniel and
Cynthia later published it festers tell
him a permit to expand to Hispanics a
pipette suit on
they were the Soviets don't in to
confirm clarity Jesus not relish until
the father sanction an unsuspecting like
strategies so the storage here in Austin
politician insist him angklung with
Operation Union handling weird about
lights attic is that the oak meet
Roseland enormous technician of
restriction inferior fish Mooney own in
schizont
its regular Americans act Muslim hunt
OPA tentatively hissed was lence immense
thanks esa cosa tile muslims an intro
attic tile for Naropa underneath a
thousand stay in this revision eyelid a
Sweden in Santa hope new meat was land
moodiest
on the net - Reagan I know global
problem and
neurontin between Muslims to loosen sang
east on Zulu is insane
Fiat President Putin on this hub for
shido-san politician Fang angry spoken
on the unknown busy for stinking and the
situation with Iran
yes our fighting President Putin is the
feeling to Santa gift place but nephew
see hurt see know how my week is empty
who can he associated Agassi own here
and being visual sensitive and highly
armed the Indians finished endure in
Constitution mercy on Vida
when I say and Santa Australian
definitely admitting more intently to
the enemy Tosh to cast in being beaten
with with in rootin tootin like our
master Ali Matar Schwitters
consciousness to a Monsieur Thomas
National President Putin to pursue
white sand and cancels landing from the
enemy - thank you sir God abundance
president - the effort endowment Aaron
which much to me for I am for him bonus
president n
funding Ben Bernanke and Adam as the
rise to boost his complexes tabulator
restoration traditional Asian character
afflict after who isn't even our buddy
Linnaean from ministry and Parliament
engage our skies on fatigue and equal to
visit often build on a thousand zips in
East
and Augustine in the STRs heft
but to Jesus Lux to me first when I
present the we're seeing an increase in
mutual trade in 2017 we had forty point
five percent increase and in the first
quarter of this year we had almost 100
percent increase in mutual trade
turnover energy is the key sector our
visit marks the 50-year anniversary of
the first contract signed for natural
gas supplies from South Union to Austria
more than 200 billions cubic meters of
natural gas have has been exported to
Austria Austria is one of the key hubs
or perhaps the key hub of natural gas
supplies to Western Europe and plays a
key role in ensuring energy security for
the entire European continent and this
anniversary marks reliable cooperation
that our countries warned to strengthen
going forward Russia is planning to pump
more gas to European consumers including
as part of Nordstrom to project another
infrastructure and energy projects and
our Austrian partners have supported us
in this project will definitely continue
to discuss the same issues with the
Chancellor
we're also looked at a cultural and
humanitarian relations and we've had
events cultural events cultural neutral
events we had the Europe tourism in
Austria this year is the year of music
cultural destinations and next year
we'll have a yell of literature in
theater and the era of youth exchange
programs this Minister as mr. president
said will open an exhibition from the
Hermitage at the historical and our it's
Museum we also would like to set up a
new platform for the debates between
that our scholars and researchers we're
also looking at cooperation between our
historians they provide an unbiased view
of our past and they will resist the
tendency to revise some of the difficult
pages in our history I would like to
thank the Austrian nation for their
attempts to bury the fallen soldiers
from the Soviet Union who liberated
Austria from Nazi Germany but also did
looked at the international agenda we
discussed the kraang crisis the Syria
crisis and I would like to thank the
president of Austria once again for a
constructive and fruitful meeting that
will definitely give a new momentum to
the full spectrum of russian austin ties
and we'd like to invite mr. president to
come to Russia
Razia Russia and Austria are time-tested
partners major investors you talked
about a lot of projects given the
current you but it could see twice
seneschal for further growth and then
what are these sexes should expect for
the drug resistant a key person to be
Kunis's and it would often include
asking spouses in space on the
atmoshpere and talk the Sienna final
suicide knocking him to hang an epi in
house touched handle salvano hundreds
are now starship it seems they were
patently act invested Cernan seasonal
it's it's very on see the start with a
get rate heart would be normally back
stem certain impact that setting handle
hub on to show fair well Russia is a
very prospective market for us its
market 144 million people and again we
have the what price is going up and
again we had an increase in mutual trade
and over and again we also saw an
increase in foreign direct investment
yes I relations have been developing at
a steady pace in an in progressive way
Russia's which is second largest
investor shredding Germany almost Russia
invested almost twenty five billion US
dollars almost four billion that's what
a Austrian investors invested in Russia
more than five hundred enterprises from
Austria that operates in Russia again as
the Austrian president says the Russia's
its population about 140 million people
and who take the Eurasian Economic Union
it's more than 170 million people
that union combines all Armenia
Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan and Belarus our
trade turnover has been growing very
strongly and again the energy sector has
been the prime sector for us and ever
since the Soviet Union Austria has
become a important energy hub and it's
constantly developing Austria's role in
ensuring energy security for Europe has
been very important and it will continue
to be increasingly important we also
have very good prospects in wood working
transports machinery and logistics we
have adopted a plan for joint steps in
modernizing our economy there are a
number of areas like 220 Aries and for
some of the areas we have completed our
plans and for the others the efforts are
underway we have very good prospects I'm
sure everything will be implemented and
I very much hope that today's work could
also give you strong impetus to the
implementation of these joint plans have
a question to President Putin have you
discussed with the president or will you
discuss with the Prime Minister that
your cooperation of those two acutely
toothed lifting of sanctions against
Russia well any politically motivated
restrictions like sanctions
protectionist measures these are
the same means to resolve political
issues and they're not fee to achieve
the ultimate goal they are harmful for
those who initiate those restrictions
and for those who are the target of
those restrictions now Russia has
overcome all the challenges arising from
trade restrictions I assure you
a couple of years ago was extremely
difficult experience for us because it
came on the heels of the of the collapse
in oil prices as you know Russia now has
two point five percent inflation lowest
the lowest in modern history the lowest
the lowest unemployment we have for one
hundred and thirty billion in external
trade and investment in fixed assets
have been going up so we are saying in
the growth in GDP talking of sanctions
they've been harmful to everyone and so
everyone is interested in the lifting of
sanctions and we are interested to get
rid of sanctions we realize that every
EU country individually might find it
difficult to talk about it I don't want
to give you the reasons for it but
everything is that it's happening in
geopolitics doesn't prevent us from
developing our ties with Austria and
we'll do whatever we can to continue
this going forward in to execute all the
plans that I just mentioned
Andre cabbage I have a question to
president of Austria about cooperation
in the area of gas supplies the new
contract is going to be signed before
the end of this year for them gas for
natural gas
we again trade does not only consist of
gas we have other areas with and
recently well let's say then for heart
sytems Mancha amerikanische pol√≠tica you
know there are American politicians is a
bit soon from the woodland pseudocyst
aspect of it I've ever seen justice I
can hear you seek as many citizens would
like this University
supply their own natural gas to Europe
but it's three times as expensive it
doesn't make sense that's why we need to
continue our cooperation in natural gas
between Russia and Austria I have a
question to both presidents there's a
sort of a crisis between the UN Russia
had passivity her president put in
masking on this company's health problem
so what can the President Putin do with
it what and kudos should do to improve
the situation now you just said that
Russia has an issue with credibility I
don't have that we have a question any
issues with credibility it's an issue
for those who would like to paint Russia
that way we are an open countries we are
open for cooperation
until recently we had a series of two
inches of communication with the EU in
terms of the economy we had dialogue on
20 sectors currently all being almost
completely shut down but we did not
initiate this nevertheless we are ready
and open for trying to work steadily
we're seeing the resumption of our joint
efforts we have consultations with
representatives from Brussels and a
number of tracks so far has been very
constructive also quite challenging
again it's not just Russia it's also vu
that's seeking to restore our a
full-fledged ties
so got some an episode on consuming look
bleak and kissing are very cool as well
he says PT vision problem he was Muslim
beliefs on an email if I get a lifting
ain't a chunk for my business as usual
city concerts this year fatality we're
not talking about any serious crisis of
trust with Russia
thank you the press conference is over
