president putin has signed into law
countermeasures that will allow russia
to retaliate against any sanctions put
on Moscow correspondent Ilya p√©tanque
has been going over the paperwork for us
by signing this bill into law
Vladimir Putin has basically given
himself freedom of maneuver for hitting
back at countries that are hostile to
Moscow so if someone chooses to punish
Russia Russian companies possibly
Russian individuals that's something
we've seen many times in recent years
think the u.s. first of all all the
russian president has to do now is say
we are responding named specific
countries and entities and then the
countermeasures will immediately enter
into force among the countermeasures
that are available for the russian
government are the severing of ties with
states and companies and also import and
export bans target industry sectors
though haven't been specified but as the
legislation was drafted we heard about
such sectors as nuclear power
agriculture pharmaceuticals space and
aviation alcohol and tobacco industries
the issue is very sensitive so that was
then dropped from the final text it
requires more in-depth consideration but
there is an important segment of the
document which is about exception so if
a certain type of goods falls under the
ban however it is not produced in Russia
in this case these sanctions won't be
applied
