in Italy the newly-formed Euroskeptic
government sent a tough message for
illegal immigrants coming into the
country the Minister of Interior no
Matteo salvini also described by many as
Italy's answer to trump says simply it's
time to pack your bags
speaking in these Sicilian Puerto Kotani
a promise to reduce the number of
newcomers he also pledged to get to work
on the deportation of illegal migrants
the policy that's led to big division in
Italy yeah I think that so V knees right
I hope he stops these illegal migrant
arrivals what can they do here they are
people without a house they have nothing
solve any should not be in the Italian
government today each country is
composed of diverse ethnic groups and
diverse people who can't completely
close immigrant traffic I think it's ok
to take a break he has to set rules
migrants can't come and discriminately
they will create many problems in Italy
there are many problems already for
example there is a lot of poverty and
there is not enough jobs I'm sure that
Cellini will not be able to stop
migration he will not have the
Parliament support well Italy has been
the foremost destination for North
African migrants and refugees over
600,000 have arrived there since 2014
recent polls suggest at 58% of Italians
they are afraid of immigration director
of the Italian Institute for
International Political Studies
Parliament Greece spoke to artists
worlds apart by the issue 90% of the
migrants arriving to Italy comes from
Libya Libya is a was a very important
trading partner Libya is a source of gas
for Italy which is important as you know
you can buy oil from whoever but gas
needs pipe and the pipe are from Libya
to to Italy and it's a source of problem
for migration as I said so of course we
were affected and we played in this
irrelevant role after the outing of it
Gaddafi you could discuss for hours on
why sirkazhi took the lead and we could
discuss four minutes on why Italy had to
follow
I'm not saying having said that that
Gaddafi was and had to be our hero it
was a dictator but as you know we have
been used to live along with dictators
in many other countries
