an Iraqi Court has sentenced a French
woman to life in prison for joining the
Islamic state terror group escaping the
death penalty though it must be said
Melina boy Adia was captured last year
in Mosul and sentenced to seven months
in prison for entering the country
illegally after the end of that sentence
then she's due to be deported home to
France but prosecutors demanded a
retrial they said she violated the
country's anti-terrorism law by
following her husband to Iraq they
furthermore say he went there to join
the terror group but that case aside
Melina Boyd is home country France is it
brings up the whole problem of
radicalization in prisons and it's got
authorities really alarmed what they're
gonna do when they get back out again
500 terrorists now imprisoned in France
around 1200 prisoners are reportedly
radicalized 40 of them crucially a Jew
for release in the next two years and
that's got the alarm bells ring in the
country's leading counterterrorism
prosecutor warns that the move poses a
major threat to the public
these come as a major risk of seeing
people who are not at all repentant at
the end of their sentence leave prison
and yet be even more radical after their
time behind bars with many questioning
initiative Shallah Dubinski visits
Europe's biggest jail not only is there
concern of the threats these individuals
may pose to the outside world but also
while they're incarcerated
this is flurry mahadji it's Europe's
largest prison and amongst the thousands
of inmates being held here some unknown
jihadists
yeah damn open every day in France
prison guards are attacked we have been
offered next 1,100 supervisors over the
next four years but for now we don't see
anything happening we are tired of this
you were the first TV channel I'm
telling this to but yesterday we had a
suicide and since January we have had 10
other cases exhaustion among staff and
concerns for their own welfare spilled
over into protests still there calls for
help are going unanswered and now
prisons like this could soon be
unlocking their doors to let those
radicalized inmates back into society
Islam say la pluie con this prison is
the largest in Europe there are four
thousand three hundred inmates it's
overcrowded and we don't have enough
staff we have more than 120 radicalized
inmates here so you can imagine how
difficult it is for a prison supervisor
to handle all this the 40 alleged
radicalized inmates who will soon get
out of jail will likely find themselves
on a counter terrorism watch list a list
that already runs into the tens of
thousands 4000 of whom are considered
dangerous
tragically even those on the watch list
often slipped through the fingers of
security services
French authorities say they have to do
more to properly monitor former inmates
and with France having suffered so much
through terror attacks in recent years
many would argue it's about time they
did Charlotte Dubinski RT Paris
