remember the Cambridge analytic a
scandal millions of people's personal
information being mined for financial
gain and influence Cambridge analytic oh
it's actually a data analytics company
dedicated to one thing figuring out how
to manipulate you at all costs
this shadowy consulting firm right
surreptitiously gained access to
personal data mined from nearly 87
million Facebook users weaponized
personal data you have to look at
Cambridge analytical in terms of the
loss of trust
Cambridge analytic scandal this was a
huge breach of trust
well according to newly leaked documents
from Cambridge analytic his parent
company SCL it wasn't just for meddling
in political campaigns in 2009 as CL
carried out a surveillance operation in
Yemen called Project titania it involved
a network of Western trained operatives
tasked with infiltrating local
populations and identifying potential
terror threats the initial phase focuses
on identifying the groups the support or
are conducive to violent jihadist
recruitment project titania was
essentially a psychological profile
operation against jihadists its
architects wanted to find ways to divert
people away from Islamist ideology field
research is used to identify a clear
influence pastor to campaign target
groups those who took part were deceived
and led to believe that they were part
of more innocent surveys but it was for
a noble cause especially at the height
of military operations against al-qaeda
the SCL group was acting on behalf of
our committees a us-based military
company they get billions of dollars
from the Defense Department for Intel
operations around the globe looks like
they were doing government dirty work
and not just for Washington and I know
that many other governments work with
them as well it's not just the United
States government I believe the Brits
work with them and other couple other
countries and that's just the tip of the
iceberg
when you look under the surface of these
campaigns the private sector is creating
a gray area risk-free and where
international law does not apply I
actually was able to obtain in recent
weeks through a company insider or
through a company insider documents
pertaining to a 20 2009
counterinsurgency and surveillance
operation that SCL group the parent
company of Cambridge analytic acara
Downes in Yemen marieb and HUD remote
province which is where al-qaida in the
Arabian Peninsula are based and where
Obama's drone assassination program at
the time was taking place and you know
what these documents showed and I think
you know they provide us with an
unprecedented look at how SCL group as a
private intelligence operation
apparently functioning under the watch
of the British government in this case
how it operates around the world and how
it hones these kind of counterinsurgency
tactics in the third world and conflict
zones and then kind of brings them back
into the West for use in elections
