I get to that I'd like to say thanks to
Robert Palladino for joining us here at
the State Department back at the State
Department and being the deputy
spokesman here as you know Robert gave
his first gaggle off-camera yesterday
and he did a terrific job I had the
pleasure of sitting in the back of the
room for the first time during a
briefing and boy was it intimidating
sitting all the way back there and
hearing all of your questions so had I
done that before I'd taken this job I
might not have taken this job but you
did a fantastic job yesterday you did a
fantastic job yesterday we're so proud
of you and thrilled to have you back
here at the State Department yeah okay
couple announcements and then I'd be
happy to take your questions I'd like to
start off by talking about an event that
the secretary attended at the White
House earlier today where he
congratulated two Americans who were
recognized by President Trump and
secretary Pompeo for their extraordinary
work to fight in combat human
trafficking it was the president's
interagency task force to monitor and
combat trafficking in persons it was an
annual meeting that was held at the
White House it was also attended by
Ivanka Trump the event is typically
chaired by the Secretary of State but
for the first time ever the president
attended that event as well together
they presented the Presidential Award
for extraordinary efforts to combat
trafficking in persons Meena Patel Davis
who serves as mayor of Houston's special
advisor on human trafficking and William
wolf a law enforcement officer who
helped recover more than 125 victims of
human trafficking were acknowledged for
the outstanding impact that they have
left on their committees the secretary
also championed an additional 25 million
dollars that was awarded under our
program to end modern slavery next and
we've had a busy day here at the State
Department the Vice President was here
earlier today he was here this morning
to open the conference on prosperity and
security in Central America the vice
president underscored the United States
has never been more committed to helping
our Central American neighbors tackle
the security and economic challenges
driving illegal immigration and to
building a more prosperous future for
the region secretary Pompeo is
co-hosting the two-day event with
department of homeland security
secretary Kirsten Neilson
and our Mexican partners foreign
secretary Vida gray the secretary of
government never itay and we also
welcomed president Hernandez of Honduras
president Morales of Guatemala and vice
president Ortiz of El Salvador as
Secretary Pompeo noted this morning we
must all work together to secure our
borders to protect our citizens and
increase opportunities for legitimate
businesses to invest in the region for
our part we know that if our partners in
Central America are stronger the United
States will be stronger as well last
thing I'd like to address in today we
had a group of young Afghan girls here
at the State Department and many of you
may recall last year a little bit of a
controversy with the Afghan robotics
team eventually those gals were brought
into the United States this year they
came back in celebration of the
International Day of the girl I'd like
to welcome members of the first
all-girls Afghan robotics team to the
State Department today the team received
the 2018 game-changers award at the Asia
Society gala in New York City on Tuesday
they've spent the week meeting with
several government and NGOs here in
Washington as you may remember they
earned a silver medal at the first
global challenge in Washington last
summer for a robot that uses solar
energy to support small-scale farms in
Afghanistan we're thrilled to see them
back in Washington and want to offer our
congratulations to this inspiring group
of young women who represent an
improvisation of empowered Afghan girls
and women and serve as a testament to
the resilience of the people of
Afghanistan and with that I'd be happy
to take your questions yes
congratulations to them I assumed that
they didn't have the same visa issues
this time around as they did last time
as I recall it was the President himself
who intervened in okay good well
congratulations to them and we start
with the whole Jamal Khashoggi case one
is just generally is there anything new
that you can report to us on what your
understanding of what happened to him is
and then secondly the president I in a
some kind of an interview this morning
said that that you guys did have
investigators on the ground and then
Turkish official came around and said no
that's not correct can you feel it
what's the story sorry
so to take the second part of your
question first whether or not their
investigator is on the ground which the
United States government has offered its
support to the Turkish government to
provide law enforcement assistance to
the Turkish government in terms of
whether or not we have people on the
ground that's not something that I can
address here from this podium that's not
something that the State Department does
that have to refer you to some of our
other government agencies that could or
would be involved with that such as
Department of Justice and others but
there are regional security DDS officers
on the ground already you know they've
been oh they're always there do you
can't say our diplomatic security
officers to my knowledge don't handle
those types of investigations they
handle State Department matters only and
then the first part of the question is
there anything anything new in terms of
your understanding or lack of
understanding of what happened yeah and
I think it's something that's really
important to keep in perspective as we
have said from the beginning we are not
certain about what happened to Jamal
khashoggi the secretary released a
statement earlier this week the vice
president has talked about this the
president has talked about this we are
all concerned about his whereabouts we
don't have any information on his
whereabouts right now or what happened
to him as you can see any time you turn
on the news you open the newspaper there
is a lot of speculation and there are a
ton of rumors out there we are making
determinations and watching this for
facts we don't have the facts yet and so
we are going to hold back on our
comments until we have concrete
information that the US government can
share we don't have that information at
this point right now an investigation as
our understanding is is underway and
we're not going to get ahead of that too
but they're parked the same kind of the
same question that lurks and the the
turkey has announced that they're going
to join in or take part in a come kind
of working group with Saudis to shed
light on what happened
hmm this is something that you might be
involved in or is it something that you
would welcome and then secondly I just
wanted to follow up because we welcome a
thorough and transparent investigation
and we've been extremely clear about
that I can also add another piece of
information that we have communicated
with the Saudi ambassador to the United
States it's my understanding that he's
on his way back to Saudi Arabia we have
said to him that we expect information
upon his return to the United States
when and if we have additional
information to bring you we will bring
it to you right away he's on it your
understanding did you tell him that he
better that was not our direction I
can't speak on behalf of that government
but I can tell you that I'm told that
he's headed back to that to his home
country and we expect some information
when he gets back oh well have you told
him not to bother coming back unless he
has some the US government is extremely
concerned about this situation this has
the highest attention at the highest
levels of Union I'm not trying to make
light of it I just want to know have you
told them that look when you get back
here you you better have a last one and
I'll shut up yesterday I asked Robert
other people did too about this reports
about intelligence that you guys may or
may not or reports that you did have
intelligence that there would be some
there might be some harm they came came
to him he gave a kind of cryptic answer
at first said that you had no advance
notice of his disappearance and then
when I pushed him and said does that
mean you didn't have any advance notice
that anything bad might happen to him
not disappearance necessarily he said we
had no advance notice so I just want to
clarify does that mean you had no
advance notice of or and no intelligence
or any information about anything that
might possibly could happen to him at
the Consul almost never do you hear us
talk about matters of intelligence here
at the State Department yeah I'm not
going to get into those matters
an investigation is underway to do they
have nothing to add beyond what Robert
said yesterday here from that podium but
we are gonna let this investigation take
place the United States government will
continue to offer its support we will
provide information based on facts based
on information that we have and when we
don't have facts we won't bring them to
you I would just be mindful of this
speculation and a lot of rumors that are
out there and let's wait until we can
get some solid information okay it's
from Washington back to Riyadh or was he
recalled no that's why I said my
understanding is that he's on his way
back there we said when you come back
we'd like to hear get a report from you
right and so and so the message from the
u.s. is like is is from him bring us
what the Saudis know or the outcome of
an investigation there's no reason to be
confused or anxious
okay because there is an investigation
underway correct we're not going to get
ahead of that investigation we will let
that investigation play out I know there
are a lot of people who want answers at
this point understandably so but we're
not going to get ahead of those
investigations and so bring us whatever
information you have when you return I
will go from that is that above what the
secretary as well as bolting them
discussed with the crown prince
yesterday I'm sorry what does that mean
meaning so yesterday Bolton two
institutions in the government spoke to
MBS yesterday the crown prince and were
they not satisfied with what they were
told and therefore the I would impress
obviously we have multiple agencies and
departments in the United States
government that are paying close
attention to this issue so I would not
make the assumption that we didn't get
satisfactory answers and therefore it
required another level of direct okay
this is an obviously an interagency
effort okay okay because I want to move
on they want much more for you on
and we're not gonna let this go on and
on because we're sticking to the facts
here and I'm not going to speculate
sight I'll be happy to come right
through rich go ahead all right Saudi
ambassador left because of this incident
or was he planning on going okay third
time this third time we did not request
that he would go okay he went over there
my understanding is going over there but
any additional information on that I'd
have to refer you to the Saudi
government we simply said when you come
back provide us a report provide us a
readout of what you like and who spoke
with him from state I don't have any
information for you on that but we've
had exchanges at multiple levels at the
State Department the other question was
reporters without borders requested or
asked that the UN step in to have an
investigation into this is that
something that the u.s. is not aware of
it you're telling me about that that's
the first I'm hearing of it so I don't
have a generally speaking do you have
any comment on my own I'm just not aware
of that
yeah but circles in the hill already
saying that arms assistance for example
defensive systems should be should be at
risk because of this the president spoke
about that today is it the position the
State Department that that's not on the
table I think they're jumping to
conclusions this is entirely a
hypothetical situation at this point we
don't know what happened we don't have
the facts of the case we want to learn
what happened the president has said
that the Secretary of State has had that
as said that ambassador Bolton has said
that as well so let's not get ahead of
ourselves understandably it's
understandable that Congress and others
are concerned but let's not get ahead of
ourselves I mean the guys absolute we
don't know what happened okay let's
let's wait and determine what happened
Robert go ahead yesterday we're going
and looking at US intelligence related
to this case and while corker said it
looked it may the Turkish accounts look
quite convincing no no I'm just a
secretary jalapeño have seen the same
secretary Pompeo seen the same
intelligence Barbara we don't do
intelligence out of this building we do
put diplomacy okay sorry
intelligent of what we try to do
intelligence there's been a lot of
speculation were reporting on what mr.
Coe show these immigration status is can
you clarify it all whether not he's a
lawful permanent resident if he's on a
visa anything I think well we we don't
discuss visa visa applications I don't
have anything additional for you beyond
what we've already discussed on this on
his okay sorry go right ahead
very quickly on the Palestinian issue
yesterday secretary Pompeo the awards
dinner said that quote Israel is
everything we want the entire Middle
East look like going forward what does
that mean well I think it means a lot of
things yeah one recognizing that we have
a strong partner that is a democracy
that is prosperous it is a country that
desires peace something that you all
will appreciate they have a free press
and a very vibrant press at that and a
free market economy those are all good
things that we look to when we see other
nations around the world that are stable
that we look to as sort of a beacon of
hope in that sense and I think that's
exactly what the Secretary was referring
to in his speech Israeli occupied
another people apartment it's occupies
and other people it imprisons them it
has checkpoints all over a whole
territory it's in prisons journalists
you know confiscate it is a fact that it
is prosperous me it is a fact that they
have a free press it is a fact that they
have a free market economy that is
strong so those are all good things
every nation on this globe has issues in
areas where they could do a lot better
off the United States included them so
you would like to see that Lebanon you
know sort of duplicate what Israel is I
think I think Israel couple more things
is there any is there any news regarding
lara custom anything on on that i
believe she has a hearing that scheduled
tomorrow you're referring to the
american citizen she's a hearing that is
scheduled for tomorrow we provide
consular services to American citizens
elsewhere
my understanding is that we will have
someone either accompany her or be
present at that hearing beyond that I
don't have anything more for you and I
promise lastly yesterday at the closure
of the PLO office the community was out
there and their concern is that they
have as American citizens they also are
Palestinians they have issues of Deeds
lands and so on that these to do through
this PLO office now they don't know what
to do about it how they claim their line
how to get permits how to do all kinds
of things does the State Department you
don't have to answer me now but if you
have an answer to this issue that where
they should turn to like a third country
that the PLO can can name or you can
name so the operations were required to
cease by October the 10th that isn't
that is accurate we're not in the
position to speak about where those
individuals should go to seek that
advice about their deeds their
properties back home the Palestinian
Authority has perhaps has that
information and I would encourage people
to contact to Palestine accord
all right um on the Iranian sanctions
the new Ryan set to take effect in
November and Iraq has been asking for a
waiver what is your position on that
well you know overall with regard to
those sanctions that will that will take
effect on November 4th and you're
referring to the oil sanctions for Iran
and countries that choose to continue
purchasing oil from Iran we have
conversations with many partners and
allies around the world about those
sanctions we make our policies very
clear to those countries we continue to
have conversations with the government
of Iraq about that particular issue and
the implications for the reom position
of sanctions that were previously lifted
or even waived under the jcpoa we've
given the same message to all countries
around the world and the president has
said that's that the United States is
committed to reinforcing all of our
sanctions we believe that countries
coming together and recognizing the
malign influence that Iran has had
around the world is important we know
that Iran and the government of Iran has
taken the benefits that it received
under the jcpoa and they poured that
money not into their
population not into the good of the
people not into its medical hospitals
and things of that nature but rather
they've used it for its own nefarious
programs that sounds like you're saying
no to the Iran
I'm not I'm not forecasting anything you
know we don't forecast that kind of
stuff yes
so what is it you stand with India
placing fresh orders now despite the
threat of these US sanctions and and the
u.s. as you have said from this that you
are trying to find alternative suppliers
for them and all that because on Monday
the oil minister said that the two state
state refiners not the private ones have
placed orders for important crude oil
from Iran in next month I've seen that
report as you all know we were recently
in India where that was a topic of
conversation with the Indian government
the president had addressed it I believe
it was just earlier today which he was
asked about that questioned about
whether or not India would buy oil from
Iran after sanctions are we imposed and
the president said and I'm not going to
get ahead of the president certainly but
he said we'll take care of that he was
asked also about CATSA sanctions and the
imposition of possible imposition of
cats of sanctions and he said you know
India's gonna find out and India will
find out we'll see so I'm not gonna get
ahead of him but certainly when we hear
about things such as purchasing oil or
purchasing of the s400 systems it's not
helpful
the United States government just
reviews that very carefully I want to
like you to you know find what or
explain what the president was saying
but when he said India will find out or
we will take care of it
do you see a threat do you see a
friendly like okay we let them do it or
we will take care of it well the
president doesn't like to forecast his
anq actions I can't speak for the
president you just have to refer you
back to the White House
forgive me if a particular this no this
is another major news headline of the
day and it's Brunson I think we need to
erase it I'd be more than happy to force
Leslie I've already come to you let me
try to make it around the room I promise
you I will come back to thank you I need
to go to Cindy with VOA yes I thank you
I saw Superman let's share a kiss okay
Cindy got any updates on pastor Bronson
oh I'm so sorry
in all seriousness as you all know this
is a case that the entire US government
has followed very very closely
pastor Bronson has been under house
arrest and prior to that imprisonment
for far too long the secretary gave a
speech last evening in which he spoke
about pastor Brunson's case as many of
you are well aware pastor Bronson has a
hearing that's scheduled for tomorrow
our folks from our embassy in Turkey
have been very engaged in this case have
been providing assistance and support in
any way that we can for pastor Bronson
and his family let me also take this
opportunity to remind you that we have
locally employed staff who have also
been detained in addition to the NASA
scientist who is still in Turkey as well
who's an American citizen all of those
cases have are the United States
government's tremendous concern and
we're watching those carefully now
pastor Brunson's case happens to be
tomorrow we don't have any further
information on it other than that you
know the secretary spoke yesterday and
he said it's the right thing for them to
do to release pastor Brunson it's the
humanitarian thing to do for Turkey to
release him I'm hopeful that before too
long he and his wife will be able to
return to the United States that would
be an important step forward for the US
and turkish relationship I don't have
anything for you other than that but we
look forward to watching the case very
carefully tomorrow you the confirm will
knock down a report commend we see that
there is a deal yeah I am not aware of
any such deal I'm not aware of any such
deal that has been reported by NBC News
thank you
but is it possible there is one I'm not
aware of anything that's all I can only
speak about what I'm aware of and what
we do out of this building we are not
aware of anything there is a hearing
that takes place tomorrow there's a
legal process of plays out we'll be
there in support of Pastor Brunson and
his family at that hearing counterpart
today we'll plans to I am I do not have
any information on whether or not the
secretary has any calls of that nature
we have engaged with the Turkish
government on many levels in the past
about this case we're watching it
carefully but I don't I don't have any
call list from the secretary okay
hi Jay issues yeah I hope it is reported
that North Korean kim giman
rejected heavily ejected into the u.s.
interpreter at secretary Pompeo and
North Korea Kim jong-un's official
meeting at the Pyongyang could I'm sorry
could I ask you to just repeat that
first part about Chairman Kim
tokima has rejected the u.s.
interpreters at propeller and condolence
meeting so why North Korean kingdom when
rejected the u.s. interpreters is due
back to that government to get an answer
on that but we feel that we were well
represented in that meeting with
secretary Pompeo with special
representative steve began' and we also
had a colleague of ours in the room who
speaks fluent Korean so we feel that we
were well supported in those meetings so
you know politically we need the both
side interpreter why he needed their own
side why they don't wanted the United
States I think that is enough we had
equal numbers of people in that room
having those meetings and we feel fully
confident but those meetings were fully
understood not only by the United States
side but I believe by the north how do
you understand in those Korean Kingdom
winds Koreans saying well I'm tryin
certainly wouldn't but my colleagues who
were in the room who speak Korean would
okay
I think anybody else have something on
North Korea boy since when are you all
not interested in North Korea okay
oh just a quick follow-up on Iran has
India requested for a waiver on Iranian
oil I think I already addressed that you
didn't and secondly the India has Saudi
supplying additional oil to India from
next month's onwards is it part of the
u.s. request - Saudis to Saudi Arabia
sent to India is releasing more oils to
India next one I'm afraid I don't have
any information for you on that
okay and then do you have two more
questions on South Asia one on
Afghanistan investor kal injured it in
Saudi Arabia right now before he was in
Afghanistan Pakistan has he made any
headway in the peace talks well I think
any time were there on the ground we're
making headway and the fact that we have
a special envoy whose main job is to
bird dog this issue sort of an American
term forgive me for that but to fight
for this issue every single day to work
hard on this issue with his team that's
important I think that's a step forward
he has a lengthy trip to the region
he was just in Afghanistan he spent some
time in some other countries he will
head back to Afghanistan at some point
before the end of his trip I believe to
give the Afghan government a complete
readout of his entire travels the
purpose of this entire trip is to talk
about the peace and reconciliation
product broad progress this is something
that will be afghan-led afghan-owned but
supported by the US government so
anything beyond that I don't have but I
can tell you that he is meeting with a
wide range of folks on the ground from
ambassador excuse me from President
Ghani to the chief executive Abdullah
Abdullah political groups the High Peace
Council Afghan media and also civil
society Pakistan had reached out to IMF
for bailout package of eight billion
dollars I know secretary prompt you had
commented on this few months ago
expressing his reservations on under
what conditions IMF will give
bailout package to Pakistan what the US
has to say now so we understand that
Pakistan
has formally requested assistance from
the International Monetary Fund in all
cases we examine that closely from all
all angles of it including Pakistan's
debt position in evaluating any type of
loan program this is something that
we've been tracking fairly closely the
Secretary had spoken about this a few
months back I know and some interviews
not that long ago I think part of the
reason that Pakistan found itself in
this situation is Chinese debt and the
fact that there is debt that governments
have incurred that they maybe thought
wouldn't be so tough to bail themselves
out of but has become increasingly tough
so last question and then I gotta go
over there but to me I need to get done
before the end of the week there was a
call for senators triggering the Global
Magnitsky Act you say what role the
State Department would play in that and
if there's any comment generally on the
letter that was sent by the Senators
saying that there was the need for this
investigation so global Magnitsky is
human rights legislation a law that is
imposed or goes into effect for certain
countries under certain circumstances
bless you right that is something that
we don't have enough information at this
point so I understand that Congress may
be interested in that in a global
Magnitsky investigation but we don't
know the facts of this case just yet so
I think they're getting ahead of
themselves at this point we will watch
the situation very carefully very
closely wait for the facts to come out
and then we'll get there to answer your
question though about what State
Department's role is in that State
Department Department of Justice and
also the Department of Treasury under
the Office of Foreign Assets Control
would all play some sort of a role in
this just one is that you we've been
talking a lot about the show.you case
and as you say you don't know what
happened there is a case with another
journalist and Europe actually though
who we do know what happened she was
raped and murdered in Bulgaria and I'm
wondering if you guys I don't think
you've been asked about this do you have
any do you have any comment or reaction
um you know I woke up this morning and I
saw that story about this young woman
working so hard and something so
horrible happened to her I'd like to
start out by expressing my condolences
to her and her family and her colleagues
who certainly are heartbroken by this
loss we don't know what the motivation
was for the person who did this to her
so I don't want to jump to conclusions
that she was targeted because of her
profession
I think the investigators are not at
that point yet where they can that where
they can make that assertion so for now
I'm just going to be able to express our
deepest condolences for the loss of this
Bulgarian woman Emily I want to go back
to something that is of great interest
to you and and the secretary at least in
the past couple of days and this ongoing
war of statements between you and the
secretary and and Senator Menendez over
State Department appointments after the
statement that came out last night from
the secretary which again blamed
Menendez and his senator Menendez and
fellow Democrats who are holding up the
nominations senator Menendez's office
came back again with basically a
restatement of the of his his office's
denial of the first one and I just you
know I think everyone can sympathize
with the secretary and the fact that he
that appointments aren't going as
speedily as possible as they possibly
could well one of the points that
Senator Menendez as offices makes is
that it is a myth that only Democrats
have opposed trump administration
nominees is isn't that a true statement
isn't that fair there have been nominees
who have are currently being held up and
have actually had to have been withdrawn
because of Republican opposition to them
you have a situation let's keep this in
perspective first of all we have more
than 60 nominees who have not been voted
through the Senate at this point some of
them have holds on them right now the
Senate had said to the secretary when he
first came in when he was going through
his confirmation hearings sir will you
stuff up the State Department you
remember the conversations all of you
that we had one year ago the flood of
people
in the State Department State Department
demoralise Black Friday you remember
that one as well
foggy bottom is burning you remember all
those headlines this secretary came in
and he said I'm going to change things
in order to do blue hold on in order to
do my job in order for the State
Department to do its job on behalf of
the 75,000 people who work for the state
department around the world let's get
our field our team on the field and the
secretary has prioritized that he's
brought in a counselor who is working
nonstop to get that team on the field
the secretary said in that confirmation
hearing I will get my team on the field
US senators but I will also need your
help when there are more than 60 people
who are not getting through the Senate
the Senate is not doing its job and
there are some members in particular who
are holding them up now are there some
who have hit some hurdles because
senators have additional questions or
maybe they don't like them they maybe
they feel like they are not qualified
sure there are handful as there would be
in any administration but by and large
of the 60 some people who have not
gotten through the Senate the vast
majority of them are senior foreign
service officers these are the career
professionals who work for the State
Department who are trying to get out of
the field to go be the ambassadors of
Robin Robert help me fill in the
country's Togo they need an ambassador
our ambassadors still hanging out in the
Senate we'd like to get our ambassador
to Togo help me out with some of the
other countries Equatorial Guinea we
need to get our person into Equatorial
Guinea give me another one
Panama we need get our ambassador into
Panama and I'm sure those countries want
their ambassadors so the Senate needs to
do its job get our people through in
addition to those foreign service
officers I just mentioned again the vast
majority of those 60 some people who
have not been pushed through yet we do
have political appointees we need an
undersecretary for management management
undersecretary they're only a handful of
under secretaries here from seven or so
at the State Department we need someone
to permanently
management get these people through put
them up for a vote so the State
Department can conduct the diplomacy it
needs to do on behalf of the American
people going to denigrate the
international importance and
significance of Togo and Equatorial
Guinea and what you know the the role
that they play is related to u.s.
foreign policy but I think first of all
the Menendez office takes issue with the
more than 60s as it's 56 and it also
says I mean what about nominating people
for Saudi Arabia Turkey Australia Mexico
Pakistan Egypt Singapore these are
countries that with all due respect to
Togo and Equatorial Guinea are you know
I would say that is the first but you
haven't nominated anyone for those hold
on those countries deserve an ambassador
really nominate anybody but you guys
have to nominate someone how you those
those two countries in particular we
have people in the pipeline yes now is
the nominations are actually announced
out of the White House so we don't make
those announcements here from the State
Department but we have people through
the pipe going through the pipeline
right now it's a lengthy process I went
through it myself when I became
spokesperson background investigations
financial disclosures ethics reports it
takes a long long time and there's a lot
of information that you have to go back
and fill in again the lengthy process
we've got people identified we're
pushing to get them through this quickly
but you had you cannot deny that you had
an assistant nominee for assistant
secretary of state for East Asia a very
important area South China Sea all this
stuff who had to withdraw because a
Republican senator said that he would do
to senator Rubio of Florida would do
everything he possibly could to stop her
nomination you have a situation a crisis
that the vice president that everyone
talks about all the time in Venezuela
which is absolutely awful the country
next door to that Colombia there's a
career foreign service officer who is
being held up by a Republican senator
there are is that not true
there are some cases let me finish it's
not all been that Dez's fault
it is largely the fault of Senator
Menendez I'm sorry
let's get those folks to do this job so
we can get the team on the field we need
to get it done okay thanks everybody
we'll see you soon
