it isn't Spain shaken by a political
crisis this week Prime Minister Mariano
Rajoy was ousted in a no-confidence
motion over a corruption scandal
officials are accused of taking bribes
to award government contracts there it's
the first time in modern Spanish history
that such a vote has been successful
than Pedro Sanchez was then sworn in as
Prime Minister on Saturday he said 46
year-old former economics professor and
current leader of the Socialist Party
he'd been a rival of the former prime
minister and was the one who instigated
the no confidence vote in the first
place but now despite receiving large
support from smaller opposition parties
he's still likely to face some major
challenges the Liberal Party is one
they've already been calling for another
election lending their support to the
ousted Prime Minister Sanchez also has
to deal with the issue of Catalan
independence to talking which just after
he took office the separatist government
was sworn in in Catalonia after months
of direct rule by Madrid the new Catalan
leader Kim tora gave a speech following
vowing to push for the region's
independence from spain tora replaces
colors pushed him on who fled the
country after last year's referendum and
it's wanted on charges of rebellion we
heard from a Catalan independence
activist who says that the region now
really needs dialogue with Madrid not
confrontation I think that now it's not
it's not the key issue to make another
referendum the referendum it was done
and more than 2 million people was
coming to vote and we must not forget
these results and a new referendum it's
also possible maybe on a second stage of
dialogue but not now I think that mr
toura must take this consideration and
must act with many care with
negotiations or with the dialogue if
they open dialogue with with government
marais I think that from site of Madrid
they will they will propose a new status
new
a new way to to maintain relations
between Catalunya and Madrid but the
people here it's fully wanted
independence I think that a new status
will not have the support of the people
