for cents that's the compensation the
Florida jury awarded to the family of a
black man fatally shot by police
officers seems he was killed in his own
garage four years ago when officers were
investigating a complaint about loud
music according to court documents the
jury established that the officer
involved in the shooting was only just
slightly negligent they awarded the
family $1 for funeral expenses and
furthermore $1 for each of the children
the hearing also found that the officer
was only one percent at fault of death
and compensation was then reduced to
just four cents there's more it was also
established that the fatally shot man
was intoxicated and that some could be
reduced to zero is Gregory Hill part of
his family who's father of three he was
fatally shot than three times through a
garage door by police in 2014 police
claimed he was holding a gun it was
later found to be unloaded the family
lawyer says this is a senseless case of
police misconduct we were in shock as
lawyers because I've never seen or heard
anything like this we're not supposed to
be punished like that the his fiance
walked out of the courtroom when it
happened you have to tell three children
Destinee Ariana and Gregory the third
that their pain and suffering their loss
of a father is only worth a penny it's
just a preposterous story of law
enforcement gone wrong that here you
have a dead man laying there and police
think he's barricaded in is listening to
loud music that had the F word in it
okay and that's what police came to see
to investigate and it's not even illegal
it's it's something that police knock on
your door and generally tell you to turn
it down the family launched a
fundraising page to raise money for the
children they've already received more
than $30,000 their lawyer again says
that will continue as well that they'll
continue with their battle to try and
find some sort of justice after all this
time 100 percent goes to the children
and the rehabilitation of their family
home because it was also destroyed by
tear gas we don't understand 99% and 1%
and
America your we have the Second
Amendment you know some people love it
some people hate it but you're illegally
allowed to possess a firearm and you're
legally allowed to open the door with a
firearm and we're going to take it all
the way to the US Supreme Court if we
have to it's it's that important because
it's a precedent of law enforcement if
you're doing nothing illegal shouldn't
be able to shoot you through your closed
your closed garage door it's it's it's
preposterous
you
