clearly visible crosses are to go up in
some public buildings like courthouses
police stations and city halls like this
one here in Bavaria it's as a new law
regarding crucifixes came into effect on
the 1st of June the plan comes courtesy
of Bavaria snoo President Marcos xoda
and his reasoning is that this is
supposed to reinforce Bavarian identity
in the face of large-scale immigration
you have an imbalance ignore das's we
once said a signal of self-assurance in
bavaria we want to state all Western
Christian culture and that is why
clearly we don't get rid of crosses but
hang them up this is not an attack on
others but only a cultural symbol which
we especially appreciate in the very own
public opinion shows that almost 60% of
Bavarians actually support the move but
when we spoke to people on the streets
of Nuremberg opinion was more finely
balanced I don't think it's a good idea
because there has nothing to do with the
church the government is separate than
the church so why should we do the same
I don't think it's a good idea it's
correct because it's our tradition and
why not a comment on the one hand we see
people wanting to bond the hat scarf on
the other they're forcing people to show
the cross that seems the dots to me
mysticism I don't think a variant
identity depends on crosses it is strong
in other ways beer gardens and local
traditions the cross is part of everyday
life for us but we respect every faith
not just Christianity the Bavarian
President became the target of more than
a few online jokes when he announced
this idea however those who are charged
with actually hanging crucifixes in
public buildings while they are on side
with the plan mr. Scalia this is not a
defensive reaction but a positive
reinforcement of our culture it does not
hurt to point out what our roots are
this cross is a symbol not only for
Christians but for people living in
Bavaria but critics say that this goes
against Germany's constitutional
separation of
and state and say they want to change
the law it's a totally wrong decision of
the Bavarian government because as a
Bavarian citizen you can be a Muslim you
can be a Jew you can be non-religious
you can be an atheist humanist for
example and all these people shall now
look to the cross and why is that we
have a strong tradition of separation of
church and state there has to be
clarified whether this mixing up of a
religious symbol with secular rooms of a
secular state is really compatible with
our Bavarian Constitution there hasn't
been any mad rush to hang crucifixes in
buildings like the City Hall in
Nuremberg just behind me here the Lord
didn't come with any deadline and is
also widely expected to be challenged in
Germany's highest court at some point in
the future Peter Oliver RT Bavaria
you
