welcome to Sofia I'm Sofia Shepherd not
say the EU doesn't know what to do with
this member Hungary we're strong Prime
Minister or one dares to defy the vision
Brussels has for the future of the Union
so how will Hungary hold under pressure
and what will this dispute mean for the
future of the Union will I ask the
Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter cierto
a rift is widening across the EU cutting
a lines on the Block in the shadow of
the former Iron Curtain with Eastern
European members growing frustrated with
Brussels orders and the EU establishment
put off by the eastern politicians
behavior in particular with Hungary's
migration and political decisions is
there room in the Union for several
political visions can the partnership
figure out a way to balance national and
continental interests or does the EU
risk being torn apart by the east-west
confrontation Peter yeah so it's really
good to have you again on our program
welcome back it's my honor there are
tensions between Hungary and Ukraine
over the rights of the ethnic Hungarians
in the West and you have said that
Ukraine steppe Hungary in the back what
is your reaction going to be Hungary's
reaction well you know Hungary was maybe
the loudest supporter within the
European Union to help the Ukrainians to
get the visa-free regime and to make the
eu-ukraine association agreement come
into force and unfortunately a couple of
days after that there was a regulation
passed in the Ukrainian Parliament which
violates the rights of the Hungarians
obviously when it comes to education on
mother tongue so so we made it very
clear that we have to use all kinds of
instruments in the toolbox of
international politics in order to make
sure that the rights of the Hungarians
will be restored in Ukraine so you had
sent a memorandum to NATO suggesting
that Hungarians should abide by
Ukrainian law why NATO when do you think
it's gonna back up your
random well you know we are part of the
Alliance so it's obvious that we inform
our allies about our policy towards a
country which has the inspiration to to
go forward when it comes to the
euro-atlantic integration path and we
would be very happy to come back to our
position to support the Ukrainians on
this path but definitely the Ukrainians
have to comply with the international
regulations when it comes to minorities
the Venice Commission made a very clear
proposal to the Ukrainians to consult
with the national minorities and do not
implement any kind of regulations which
basically violates the already existing
rights of the minorities so all we want
is nothing special nothing extraordinary
just Ukraine to comply with the EU
regulations and with the proposal of the
Venice Commission your memorandum to
NATO it was just to inform the allies
rather than expect a reaction from them
well there's a continuous negotiation
going on of course with NATO member
states with allies within the European
Union about how we see this situation we
made the proposal there that that those
minorities belonging to NATO member
states should be exempt from such kind
of regulations we will see whether
there's any reaction from our allies and
then we will continue the dialogue and
the discussion on that so members of the
European Parliament are accusing Hungary
of human rights violations saying that
your Prime Minister is actually smearing
critics journalists NGOs you've said
those are lies why do they have such a
harsh stance on
your Prime Minister you know we had a
very and we still have a very serious
debate with an international network
which is led and financed by George
Soros whose name you might know and your
watchers might know us as well we have a
very open and a very serious debate with
him as the Hungarian government has a
very strong anti migration policy we
made it very clear that it is only us
Hungarians
who can make a decision whom we allow to
come to Hungary
it is only us Hungarians to make a
decision with whom we want to live
together we don't want to let neither
the European Union nor the United
Nations to force us to to white people
in our country whom we do not want to
invite we made it very clear that
protection of our border and
guaranteeing the security of our
citizens is the number-one priority for
us and George Soros and his network is
is totally against this let's say
concept against this strategy he would
like to invite millions of migrants to
Europe on an annual basis he basically
want to get rid of the phenomenon of
nation-states so this is a very open
very open conflict and confrontation
between us and we have to see that that
the the Soros Network does definitely
have people members of the European
Parliament and this kind of attacks
against my country against our
government against our prime minister
are based on this political approach you
know these kind of reports which are
being written about my country these
absolutely take facts out of
consciousness
sorry are they grab solutely I mean you
just just let me give you two examples
all these accusations say that there's
no freedom of media freedom of press you
know
but if you look at the internet for
example you look at the web pages you
will see that the anti-government
rhetoric and the critics on government
is in a vast majority compared to those
news which are favoring the government
or which are considering government
decision as positive so and you know in
Hungary it would be totally impossible
to hide effects like were migrants
attack the citizens of our country in
some Western European countries it did
happen or when it comes to when it comes
to anti-semitism it's a constant
accusation against us although we are
proud that we have absolutely
implemented zero tolerance against
anti-semitism there's the biggest sense
there's the biggest Jewish community of
Central Europe living in Budapest we do
not only renovate the synagogue's within
Hungary but around Hungary as well and
you know it's not Budapest they're
Jewish
youngsters varying Akiba are attacked on
the open streets and compared to that we
are always under acquisition also
accusing your government of stepping on
a dependence of the judiciary and
they're actually threatening to invoke
the EU law I think it's article 7 that
would actually strip Hungary of the EU
by voting rights yeah what could it come
to that well actually there are
definitely some endeavors to put very
heavy attacks on Hungary and on Poland
as well so procedure based on article 7
you refer to was kind of launched in
relationship with Poland we oppose that
because we think it's absolutely based
on double standards and when you when
you put facts into consideration there
is no factual ground there's no factual
basis to launch such kind of a procedure
against Hungary because for example in
terms of judiciary we were kind enough
to refer to yes we did have debates with
the European Commission about
legislation in Hungary regarding the
judiciary system but the fact is that we
have already closed all these issues in
three different ways
either we understood the Commission was
right and then changed the regulation
either the Commission admitted that we
were right and then we left it as it was
or we couldn't agree and then we went to
the European Court and is respected the
the regulation or the decision of the
European Court so these are all closed
issues so so all these issues which are
being put in the report about Hungary
just very recently in the committee of
liberties and the Justice of the
European Parliament these are mostly
already closed issues between the count
the European Commission and Hungary so
in general bread bristles have lots of
demands when it comes to Hungary and
there you know actually saying that if
Hungary doesn't meet those demands
whether its judiciary or freedom of
press or immigration they're actually
saying that we may not find you in the
next day of budget so here's the thing
it only whatever EU gives you only makes
up 6% of your budget first of all is it
worth it is that money worth doing
everything they want you to do because I
know that mr. Rubin has said you know we
don't have to live off German money
anyways well you know hunger is interest
as European Union to be strong because
we strong Hungary needs a strong
European Union because we have a very
open economy and 79 percent of our
export goes to the European Union we
have an export over GDP ratio around 90
percent so you can imagine how
significant for us it is European Union
to be strong and European Union to have
a competitive economy on the other hand
when it comes to European funds yes
European funds play an important role in
our economy but this is not a one-way
road because we don't get these funds as
as gift or as a humanitarian aid or as a
donation from our Western European
friends these funds are to be given to
us based on contra
based on contract and why because the
Hungarian economy has been opened the
Hungarian market has been opened for
Western European companies making a lot
of profit on the Hungarian market this
is one lane of the road and the other
lane of the road is the European funding
so so this is this is not a another
one-way road you understand this is a
wise version situation so we totally
reject that false context to be painted
up on the wall as if we would only enjoy
European funds for free this is this is
not true we have we have complied with
our obligations based on the contract as
well and according to the statistics of
the of the European institutions 70
cents of every 1 euro which is paid to
the Central European countries go back
to Western European companies minister
we're gonna take a short break right now
when we come back we'll continue talking
to Peter CHR talking about the future of
Hungary within the European Union and
the future of the Union in general stay
with us
and I'm back with the Hungarian foreign
minister Peters here too so there's also
the opposition of Hungary and Poland and
the East versus West because Hungary and
Poland are making sure whatever they
have to say is heard at this point I
don't think Brussels likes it what do
you think this East versus West
opposition in the you could come to and
what would it mean for the Union well
you know we are absolutely interested in
the unity of the European Union so we we
oppose all kind of comparison like that
that if there were like Western and
Eastern members of the of the European
Union because European Union must show
unity although if we put into
consideration why Poland and why Hungary
are under this constant torture let's
put it this way well it's obvious we
have the two strongest governments in
the European Union we are the two
countries where a one-party government
has received the authorization from the
people to govern the country we have
politically absolutely stable systems
and you know many times it's not liked
by the institutes in in Brussels
definitely and another hand you know
there's a big debate within the European
Union whether to to go super honest or a
federalist equate the federal istic way
would end up in a United States of
Europe which we oppose better fiscal
control unified budget more integration
that's what France and Germany war do
you think it's a it's a viable you know
our position is that European Union can
only be strong if there are strong
member states so we don't think that the
concept of weak member states creating
the strong European Union would be
realistic they think that only strong
member states can can
can form a strong European Union that's
why for example we are absolutely in
favor of the competition within the
European Union meaning that we don't
like the tax harmonisation for example
and we don't want the irresponsible
economic policies to be communist you
know what I mean is that those countries
can reduce taxes who are disciplined
fiscally speaking and those countries
who are who are not disciplined fiscally
who let depth you know to increase they
definitely cannot afford cutting taxes
but then the answer shouldn't be you
know to bash those ones who are able to
cut the tax your Prime Minister sees the
European Union as an alliance of
sovereign states european union is a
union that crosses state boundaries and
that's like a core principle of european
unity European Union is based on
principles of liberalism your country is
a nation based conservative country
which is not a good thing or a bad thing
Russia is the same way so on the
ideological level there like just so
many differences in the basis it's not
even economics like why do you want to
be part of the Union so much that
opposes everything that you guys stand
for well actually it's not everything is
opposed if you think yeah if you know if
you look at the under statistics for
example how many infringement procedures
are going on against us and others you
will see that we are somewhere in the
middle so there's nothing extraordinary
in this regard yeah we have definitely
debates based on idea logic as well for
example you know when it comes to the
fact that when an election is not won by
the Liberals then that system is
immediately considered as not a
democracy which is totally unacceptable
if the Liberals do not win it can be a
democracy of course so that's why what
we what we are trying to build in
Hungary or what we are intending to
build in Hungary is a Christian
democracy you know based on Christian
values work achievement merit based
society yeah there are there are debates
as well but but all in all our interest
is a strong European Union because
within a strong European Union Hungary
can be strong okay so there's the EU
commissioner who actually voiced her
opinion about Hungary and the Czech
Republic and Poland voicing their
concerns and their views and she said
you know there's our sandbags those
three countries that could be thrown
away could it come to that Hungary Czech
Republic Slovakia and and Poland the
visa grid's countries are members of the
European Union and will be members of
the European Union even more than that
this Central European region is
currently the growth engine of the
European Union
our growth rate is much higher than the
European average everybody speaks about
the German French cooperation when it
comes to the issue of European
competitiveness and but if you look at
the figures you will see that the trade
between Germany and the visa Grod
countries is 55 percent higher than the
trade annually between Germany and
France which shows that the economic
cooperation between Germany and Central
Europe is extremely strong at Central
Europe became kind of a backyard for the
German industry which has always been
and which will always be I guess the the
backbone of the European economy so
actually the strong Central Europe is
the interest of the European Union
because a strong best central Europe can
can contribute to European Union being
strong as well that's why we we reject
all kinds of these kinds of accusations
you know against us some politically
based attacks one line is EU is in
crisis right now so there is the Eastern
countries that want more independence in
terms of making decisions there is the
center Brussels France and Germany who
want tighter integration and maybe a to
spit of Europe it is absolutely clear
that you cannot go on living in a shape
that it's in right now something needs
to change you know
really know what where do you see
Hungary in this union like do you feel
like you'll be one of those like faster
integrating countries or do you feel
like you would want to be in a second
part who the countries will have like
more decisions to themselves but you
know they won't be as integrated as
France and Germany well if you mean that
European Union is faced with historic
challenges you are right and not only
one we have the migration crisis we have
the threat of terror
we have the brexit we have the energy
security issues and many others with
which we have to deal so that's why I
think it's obvious that there are
debates going on about the future of the
European Union because when should
debates go on if if not now when we have
to find answers for the historic type of
challenges and our approach is
definitely a super honest approach
meaning that that those answers which
have already been given successfully for
to this kind of questions are have been
made on the level of member states for
instance take the migration issue you
know Hungary's answer was the only
successful answer by regaining the
control over all over our own border
with with the assistance of the visa
grad countries and making it obvious and
making it clear that yes it's absolutely
possible to protect your border and do
not let any illegal migrants minister
because you were so adamant about you
know being tough on migration building
walls cracking down on NGOs and then
secretly you've accepted 1,200 or 300
illegal and that's like the quota that
the EU asks you to accept anyway so
what's the point of being so tough on it
if you're gonna secretly accept those
these are two totally different things
because as eylem seekers based on the
Geneva
convention should not be confused with
the illegal migrants entering the
territory of ours in a violent way you
know attacking our police tearing down
the defense not respecting our rules and
regulations blocking our highways
occupying our public areas not wanting
to go to the to the refugee stations and
so on and so forth so these two things
should not be a confused because these
are two totally different issues so the
mood in the European Union in general is
changing like Austria has at first
anti-immigrant Chancellor you see
Germany I mean the the far-right
alternative for Germany party is the
third biggest party and lose this tag
and then a Macomb is like very liberal
on words but when it comes to
implementing policies it's pretty much
center-right as well
so do you feel like saying we've told
you so we've been reprimanded so much
for this and then all of you guys are
coming to what we're saying you know
politics is not a profession where you
get credit if it turns out that you were
right
but it is obvious that on the last
couple of national parliamentary
elections within the European Union
the main issue was migration that was
the case in Italy that was the case in
Austria you put it forward right if that
was the case in Hungary and in all three
countries those parties received the
most votes who are an anti migration
policies you quoted the Austrian
Chancellor who is definitely
representing an anti migration policy in
Italy the the party's forming the
coalition are anti migration parties in
Hungary we made it very clear that we
will not allow any illegal migrants
entering the territory of our country
you see the the latest positions and
statements of the of the German Minister
of Interior and you rightly quoted some
new measures implemented by France you
see the the statements of the British
about the main motivations about the
brexit vote which is definitely
in correlation with sovereignty issues
with migration and so on and so forth so
so definitely migration is becoming the
top issue the hot issue the hottest
issue on the current European agenda and
yes we see that
that more and more people even more and
more political leaders understand that
letting you know these migratory
influxes into Europe definitely does not
serve the the target of a better future
in the European Union
so how come so many countries in the EU
are entire immigrant are really pushing
through their ideas and measures about
that and just as many countries are
entire Russian sanctions but when it
comes to extending them certainly all
agree to extend them why can't you be a
sperm on Russian sanctions well if you
ask me whether there are double
standards I would say yes you know we
understand that you know we are a small
country and we understand that the big
Western European countries make big
businesses here if you come to the st.
Petersburg International Economic Forum
and you look around and you look for
companies coming from EU Member States
you will definitely see much more
companies coming from the Western
European big EU member states than
licensor European countries if you see
the the top event of this forum will be
the panel which will be shared by the
French and the Russian President if you
look at the preparation of North sim -
you see the biggest Western European
energy companies being involved if you
if you look at the you look at how the
trade figures are changing between
Russia and the Western European
countries one might be surprised so but
if you ask whether there are double
standards yes they definitely are
there's a big debate in the European
Union about whether the sanctions were
successful or not but definitely the
unity of the European Union is is very
important so the decision of our own
at the expense of the Russian section so
that's why the prolongation of the of
the of the sanctions have always been
decided upon but it's a interesting to
come to see here the big Western
European companies making business with
their Russian back home yeah wait you
know we're open to anyone who wants to
come and make business with us thank you
very much for this into your portrait
luck with everything
I do appreciate thank you supposed to
have a
you
