Spanish governments voted overwhelmingly
to remove the Prime Minister Mariano
Rajoy it's after the Socialist Party
leader filed the first and no-confidence
motion in modern history over a
corruption scandal let's go live to
Madrid now journalist Martin Roberts is
there I Martin bring us up to speed then
on what's happening where you are well
as you say in an unprecedented move
opposition Socialist Party leader Pedro
Sanchez is now Spain's new prime
minister after a vote of no-confidence
which he carried with a hundred and
eighty votes in favor and just 169
against Santa Thal for the vote a week
ago following the High Court ruling
which again followed a long-running
corruption scandal in which several
senior members of Rajas party were found
guilty of corruption including the
party's former treasurer now at first
there was some doubts as to whether
Sanchez will be able to carry the motion
because he only controls 85 votes in a
350 member chamber however when the
opposition left-wing party podemos
through their loss in and then
particularly the regional Catalan and
bass parties raha ye finally knew that
the game was over from what we all know
that no confidence motion is likely to
go through which means mr. Pedro Sanchez
will be the new prime minister and I
would like to be the first to
congratulate him it will be this chamber
that will make the decision and it is up
to all of us to abide by the mandate of
the popular sovereignty represented here
well the big question now in Spain is
just how long Sanchez can govern for
because as I've said he has barely a
quarter of the votes in Congress we
expect to see some furious horse trading
in the next few days bridges built with
podemos left-wing party regional parties
because if the government is not stable
Spain could be seeing its third general
election in as many years so we
certainly look as if we're going to be
having some rocky months ahead Sony
should gear up for that election before
Christmas then I guess so for now though
Martin Roberts in Madrid thanks very
much for that a political analyst Paolo
a phony thinks the new government will
be able to bring changes to Spain's
relationship with the European Union the
end of the government may be a shift in
the policy that Spain will adopt both
towards the internal constitutional
solutions with its autonomy regions
namely Catalunya as the most prominent
case and we have seen how much deep has
been the confrontation about it and on
the other hand it can be also a change
of attitude towards the European Union
as such record has been basically
leaning and accepting towards any
request from Brussels this new
government may be quite critical on
certain austerity measures
you
