Liverpool Real Madrid in the finale of
the European club season my old club I
never thought they'd get there when we
followed them in Moscow against Spartak
earlier in the season but they've made
it against Cristiano Ronaldo it out
we're here on the Liverpool FC media day
and we have a chat to a man that's not
only playing in the Champions League
final but he'll be playing in the World
Cup of Croatia as well his name - in
love room
Dejan thank you very much for joining me
on the stand Collymore show as a
defender how do you approach this game
do you approach it any differently than
if you were playing
Scunthorpe Rochdale in an FA Cup game
I mean players like Ronaldo Benzema Luka
Modric that you know very well of course
in the Croatian team do you do anything
specifically different because of the
quality of the players or is it really
important that you do the same things
day in day out in the lead-up to the
game and during the game no it starts
everything in the training ground you
know if when you are hundred percent on
the training ground then nothing can
surprise you in the game and especially
when you play when I play against my
front three against more money than I
need to be hundred percent because I
know I will play against Ronaldo Benzema
Bay alone one of the best strikers in
the world does that make a big
difference so you just mentioned there I
mean mosula arguably is the best player
on the planet at the moment in terms of
the goals that the way that he plays
marnay you've got from me know you've
got players like Adam Lallana that a
plane against you day in day in training
and they've all been fantastic this year
so that is testing you a very high level
every single day it's keeping your this
level always high and this concentration
you know the key point for defending is
like a team it's not definitely in some
moments I will stay individually against
Ronaldo but I've been working so so hard
in my life and I'm ready to fight
delighted to be joined on the Stan
Collymore show by Danny carvajal it
could be your fourth Champions League
win in five years for Real Madrid it
could be a fantastic end of the season
Champions League and the World Cup for
you let me see heaven or not let's jump
in again i'll mundial one salvo
incredibly terrible equipo de Levante
las dos it's back Larry Semon nosotros
vamos al tal to lock loop or programa
esta tercera charm consecutive Ali y
cual es pal a bus and a llama el hijo
possible a sobre todo pose in deltaba
knob located ahmo's pollution choruses
gamma c u1 intimate of the hereditary
oh-ho you can have one choice the fourth
Champions League this year or the Copa
Mundial which one do you choose as if it
were ladders for study field at Omega
lock open de y por que ya tomorrow test
champion is algo
Claro paid okay dokay mundial a scallop
cuatro años es muy difícil Arab lo s muy
feliz put our dough / gallo poor Sammy
Lee Mirman mundial o'clock el sueño de
El Camino ok fool East $11 a Cobra
we have arrived in beautiful Kiev for
the biggest game of the European season
Liverpool my former club play real
madrid 12 times winners
I am here with two men that know what
it's like to win the UEFA Champions
League admission she says buddy mesh
mixer win it of course on the famous
night in Istanbul and this man of course
is one it several times with rail Madrid
let's start with Bloody Bloody what do
you think of the game Liverpool going
into it with plenty of goals coming win
yeah I mean because we are three season
behind us you know our key for us after
Andre playing very well and of course
it's dramedy in the final but I think we
can be more hungry than this you want to
advise in a row so it's time for change
now Liverpool could be more hungry more
mass embryo the Real Madrid very dad
what are your expectations for the game
lots of goals define on I know 50 people
shake hands may the best team win
the bloody boat delighted to be joined
by route all it's one of my heroes is a
crib growing up with the likes of marco
van basten that famous dutch kit the
dutch won't be there this time we're
here at the champions with the dutch are
there will be shortly but let's talk
about the Champions League final little
or the cherry final funding is there is
that my mother is there is that show the
Dutch my dear as well okay you've won
this trophy you know what it's all about
just two great attacking teams the
argument is neither a great defensively
what's going to win this Champions
League final rude
I think the midfield is the most
important I think that in depth as a big
advantage
and three looking well Robin Goldie fan
I'm on defender seeing a little bit deep
Robbie Fowler joins us Rob huge
Champions League final another one for
Liverpool is this gonna be the goldfish
that a lot of people perhaps think it's
going to be you know what Andy you will
be tada yeah I think everyone's been
saying I'm we play them in games games
I've been delighted to be joined by
Kristian Karen Berg looking well as
always in the words of real madrid talk
to you about the Champions League final
and two teams that score a lot of goals
so obviously you want round Madrid to
win but is this going to be a classic
final no because I think that finally
we're going to see two team we're going
to try offensively because they are the
best under so as it may be I can say
that modular move defensive player for
sure that behind Lauren and one man
Taekwondo he's doing very well and both
mother will have some difficulties and
because there is a great team in from
everybody saying that the midfield is
gonna be the big battle and that Real
Madrid has the better midfielders as
something that's played in that position
how important is that midfield battle
going to be talk about possession of the
ball we talk about controlling the game
leader the middle is very very few
that's a moment and and for sure
you know for me no cruise once the
football always at all delighted to be
joined by a man there is a hero in
Liverpool of course
Jerzy Dudek give us a quick idea of what
the players will be doing 24 hours Oh
does it do you get very nervous you get
very excited at a mixture of both how
did you approach that big game in
Istanbul you're always exciting you know
you know what what's gonna happen you
know you feel the pressure around
everyone is talking about this I know
you know how it's gonna be if you win
and you just focus on the game you need
to do your own job you're not doing this
first time the most important thing to
be caucusing you know the work art and
belief I have a second in the game you
can win it at the end miracle happens
we are here on the Kiev underground his
Champions League debut into another
planet on the gear on the Grandal shame
sir my name is poacher poacher and
you're from San Francisco San Francisco
California so you make journey all the
way to Kiev the pilgrimage almost had to
first where you got to fly fire
Lisbon Prague then here we found some
Spanish Vikings how does that work talk
to us about to Kiev hoax likely to be
here
this is this is koala lungphu the cop
from kuala lumper i guess a song
after half time goalkeeper loris
carriers made two huge errors to
hand-ground madrid the advantage Karim
Benzema claimed the opener for Los
Blancos but so da moneh immediately
equalized for the Reds the match will be
remembered though for gareth bale's
spectacular bicycle kick in the 64th
minute as the Welsh superstar came off
the bench to score one of the greatest
goals in Champions League history Bale
wrapped up the victory with seven
minutes remaining
as his longshot was spilled over the
line by Carius gifting Real Madrid a
13th European Cup success so as the
curtain falls on another European club
season here in Kiev we D come to Moscow
to some Petersburg to Sochi in Kazan for
the FIFA World Cup in Russia Oh
excellent
you
one of the favorites to win the FIFA
World Cup this summer is Belgium they
have household names from across Europe
lots of Romelu Lukaku place and
Manchester United giving to broiler
but just won the English title with
Manchester City they have talent in
abundance the man that's hoping to take
them to glory Roberto Martinez
Roberto Martinez of course very
well-known to British football fans in
particular how different is the gear
change between the day-in day-out
of working with players and then having
groups of players once every two or
three months it's international level
but you can imagine it's very very
different
I think straight away what you have to
accept that there are different rules
and it's just adapted towards them is
the obvious one you having not the
normal contact that you have with the
player club level I find it difficult
the lack of sharing those emotions when
you win when you lose you get you get
tighter you face adversity together and
you can grow an international football
it can only happen in the big
tournaments International Management is
an older man's game what do people say
that and what is it blatantly not true
in your case I think every every
national team coaches position is
different I think that is the case that
some nations need and all their an older
person because you can use your contacts
you can use your experience you can use
your know-how and you don't really need
the dynamic page that a younger person
would bring I think over all the nations
probably you need a different profile I
think in our case in Belgium 90% of our
players are abroad you want to follow
them closely nowadays the technology
allows you to watch all the games and
watch it from your office but I think
that watching the player woman of
watching a player celebrating a goal
watching a player just coming off after
getting a knock you need that that
information and a life game so in our
case we have to travel to Germany Italy
England
majority in the British game and then
you got China and the MLS so we do I
think you need a younger person to be
able to almost clog those air miles and
and get that that dynamic approach tell
us about this incredible Belgian
generation because how has this country
managed to produce so many top-quality
players that have all come through the
system at the same time well I think
there are many reasons and it would be
difficult to point out what was the main
reason I would say that the most
important aspect that I can see is they
the unity
towards developing a path for the player
so when you talk in some countries the
Federation and the league normally don't
work together just because of the
different probably sometimes your
graphically it's impossible to do it
here in Belgium we got the Federation
and the Pro League working almost in the
same building you you use the forces of
each other
and that sends clear messages to the
clubs and the main clubs and sometimes
in a meeting of two hours you can get
all the academy directors and change
rooms that they would help the
development of a player or you could try
to look into an overall picture that it
could help develop in Belgium football
and that's been the big the big key do
you think that happens enough globally
because you think of some of the nations
that do have a a coherent strategy's
essentially what you're saying between
league and Federation is that with
Belgium its its producing obvious
results not just about teams that maybe
go on and win World Cups or European
champions but but also sending the right
signal to the next generation of players
the next generation of coaches and
administrators yes there are two
elements here one is developing a young
player developing an individual and
giving him a good a good platform to
play your football nothing develops a
player like playing competitive games as
you know the pro league in belgium
allows young players to of those 50
games that you need to know where where
you're gonna be outstanding on the pitch
and then just develop and you can go
abroad that's an aspect that has been
developed in the last fourteen fifteen
years real clear the the identity of
Belgian football technical players that
they can play in in systems that you can
exploit 1v1 situations that you want to
be in control of the game I think the
message of the football philosophy is
very very clear and then the other
aspect is eleven million three official
languages majority of the younger
generation they speak English on top of
that so that makes a very very aware
person that as a when I was managing in
the in the Premier League you would look
at the Belgium player someone that is
going to come in and it's gonna open up
straightaway it's going to speak with
everyone and he's gonna ask for a room
is the adaptation period for a Belgian
player abroad and specially in the
Premier League which is one of the
hardest leaks to adapt he's fantastic
and
no wonder that that's why the players
are so successful abroad so it's a
combination one a clear coaching or
development path for the younger players
and the other one is the nature of the
Belgium person that is very aware open
and easy to adapt into other league how
far along the preparation process are
you and give us a little insight into
what that actually entails now we're
right at the end game I think that is
the part of facilities and the skeleton
of your preparation that started
probably well before we knew that we
were qualified for the World Cup and
that was quite difficult to to get to to
get your head around it because
obviously you need to achieve things in
order to move on and then you prepare
them at international football you need
to be cautious and you need to prepare
almost as soon as the walk-on finishes
you're already preparing for the next
World Cup and I think that preparation
has been really good we got a camp in
Moscow that we're very very happy with I
think the draw in a way hasn't been too
kind because we have to travel a lot
we're going to Sochi and cleaning that
but we've got a really good period in
Moscow so we're very happy with all the
preparation now what's missing is the
essential bit which is the substance
which is the place and this is a period
of we use 28 players during the
qualification campaign and that means
that five of those are gonna miss out in
their in the final list and and that's
that's a very tough part of it finally
how exciting is it for a coach to to
coach a national team at a World Cup
Finals tournament is it something that
you dreamt of as a young player to
obviously want to play for Spain and
then obviously to want to go on and and
and and coach you've done that you've
won trophies in England
how exciting will it be to take that
Belgian team out right the way
throughout the World Cup tournament I
think it's one of the feelings in
football when you start your connection
with football I would say players
coaches fans everyone you've got a
memory of a World Cup in my case was
obviously in 78 it was when Argentina
and Holland played in the final and
Mario Kempes celebrating away is a
picture that I've got as a young kid but
then they woke up in Spain in 82 is when
you start playing on the street and you
know what it represent
so it is a it is a different way of
understanding the game when you're
involved in a World Cup a club level we
all know the the pressure of winning a
point on winning three points is is is
huge normal days but an international
game you get the whole nation that stops
standstill and it looks at what they the
players can do on the pitch that's a
phenomenal and in Belgium you can
understand the expectations and we want
that to be almost a stimulation rather
than being a another pressure and I feel
that this generation is ready to do that
Roberto Martinez or at least me say is
very good look in the World Cup except
for the last game against England of
course my Stan Collymore show
here on the Stan Collymore show we
continue in our countdown to the World
Cup with this week's focus being on one
of the favorites the Belgian Red Devils
managed by former Premier League boss
Roberto Martinez their side promises to
create excitement at the tournament with
a magical midfield of manchester city
wizard Kevin de Bruyne and Chelsea
superstar Eden Hazard but would you
invite the three lions and my home
nation England the 1966 World Cup
winners have huge expectations as always
and this will be manager Gareth
Southgate first major tournament as a
manager England hope to progress past
the group stage with hurricane promising
to be one of the breakout stars of the
competition also joining the English
side are underdogs Panama they shot the
world as they shuttered the United
States hopes of reaching their 8th walk
up in a row lost canal eros will have to
prove their word to progress with
Tunisia at the 4 team in Group G the
tunisian tsar one of five African
nations hoping to make their mark on the
global stage but this will prove to be a
testing tournament playing against top
ranked sides next week our World Cup
focus will be on the last but not least
group age
