European Court of Human Rights has ruled
that Lithuania and Romania participated
in the CIA's program of secret
black-site detentions and also violated
the prohibition on torture by helping
the agency we think with the
interrogation of to al Qaeda terror
suspects Romania has hosted a CIA secret
detention facility from September 2003
to November 2005 while Lithuania had
done so from February 2005 to March 2006
the applicants had been held in this
facilities and the domestic authorities
had been aware that the CIA would
subject them to treatment contrary to
the convention okay well let's go to our
Europe correspondent now Peter Oliver
who's got more for us on this story
Peter just explained then how our
Lithuania and Romania complicit in this
well very simply what the European Court
of Human Rights has said is that both
Lithuania and Romania helped and aided
the United States and the mistreatment
of prisoners at black sites detention
sites off the grid in both of those two
countries now the two men that have
brought these cases are abdul rahim
al-nashiri who was the reduced referred
to as the leader of al-qaeda in the gulf
region and abu zu beard ah now he's been
referred to as a stateless palestinian
born in saudi arabia and the chief
recruiting officer in the 1990s for
al-qaeda later going on to be the man
that went between Osama bin Laden and
other parts of the al-qaeda network now
they were held in these sites in in
Romania and in Lithuania as well as
others and the Lithuanian site we've
gettin a little bit of a glimpse into
what was going on there and how
prisoners were held at this this hearing
now if prisoners were kept in blindfolds
at all time they were put in solitary
confinement and they were forced to wear
leg shackles at all times but we got a
more of a gruesome take on what was
going on there
at this hearing as a statement from
savato was read out as he detailed what
was
done to him they Unchained my hands from
the bars and chained them with short
chains to the chains that were around my
legs which kept me in a bowing position
at all times they brutally dragged me to
the cement wall
he started brutally banging my head in
my back against the wall I felt my back
was breaking due to the intensity of the
banging he started slapping my face
again and again meanwhile he was yelling
and then he pointed to a large black
wooden box that looked like a wooden
casket he said from now on this is going
to be your home he violently closed the
door I heard the sound of the lock I
found myself in total darkness or you
saw a few of them alongside his words
there but Zubaydah's sketches from the
time have also been released as part of
a Freedom of Information request they
paint a literally a gruesome and
terrible picture of what was going on
there disturbing picture of what was
happening at the time now the two men
are currently being held in Guantanamo
Bay
now since the detention center opened
there in 2002 it's been open to
prisoners and to scandals about abuse
the current US President Donald Trump he
says he supports the use of
waterboarding something that is well
regarded as torture just about
everywhere else around the world went on
Omar Bay which by the way which by the
way we are keeping open which we are
keeping open and we're going to load it
up with some bad dudes believe me we're
gonna load it up would I feel strongly
about waterboarding as far as I'm
concerned we have to fight fire with
fire well Donald Trump doubled down on
his support for waterboarding when
earlier this month he promoted the woman
who'd been in charge of the CIA black
sites to the top job in the CIA
Gina Haspel known by her detractors in
the media particularly here in Germany
as either the torture queen or bloody
Gina she is now the new CIA director
with the support of Donald Trump as we
just heard there for carrying out
extraordinary rendition and as he
mentioned in that sound bite
for carrying out waterboarding okay
thanks Peter that was Peter Oliver for
us there in Berlin
you
