my name is Vasily pleasured notes I'm a
grandson of Valentin Padma for the great
Russian brown bear researcher my
grandfather invented a way to release
orphaned bear cubs back into nature
while preserving the fear of men in them
based on his unique method 234 bears
have returned to their natural habitat
since 1995
that was part of his research since I
was seven step-by-step I got engaged and
then did a thesis on bears and
eventually stayed with the project now
I'm a fully fledged member of the team
we keep it going every year every year
we get new bear cubs that are then
successfully released into the wild
we transfer bear cubs from their
countryside house to dependent roughly
at the same time when their mother would
first take them for a walk from their
dead
it usually takes place in April
the Cubs are four months old at this age
the Cubs are able to follow the mother
to get out of the den they can walk and
climb trees they're ready to face the
wildlife so we try to adjust our method
to follow the nature's ways we close the
pen the Cubs are kept in the dark pen
where there's no light at all we open
the door only when we come to feed them
afterwards when they're said we allow
them to get out into the wild to get to
know the wildlife
of course I think the Cubs are going to
copy the bravest one the one which is
going to get out first they usually
follow the leader
probably the most team one will never
get out of the pen but each year it's
different because all the Cubs have
different personalities sometimes you
open the door and they just sit there
and smell the air they hear a lot of new
unfamiliar sounds and this scares them
because when they lived in the country
house they didn't hear them their
totally new and unfamiliar to them here
they're out in the wild
yet with up in the first thing to
explore the territory around their
little house then they gradually get to
explore the whole pen by going in
circles around their house
50th or while here after that if we open
the pen and they're free to walk around
as they know the way to get out of the
pen into the wild
this year the Cubs are still pretty well
this is a good sign
it's good that they fear people
