Britain's fertility regulator is to look
into claims that a number of doctors
have been secretly allowing couples to
choose their baby's gender for a fee the
practice is illegal in the UK unless
it's for medical reasons we are
confident that the vast majority of the
UK's fertility clinics do not recommend
sex selection either at home or abroad
however would take allegations of sex
selection seriously and will investigate
any specific cases brought to our
attention
well newspaper reports claim that some
couples have paid up to fourteen
thousand pounds for the illegal
procedure several senior doctors
allegedly set up appointments at private
clinics in the UK before arranging to
complete the medical treatment abroad in
countries like Cyprus Greece and the UAE
we got the thoughts of Josephine Quinta
Valley who's the founder of comment on
reproductive ethics and political
activist first kids Mirth widow there
are medical conditions which either only
affect boys or only affect girls and
it's actually fairly standard practice
in lots of places around the world for
couples who have a family history of
those kind of conditions to be given IVF
and given the opportunity to select the
gender of child that is less likely to
suffer from those conditions I think we
would all take steps to try and make
sure that our children were less likely
to have problems later in life in all
sorts of different ways the idea of just
choosing the sex of your child based on
a whim I think you know I think to me it
sounds horrifying but what we should be
asking really is the question what kind
of culture are we living in if people
have a really strong feeling if people
really really only want a boy should we
be forcing those people to have a girl
do we want a girl raised in a family
that really only wants a boy and in a
culture that evidently values boys much
more strongly by rejecting the embryo
you don't want on the basis of its sex
and I think that sex discrimination give
women the vote I believe in women's
rights etc and I think women are quite
capable of accepting a pregnancy and do
not need to go into this nonsense of I
want a boy or I want to go you can
suggest I might like one I have five
lovely sons I might have at some stage
nice to have a girl I've now got four
lovely granddaughters you know boys and
girls and my opinion are absolutely
equal and I don't think you should do
anything deliberate to to make you to
you know get you get your choice because
the process that you need to do is to
discard the embryos of the wrong sex
when IVF is done it is absolutely
standard to create more embryos than you
intend to implant the spare embryos are
normally kept in a fridge freezer or
whatever to be used in the future if
they're wanted every year lots and lots
of embryos are discarded because people
have IVF and actually don't want to have
ten children they want to have one or
two children
it's absolutely standard if you are
against discarding embryos then you are
against IVF and you're welcome to
campaign on that front personally I
think it's a very fantastic process and
it's brilliant that it's available to
couples and if couples have a strong
feeling about what the woman does or
doesn't want to be pregnant and want
what she wants to go on and it is
inevitable that they're going to follow
up when you're choosing which embryo you
want you're going to analyse which is
mail which is female you're making a
choice there and this is what I'm saying
I don't accept it because in choosing
might not in the other body on many
occasions these issues come to light
because some conditions are passed
through the mail rather than the female
and
families that have had delivering
diseases go down the IVF route in order
to to see how they're going to solve
that problem but Justin on a purely
basic choice position
you cannot just randomly choose one
without discriminating against the other
you
