Russian MP was forced to miss a UN
General Assembly meeting earlier this
month after finding his visa had been
annulled konstantin Kossuth who oversees
Foreign Affairs in the upper house of
the Russian parliament was added to the
US sanctions list back in April two
weeks later his visa which allowed him
to take part in meetings at the UN's New
York headquarters was cancelled amended
he had to sit out a discussion of a
resolution that he'd actually
co-authored the recent US sanctions
against Russia targeted more than a
dozen top government officials and seven
of the country's richest men the
sanctions will link to the Ukraine
crisis and Moscow's alleged attempts to
interfere in the 2016 US presidential
race Konstantin Korsakov says that
Washington never explained why he was
targeted naturally Aprilia both for sure
I was added to the sanctions list with
no explanation the only reason given on
the US Treasury Department's website
is that I'm an official of the Russian
government it didn't affect any of my
personal interests as I don't have bank
accounts or assets in the US it's made
it impossible for me to continue my
attempt to bridge the gap between our
Parliament's then I also had my visa
annulled which had allowed me to take
part in the UN meetings in the u.s. a
week ago I was supposed to attend a
General Assembly meeting on a resolution
that I co-authored unfortunately I
wasn't allowed to take part the same now
applies to other international
organizations it's a blatant violation
by the u.s. as the host of an
international organizations HQ it goes
against international law and rules of
diplomacy I'm assured that I was
targeted for my beliefs and political
activity which has nothing to do with
the United States
