hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser a
party yeah we're following the Sun we're
still in California now we're in Palm
Springs thanks to something Stacy's been
cooking up maybe she'll talk about it I
don't know what do I know
Stacy yes we're here at the first the
inaugural crypto Springs conference and
it's been amazing we've had so many this
is literally the best crypto conference
that I've ever attended and I'm the
organizer I know so I could be vice pull
disclosure I organized this event but it
was a it's been quite amazing and I've
learned so much and there will be a lot
of the the various talks will be
available online so you could go online
and go look at this just google crypto
Springs and you'll find some of the
stories but you know I wanted to look at
a few items that have been in these
mostly Trump driven in the past few days
while we've been here in Palm Springs
and like close to 100 degree temperature
and very dry first this actually doesn't
have anything to do with Trump but it's
going to lead into a headline about him
this is a tweet from the National
Weather Service in Los Angeles and it's
the end of the ward water year all right
why I was saying like Annie Walker I
don't know what your problem is Bay but
you need to spit it out there because we
don't have all day you know I'm saying
just get it out so the end of the water
year which October 1st 2017 to September
30th 2018 precipitation summary and on
the colored chart that you'll see on
full screen you can see we are way down
below very very parched conditions in
California this year due to some white
say the next headline Trump
administration sees a 7 degree rise in
global temperatures by 2100 last month
deep in a 500-page environmental impact
statement the Trump administration made
a startling assumption on its current
course the planet will warm a disaster
seven degrees by the end of the century
so this of course is way worse than what
scientists are even saying but here the
Trump administration buried in this five
hundred page report made this assumption
that actually they believe that
temperatures will rise by seven degrees
for the
situation did not offer this as a dire
forecast
Prevost on the idea that the world will
fail to cut his greenhouse gas emissions
as part of an argument to combat climate
change just the opposite
this analysis assumes the planets fate
is already sealed and that we should
therefore get rid of fuel emission
standards and other sort of carbon
emissions standards let's party on you
nowise try to give up the alcohol if
you're an alcoholic if you know that
there's going to be free booze your
whole life you know this is obviously a
case of denial denial denial especially
in that Republican side the energy side
that funders who whose been supporting
the climate denial industry out there
for years that there's no such thing as
climate change or the planets not
getting hotter the planets actually
getting cooler and we see we've been
battling these people for years and now
suddenly they flip and said well you
know we were lying to you and we were
enabling this whole thing to happen
Rachel Carson was right greenpeace was
right
we are facing an extinction event but
it's okay because we are throwing the
biggest end of species party the
extinction party it's going to be great
you're gonna love it it'll be a Trump
Hotel and of course you know I've said
and I'll say what quickly once again
there's a huge industry for wrongful
birth insurance anyone born now your
parents now cannot deny that they know
that there's less than one lifetime's
worth of ecological resources for you
you can sue them for wrongful birth
absolutely you need wrongful birth
insurance it's a billion-dollar industry
tell Warren Buffett this is his next way
to screw everybody in fact there was an
article that was tweeted out by the Wall
Street Journal and they were talking
about the fact that insurers are having
a hard time basically there's so many
one in a thousand year events that
they're having to increase they're being
hit hard by climate change disasters and
so they're increasing their their
premiums but the fact is you know I
tweeted back at Wall Street Journal
saying well isn't your editorial page
like responsible for all sorts of
climate change denial that
pushing so um in a way I I do agree with
them that is too late it's way too late
now I think there's nothing that we
could do to stop the catastrophes that
are coming because the catastrophes are
already happening I mean while we've
been here by the way my stepfather had
to have he was ordered by FEMA to leave
his house
I received an emergency text from FEMA
around the same time and had nothing to
do with it but the fact is he was
ordered by FEMA because of the hurricane
that hit in North Carolina there's a
giant sinkhole opening behind his house
and it's gonna eat his house so he's
been ordered by climate catastrophe my
stepfather is a climate change refugee
and right now right he has millions more
hundreds of millions of more it's like
the Black Plague of the 1400s and
Society was broken into two camps those
who were self-flagellating because they
blame themselves and those who went on a
fornication madness you know just like
at the end of the world let's get it on
so there's just orgies in the street
everywhere and so flagellate or so that
I think the next two or three years that
we'll see the same kind of societal
break you'll see orgies and
self-flagellating
okay well that kind of takes me to the
next headline based on what I've seen in
London regarding the Saudi royal family
kind of looks like some of that
flagellation you're talking about but
Trump says Saudi King wouldn't last two
weeks without us help president Donald
Trump so the king of Saudi Arabia may
not last two weeks without us support
escalating pressure on one of his
closest Arab allies to curb rise in oil
prices and pay for military protection
quote how about our military deals where
we protect rich nations that we don't
get reimbursed Trump total campaign
rally in the u.s. state of Mississippi
last week I love the King King Salman
but I said King we're protecting you you
might not be there for two weeks without
us you have to pay for your military you
have to pay you have to pay for us yeah
yeah yeah I love the king I love the
magic ball we put our hands in the
magical orb the orb is great the King
had a great dinner at the King it was
fantastic I love the king but we're
gonna have to get rid of him he's not
good listen this fits into fill you know
my theory going about Trump is that he
sees the balance sheet of America the
Pentagon and military budget is too
these already de-escalating tensions of
the Korean Peninsula
so that we are now Peninsula so now Kim
jong-un is his best friend and we're
gonna pull troops out of South Korea
he's de said NATO is his garbage we're
gonna pull troops out of Germany that
pushes Germany into the arms of Russia
by the way and now he's in the Middle
East saying to the Saudi King we're
pulling all of our troops out of the
Saudi Arabia as well because Trump is a
man of peace yeah he's quite a peace
that's what one can say so oil prices
have risen to $80 of close to $80 a
barrel and Trump is not happy with it so
the funny thing is is I have another
headline also from Bloomberg and it was
like a few days before this headline of
Trump threatening the Saudi King and
that is what oil at $100 a barrel would
mean for the global economy
I think they have to rewrite that
because obviously the Saudi King looks
like he would be headless I think the
people of Saudi Arabia would be able to
go after him perhaps if the u.s. does
not protect the royal family there but
well sir he's got one major dissenter
and they have billionaire in the Saudi
who they kept cooped up in a hotel the
rates for him weeks and he had to give
her a lot of his walls back Prince
Alwaleed Tolyatti Prince Ali we toll out
he's probably working with Trump right
now to overthrow the king of Saudi
Arabia bit of a coup in the horizon you
know why not well there was actually an
interesting bit of this story about the
$100 per barrel oil of course it
wouldn't be wet good for consumer
nations they point out but because of
fracking and because of fuel efficiency
standards that you know it might not be
as bad as the last time in 2007 2008 but
they point out that most of the big
oil-producing nations would do well
obviously and their emerging economy
Saudi Arabia leads the way with a net
oil production that is almost 21 percent
of gross domestic product as of 2016
which is more than twice that of Russia
which is the next among 15 major
emerging markets and oil producers so 21
percent of GDP for Saudi Arabia is oil
and energy
production in Russia they're saying it's
like 10% so again I want to point out
that in America is something like 18% of
our economy is just health care so we
are hospital masquerading as a nation if
you know what Dick Cheney had said about
Russia was that there a gas station
masquerading as a nation so just to put
into context well the ability to keep
inflation genie in the bottle is
evaporating so we see prices going up
across the board oil is just one of them
we see interest rates rising that's
inflationary we see the dollar
eventually cracking and have a
catastrophic collapse that's usually
inflationary so prices across the board
go up that makes that Russia Saudi
Arabia Venezuela hello they're all based
economies they all benefit wildly from
this the emerging market takes a benefit
of this and oil and gold gold starting
to perk up again and Bitcoin of course
would skyrocket 200,000 plus and then
just speaking of Russia I have this last
headline and you know we was just left
Hollywood we're out here in Palm Springs
and this is such a crazy headline I
genuinely genuinely thought this was
like from the onion one of those
satirical news sites and it's so it's
real and it's it's serving Star Wars the
last Jedi negative buzz amplified by
Russian trolls study finds so an
academic paper released titled
weaponizing the haters the last Jedi and
the strategic políticas a tion of pop
culture through social media
manipulation examines the online
response to 2017 s last Jedi a movie
that has come to be considered
controversial amongst his larger fanbase
of the franchise but the studies suggest
that reputation may not be earned that
instead they find the study finds that
evidence of deliberate organized
political influence measures disguises
fan arguments is the likely objective of
these measures is increasing media
coverage of the fandom conflict thereby
adding to and further propagating a
narrative of widespread discord and
dysfunction an American society right
that's like saying that Russia and the
Soviet Union were responsible for
lynching blacks in the south during the
past years because in these new Star
Wars films they feature black character
and
are being attacked by the alt-right and
the extreme right and the racist in
America and to justify this in Hollywood
because they don't want to admit that
level of racism in America they blame it
on Russia that's so freakin pathetic the
news media is Hollywood is and the
social discourse in America is it's said
it's just a freaking movie about aliens
in furry costumes shooting each other
with ray guns
get over yourself America yeah but I
mean you saw this sort of thing at the
Hollywood Stock Exchange when you ran
that in terms of the inputs and your
algorithm to determine prices on various
box-office features
how would you input this into your
algorithm well but at that time there
was 98% of the internet was white so
anything with a black actor or director
attached it took less by orders to move
it up in price so that's part of the
algorithm that I develop is patented
five nine five oh one seven six is the
patent number if you want to look it up
and so you need to make certain
concessions toward the demographic and
psychographic of the market to make a
fair market with price parity but that
is a way to adjust for racism so it's
racism adjusted prices need to be racism
adjusted just like the price for Exxon
Mobil stock needs to be adjusted for
their risk the risk of the extinction
event that they're perpetuating that
risk adjusted price for Exxon Mobil
stock is zero the risk adjusted price
for Monsanto now owned by Bayer is zero
the risk adjusted price for Apple and
Microsoft is zero well we got to take a
break we'll be right back after this
don't go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to turn to Shira
Frank who I just met Shira
welcome to the kinds of report thank you
so here at the crypto Springs and Palm
Springs is attracting an international
crowd a diverse crowd talented crowd
technologists and in your case a
lobbyist in Washington for J Street is
that correct I have that correct so far
yeah it was a lobbyist I was an
organizer I was a fundraiser so tell us
a little bit more about that
organization just to kick this off sure
I think it's really important and thanks
for asking a question outside of crypto
because I think we we need more of that
so I worked for J Street for eight years
J Street looked at the us-israel
relationship and said you know what I
think something's wrong here I don't
think we're actually serving Israel's
best interest the Palestinians best
interest and certainly not the US and
they've tried to figure out what was
wrong and they realized there was this
huge effort to convince the US
government that to be pro-israel meant
to do whatever the Israeli government
said when in fact often the Israeli
government might be doing something that
was counter to Israel's sustainability
or survival I mean it's a democratic
country you can elect a super far
right-wing or super far left wing or
whatever have it and that government may
or may not be doing what's best for
Israel in Washington DC that's been
dominated by one lobbying group got it
AIPAC the American Israeli political
action committee in fact AIPAC doesn't
stand for that okay which is good to
know okay so a pack stands for the
American Israel Public Affairs Committee
so that was how J Street actually got
its edge is we won by having the largest
pro-israel PAC the political action
committee and we realized that AIPAC by
the way
AIPAC donors do contribute to candidates
and that's how they were effective but
the organization didn't as a whole and
so you couldn't trace where were the
dollars going if you were like well how
much you know how much money do you get
from a pack or a pack to not pack we
don't you know and so what we found out
is we could convince senators and
congresspeople over time and it was not
that long only eight years and AIPAC is
decades old and hundred million plus
dollars but with an eight million dollar
budget
and really good community organizing an
incredibly strategic messaging we were
able to convince enough senators and
members of Congress that to be
pro-israel is to be pro-palestinian to
be pro-israel is to be pro peace you
know this narrative in terms of Israel
and Palestine it's a narrative that we
grew up with and and there's certain
heroes and villains in the story and to
question it brought about a wrath yeah
of media attention and a lot of
negativity so that story that official
story you're saying needs some nuanced
needs a little context you should have
been our comms director yeah exactly
nuanced and so actually that when we
first started out in year one we thought
we only had to change the political
money flow and we quickly realized that
members of Congress go home
and guess what happens when they go home
to their home district they get the
wrath of the rabbi who has the wrath of
the community who has the wrath of
there's only one way to be pro-israel
and it's just to say yes to whatever
Israel does so we actually had to change
the whole communal cultural narrative
and so we had to launch organizing and
we had to launch student movements and
we had to actually change how people
understood the conversation that they
could say you know what it's a little
bit more complicated or it's not black
and white and even just being okay with
asking a question okay so now we
established thing that kind of set the
table so sure she asked you a question
yeah about Mideast politics Wow I see
what you think of it so as I understand
it and the subject of Iran in the case
of Iran you've got the hardliners let's
call it AIPAC has a certain position
yeah which is very aggressive toward
Iran and I understand it Jay Street has
it has a different position and that's
just playing out now in real time it has
real-world consequences so in other
words in the case of Iran what they've
said to Donald Trump is you know you
need to tweet less because this pulling
out of this deal as you've done has you
knows a lot of oil prices going up and
Trump is saying we don't like oil prices
going up and so that's okay so from
30,000 feet above looking down to talk a
little bit about that give your
perspective if you can absolutely and I
think that's a lot of what brought me
into crypto oddly enough so I'll try to
tie those
together if I can just to start where
you began which is what the hell is
going on
with the US and Israel and Iran like
what is going on here and the Iran
nuclear deal which Obama was able to
push through and J Street was the lead
lobbyist to get that through Congress so
even though the State Department and
Hillary Clinton and then Kerry you know
in this decade you know a long time of
actually a diplomatic agreement with
Iran and I think it's important to
remember we went to war with who Iraq
remember when that happened and right
okay
so J Street didn't exist at that time
right the the pro diplomacy way of
working and with the political dynamics
of Israel being anti-muslim mean it
didn't exist so we were able to push a
diplomatic deal through but then Trump
comes into office so even with all that
power and intensity and intelligence and
political change it's still in matter
because regime change in this country
meant the fraying of all of that and so
I think what that taught me is that this
has to politics isn't enough even the
best politics we can't move money fast
enough we can't move power intelligently
enough with political systems that it
has to be something else and I actually
know what that was
you know until I found crypto and that's
where I saw holy cow these are different
kinds of systems okay so in the case of
run they were subjected to monetary
censorship the Swiss
monetary movement system huge thing was
was sanctioned and said this is a weapon
that the u.s. uses against folks that
they don't agree with it they interfere
in a lot of activities going abroad so
crypto to say go in decrypt though
crypto is censorship resistant right and
so you're saying that beyond the
political solutions there needs to be
something more something more
substantive yeah that leads to crypto so
that take us to take us there when
people say what's the toughest problem I
mean Middle East peace comes up or the
Middle East
comes up right and here I had in my
personal experience in my like 24/7 job
for eight years seen that you could
achieve extraordinary change you could
not go to war with Iran like we went to
war with Iraq you could do these things
yet and yet it could be afraid so easily
so even the hardest challenges you could
solve intelligently in with political
systems and power jockeying and moving
money the way we were doing in politics
but then it could fray so quickly so I
think with crypto the question is could
this be a way to organize power and we
don't use that term enough in crypto I
mean in politics it's about power now
whenever you know button crypto were
like oh well it's about decentralization
well decentralization of want power
right and so I think we're I hope we're
going in crypto is that we do
decentralize power globally effectively
on a lot of different layers and such
that in in the case of Iran like the
sanctions that we and many other
countries in the US were imposing on
Iran and the what that meant for the
people of Iran like let's we were
talking about the politics I mean there
was extraordinary suffering for no
reason these people were doing
absolutely nothing Iran is an incredibly
highly educated population and these are
people who we should be if we care about
democracy and I'm not saying we must but
if we are as America saying we care
about democracy these were them both
these would be partners in democracy
like Iran is not the nation in the
Middle East to be vilifying and you know
what did we do we created enemies out of
the people of Iran through these
sanctions so what it was strangely
enough for the the country now in the
crosshairs will be Saudi Arabia because
Trump is saying you know Saudis are
responsible for this higher oil price
and he's saying they're not gonna be
around in two weeks the king of Saudi
Arabia so Iran is like you know
breathing a sigh of relief it's like
that crazy man in the White House is now
set his sights on the Saudis you know so
he's causing all kinds of dislocations
of power power is shifting
it's very mercurial yeah and it's
definitely not in the hands of the
people so if you believe in democracy
and you believe in distributed power to
the and it comes from the ground up
certainly we're not seeing that but
however if I hear you correctly you're
suggesting that crypto can bring us back
to a place of distributing
power yeah it has that potential
I mean I'll bring it to the human body
in a way and just follow me if you will
and tell me if it doesn't make sense but
you know your left eye takes in data and
feeds it to your brain from the world if
your eyes are seeing eyes and your right
eye take some very different data and
feeds it to your brain and that's how
you get depth of field that's how we get
intelligence what we have in the power
system of the planet is we've had very
few people holding lots of power and a
lot of people holding very little
amounts of power and I think we just
need an intelligence of power we need
that distribution of power and I don't
know what that is going to look like
exactly but I am really convinced it
will be more intelligent it will be more
resilient centers of power tend to be in
the central banks the central bank
central power they control the Fiat
money and the Fiat money has value based
on their fiha their depth 8 their theory
it has no trade value it has no a non
depreciating value it just it's not
worth anything so it's so descriptive
offer a hard money solution safe teen
I'm loose who is in Lebanon who is let's
say Lebanon and Israel are at
loggerheads they are politically
completely on opposite side he is a hard
money advocate you know and he is
someone who his dad was in the
Palestinian refugee camps and he's very
aware of the politics in this situation
and he believes hard money is a way to
distribute power and to and to take it
away from elements that are anti
egalitarianism you would you agree with
that no no why would you would you agree
that hard money is a way toward bringing
in a more distributed power system by
distributing hard money oh you mean like
redistributing fiat like meaning that if
crypto is hard money oh and you have
individual songs in crypto isn't hard
I'm just a little confused by you I
don't I think it that isn't hard money
what is hard money in your definition
money is it's the opposite of fiat money
if you have money no intrinsic value
it's paper money total money is like
gold that has okay buddy got it and so
central bank's are the purveyors of fiat
love these languages see this is why we
need more people in politics and media
in crypto because words really matter
like hard money this is actually I mean
I haven't been in crypto as long as you
but I would say that's not a term I
actually hear that often right and I
don't know that that's gonna what does
that connote but anyway to answer the
transfer of value without depreciation
right problem with fit so anyway let's
maybe just swing over to our back into
your wheelhouse okay
you suggested that crypto could benefit
from having some lobbyists and taking on
this industry and what you succeeded
with J Street you know Tripp Tony's a
political edge yes this is and that's
that's that anti FEMA and to most
thinking but can it can happen you know
when you a politician an event like this
is so talk on that we have about a
minute left okay the politic there was a
lobbyist in Washington right well I
think it's changing I think it was
antithetical to the early days of crypto
and Bitcoin the idea of politics and
lobbying in these and I think it's still
edgy and complex but I think that if you
are shape shift or if you are coin base
or a few or any of these institutions I
think shape shift especially with these
deep values these deep libertarian
crypto early Bitcoin values you are
seeing that if you want hard money to
have its promise realized you're gonna
have to communicate with people you're
gonna have to deal with power dynamics
or even if you're developing groups in
Washington there's the so where are they
not go do they not get it it's more than
just having a lobby in Washington it's
having the intelligence of political
organizing in our industry operations so
when you're a product and you want to
penetrate a market and your crypto it's
not just penetrating a market you're
changing power dynamic so you're
attempting to change power understanding
and financial understanding that's
organizing
there's nothing else and you need a
comms team if you're a campaign and
you're running for office what's the
first person you hire money okay fine
crypto has money so they don't need that
the second person you hire comms wrap it
up unfortunately do it another segment
at some point but for this today we
gotta say goodbye thanks for being on
console report you're welcome thanks for
having me
alrighty and that's gonna do it for this
edition of the guys report it may be max
geyser Stacy Evers want to thank our
special guest Shira
Frank try to catch us on twitter it's
Kaiser report until next time bye Oh
