Israel's parliament is now discussing a
new law which would ban the filming of
soldiers those behind the bill say that
video of the IDF's activities can be
used to damage the Israeli Army's
reputation the IDF is frequently accused
of using excessive force something
denied by army chiefs
these amateur videos often shed light on
aspects of the conflict that might
otherwise not get brought up in the
public debate here in Israel and it's
very important that we have that debate
on the conflict the bill includes some
tough measures for example for
photographing IDF soldiers with quote
the intention of undermining spirit you
can get jailed for five years but if the
intention is to harm state security the
maximum sentence is ten years we
discussed the proposed law with several
experts who say it goes against freedom
of speech this is an absurd piece of
populist legislation just meant to limit
and constrain the freedom of speech and
freedom of protests in Israel something
that contradicts the founding principles
of this country and by the way this is
very hypocritical as well because
members of the right
whenever settlers are evacuated they
also film IDF soldiers this is a
time-honored tradition in this country
and this legislation goes against that
value the right we do think that
soldiers are holy they cannot do a mist
they cannot do mistakes you can never
take them to court you cannot do
anything with them and I think this is a
this is a healthy darling
I'm against this proposal of this
legislation because you know when you
don't allow people to take pictures of
soldiers it starts with that you stop
the freedom of speech then you move to
event taking photos of policemen or
whatever this is the end of democracy
