there are many out there who would and
do call him to question Donald Trump's
business prowess but there's no denying
the guy is a branding machine and his
labels have a tendency to work like
gangbusters he's lyin Ted and you know
that's his name we can't have Mad Men
Rocketman sick puppy shooting Rockets
all over the place wicked Hillary crazy
Bernie he's crazy as a bedbug but you
know he doesn't quit Trump's latest
hashtag worthy buzzword is spreading
like wildfire he came up with this one
to remind anyone who follows his Twitter
which is everyone that the FBI may have
spied on his campaign through a
confidential informant but that sounds
all official and it's definitely not
scary or catchy cute Trump we now call
it spike Gate you're calling it spy gate
adding a gate at the end makes it so
much better doesn't it Watergate
deflategate Russia gate priceless and
according to some anonymous sources that
spoke with the AP Trump's choice of the
word spy was not an accident he
allegedly picked the term believing it
to be more sinister and likely to be
picked up by the media and if that's
true boy was he right the revelations of
the Obama era political targeting grow
more ominous by the day Trump claims the
FBI may have been spying on his campaign
he's kind of upset with it he read an
article in The New York Times and he
seems to feel that there was a mole or a
spy in this campaign okay no surprise
that Fox picked up and ran with Trump's
phrasing but seriously it's common
knowledge that if a toddler is throwing
a tantrum you simply don't give them the
attention they clearly want the fake
scandal that Trump scripted for us in
the media this week has a name one we're
not going to repeat this morning and it
has tweets to go with it which I am NOT
going to read because reading those
tweets is what he wants us to do see
even joy gets it MSNBC could have been a
shining beacon of rationality for the
rest of the media to look up to and not
give Trump exactly what he wanted but no
president Trump has seized on this new
branding effort to discredit the
discredit the Russia investigation I
don't really know where Ken Spygate and
it just went on from there after run
out of steam either supporting or
contradicting Trump's claims little hint
either way it still works for Trump
they went on spending airtime dissecting
the semantics at play here we give you
the great debates of an informant were
spy what's your reaction first the tweet
and second to the distinction between a
spy term own the president is using and
an informant they're one in the same a
confidential informant is someone who is
informing confidentially in other words
spying you may call this person a
confidential informant that sounds
perfectly fine right but what if it's a
spy funnily enough and a breakdown of
the coverage of Trump's latest phrase by
The Washington Post we were mentioned as
having not picked up on it you still
haven't said it wait this whole time I
haven't said it okay well then spy gate
spy gate spy gate can we move on now the
individual at the center of the spy gate
scandal is a Cambridge professor who was
allegedly collecting information on
several of trumps aides they were
suspected of having links to the Russian
government ever discussed a spy gate
with a legal and media analyst Lionel
it's amazing how they focus on the word
spy versus informant the question is not
whether he technically falls under the
the definitional rubric of spy versus
informant the question is what was he
doing there in the first place
Russian collusion and that's the that's
the fiction of this that's the story
they're being told so what they do is
instead of realizing look you got away
with this just let this die don't bring
this up anymore oh no no no no they want
to focus on the use of the word spy they
can't let it go and it was intimated
somehow that RT did not pay a lot of
attention to the word either informant
or spy gate but used a little bit of the
word spy and it was used I guess the
theory behind this was isn't that
interesting that RT decided not to use
those terms not to use those words what
does that mean
it may mean the following it may mean
that RT believe it or not was involved
in reporting the news
