when it comes to policing the web Google
thinks it knows what's best for us a
leak company briefing called the good
censor outlines how the Internet's
behemoths including the likes of
Facebook and Twitter - are grappling
with how they censor content and that
it's done for our own good
Ilia portrayal breaks down the story
free speech on the web
ok Google will you click like or is it a
dislike I'm literally asking their
bosses right now there's no way they
turn their back on the solemn right for
freedom of speech you'd think well some
of what the guys at Google have been
busy with lately has been leaked the
report with a bunch of guidelines at the
end is called good censor get it they're
really discussing censorship for our own
good and point out that the concept of
free internet I mean the online world as
we've known it is utopian what why one
of the reasons is the popularity of a
German opposition party alternative for
Germany and pretty much the whole
outride gig once controversial voices
have been emboldened by like-minded
individuals and are making their way
offline so Google is a platform for
everyone could be a utopia - now the
trend is to create what they call
well-ordered
spaces for safety and civility with
little regard for free speech we're in
an era in which people are starting to
realize that private companies control
whether or not the speech stays up or
comes down the report comes with a few
visuals this one tells you that tech
giants used to be neutral and now
they've shifted to being politicized
editors and publishers well you asked
for it
you didn't yes you did it's all in the
report
governments would also love tech giants
to get more responsible I'm on other
winners advertisers who'd be protected
from anything controversial you post
when they flag any of my stuff is
Hershel and I haven't posted much since
my college days how far is the next web
evolution step when users will be told
what to post keep reading the report and
you'll see it coming
companies should put their foot down
when it comes to users this is the type
of speech we would like to see here and
you were part of a community when you
join us
Google bosses once promised to come up
with a way to make politics better just
after mr. Trump made himself mr.
president I certainly find the selection
deeply offensive and I know many of you
do too
I think it's it's worth being very
vigilant and thinking about all these
issues what can we do to lead to maybe a
better quality of governance
decision-making and so forth
we at RT wrote an official ok google
request on the report they didn't
confirm or deny the document existed but
gave an update on their commitments
Google is committed to free expression
supporting the free flow of ideas is
core to our mission well we have
developed our own content policies we
enforce them in a politically neutral
way and so 7 out of 10 Americans think
tech giant's do censor political views
hey good censor Google they're just not
buying it
well political on social commentator
Anthony Brian Logan told us he's not
surprised Nanak uses Google of
constantly muting political views it
doesn't agree with I'm not surprised at
all this is pretty much confirmation for
many of us who have been talking about
Google consistently engaged in this
internship of conservative viewpoints
the piece the document that was released
to Breitbart pretty much outlines at all
it's a lot of opinion in there things
that they consider to be all right
extremists are simply just normal things
that Everage people talk about a lot but
you see the political bias that's in
Google they say one thing publicly but
obviously they do different things
it's all about who's giving a platform
who's allowed to be heard and those that
are heard are the minority and they're
giving their give in loud voices by a
Google Facebook Twitter because Google
Facebook Twitter agree with their
particular points of view therefore
they'll be the ones that are heard
you
