a journalist attacked that a neo-nazi
rally in Sacramento in 2016
says Californian police tried to file
false charges against him because of his
political views
he claims he wanted to film the protest
which then turned violent leaving 10
people injured
c√©dric O'Bannon is a longtime activist
against racism and police brutality he
says he went to the riot to film it but
was seriously injured the activist
claims all the evidence he had on his
camera including images of the attacker
were were erased by police
he also says police did little to
protect him from being stabbed the
police in turn say the activist was
fueling the unrest by raising his fist
in the air as a symbol of black power
and that actually wanted to charge him
with assault they also say the activist
was promoting extremist views over
social media my colleague Kevin oh and
earlier asked a Cedric abandon what he
thought the real reason for the charges
were why would the police though have
sympathies with neo-nazis again if you
imagine in their own private lives there
are some bad eggs there are people that
you don't understand how they're
thinking he said all the police there
that day there was not one that was
really looking out for you a journalist
simply as you say peacefully documenting
this clash the United States will get on
TV and say that you know to try to
equate a reaction to Nazi violence a
reaction to plan violence as the same
thing is a mis analysis of the situation
the investigator that interviewed me
talked to me on the phone I can see his
right national sympathies you know he
told the Nazi on the phone he would do
whatever he could to help his name was
not in the paperwork I think many things
could have been done to minimize
we've asked the police to elaborate on
their allegations against O'Bannon but
so far no response it's not the first
time though black activists found
themselves on the wrong side of the law
okay below gun was prosecuted as a black
identity extremist he was arrested for
political views expressed in his
facebook posts and DeAndre Harris was
charged with unlawful
wounding after he was beaten up by white
supremacists
