Italy faces renewed political deadlock
after the prime minister-designate said
that he has failed to form a government
and that's because the populist
coalition's choice for economy minister
has been vetoed by the country's
president in the coming hours I will
make a decision on holding a snap
parliamentary election taking into
account the views of political forces
this is the man in question Paulo Savano
he's got decades of experience in
finance and once served as industry
minister but he's also known for vocal
criticism of the EU and once Italy to
drop the euro which he's branded a
German cage and one of Italy's populist
leaders is sure that the German
establishment played a role in Savona
being vetoed German journalists and
politicians insult us Italians are
beggars lazy tax evaders freeloaders and
ungrateful people and we should choose a
finance minister that they like no
thanks
this is one of the front pages that
salvini cited as an example of German
media bias it shows a van painted in the
colours of the Italian flag falling off
a cliff the caption calls Italy Europe's
big disobedient child Italian journalist
marchello furrow joins me on the line
very good evening tea marchello is it is
it that simple do you think the Italian
president has blocked this nomination
for economy Minister purely because of
his feelings about the EU yes yes
unfortunately this is the truth I mean
there is no constitutional reason no
constitutional power especially to block
a government that has the majority in
the parliament and the water mr.
president mozzarella did is simply
saying he said a few minutes ago he said
I have to I cannot disturb basically the
markets
I cannot disturb the European Union
therefore I cannot give my the mandate
to the Prime Minister at Fonte and
therefore there will not be a populist
new government in Italy which is
something really shocking and if you
now in the in the web there is and
really people are disgusted and I think
that the the outcome of this crisis is
really really serious for the Italian
democracy I'm just to play devil's
advocate if the Prime Minister has had
all his other nominations
pretty much okayed is this worth putting
up a big fight over why not just you
know accept defeat on this one and take
the other victories well you know it was
very clear I mean he was I would say
very reasonable on trying to have a
balanced and reliable government and
also mr. DeMaio was very good really
cooperated in a right way and now what
we see is undeclared power because what
salvini said is that there are some
mysterious powers behind the scene that
are taking over and he didn't say but
what everybody think is that there was
somehow obliged to stop the government
and this is something that is really
really unusual for the Italian democracy
and and he people will not accept very
easily what happens next we likely to
have new parliamentary elections well no
we just knew few minutes ago that give
the mandate to mr. Cotterell II who is
the technician very well known in the
you world he will try to make what here
is called the the government of the
president but the chance that he can
find a majority in the parliament are so
far non-existent because the both the
moment five stars movement and the
league will not accept to support a new
government because they will lose all
the credibility
in front of the voters so probably this
this will be I guess Matala will do all
he can he's in his power also
psychological pressure to find a
majority and probably human if he will
not find the majority then we go to new
elections probably September or October
watch other great to speak to you I'm
sure will speak again in the near future
my chela for Italian journalist
you
