but if you talk about you are just that
troubled economy sure granny
career center
I must read night neither straw it
those zealous it is fitting that we
cannot see the sea I've come to Tam and
to give you the inside story on one of
the biggest engineering projects of our
time trust me I won't leave a single
stone unturned
I might be a big guy but the sheer scale
of this construction project is so much
more impressive here are a few numbers
the construction site is divided into
eight parts on each one of them piles
are being driven in all the time
the sound of the piles being hammered
into place has become the construction
sites troupe are beaten
yeah the wish they were visual I am when
you use water fishes in fire - yeah
a mallanna's florida bar I was born in
Kerch and have a small house here so I'm
a real Crimean local that's why I really
do have a vested interest in the Crimean
bridge well nikolai tells you all about
the project of the century
i'll show you some of the amazing parts
of Crimea that you've probably never
heard of you'll get to meet a few locals
- well basically I'm going to show you
my Crimea yes pirula social policy here
with us for all through the period of
interest none Yulia might well be the
only girl on Crimea who drives a
long-haul truck she lives in yevpatoria
and from there she regularly travels to
Moscow let's take a look at the map
here's Crimea that's Kerch Penta man is
here that's where the Crimea bridge will
be built well two bridges rally one for
trains and another Road bridge here's
where the ferry service is based or
takeoff cars to port grim this might
look a better place to build a bridge
but in the winter strong currents here
would push up against the pilings much
harder than on tours most bit so this is
a lot safer
to be honest I'm really more of a
tourist here these guys around me are
the real heroes well 7 a.m. and it's
time for a checkup
working men are no strangers to medical
checks at 7:00 in the morning any
construction site is by definition a
danger zone so they do everything they
can to minimize risks this is an Sirena
she'll be my guide here in come on
on Serena used to teach English and made
a little extra cash by selling all the
lands at saman markets but now she's
retired answering a sister Yelena lives
in Kerch but they don't get to see each
other too often to visit her sister on
Serena has to go from saman support
cough cause then take a ferry to Crimea
and then a bus to Kirk if there'd been a
bridge the whole trip would take no more
than 20 minutes in the end on Serena
decided not to make the trip but instead
to be the welcoming host herself
this is Rashad on Serena's neighbor
who's just dropped in like most come on
women on Serena is well a bit of a witch
business liaison just till you die yes
grace you need data absolute stupa
this is what an ordinary team on
software engineer looks like Rashad
keeps chickens ducks and sheep and he's
recently built a big house his parents
live with him in fact the only thing
Rashad's doesn't have is a wife when he
finds one she must be from Crimea the
shots taken his aunts to Crimea because
they've promised to set him up with a
nice girl but I know very well what's
there the construction site this might
just look like a simple piece of metal
but it really is an important element in
bridge construction
tubes like this are welded into the
piles that will support the enormous
weight of this beer Marv in cold and
heat through storms and drifting ice
you'll and I take a quick pit stop
honestly I know nothing at all about
wheels and bolts but luckily you live us
she doesn't just know about it she can
actually do it Oh Rashad and his aunts
are almost in Kirov Co village
introductions to the potential bride are
about to begin
tartar tradition dictates that young
people should only meet if there are
chaperones on hand it may feel a bit
awkward but tradition is tradition
the young cup of coffee it's time to go
home
look at that beauty a real work of
industrial art
Casa de pasto it's a cream ski mode is
substantially luminousness Nicholas
English country this is the cheapest
metalitz
does a small trade most riveting scheme
datums at Newcomb store progestin will
destroy key that we are he because at
the screen because I'd each day more
than 200 pieces of construction
equipment and a fleet of more than 20
watercraft artwork here helping no less
than 10,000 staff never before has there
been a project on this scale in Russia
this is an absolutely amazing place
leichter Kronk also known as the Crimean
Dead Sea
they say it's one of the best smart spas
in the whole world it's about a 40
minute drive from Kerch to the lake
tadam with William it smoothly dress
wear bras me if cm drive it's squatching
in drivers at the quays Apogee Killam
worked on was photo
Chukwuma units involved is upon us to
you someone will show me stuff catchy
we remove those here yaku is a girl
nippy reserve item Oh stupid curricular
theater mr. Buddha you prayin I do it
with my legs in this area where people
have to work over water
lifejackets are compulsory safety is
taken very seriously they told me a gust
of wind could easily push me into the
sea with mr. Jimson law but I only
discovered see it's a Crim skullbuster
even though we're the mist here
the bridge will have two arch spans a
highway and a railway and they'll be
supported by these piles the total
weight of Steel work in each arch is
about 10,000 tonnes see what Yuma blooms
then you must have asked out of my pool
a month or two forth there now that the
piles have been driven in we can build a
pillar you can clearly see how the iron
work is woven over the piles it's almost
as though the construction workers are
literally weaving the skeleton of the
pillar
eventually the concrete will be poured
over the whole structure
three three three
what happened here yes they were mighty
mighty keep Rostov eyes meet you muster
I hope I meet spork idea shall I eat
mother that it triggered a new visitor
motto
the annual panelist ovata tourmaline
careful Gingka alia relief and I can use
the buzel to be poem more secundus level
near opera Dahlonega kata yes
the concrete flows through these giant
hoses the guys working on the pillar are
pouring it all over the skeleton
drowning my little wire
here you can clearly see that the left
pillar is ready while the one on the
right is still being taught things
didn't work out with sarima Suresh odd
has come in search of a bride at one of
the major Tatar festival's known as
Heather Lee's Vanunu forgetting
unicornia I think Rashad's being too
picky
just look at how many pretty girls there
are
this'll cheer Nicholas needlessly attack
force dismiss them as an attempt Ahmad
sir the camera silsila be water stop
pollution is Sinopoli
oh yes he will be put silly right
we never did find out who the mysterious
Elvira from simferopol was because she
didn't show up while Rashad is looking
for a bride I'm searching for its Horch
encouraged there's always a special
Victory Day celebration and Kerch
festivities last two days on May the 8th
there is a procession by torchlight and
on the 9th the best of Victory Day
Parade
the young consuls introduced this
torchlight procession in the 70s
to commemorate the dead the current
residents carried torches all the way
through town and around Metro daaad
what repairs no period not just oh it's
severe does that suggest you but
children are older so my friends if you
ever get to visit Crimea during the may
holidays do go to courage to see the
torch possession and maybe even join in
the gardenia
and I as usual and preoccupied with
tubes this is part of the Chilean a pipe
that I'm preparing for welding was just
ulis job can't be easy my behind feels
numb just from sitting here and the
ferry crossing is still a long way away
Atticus Morrow's
Trisha sandwich of cheetalicious
allurements of them worked very rich
with Georgia know the moves Johanna
she's really beautiful show them
sinara - we prepared the joint now we
need to weld the pipes together
the sisters toss my clips for Messiah
Buddha were each period welding each
circular joint is like docking the
International Space Station
what does sure
the bridge arches were built in Kerch
and became a bit of a local attraction
residents come here at the weekends to
watch the building process
what at our kokoro GA atta boy far motto
the most or the bhootish receiver it's
also become quite a popular hideaway for
courts and couples
and Rashad still doesn't have anyone to
take from sight seeing the videos
treated the attention I've decided to
take four shots fades in my own hands
and act as a matchmaker we're sitting
here eating and talking about life in
general food here is a very serious
business if he keeps on staring at his
phone he might never find himself a
bride Siviglia is a doctor like her
mother her father is a beekeeper Jon's
crew Conyers News portability kutarka
don't own it don't know probability for
success for mysteriously well it looks
like I failed as a matchmaker
meanwhile we've received a message
saying that a rain storm has certain
domum yesterday no spare screws was this
greasy mrs. Thomas
sometimes storms can mean people are
stuck for two or even three days but at
least some stuck at home it's a chance
to take a few selfies with waves in the
background and enjoy nature
no that would not wanna captain to wish
lanuza
aunt Arina sister Elena has turned up
just had a rest after her for our trips
to maan from Kerch and now it's time to
paint the town red
it's an important day today the vine
festival while the bridge builders are
hard at work the people here are just
relaxing cassava everyone who's ever
been to tamam takes lasting memories
away like the famous writer and poet
sneaked il Lermontov he was only here
for two days and was mugged by smugglers
and events that made it into his famous
novel a hero of our time Estrella Enosh
most part most even our enemy our most
raging Edna's Yoshio attitude Augusto
Cury Omar Villafranca parts of Moria
I'd quite like a swim too but there's no
time
so people
this is a special tent it shields the
freshly poured concrete from direct
sunlight and rain this section won't be
opened until the concrete has hardened
enough
what's on Apple sure to the touch in the
concrete mix is prepared according to a
special recipe it has to be high
performance concrete that's extremely
stable in water anyone who's ever built
their own data isn't afraid of concrete
what's modernity what did you drive in
theatre for or what okay I know you're
sitting there having a laugh and
thinking there are scuba divers down
there waiting for my signal to release a
couple of dolphins but honestly the
truth is much more straightforward
lots of plankton builds up around the
pillars and that attracts fish and
they're you're what attracts the
dolphins well thirds not don't miss the
billionth you know what the Karaka will
give once again Rashad is visiting aunt
Arina as he still failed to find the
bride they'll try a less scientific
approach on Serena's suggest Rashad
adopting the strategy instead of
scouring Crimea he should look for a
bride here in saman
it's an amazing new technique of diamond
in apropos Katya so you would surely
just have seen a Siamese light this is
how vehicles board the ferry literally
bumper-to-bumper
it's a tiresome ordeal first we have to
wait in line for tickets then line up
for inspection then again to actually
board after all that even in good
weather and depending on how many cars
there are the crossing can take two to
three hours even though the actual
sailing time is only 15 to 20 minutes
but if it's stormy forget it you stay
ashore praying for the weather to break
crassula promote more night to discuss
your kustra ferries have this air of
romance about them I really hope they
keep going after the bridge opens
eula and i made it across the street
she's going on to Moscow and our visit
Rashad's in tomorrow
an Terenas prophecy was right
Rashad has finally found a bride a
school teacher called Elvira now they're
off to Simferopol to shop for a wedding
dress it took us three hours to get from
two Montu Kerch because there was no
queue at the crossing then another three
and a half hours to Simferopol that's
almost seven hours in total but when the
bridge opens Rashad and Elvira will be
able to reach Simferopol in half the
time we don't talk down okay master
kappa swag burka groomers no she's not
there's Nick achieve but so low
installing the bridge watches to grant
culmination of the project before the
arch was installed it was just too
elevated sections heading towards each
other once the arch is installed it
becomes a bridge not bit unfinished
both arches were built in ketch the
railway arch was first to be installed
bridge builders did something quite
unique to shift the arch towards the
fairway they laid it on two floating
pontoons
the 6,000 tonne beer mouth started
plowing through the water
here it's being placed over the void
between the pillars a few hours later
and it's lifted into place by special
giant jacks
looking at this arch it's hard to
believe that man is capable of anything
quite so grand
but just six weeks later the bridge
builders pulled the same trick again
with the highway arch this time
on the Black Sea coast
Chris aru is home to one of Crimea's
most beautiful lighthouses 250
kilometres from Kerch surprisingly it
still works and still lights the way for
passing ships skip follows some Western
Australia the ghosts of my children
we're not with Sevilla Syria consumer
which killed just another 10 kilometres
drive south from the lighthouse and you
find yourself in the up hook ski reserve
where you can see incredibly beautiful
salt lakes delightful bays and the
mysterious grotto
it's all very romantic sons each new
community
it's a very important day for rashad
snow Veera it's there in the car for a
Muslim wedding ceremony all of her shots
relatives aunts sisters and brothers are
here all of them
el Vera's getting cold feet she's
reluctant to leave the car we've come to
the con new spec mosque and starry Krim
it's one of the most ancient mosques on
the peninsula some 700 years ago starry
Krim or quorum as it was known then was
the golden hordes administrative centre
it's also the origin of Crimea's modern
name this is the location Rashaad chose
for his new car to be honest I've never
been inside the mosque before so it's
just as exciting for me as it is for the
bride and groom
I don't understand a single word but
even so it's very moving
I've always wanted to come here in
winter and yesterday there was literally
a storm I can't imagine how the builders
can stand this weather I've only been on
the bridge for about 10 minutes and my
face already feels as though it's been
caught in a Siberian frost during a
storm crane operations are suspended but
today the wind has subsided and work is
underway just near near Louisville
premiership our water most consensus
from the Boise economy lavinia
so they write about
the partition chest no pasta cutter
Shabbat another cigar partition for
working men the canteen is sacred in
fact it's like a factory all by itself
Alpert is actually comparable to the
construction site here's a typical lunch
1080 liters of soup 270 kilos of salad
120 kilos of meat patties 30 kilos of
humpback salmon and vegetables fried
chicken 45 kilos
not to mention 500 liters of fruit
cordial you have to agree that pretty
epic either was for good in the Catholic
TV beauty but the switch in a port Celia
Tallulah to Kumasi dude-ness mm-hmm
versa robot is this new media was not
Jim Samantha was it but sure but Steve
shocker Cosmo yes the canteen works
around the clock
breakfast is prepared overnight lunch is
cooked in the morning from lunchtime
onwards they make dinner now the certain
continues
echo shift step off a ceiling
looka little standard reports a citrus
performance facilities regarding
vocalist Nia do bestow bonuses will give
a student even the reverse portrait
unless they choke
December is quite an intense month for
all performing artists shows are always
back-to-back this is my new album being
released
my
there is an old Russian saying from the
boats to the ball and that's exactly
what I just did but in my case it was
the other way around
I'm on a refrigerated fish transport
vessel bound for the Black Sea it's my
first time aboard the big fridge so that
arch is now are a gateway to the Black
Sea the channel between the pillars had
to close when the arches went up but
only for 72 hours
we're fishing for hamsa for locals it's
a sort of toad some fish
residents of Curtin saman will know what
I mean when life was tough ham some
potatoes were the staple foods as a
coach native I believe it's the only
place where he can enjoy properly salted
ham sir
why
we didn't even have time to enjoy our
tea
our troll Nets caught on something at 20
meters we're having to drift around to
recover what's left of our fishing gear
there is a legend among fishermen about
a monster that lives in the Black Sea it
must be true with Koretz
nice to lotsa Madhu's inverted a toaster
nevertheless the cpt no that was it
Asahina attack I'm sorry Gigi Medusa
the arch spans saw 35 meters above sea
level the builders have to use a lift
which of course is operated by Panna the
attendant and today
I'll be her student
it takes me back to the joy of being
allowed to press the lift buttons as a
kid all those years ago just what was in
them your email Jochen Kerch market is
an absolute must if you ever get the
chance vital social or in serum I will
get them with salmon
and this is the fish pavilion I must
know each and every black sea fish like
an old friend you can find all the local
specialties here operative pneumonia
unusually
no problem guys here goes up as matriz
the glossiest me be sure to check out
this market you won't be disappointed
this is very silly until yesterday
details that are known but are mostly
night attack die annually although
stealing is that I'm now at the
pioneering plot on Tuzla Island where
the road is ready its surface was put
together in layers and that's why it's
commonly referred to as the cake we're
installing the guard rails what sure the
rocker plate that's why
we should you know that I usually do
sorry Umaga
it took thirteen thousand kilometers of
steel bars to reinforce 19 bridge spans
for a four-lane road a plane arriving
from Moscow to Sydney covers roughly the
same distance
after the spans were finished they were
covered with six hundred and
eighty-seven thousand five hundred and
nine square meters of asphalt
I'm so lucky to be here intamin for
Easter
the lovely Church of the intercession of
the Holy Virgin is here
the Cossacks built her in 1793 a year
after they landed on the tamam coast the
church has never stopped working not
even during Soviet times that's why some
very vibrant traditions have been
preserved here for example during the
cross procession they closed the church
gates and cossacks stand guard on every
entrance to stop evil spirits enter in
the temple
construction of the Crimean bridge ought
to use its official title the Kurt
straight road bridge carried on for 816
days work never stopped not even for a
day
Commission 74 bridge designs were
submitted for consideration
just imagine the scope of that
competition when construction had just
begun it seemed an incredibly
sophisticated project but through the
skill and professionalism of tens of
thousands of people the Crimea bridge is
actually ready
the first person to drive across the
bridge is the president giving it his
stamp of approval
this young reporter Dickinson
sorry but the cover story
but that wouldn't sound about this
what a great road
it only took 16 minutes to cross front a
man to coach
at the seminary circuit or a delayed
cream leaking darkness of estoppel
Yersinia of sickness issue believe drew
drew go blog a derivation Trudeau voix
schmatta Londo added break attitude
especially spicy one by showing
prashanta no Vera aren't planning to
visit Crimea just scats two weeks before
the bridge opens they had a baby
daughter I think she's a spitting image
of her shots
they called her Malak which means angel
and tartar so it looks as though
Rashad's Crimea relatives will have to
visit them for now
Yunis turn well she's still driving
trucks but from now on she'll spend a
lot less time on ferries the Yahoo Japan
Israel obligatory hero
well now it's time to go home
get the motion them us to on Serena and
I are heading to coach on the bridge our
weights wasn't in vain
la da da Jia Jia Liu dynasty absolute
mafia study cats tolosa more circulatory
support vegetation Democrat Amir say
generally mr. routine is very ball P
visually provoked of the level a baton
yamato-kun easier make sure we target
the right us
Kakui appraise Virginia straightener is
custom
in a few minutes on Serena will meet her
sister in Courage I know mama Stewie
idioms what I've heard you on this car
seat
most odd reserve one got off marginal
unit of the page scream I scream about
the extra mile because I wouldn't dare
or anyone else indeed
what I'm here they only be a label
