the two ministers will also exchange
their views of the corporation within
the EEOC SEC is you know I see and other
international platforms Mitchell foreign
ministers will also discuss global and
original issues of mutual interest
Russia and Belarus are strategic allies
as you know they advocate for the
establishment of just multiple our
system of international relations our
meaningful dialogue is based on common
or similar positions in a wide range of
pressing issues of international agenda
the 30th of May the Russian Foreign
Minister will take part in the
international conference Primakov
readings as you know this forum honors
the memory of the distinguished public
official mister Primakov by tradition
the eventual will bring together our
distinguished scholars politicians
diplomats and journalists in the context
of the ongoing changes in the
international relations the theme of
this forum risks of unstable world order
is especially relevant the book of
readings is a two-day event and it will
be held in the international trade
center Sergey Lavrov will outline the
vision on the pressing issues of the
international agenda the fourth of June
the Russian Foreign Minister will take
part in the minister of in the emitting
of foreign ministers of BRICS countries
in Pretoria the council will discuss a
wide range of issues related to
international peace stability world
economy issues of cooperation
coordination of attitude the ministers
will have a substantial exchange of
views on the situation in hot points
they will discuss the fight against
terrorism and they will also discuss
ways to ensure international cyber
security they will pay special attention
to the preparations for the 10th summit
break summer that will take place in
your hands
on the 25th and 27th of July
strengthening strategic partnership of
BRICS is one of the key priorities of
foreign policy of the Russian Federation
or with a lot yes
this interest club has become a
full-fledged mechanism of multi-pronged
strategic cooperation two summits are
organized the major one and there is
another meeting that is organized on the
sidelines of the g20 meeting also
hundreds one hundred hundred of official
events is organized every year 20 of
them are organized on the ministerial
level and we see that this cooperation
is multi punched BRICS is committed to
the indivisible nature of security and
strengthening international stability
taking collective measures to settle all
the crisis by political and diplomatic
means
the race is committed to multilateral
approaches and admissibility of military
interventions unilateral economic
economic measures protectionism and
unfair competition BRICS countries
together are trying to ensure the
maintenance of all the basic principles
of multi-party trading system and the
eight-year wtl role the olds also trying
to find here resources of economic
growth which was ensured by the reform
of the International Monetary Fund and
other economic reforms that will
modernize a global architecture of a
financial security the BRICS is
advocating for the establishment of the
UN Agenda for sustainable development
2030 and the Paris climate agreement the
brakes also paying attention to the
search of new ways of cooperation race
is open to the outer world we are
expanding cooperation with interested
countries and integration
associations the 21st of May in the
context of Argentine presidency in g20
when a cirrus saw the meeting of
ministers of Foreign Affairs the Russia
was represented by the Deputy Foreign
Minister mr. pumpkin the meeting has
shown unanimity of views on the fact
that there is no alternative way to
multi-party approaches to addressing
global issues the participants paid a
special attention to the fact that all
unilateral actions are futile
they paid attention to the damage caused
by growing protectionism at the same
time they recognized the importance of
social aspects of global economic agenda
and the role of international consensus
these are priorities outlined by the
Argentina's presidency in the g20 and
these approaches are aligned with the
Russian approaches to the cooperation
within the g20 the participants
discussed international challenges like
conflict resolution countering terrorism
and corruption international cyber
security and involuntary migration the
full-fledged the meetings between the
Foreign Ministries were organized in
2012 and in 2017 by Mexico and to
Germany respectfully the exchange of you
is organized by Argentina has confirmed
that this forum continues to serve as a
major forum in addition to yeren efforts
and this platform serves for the open
meaningful and mutually respectful
dialogue with a wide range of
international issues that have economic
and political dimension the g20 has
focused on political issues and
consequences of economic actions which
demonstrate the growing credibility and
the importance of
maintaining its coordination potential
of the incoming president of g20 Japan
has declared about its intention to hold
another meeting of ministers of June 20
on the 22nd and 23rd of November 2019 in
Japan in Nagoya now we will move to
other pressing issues of the
international agenda I'll start with the
situation in Syria over the past week
the situation has changed dynamically we
witnessed positive trends on the ground
the Syrian authorities made substantial
progress in eliminating terrorism in
suburban areas of Damascus from there
terrorists carried our target and mortar
attacks causing casualties among
civilians since the 19th of May we see
the situation in the camp of Palestinian
refugees young workers calm at the same
time in the suburban areas of al-qaeda
and al-assad the contours of operation
will soon be over remaining terrorists
are trapped in the area of less than one
square kilometers however heavily
built-up area helps terrorists to repel
all the attacks conducted by the Syrian
army they use snipers and my traps
Syrian authorities also inform us public
publicly about the restoration works
carried out in the areas of Yalta Bible
our baits our last week this area's came
under control of government forces this
government forces wait for the return of
civilians and they actively fix
utilities infrastructure they fix
hospitals schools and shops at the
moment military situation in Syria and
in the capital area has stabilized
thanks to actions taken by the Syrian
army the territories that are under
control of these Syrian governmental
forces are populated by
90% of all the Syrian populations state
and municipal agencies resumed their
work particularly in the area in the
areas where peace was achieved
particularly I'm talking about the
northern and northern western parts of
the homes governor rates here we can see
that the governmental forces are taking
vigorous action so to restore power
lines and the government allocated
enormous funds for that on the 20th of
May civilians received humanitarian aid
provided by the Syrian Ministry of
domestic trade and protection of
consumer rights in certain populated
areas centers were established for the
regulation of legal status or repented
fighters if we can say that so these are
the fighters who decided to take the
opportunity and use the presidential
analyst C since May more than 3000
people have used that opportunity and
the eastern part of Homs we have paid
attention to the sporadic fights between
governmental forces and our troops to
the west of Palmyra at the same time
according to eyewitnesses the us-led
hunters and coalition particularly its
aircraft are flying over that territory
we're trying to provide all the
information we have given the
humanitarian aspect and complicated
situation in that country we have
actively provided comments on that
situation we answered your questions I'm
talking about Russian citizens who are
imprisoned on the Iraqi territory we
have some news about that the supreme
criminal council of Iraq on the 16th of
May has organized court proceedings
the case of the Russian national mr. t
gira who is suspected in the involvement
of terrorist activities of the Islamic
group he has faced with capital
punishment well so minor Russian
nationals wahkeena and arsenic IRA were
accused of their involvement in the
Islamic state activities ms wall FINA
was under 18 years old when she faced
her conviction at the same time the term
which they served in Iraqi detention
centres will be taken into consideration
I would like to pay attention that
Russian nationals are faced with the
minimal punishment just for your
information the maximum punishment is 15
years in prison to another Russian
national mesda Vlad China won't in 2003
is accused of the illegal entrance into
the Iraqi territory she was sentenced to
nine month in prison according to the
Iraqi law these are not final
punishments and this decision so will be
will be also reviewed by the courts over
people of Iraq I need to say that the
Russian embassy visited this court
proceedings and they will continue to
monitor the situation in order to ensure
their rights and legitimate interests
and they will provide all their consular
assistance in line with the Russian and
Iraqi legislation now I would like to
say a few words about the special
session of member states of the
Chemical Weapons Convention we paid
attention to the initiative launched by
the United States Great Britain France
Germany Canada and Australia they
launched an anti Syrian and at the same
time an to Russian campaign in order to
cause damage to the Convention and the
credibility of their bcw the mentioned
the so-called Syrian France have
launched a massive campaign in capitals
in order to convene a special session of
the conference of member states of the
CWC which is the leading decision-making
body of the bcw I would like to pay
attention to pay attention to the fact
that this extraordinary step was made
only in 2002 when under the initiative
of the United States and their close
LA's this event was organized in order
to talk to topple the general director
of the Technical Secretariat of a pcw
the Brazilian national mr. Boustany who
was an undesired candidate for
Washington this extraordinary step and
damaging step for their pcw particularly
the year when the hague organizes
regular sessions of member states of
this CWC which will be organized in
november so they use that step but they
voiced the so-called noble concerns
about the non-proliferation of chemical
weapons they think that the regime is in
danger
that it should be saved but in fact the
pretext is the same this is an attack
against the undesired Bashar al-assad
government for Washington and there are
allies
and they also made that step against
Russia who as they think support this
criminal regime and they think that
Russia is responsible for the use of
knowledge shock agent in the scruples
case so this is the same staged thriller
made by the West the same situation when
they talked about the chemical terrorism
launched by the Islamic state and the
chemical poisoning of the kimchi news
browser so we see that this is a stage
then this is all evidence so we have a
question for everyone so are these
people even aware does he understand
that they have the right to do that
don't they understand that these steps
are damaging for all the existing
mechanisms related to the prohibition of
chemical weapons and we have another
variant maybe they want to stop the
process of the formation of multiple
World Order they want to stop it they
don't want to use any analytical
approach so just this states are misled
in the geopolitical space with ink that
the vast majority of member states of
the CWC are well aware of the fact what
this six countries are doing they want
to particularly disrupt the joint
investigative mission of their pcw who
is in charge of of making guilty the
guilty other people the structure that
is similar to the OBC w in this
mechanism before the November 2017
again unfortunately was implementing
political orders of the vest and this
mechanism was used against bashar
al-assad government and they used all
the provocative actions with the use of
military-grade chemical agents they
worked closely together with with
non-government organizations like white
helmets we hope that despite all the
strong influence and despite all this
inflammatory attempts this states will
leave aside this attempts that are
fraught with negative consequences for
the cause of non-proliferation of
chemical weapons the regime which was
established and which which was working
for many years despite all the political
difficulties existing in the world and
another topic that we asked her to
comment we are doing it on a regular
basis first we still receive questions
about that we are asked to comment the
situation in Venezuela particularly
bearing in mind the fact that elections
were organized that I need to say that
the incumbent president Nicolas Maduro
won the elections we have already
published the official commentary of the
nursery on the website I would like to
set out our position and I would like to
answer all the questions that we
received in that matter we perceived
from the fact that the elections were
successfully organized this is a will
expressed by the Venezuelans who visited
the pulse
in line with the law this well should be
respected this is democracy
it's true that the elections will not be
able to address all the issues that
that's where you have faced their social
and economic situations needs
substantial improvements and to achieve
it's necessary to engage all Venezuelans
including those who don't share the
political course of the current
government the station is has reached
the point when you cannot just share the
population in ours and there and the end
day so it's necessary to resume the
national dialogue this context all the
public official statements made by
certain countries on the bar
particularly on the level of democracy
of the election process in Venezuela and
the fact that they don't recognize all
this the procedure of routing are
counterproductive and only will lead to
the deadlock all the decisions issued by
Russians on to impose sanctions against
certain Venezuelan politicians all these
unilateral sanctions will only cut off
channels and they they desire to stop
the sources of external financing will
only exacerbate the situation in the
country and will only have negative
impact on the life of regular citizens
all the sections will only exacerbate
the situation in the country so again
all these sections will only have a
negative impact on the life of regular
citizens Russia stands against any
illegal restrictive measures and
embargoes of sanctions taken against
sovereign states which circumvent the UN
Charter we will analyze this situation
and we will try to understand how this
actions will affect the situation in
this country so we think that in this
situation with we believe that Caritas
is the distinguished member of the
international community in the leader of
the non Alliance movement I would like
to remind you the words said by the
Russian President Vladimir Putin in his
congratulatory telegram sent to Nicolas
Maduro he expressed his commitment to
continue their joint efforts on the
issues of bilateral and international
agenda in the interest of the
development of relations of strategic
partnership that is established between
Russian minutes whele were also ready to
answer your questions regarding these
statements made by the ukrainian
President Petro poroshenko or the
withdrawal of Ukraine from the
Commonwealth of Independent States he is
and about his decision to close a
permanent representation office of
Ukraine in this organization so it's an
individual decision of a state to be a
part of an organization or not we know
that the cooperation within the CIS is
of a mutually beneficial nature so all
partners are interested in that we took
notice of the fact that over the last
years Kiev has topped its participation
in the CIS after the coup of the
government and 2014 Ukraine refused to
implement and the functions of the
chairmen of the organization's they
didn't sign any decisions of superior
decision-making bodies of the CI CIS and
they minimize their participation and
since 2017 when Russia became the
chairman of the organization Ukraine
stop to send their representatives to
any meetings at the same time over the
last four years Ukraine didn't provided
any financing for their organization and
therefore organization is facing with
financial problems the crane hasn't
provided more than 300 million roubles
to the organization so talking about the
participation of Kiev in the work of
decision-making bodies of cis which the
Ukrainian president intends to stop has
been stopped or had been stopped long
before in practice we see that this
decision taken by Ukrainian authorities
will only be restricted to the closure
of their permanent transportation office
in the headquarters of the CIS in Minsk
and they will just they will just take
away two of their workers we see this
statement as another public action which
only seeks to make impression on their
Western colleagues and Western patrons
unfortunately only regular citizens of
Ukraine will face with negative
consequences of this decision at the
same time CRS didn't intervene into the
work of Ukraine particularly the
integration with the European Union
resources provided by the organization
only intensified intensified domestic
capacities of the countries and help
them to deal with corruption but we
think that current circumstances will I
just ignored by the Ukrainian
authorities and the Ukrainian
authorities are just guided by
geopolitical interests and another thing
that I need to mention this is the visit
paid by the special representative of
the United States on the Ukraine mr.
Walker he wanted to see the situation on
the ground and to examine the human
Tyrian crisis on Dunbar's unfortunately
instead of calling Kiev to stop the
escalation of military tensions and to
remind Ukrainian authorities about the
need to implement Minsk agreements mr.
walk they're just words to in our
opinion a number of inflammatory
statements among them we can find the
refuse of him of an American official to
recognize the fact that the republics of
done Basques exist it seems that he
didn't even read their Minsk agreements
or even it seems to us he doesn't want
to understand the fact that Minsk
agreements were signed by
representatives of Donetsk and Lugansk
playing up to this military frenzy of
Kiev and by lobbing their idea to ship
their lethal weapons which which is not
going to help Ukraine to address the
situation
mr. Walker adjust to escalating the
situation and he associates himself with
one of the parties to the conflict
that's in this way mr. Walker challenges
himself the role of a mediator in
settling the intracranial conflict at
the same time under goal of course
certain weapons will use the fact that
Walker provided his support to Keefe and
it's seen by Kiev as as a an attempt to
give a free hand to military ventures we
perceived from the idea of the conflict
in Donbass doesn't have a military
decision all these conflicts should be
resolved in a peaceful way on the basis
of new Minsk agreements and it's evident
that Ukraine should be helped in this
situation and I think I'm sorry for that
but I'm a bit ill because it's spring in
Russia you can read that in more
commentary on the statement made by our
us partners in particular on another
topic this time on the Iranian nuclear
program of course we men monitor the
situation under statements - and it
raises awareness that it has almost been
like a snowball and a way that their
entire Iranian campaign is purlins out
of control it looks like the US have
resorted to the politics of ultimatums
and threats regarding Iran of course
it's not - the subject of the joint
comprehensive plan of action on the
Iranian nuclear program and it is out of
the frameworks of the normal interstate
cooperation the not only had the
American administration stepped up of
the agreement but it also makes the
unacceptable conditions for Teheran
still there is some hope a fall on the
same day
declaration of a coordinate of the plan
was made by mass mogherini and we saw
that the other participants are want to
maintain the agreement we'll continue
our work in this direction it's
important that in this case Tegra also
closely adheres to the obligation they
have undertaken and it is regular proven
by they I a a that's very important
Italians doubt that as all the food
activities the destiny of the agreement
will be discussed on the 25th of May in
Vienna here in a during the meeting over
Joint Commission for the first time it
will be the full model working without
the participation of the US we have
never supported and will never support
the policy of unilateral sanctions they
absolutely sure they're illegitimate
illegitimate we want to move forward in
our multifaceted separation with Iran
and still we have a number of topics we
cannot avoid yes
not man there is an important
international events that we are
expecting at the territory of our
country you know excuse me there are
some technical minor problems I think
that will soon cope with them
can you hear me and now you cannot Oh
fine let us wait a bit
- don't economist so we are waiting -
everything is again an order sorry for
these minor technical pause
versus a stigma laughter Isabella so yes
perhaps the tensions were so high here
that the entire system is switched on so
we need a short technical was when the
identifier system switched off or we
continue excuse me once again but it can
happen sometimes so excuse me once again
for the interruption sometimes such
mishaps can happen so our partners
cannot find a peace before the world
championship in Russia that is we expect
in summer it was to put it mildly I'd
rather say enjoy the booklets and
recommendations and warning that have
issued in different countries from time
to time the state financial systems so I
have a nice example of such NGO booklet
today most of all I enjoyed the
recommendation to be very beautiful
women in the Russian Federation this
recommendation was issued in Argentina
that's a funny warning isn't it Ukraine
oh well as of Ukraine is of course
traditionally wants people and that they
can be kidnapped
well perhaps Ukrainians are not afraid
of beautiful women but of political
repressions well they are afraid
thus again this background a lot of
politicians of Ukraine have stepped up
unfortunately Great Britain has also
provided a number of instructions in
what way they're fans from Great Britain
to consume alcoholic beverages during
the World Cup they should not enter
competition with the Russians while
consuming beverages in fact that is a
full-fledged propaganda campaign against
us so that one would do everything
possible and impossible to either
prevent people from coming to Russia or
to intimidate and frighten them however
I believe that the public is used to the
debits and rhetoric within the
informational space that we observe so
people do come to us are they getting
ready their documents a lot of people
are doing that and thus it is crystal
clear to us and to our consular service
and to you because you also follow the
developments in this field the
preparations to the World Cup but still
I'd like to elaborate upon the booklet
that would issued by Norwegian Helsinki
Committee and as a support of some NGOs
from now we get to there is a booklet it
is intended especially for journalists
that our plan ninh - we did the World
Cup in Russia 2018 the initiative
appears to be useful although it should
be intended to help engage journalists
and observers to get ready for the World
Cup in reality it presents another set
of rusev Oba guidelines the
representatives of media the a piece of
a slender and campaign so that
journalists would know and what way they
should cover the World Cup it's
undermining the competition as such true
this handbook is referred to as handbook
for journalists covering the 2018 World
Cup in Russia and it encompasses a set
of some banal it is about Russia the
anti-russian stereotypes that have
nothing to do with the sport and reality
of journalism as such and the key
element on which this booklet is based
information there is presented and the
following way Bob Dwyer again the
background of the stadiums that's too
much too much from the point of view of
reason and ethics because he was
speaking about journalists the people
that should be objective and why does
one engaged in some fear-inspiring
promotion and of course we are
frustrated by the fact that this
materials are issued not only under the
support cylon support all of the
Norwegian government but also with the
help of a great financial contributions
from the government I'd like to remind
you that the Helsinki Committee is
getting funds from the state and in the
year 2018 the fund allocations made more
than 1 million US dollars that were the
money used to publish to issue the
handbooks with barbed wire around
Russian stadiums and it is distributed
as an important information handbook on
the Russian Federation and the upcoming
event of course to consider this
publication as yet another step of
unfriendly men against Russia in the
framework of the Western propaganda
however we hope the common sense and
integrity the professional journalists
will win an upper hand in this case and
the Navision observers and readers will
have an opportunity to enjoy the beauty
of a major football event
however one can say there is some silver
lining in this approach because the more
you are frightened the stronger is the
anti Russian propaganda understand
messages in the media that ripple was
this church service crippled from the
souls Burroughs hospital our attitudes
to the incident led by the British side
the President of the Russian Federation
has provided in labor with statements on
that you're in the joint press
conference with miss Marcal I besides I
don't want the line that it is
unacceptable when the Russian side and
their official representatives of our
state agencies as well as the nearest
relatives over the urge to victims they
have to learn about that not from the
official representatives of the Great
British bodies but from media we
continue to insist that Great Britain
fulfills its state obligations on
providing consular access to you sir
gain here escape I'll it's no doubt it
is a very important for us to personally
see that everything is in order with our
citizens that they are not kidnapped
they are not helped by food we have to
insist on to personal access because we
cannot believe the
word of the officials from Great Britain
anymore especially considering the the
falsified information is uncovered stop
step by step and the statements made by
the by Great Britain is disavowed not
only by the Russia but other countries
structures within the read the country
they can also also confirm that the
British side rejects any attempt to
maintain contact with the Russian side
on the issues that have to do with the
scruple case and the destiny of the
Russian citizens that allegedly victims
to and attack chemical one we have
always to add the word alleged why do we
have to do that because we have not
acquired any proper trustworthy
information what has been whether it was
staged or an attack took place or it was
a performance we do not know in what way
the attack could have been conducted if
there was an attack we have to do with
an only fact that is clear in two months
hasn't been granted far and access to
Russian citizens it is a fact the second
fact is Russian citizens and these or
that way are was held within Great
Britain from contacts perhaps withheld
by force they're held at some unknown
locations in an unknown state we do not
know it was held they are and we cannot
be sure that they are not withheld from
the media just no idea about their
situation these are the facts
and this facts grounded
nothing has prevented to take the
opportunity and give and access to the
Russian citizens
Russian representatives there are no
hindrances for London exactly after you
lose grip on felt yourself well enough
after her statement was made to grant us
access the longer the situation develops
himself the longer we are granted no
access to scruples and scruples are
stripped of the right to access the
Russian officials and media the longer
they are withheld the more questions we
have on what kind of work the British
intelligence is conducting with the
scruples I underline two months have
passed and these people have not been
seen by anyone in two months two months
in such conditions is enough for
anything to happen to people including
not only their physical but also their
psychological state once again I'd like
to say that the Russian party concerned
about the health condition of the
Russian citizens our embassy in London
persists in trying to get some
substantial answers from foreign office
however apart from the very formalized
and and substantial answers from foreign
office we also started to get very
undiplomatic replies for example this
state Minister for Europe and America
mr. Duncan has written a letter to our
ambassador where the facts on the
scruple case are manipulated and not
only counterproductive by just mockery
rhetoric is being used it was said that
Russia has allegedly stepped up always a
great number of versions and
possibilities in order to make a mess of
out of the case so that to throw London
off the track once again our stance is
we have nothing to do with what has
happened and besides it appear that mr.
donfield doesn't get aware
Oh with the media of his own country
where the basis of the leakage from the
British state agencies dozens or even
about a hundred versions of the events
have already been enumerated of course
we provided the response in our wallet
we underscored that the information
vehicle that has been created by the
British bodies around the case of Yoona
and Sergei is crippled is fuel in fact
that a lot of scenarios are being
fantasized and made up in the media
besides we can't attach the full roster
of the requests and claims we've sent
from our embassy to the Foreign Office
on the scruple case or more than
fourteen nudes of diplomatic character
have been issued among them forty points
we were left without response and twenty
God and substantial answers we'll
provide all the materials of what we've
done at the website of the ministry as
of specifying what the truth was it's
not the case with Great Britain
apparently recently in the media some
peculiar statistics was been played that
investigating are more than 250
employees police are more than 5000
video always are being studied or more
than 100 about thousand evidence have
been confiscated and eyewitnesses are
being consulted however still no
provable evidence has been provided
however there are some all the numbers I
love them very much
shanell told them to you according to
the police although about 100 policemen
including the person after the Salisbury
incident had to go to the psychologists
because they had problems with the state
of being constantly worried and
disorientation and one has to figure out
whether also the fact the way in which
knowledge can influence people and
besides I'd like to speak about how
media regulator on inside ignite
inciting three more investigations again
it was said that the investigation had
to do with the possible violations of
the standards specified for broadcasters
the material of violations within the
crosstalk show on the RT that was
broadcasted on the 20th of April as well
as the RT programs from the 26th of
April and the force of mine may what was
the problem with these programs exactly
we got no information about that no one
bothered to provide it the similar case
we had when I was accused of violating
the rules of objectivity while covering
the scrupled case however the integrity
and objectivity of the Great Britain
media is not questioned apparently only
me of the British media at least tried
to prevent the picture that wouldn't be
a unilateral where if you are themselves
a question what has happened but they
are marginalized the mainstream doesn't
have such concerns thus we have no doubt
that there
yet another attempt of the British
regulator to limit the activities of the
Russian media in Great Britain because
the reason it's crystal clear you know
the media broadcast the information that
is undesirable for the British
government for it doesn't comply with
their agenda I can confirm that the
response to this show and it's really
easy shoe and the apparent result of the
show who would be tough we have already
spoken about that that's why I say I
reconfirm it the specialist what is in
our country have started to thoroughly
consider the information within the
materials provided by the British media
represented in the Russian Federation
it wasn't our decision to make we have
never done that earlier we preferred in
cases when the British media published
some untrustworthy information or we saw
some facts manipulations when there were
some attempts of propaganda we preferred
to go to you to speak about it to
publish counter materials but we have
never resorted to the measures that were
applied by London regarding the Russian
Federation of course it's not only and
exclusive the London it just leads these
trends now we are going to prove
providers poems on the same manner we
consider the material of the us expert
from the Woodrow Wilson Center in
Washington information published
materials on the basis of the
information of Pentagon and other
agencies the expert came to conclusion
that in fact in Afghanistan the US
was helped today anniversary in fact
today talent movement last year the
Russian Federation is usually accused of
these activities however their us
authors this time make quite another
conclusion because of the Talib's are
those benefiting from a fair share of
the help provided by the u.s. to the
afghan state thus the expert is not sure
that more than finally within the
pockets of the militants there was a
practice of writing down the resources
that have been used and that there is
some information upon which one can
basically his observations besides
ninety five thousand thousand i
underscore almost automatic ads however
they believed it to be given to
afghanistan perhaps they ended the
militants just it is almost similar to
the information of some alleged tanks of
the russian federation the US wants
toward the border with ukraine however
in this case ninety five thousand of
automobile that is technical support
dissipated they were given to
afghanistan starting with the year 2005
and disappeared in 2016 the information
was provided on the disappearance of
more than one under horse
million all the fire weapons that were
given to Iraq and Afghanistan according
to Douglas listen the talipes discharged
with modern women girls dollars taken
away from the u s-- aid the agency on
international development that was
established in this country it believes
that this mechanism linkages of
financial resources have become one of
the major sources of the Taliban finance
here in the recent years at rest in
Russia accusing Russia of support and
Talib's with weapons and money seem to
be extremely inconsistent again this
background the military and political
situation in Europe unfortunately
deteriorates against the background
within which NATO steps up it military
structures at the eastern flank of
course the turning point here is the
Baltics for example recently major
military games have been finalized at
the territory was almost to the
frontline where the population is always
instigated with severe Russia can attack
them in a time at the same time the
military games include also Sweden and
Finland on subjects of military unions
we call on the leadership of the ellen's
to remember that the further
exasperation of military tensions along
the border line with Russia only finds
the risk to the security of
countries that are in the region besides
we have paid attention to yet another
unfriendly steps undertaken by a number
of Baltic states against the media
presence of Russia in the region however
in the end vinius carry on cracking down
measures on the alleged spread of the
so-called Kremlin propaganda the Ludman
legislators hold on the National Council
for digital media to further tower top
of the measures again the Russian media
that will result in the situation when
the Russian TV channels will be crossed
out of the broadcast and packages
provided by our main Broadcasting
Corporation's the veterans of the grid
but through the TV programmes and TV
channels a port over standard will be
broadcast in package and let's underline
that the policies in this respect isn't
too objective and integral regarding
Russia recently for example from
Tellson's editor car have been sent out
of the country recently netilat second
no longer bro broadcast in Latvia and
the TV channel at planet Earth also was
subject to search prohibition besides
its programmes today can call the severe
sanctions for example one of the
broadcasters that had this channel and
his package was fined and had to pay 150
thousand euro as a fine I reiterate
and I hope that the appeal of these
broadcasters public will be meeting more
integrity that is a trend that is lived
in Dan small the violation of Rights of
the Russian media and other rights of
the russian-speaking people in Latvia
that's we'd like Ptolemy to remind our
multi partners that the tactics of the
search prohibitions and limitations has
been condemned multiple times we call on
the agencies in question to provide
access to of the population to different
sources of information and now the news
coming from Poland where there was yet
another hideous act of desecration
regarding the russian memorial heritage
this equation was a memorial graveyard
in Vaasa on the major monument some
unidentified speaker to present it was a
fool the denial of the rule the Ratana
has played inspires the Vandals and
allowed them to feel they will not face
justice for the activities as a result
the burial sites of Soviet soldiers are
subject to such barbarian attacks well
only in the recent three years they have
been multiple cases of a desecration in
water however even the video observance
hasn't helped the law-enforcement
agencies to find and punish their
perpetrators who insisted that the
monument should be prepared and
thoroughly maintained for the memorial
military graveyard in Warsaw
the central memorial sites in the
capital of Poland these two citizens of
the Russian Federation have been
subjected to citizens unfounded
allegations of the country and somehow
ignited international field discredited
policy of also on history and so on
it has stated that they had conducted
illegal activities we have read this
campaign be also attributed and applied
not on the tower but also to Polish
citizens government auspices the people
to be vigilant and to prevent any
activities that can harbor malicious
intent of Moscow and Moscow some agents
the International Society to see history
class the army that under such
activities one encompass the maintenance
and repair of the Russian monuments as
well as an activity that had to do with
history and preserve in history of the
Second World War
of course such allegations are usually
unfounded and there is no evidence that
could justify such harsh actions in the
Russian citizens although
Oh spinners with the policy of the
government of Poland promote in
cooperation with Russia are declared as
enemies of state such a political trend
in Warsaw the police align conducted but
its government contribute to the
situation that any visible initiative it
is not compliant with their stances is
referred to as the Kremlin order
igniting fear and intimidation resorting
to deporting people from the state on
the result in further and mine in the
lateral relations and some go to use
including embassy in Abuja the FV and
repeat vessel in its captain the Russian
national collector which was taken
hostage and we need to say that the
captain was released and soon the
Russian citizen will leave the territory
of Nigeria Russia has taken all the
efforts to release the citizen we have
maintained contacts with the residence
by telephone and we also maintain
contacts with competent agencies and the
owner of the vessel school will witness
the sixth season of international
children's social program football for
friendship the geography of the event
has expanded from the eight countries
and regions to 211 of them the event is
supported by the Russian company Gazprom
the key values of the problem the key
tasks of the program is our friendship
equity fairness health is loyalty
veteran traditions an owner of this
and brings together young young football
players and disabled Google players as
well as young journalists who cover key
moments of the football for friendship
event within the framework of the
international children present famous
football players and young voodoo person
journalists will discuss the values of
the program which is organized within
the framework of the FIFA World Cup it's
supported by FIFA Olympic Committee of
the Russian Federation Federation to
various countries international children
charity funds and leading world football
clubs at the moment the program is
recognized by the international
community as the humanitarian part of
the international social policy
conducted by the Russian Federation and
I would like to go back to the first I
showed you the diplomatic journal I need
to say that you can find it on the
website and you can acquire it I'm
talking about the yearbook this is an
edition with a long history that it is
the 13th edition every year it has all
the interviews and statements made by
Sergey Lavrov on the Russian diplomacy
the material again is in Russian and in
English the material was was provided by
the official website you can also find a
digital copy the Edition is prepared by
the information and press departments
this edition is for diplomats and
specialists and scholars in
international relations for students for
those who are interested in
international relations many levels and
stages and this yearbook was will also
be interested for all those who follow
international relations today
the digital copy you can find it on the
official website of the ministry now I'm
ready to answer your questions yes
please newspaper new time here event mr.
Harvey today going to many indirect
factor factors
it seems that Nagorny Karabakh
settlement will see a new active stage
and Russia is going to be the first
country who's going to take new efforts
do you have any grounds for that I can
say that Russia has always been playing
an active role in that in the
nagorno-karabakh settlement don't want
to be actually the first but we want to
make all our efforts to make progress in
the settlement process and to make sure
that we'll make effective efforts so we
have been playing an active role you
know about that and we will continue to
do that while maintaining close contacts
with all the parties to the conflict yes
please yes tomorrow ashita Crescent will
hold a meeting about the trade channels
with Georgia if there are they going to
talk about the establishment of customs
border between South Ossetia and
Abkhazia we're going to provide you all
the details after the meeting will take
place we'll provide all the details to
you with all the details that you're
interested in but because I don't have
information at the moment thank you yes
please
doctorate in marijuana
hello mr. Harbach Kamran Gaston about
SARS red TV channel channels allow us
she would congratulate mr. Lavrov for
the fact that he was reappointed to the
office of the Russian Foreign Minister
we have a question for you if they - if
there will be any changes in the work of
the ministry since there is the
reappointment maybe there are some new
tasks bearing in mind the situation in
the world politics
the second question bearing in mind
tensions between the EU the and the
United States Iran Iran nuclear deal and
tensions in Gaza and customs war between
the between the US and the EU can we see
that can we expect that the EU and
Russia will start to work again together
bearing in mind the fact that Emmanuel
macron will visit Russia will wizard st.
Petersburg and the fact that Angela
Merkel met with Vladimir Putin I thank
you for your words I don't think that
you need to that I will refer this words
to Sergey Lavrov because our briefing is
broadcasted and he will see that as for
any change changes made in the foreign
policy I I need to say that the foreign
policy is determined by the concept of
foreign policy adopted by the Russian
president this is the key document that
regulates any steps made in foreign
policy but you mentioned it correctly
that the world situation is changing and
it requires changes in their foreign
policy we have
a framework document the concept that I
mentioned given the all the regulations
mentioned in the concept we define the
course given the provisions in the in
the concept we also react to all the
changes in the international agenda as
for your second question about the
closing cooperation between the EU and
Russia you know we believe that we
shouldn't start so closer cooperation
with States because their relations with
other actors exacerbated we don't think
that we should wait for the issues with
between the EU and the United States we
believe that our relations with the EU
are quite valuable we shouldn't wait for
a good chance which is a bad story in
their relations between the EU and their
other partners we proceed from the idea
that we need to improve our relations
and we should reach a new level of
cooperation with our partners we should
use all the their problem that they have
in their relations with their partners
and we also should understand the fact
that the situation of the European Union
particularly the joint comprehensive
plan of action and the decisions taken
by the United States we see that the
decision of the United States is not
supported by other actors to particular
parties so to the joint plan in this
position
Nikola routinely transformed Watson
doesn't have doesn't imply any
transformation after all the changes
announced by the United States our
positions but part of the negotiation
process so here I would like to see any
connections
therefore we stand for the development
of relations with the European Union
we're not going to develop our relations
with them just because they are dealing
with the difficulties in their relations
with the United States which has to want
to develop multiple multiple our
cooperation with them mr. Herveaux
tomorrow Russia will see the visit of
Shinzo Alba the Japanese Prime Minister
Najib and Russia worked together to
address the North Korea's issue and how
what Russia's going to do to resume the
six-party talks we should work together
because we understand that this original
issues but it goes beyond the region it
involves now the whole international
community because today the
international community closely follows
all the turbulence tests that are going
on in this track we should play an
active role in that process I cannot
provide you any specific details about
that but I can say that Russia plans a
set of actions particularly contacts on
the negotiating process talks on the
regulations of the North Korea issue to
regulate the situation there not Korean
Peninsula so
we're actually engaged in that process
and soon I'll provide more details to
you that I will be I will be able to
share it with you and your second
question was about Russia is going to
resume the six-party talks on North
Korea this is not the correct wording
all the questions because we understand
that we should be actively engaged in
bilateral and multilateral formats and
we are active we provided some of the
ideas that were implemented we have put
forward Russia China initiative which
was frozen in practice it was
implemented but in practice all the
actions that are in line with this
initiatives they bring our positive
trends because these positive transits
we witness at the moment all this
positive annulments announcements on the
upcoming on the upcoming meetings are
result of the actions that we made so we
can make conclusions out of that so we
are actively engaged in many areas yes
please the first question on Monday the
trade and industry mission will have a
forum on migration so we hope that the
ministry's official will visit that
because this question concerns Russian
concerns migrants in Russia recently you
know the United Nations declared that
there is a demographic catastrophe in
Russia
so what's your reaction on that as for
the demographic policy we have relevant
bodies for in charge of that matter as
for the forum on migration I need to
specify that to make sure if the
ministry would be presented and if yes
in what level yeah do you have any more
questions yes please hello mr. harbour I
would like to join to congratulations
mate by my colleague from Zagreb TV
channel three days ago our newspaper
komsomolskaya pravda one of the first
Russian media announced that the one of
the prominent Italian politicians Silvio
Berlusconi said that Crimea is one of
the most beautiful parts of the Russian
Federation do you welcome such
statements and do you think that the
blockage will soon be destroyed all
these loci that exists around Crimea
it's it's just based on pressure if
peoples living there didn't face with
any inflammatory statements war threats
there would be no blockade because we
have reality we have Anna will expressed
by people living there this will was
registered several years ago and this
will is shown on an everyday basis and
there are some countries want to make
this reality unreal all these
information campaigns they all pursue
one goal they want to change the vision
of the situation in the region that
you're talking about Crimea
we want all these campaigns are launched
to make up artificial problems virtual
problems virtual future virtual policy
if on the Ukrainian territory you can
find several public servants who call
themselves ministries for the affairs of
Crimea what are they doing they just
support this work show and read show
actions those actions those people who
perfectly they perfectly understand what
what what they're talking about they go
to the Republic of Crimea they take part
in forums that take place there they
visit cities the situation with the
Crimean bridge shows everything in the
best way for many years they told us
there will be no bridge because first
it's impossible and second it's Russian
propaganda they understood that this
argument is invalid they started to say
that the construction of this bridge is
impossible and some people started to
call to destroy this bridge so first
they start to deny the reality and when
the reality becomes an integrated part
of our life and it's difficult to
conceive it and they all their
propaganda methods are useless they just
call to take actions based on false and
they continue to intimidate people more
and more politicians more and more
journalists and members of civil society
understand that this reality exists they
can have different attitude toward that
again
have different evaluations about that
but the denial is impossible yes please
fill mr. Harmon Artie Channel I have a
question for you North Korea but another
one United States started against to
issue threats against North Korea Donald
Trump and other top officials from his
administration made threats to North
Korea they reminded them of the Libyan
scenario so this statement can undermine
the upcoming meeting between Trump and
captioning you know I saw all the
statements made by the Trump
administration sighs I saw all their
headlines the United States make threats
they talked about the Libyan scenario I
have so many questions to the expert
community of the United States look
let's not make it to this point because
let's talk about the Libyan scenario
let's talk about its consequences
Qaddafi is dead you are saying that
there are no victims
the first victim is Italy for so many
years Italy doesn't know what forum to
organize to organize to address the
issue of the Libyan scenario so when we
write the United States intimidate North
Korea with a Libyan scenario they not
they don't just intimidate this country
they intimidate the whole region I'm not
talking about neighboring countries
adjacent countries because it's becoming
more and more evident that the United
States
don't don't think that
they don't think about people who are
living in the countries that are not
member states of nature but we perfectly
understand that the northern Africa and
Middle East are suffering from the
situation in Libya but we see then so
this is a huge migration flow no
European country can address that so I
call you to read thoroughly all these
statements by the US politicians because
the United States threatened to North
Korea was a Libyan scenario the United
States are just talking about the
picture that will take place in the
region if they use force it's a question
I have a question for them are they
thinking what they are doing because
it's a good question do they understand
what they are doing because they don't
serve national interests they serve
entrance of political leads it's in
their interest to use the Libyan
interests it means that it has nothing
to do with the national interests of the
United States of America there's nothing
to do with the interests of the people
who live there it has nothing to do with
the national interests of countries of
the region yes please
I would like to receive commentary from
the ministry about the situation with
the recipients with the British visa spy
Russian nationals quite recently Russian
people faced with visas you think it
it's it's a recent event because I can
see that this situation exists in
culture and other spheres no it's not
true all these difficulties existed for
existed for so many years but it wasn't
so evident I'll give you several
examples when we are talking about we're
not talking about people who we know
these are regular people who take part
in less popular less famous concerts and
performances and these people quite
often faced with the difficulties when
they applied for a British visa I'm not
saying that it's not a massive problem
it is a massive problem but quite always
the British side has been saying that
there are some reasons for that like one
of the reasons so like the income of a
person has nothing to do with the
minimum sum necessary to live in the
Great Britain or when consular officers
didn't understand the souls of income
the source of funds which a Nationals
going to use in the British territory so
we're talking about regular people who
wanted to learn an English the English
language who wanted to visit certain
events wanted to visit just tourist
attractions no the consular officers
stopped it seems to me to explain why
they refuse
provide visas to Russian nationals it's
evidence now that this year like these
issue and Sophie's er and their attitude
towards mass media is reviewed by London
as a way to exert political influence
and political pressure on Russia and
Russian people this is one of the
commitment taken by the Great Britain
I'm talking about all the commitments
are in the human dimension the human
dimension particularly to make sure that
they don't put any obstacles since the
people-to-people contact is particularly
when talking about ordinary citizens
onus people who are ready to report
about their source of income but before
people were said about the fact that
there are real reasons to deny visas to
them but now there are no explanations
did he apply for a British visa did you
see how many pages how many questions
are asked to Russian nationals this is
just to one of the examples I'm not
talking even about the timeline for visa
application we don't think that it has
something to do with the commitments
taken by the Great Britain because on
the one hand there are people who want
to enter the territory of Great Britain
illegally and on the other hand there
are people who are honest who want to
visit Great Britain as tourists they
want to take part in different cultural
ones they want to visit their relatives
and so on and so forth and can I ask my
second question yes please it didn't
affect people like Roman Abramovich for
example or other oligarchs
have some property there we have some
ties with the British territory several
days ago the British officials refused
to prolong these for a monobrow
knowledge so how this situation can be
interpreted that's what you know but we
know situations when well of the people
face Joe with the difficulties when they
applied for a visa for a US visa or for
a British visa
you mentioned this situation but they
were so many cases and we commented them
when us colleagues would provide any
information these people were denied
visas so there is no novelty here so
they just think that they don't have to
provide any explanations these briefings
and in the interviews to British
channels personally two years ago I
raised the question that the Great
Britain acts quite strangely
when an English teacher is denied these
person who has been teaching English
language for so many years and now he
wants to see the capital of Great
Britain takes all the steps to get a
visa but he's denied visa and the person
who is involved in terrorism at the same
time receives their visa just looks as
how many criminals are on the British
territory so many years Russia is doing
its best to find this people and British
is taking home
all the best Chester to impede our
efforts it's just funny to say that
especially when they are talking about
all the money that are sent to Great
Britain and all the money that are using
a Great Britain and the fact that this
also for this funds are not checked
thank you for your question I'm going to
maybe to make a special reference note
next time to provide break beg regular
background information for you and to
show you specific examples perfectly
know about that when there is Berezovsky
and he's so-called team were the British
territories a least there they didn't
consume any of their opportunities no
one asks them questions about the source
of their funds and these were people
everyone knew about everyone knew about
accusations and charges pressed against
them but we perfectly understood that
this weren't honest people last year and
we didn't even doubt about the fact that
their income was illegal everyone
understood what they were talking about
I mean I'm not even talking about the
Association in the 90s and Northern
Caucasus there's money that were sent to
the Great Britain this sums of money
have to do with the terrorist elements
and no one was embarrassed about that
the British side provided every
information political civil assistance
to those people they weren't embarrassed
by that fact so this is a small part of
a large picture but unfortunately this
not so well apparent situations we
witnessed them earlier I'll repeat to
you no explanations were provided and we
couldn't get them from the British side
and let's talk about the station with
Russian diplomats I understand that we
are not talking about tourist visas or
business visas but there are certain
rules for the issuance of visas for
diplomats it's the great britain who
introduced a strange system when they
first found the issuance of the visas
and it started several days ago not
today a year ago two years ago three
years ago started to make attempts to
debug that situation and if we took the
steps two or three years ago then it
means that this problem has been
existing for so many years
usually diplomats are revoke their visas
or maybe they've another situation when
the process is postponed
you understand that the diplomat is a
person who's their own career they have
their own family if their ins uncertain
about their career they just change make
changes in this career or when is the
visa finished and it's not prolonged by
foreign office as a result they
regulated the term of presence of a
diplomat at their territory and they
cannot do that because it's up to us so
to define the term of presence of the
diplomat in their territory and that's
how it happened with Great Britain
unfortunately we have good examples of
cooperation with the United States we
had reason
both terms when we didn't have any
evident issues well we faced with some
issues when diplomats were worked visas
without any explanations but we had
successful examples of our cooperation
on that matter has formed the Great
Britain the station is different I
perfectly remember the situation when in
2004 I tried to apply for a tourist visa
I've been waiting for several month with
and they didn't explain what happens
when I came here the embassy I was said
and it was quite humiliating for me
they said madam with your salary you
cannot go to our country and I answered
them at that moment I was the second or
the first secretary in their foreign
ministry I promise you our country will
have the moment when our diplomats will
have good salaries well actually I
received my visa visited my friends I
visited the great bread and everything
was good but I'll tell you again that
when I visited the Great Britain as part
of official delegations and when we
asked for a visa in 2004 to visit this
country as a fool as a tourist I faced
with difficulties this was in 2004 he
was short processed do you have any more
questions
well okay to exude this - just one more
point so we knew the cases in question
but earlier they were somewhat left part
of the screen they were not made public
to this extent and not discussed at the
same level of intensity you being a
diplomat what can you say about the
interaction always the Foreign Office
and British colleagues when it really
looks something very humiliating that's
exactly the case you know we do not have
any constructive
interaction with Great Britain in a
number of fields and we often dwell upon
their just take any field the official
contacts are reduced almost to none by
the British side these are the visa
issues and I like to give you an example
it may be shocking just hold on brace
yourself when Boris Johnson came to
Moscow and there was an attempt to get
another to unblock the visa problems to
start the bottles to keep the ball
rolling somehow a number of issues were
discussed the visa issues among them and
there was an attempt to relieve the
situation with visa difficulties on the
diplomatic track
he said he'd be glad to but it's outside
his jurisdiction or water then our
constructive interaction can be when the
dance of the head of the Foreign Office
that moment there was no challenge and
agenda like sociable Salisbury or some
other issues this was just an illusion
that the problems were not there they
were they were created by the British
side and as we now understand quite
intentionally but at that time there
were some attempts to at least not to
make it so clearly political and
politicized as of today there are a
reason a report of the British
government it was made public where
no-one even tries to make up some
justifications apart from the necessity
of exerting political pressure on the
country that's in a nutshell one can say
only one sentence the British have
damask themselves but these difficulties
have always been there and I believe I
provided you some very concrete examples
imagine that the head of the Foreign
Office really doesn't have any attitudes
and attributes to the visa work can one
believe that no
I was then we asked a question it was a
fair one who does engage in the way the
issues what answer did we get we'll try
to figure out who that server stranger
answer to get from an official British
delegation led by their minister so it
is glaring example that shows that all
the attempts to maintain constructive
dialogue on the issues that in our
opinion had no political contact the
work of diplomats we had to face such an
attitude that's it that's when I hear
the new statements all the alleged
interferences of the Russian diplomats
into the internal affairs of Great
Britain I always remember the site I
know how the official London interfered
with the work of the Russian diplomats
through not issuing visas or not
extending the terms does hinder
hindering their work and then they
resorted to sending the diplomat out and
at that I'd like to end my briefing
thank you for attention
