Italy's new populist Euroskeptic
alliance has met the country's president
proposing political novice Jews epic
contr as Prime Minister before the
meeting the leaders of the two parties
in the coalition stressed that in their
new governments Italy must come first
Duvalier moon govern okay coma be on
Oprah postponed italiana in Campanella
Mehta linter s nacional italiano al
Centro che sia cozy anchor el futuro
perk le question eating Italian even go
no prima di una cosa well the Italian
president is expected to decide on
Tuesday whether he accepts Conte as
Prime Minister - formerly bitter rivals
the anti-establishment 5 star movement
and right-wing Northerly came together
in a populist alliance unprecedented for
Europe Charlotte do Minsky's got more
two and a half months since the Italian
election and we finally have the name of
the next Italian prime minister he has
been approved by the Italian president
and his name is Giuseppe Conte he was
put forward as a candidate by five star
movement and the league who both said
that they wanted him to be the next
Italian prime minister what do we know
about him well not very much we know
that he's a professor of law and he's
also the author of the five star
movements justice program during the
election but he is the man that will now
lead Italy possibly over the next few
years well the two parties a five star
movement and legger came together
despite many differences during the
Italian elections to form what they want
to see as being a coalition government a
government for changes how they've
described it in their manifesto some
almost 60 pages long which they were
both approved on Friday well what do we
know what's in that manifesto we'll
first of all many things that perhaps
other countries in the European Union
may not like too much including the idea
that they would like to scrap the
sanctions against Russia they also want
a flat tax in Italy they want to curb at
migration and perhaps most
controversially they want to renegotiate
some of the EU
policies the EU commitments they've
already been warned by a German Minister
and the French Finance Minister that
they need to keep those EU commitments
but these are two parties who have never
shied away of saying exactly what they
think to the EU the choice the Italian
people have made is a step towards
freedom for the whole of Europe away
from constraints and insecurity we want
to rebuild Europe based on people not
bureaucracy we want to be listened to
otherwise all these sectors and
industries that are suffering from
injustice because of European treaties
and directives will have to be
reimbursed well some say the reason that
they won that election they've been able
to join to form this coalition ideology
is because they were both Euroskeptic
parties and that seems to have gone down
well with the Italian electorate and
they're still popular a recent polls
showing that they are getting still 60
percent support from the Italian
population you must do something about
immigration because it's a mess
I like the coalition plan of course we
want lower taxes especially for
businesses the league are too harsh on
immigration we need to solve this
problem but with a more moderate
approach I'm worried about how five star
and the league are going to make good on
these promises it will be difficult
because their powers they're stronger
than them well now the new Italian Prime
Minister has been approved these two
parties will now set to form that
government but the manifesto that
they've prepared this change or this
government for change still needs to be
approved by Italian lawmakers when the
I's are dotted and the t's across and
the dust all settles on that it will
mean that Italy will be the only country
in Western Europe were the Euroskeptic
governing coalition at its helm
