debate over women wearing a hijab in
France is getting fired up once again
why well student union president Miriam
hoosh - was in the news recently talking
about the ongoing student protests here
but instead of lighting a fire in
support of their cause she became a
target just for wearing a hijab but some
it meant a field day on social media
questioning how a woman wearing a job
could possibly be the president of a
left-wing progressive Student
Association and that it was a sign that
the movement had been hijacked by
religious zealots decades ago in the
middle of 20th century un AF was
left-wing and secular and did not allow
itself to be polluted by any religion we
were far from imagining that this will
happen at the beginning of the 21st
lamentable trailer of un EF sad declined
for this Student Union today forced to
choose its leader in the shadows of
Islamism in response a support maryam
hashtag has appeared with a lot of
people highlighting how france is a
multicultural country and that wearing a
hijab is an acceptable form of attire as
it doesn't cover the face which is of
course banned in France tonight all my
support goes to activist Miriam from you
and EF who fights daily to defend the
rights of students and who suffer racist
and Islamophobic insults to hide behind
the misguided vision of secularism to
mask latent racism is unbelievably low
you and EF will remain progressive I
want to express support of our comrade
from you and EF Islamophobia should have
no place in society or organizations
Marin's Student Union is also backing
her saying it's each individual's right
whether or not they wear headscarf and
that as a woman she has a right
choose We strongly condemn the wave of
racist sexist and Islamophobic hatred of
which Miriam is a victim of un AF
support Miriam against this attacks but
that isn't stopping the round for
reaching the upper edge lungs of the
French government the gender equality
minister is now wading in condemning the
online trolls for targeting Miriam but
at the same time questioning whether a
woman in that role is setting the right
example by wearing a hijab
it was a Cohen alphas supposed to be a
feminist progressive Student Union where
a survey Li's proof of the grip of
religion the promotion of political
Islam in a sense instead of defusing the
Rao The ministers contribution is added
yet another layer to this decades-long
debate can you be a feminist a
progressive and a her job wearing Muslim
Charlotte Dubinski our team Paris
