we have people coming into the country
of trying to come and we're stopping a
lot of them but we're taking people out
of the country you wouldn't believe how
bad these people these are people these
are animals I want to share what Trump
said yesterday when he was talking about
sanctuary cities in California these are
animals I'm a lot more concerned of when
he does things like all immigrants
animals and it is a very slippery slope
when you start dehumanizing people this
way
it's what the Nazis did it's what slave
owners did it's not what Americans do
now ice is the only law enforcement
agency that cannot use our databases to
find the bad guys
we'll take care of it thank you there
may be an ms-13 gang member can I know
about if they don't reach a certain
threshold
I cannot tell ice about them we had
people coming into the country of trying
to come and we're stopping a lot of them
and we're taking people out of the
country you wouldn't believe how bad
these people these are people these are
animals well as this is way Trump took
to Twitter to lash out against the media
so Matt let's have now published
retractions and apologized to Trump
political cartoonist ed rall feels that
some of the media have too much of an
agenda the credibility is very hard one
whether you're an individual or you're
in a Gore organization and it's very
easily lost and it hurts me I think and
many people in the world of journalism
to see these media credibility being
squandered this way
I mean eat what's even more disturbing
is that you can attempt to do a good job
as a journalist but you're smeared and
tarnished by the behavior of
organizations that are just pounding
their pre-existing narrative whether or
not the facts bear that narrative out
