the United States has stepped up its
efforts to persuade Germany to ditch the
massive Nordstrom to gas pipeline
project now Washington says that it
doesn't rule out sanctions against firms
involved in the project which is
designed to pump gas from Russia to
Germany the warning came from US Deputy
Assistant Secretary of State for Energy
diplomacy that Sandra out Kirk
she threatened companies involved in the
project that they were in an elevated
position of sanctions risk adding that
Washington would be quote delighted if
the project didn't even go ahead however
Berlin's economy Minister has already
made Germany's response clear and it was
as if the u.s. says America first and
puts its economic interest before others
then it should expect that we Europeans
will define our own economic interest -
and fight for that Martine dolls are a
member of the Hamburg Parliament from
the Left Party told us that German
businesses are worried just how
wide-ranging US sanctions might be
German economy is afraid as well because
the new Trump sanctions are structured
that if you not even directly have
elections but if you for example the
infrastructure in favor of a Russian
company which is on index you can
sentence against you this is pure
blackmail what is what is going on here
you see more or less it was it was told
okay Germans if you do not want to have
a trade war between the European Union
and and the United States get rid of the
North stream to project I I hope very
much that mrs. Merkel does not give in
to this it's a it's a dirty game yet
it's a dead-end game
