it isn't just the British we all love a
story that ends well
scrapple case that was an ugly business
disgusting
inhumane assassination attempt that
thankfully failed it is fantastic news
as Sergey scruple is well enough to
leave Salsbury district hospital that he
Yulia and Detective Sergeant Bailey have
been able to leave us soon after coming
into contact with this nerve agent his
thanks to the hard work skill and
professionalism of our clinicians who
provide outstanding care to all our
patients day in and day out fantastic
indeed poisoned with one of the
deadliest nerve agents in the world a
mere drop of which can kill a dozen
people and he's out of hospital in mere
months miraculous almost thanks to the
good doctors this is a remarkable
turnaround isn't it first a remarkable
recovery really it's amazing it's
incredible how they were able to recover
the public wants to see their hero as he
leaves the hospital is that mr. scrip I
know it may be him no wait there's our
man old photo
well that's anti-climatic there's
nothing no photos no videos of him
leaving the hospital but it's also
strange strange because the British
government was ok with taking photos and
giving access to Alexander Litvinenko
who was poisoned with polonium who was
dying not recovering who was in a
horrific condition mr. Litvinenko was
poisoned in the Pine bar of the
Millennium Hotel in Mayfair in central
London in 2006 and here we have missed
the square pal who was far as we know no
one photographed at the hospital we even
wrote to the Foreign Office the police
the hospital for any information please
see the Gulf cap age on the Salisbury
incident thanks very much
I'm afraid the scribbles are not car
doing interviews but we will pass on
your request and log your interest
Thanks
nothing mr. scribble is unavailable you
know thank goodness he survived and
recovered thank goodness this ended well
but a pity isn't it that no one's
actually seen anything
