hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report I used to be a Rockette then I
became a journalist Stacy is that what
you call it
I have great legs as a journalist we
have some interesting stories here to
cover and these are financial chaos
happening in the world and you know you
always say that you can't taper a Ponzi
and the Federal Reserve has tried to
taper Ponzi they're unwinding their
quantitative easing and interest rates
are rising so far people have said well
we haven't seen any sort of reaction
nothing's happening so far that's bad in
the u.s. stock markets continue to be it
you know near all-time highs and the
property markets are booming they're
rising at like five six seven percent a
year so where is the where's the chaos
that was going to follow a tapering the
Ponzi and of course as we keep on
pointing out we're going to globalize
financial system operating on the US
dollar standard and when we raise
interest rates here that means the
dollar increases in value and lo and
behold we've had some emerging market
currency chaos so I want to look at
what's been happening in Argentina
Argentine central bank reserves down 1
billion dollars today at fifty three
point 41 billion according to Bloomberg
they are trying to manage the collapse
of the currency which is remarkably
happening out of the blue I think it's
as investors have realized that the Fed
is trying to taper the Ponzi they
thought nobody got a taper the Ponzi and
they have and now investors are fleeing
the Argentine currency Mexico Turkey
Brazil Russia they're they're leaving
emerging market currencies suddenly and
fleeing into the dollar the act of
raising interest rates after you've
lowered them for so long through
quantitative easing doing the opposite
of quantitative tightening imagine
swallowing a porcupine and then trying
to pull it back up
so all those quills they're facing one
way on the way down but you pull that it
back out you regurgitate that porcupine
and those quills Oh
get stuck in your esophagus and they
cost tremendous you suffocate and die
not even David Blaine could recur
detained porcupine he just regurgitate
little frogs you've probably just
challenged him to try it David Blaine I
challenge you to swallow and regurgitate
a porcupine I'll bet you a thousand
Bitcoin that you cannot do this well a
full-grown porcupine well of course
bitcoin is doing quite well in Argentina
but I'll show you the chart it's a
remarkable chart again you know I BBC
Newsnight thinks currency collapses in
certain countries are funny but I don't
think this is funny there's an inflation
rate of over 25% in Argentina and it's
obviously a crisis for the population
the elite are always well protected
against this the bottom ninety nine
point five percent are not protected
from this and the currencies collapse an
Argentine peso and free fall essential
bank changes strategy central bank said
to accept currency at low of 25 per
dollar fair value according to the IMF
IMF says board to meet on Friday to
discuss Argentina and there's the chart
just from this year of the Argentinian
peso right so just to review because
you're bringing up something incredibly
important here the the Ponzi and the
taper of the scheme that is the pyramid
that is the dollar is being
quantitatively tightened causing dollar
interest rates to go up and this is
having a reaction in Argentina most
spectacularly but also in the entire
emerging market economy they are now
suffering catastrophe and so a either
the central bank's get together and drop
interest rates once again sure yeah or
and be as you've noted Argentina is a
place of adoption for Bitcoin as are all
these countries that are suffering from
this Venezuela the US dollar hegemony so
not only is China Iran and Germany
exiting the US dollar by creating a
competitor Swift but then you have
Argentina Venezuela and some of these
other countries probably Turkey soon
running to Bitcoin so you've got and
then Russia's running to gold so you've
got Bitcoin and gold are becoming the
go-to assets while the US dollar hits
the buffer
and simply cannot support this Ponzi
scheme any longer on the individual
level and makes sense to perhaps hold
some Bitcoin because there are
geopolitical insanity it's only gonna
get worse because it always happens
throughout history whenever any Empire
collapses look at you know Europe from
pre-world War 1 through world war 2 that
was essentially the part of it was due
to the the British Empire collapsing and
the chaos that ensued from that when the
you know the the Austrian Empire
collapse the same thing like chaos
across Europe so I think at this sort of
point in time when these currencies are
falling like this you have to have some
sort of protection with this gold silver
a bitcoin Mexico's currencies falling
Russia's currency continues to fall but
you know at least they're earning huge
amounts of dollars in Argentina by the
way I want to point out that they're
blowing through a remarkable amounts of
US dollars their foreign exchange
reserves in order to prop up the keep
the peso from falling too far and that
only exists that those uh you know those
u.s. reserves exist there because of a
Cristina de Kirchner who was the
predecessor to Macri she was very you
know nationalistic in terms of not
wanting to be part of the IMF globalized
system for fear of what happened
previously with the debt chaos and the
collapse and the economic chaos that
happened in Argentina so she built up
these massive reserves there so he's
blowing them on trying to prop up a
currency which is again throughout
history most fiat currencies anyway go
to zero so he's trying to stop the
inevitable he should just like keep
those that hard cash you know of the
dollars and let the currency fall as a
follow up there you know Bitcoin one of
the greatest attributes is that it's
censorship resistant you know we travel
all over the world and we travel here in
the United States and people come up to
us all the time and say thank you for
telling me to buy Bitcoin two three
dollars I'm now a multi Bitcoin
millionaire but not as many Americans
because of course our tea has been
censored
in America and the UK and so the
millions of people who could have been
Bitcoin millionaires right now are gonna
be watching on the sidelines as Bitcoin
goes to $100,000 so here's another
headline about what's happening in
Argentina is u.s. dollar and interest
rates rise all heck breaks loose and
emerging market currencies when the hot
money gets antsy a currency crisis
morphs into a debt crisis so that's
important currency crises often morph
into debt crises if you have debts
denominated in foreign currency so
Argentina has a lot of debts in US
dollars that it's hard for them to earn
US Dollars like say Russia can or Brazil
because they have a lot of natural
resources that are priced in dollars and
the you know when the ruble Falls it's
actually the oil that they sell is
rising in ruble prices so they're
earning more income Mexico they're kind
of out of oil at this point they've like
Cantor al is like a loan so that their
their income in dollars is not as high
so the point that he's making here
however is that it was only in January
that Argentina managed to sell billions
in hundred-year bonds so investors were
knocking down the gates to get in on
this 100-year bond all right Wall Street
is like goldfish they'll eat until they
die right so you show them something to
trade in the trade it but you know dr.
Paul Craig Roberts has made a point off
and quite germane to this discussion and
that the Trump's trade wars don't make
any sense because the only way to keep
these countries dependent on the dollar
is that they have to export to the u.s.
in exchange for dollars because they
need dollars to be part of the global
economy and so when you go into a trade
war and you cut that off you kill you
you put a gun to your head and commit
financial suicide by killing the dollar
which is what the Trump administration
seems hell-bent on doing at the moment
well certainly this global financial
system whether it's domestically or
internationally does not seem set up for
the ordinary person the bottom 99.9
percent that are not friends with
essential bankers with this in the
United States where all the jobs happen
in either New York City or San Francisco
but the barrier to entry is you need
tens of thousands of dollars to move
there and even get on the rent
ladder and rents keep on rising rapidly
this is part of the central bank
printing money over and over but where
cash is needed most where credit and
money is needed most
the bankers don't want to lend to them
because there was a higher risk when
there's easy money just speculating in
New York City real estate for example so
who's going to give money to somewhere
in Kansas
nobody cares about Kansas nobody cares
about the middle of nowhere Argentina I
think it was Warren Buffett who said
that banks will famously lend you money
to buy umbrellas when it's sunny outside
but once it's raining you'll never be
able to borrow to buy an umbrella I
paraphrase but something I'm long ago
well it's always sunny economically in
New York or Manhattan in this sort of
Ponzi based system so I want to look at
in Europe where we have another similar
financial currency based crisis possibly
on the horizon and this is something
that you and I have also talked about
here on the Kaiser report since 2008
2009 during the financial crisis is
what's gonna happen to Italy now my own
experience of dealing with Italy when I
when they were still on the lira and I
was working at a film sales company so
we had a lot of distribution Hollywood
films sold to Italy is they kept on
devaluing the Lerer and then they would
come to us and say we need to
renegotiate this deal because the lire
has been devalued by 20% overnight so we
always had to renegotiate because they
had no money right so how have they been
able to sustain economically in the
eurozone when it's all basically the
deutsche mark they're competing against
well they haven't and you know they're
forming a government they're trying to
form a government they were supposed to
have formed a government by the time
we've come on the show but they haven't
so you know the five star movement
that's kind of the left-wing movement
Pepe Grillo used to be the head of it
now it's Luigi DeMaio and then the
Northern League which is the far-right
movement very anti-immigrant and very
far-right northern league they're trying
to form a coalition government but one
of the things on that on the table is
actually a parallel currency for Italy
and the thing that's remarkable about
this is that there's actually a lot of
print media about this leading up to the
election so
the last year like all the major parties
of Italy bar 1 which is the 5 star
movement wanted an alternative currency
a parallel currency to the euro in order
to bring liquidity and credit into the
Italian market because nobody wants to
lend to them well you've seen this movie
before
it's called Greece yes they went through
the exact same thing for the exact same
reason that they had an inflationary
boost once the euro was introduced and
then they got into trouble because they
were borrowing money at the same rates
as Germany and they indebted themselves
into crisis and now that's moved over to
Italy now of course Italy wants to do a
parallel currency just as Greece wanted
to do a parallel currency Steve Kean was
on our show talking about that
extensively they could have backed it by
silver could have been the new drachma
who got involved the IMF the ECB and the
EC the troika stop that from happening
because they're in the business of
killing countries for the benefit of
hedge funds like john paulson italy as
we speculated back five or six years ago
would be the next feast on the never
ending movable feast of IMF ec ECB kill
and destroy Royal Bank of Scotland
esque maim torture steal pilfer they
might be bringing in a parallel currency
it's probably not going to happen with
this administration if they are able to
form a government but it the fact that
all the parties there want to want it
and the population wants it it does
suggest that there's either the end of
the Euro will ultimately end the euro or
it could inspire other countries to
start doing it across the year the ones
that aren't receiving any of the credit
flow but the IMF doesn't want it so it
won't happen well we gotta go to a break
much more coming your way so don't go
away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
max Kaiser time now to turn to our homie
Marshall long he's an OG Bitcoin miner
who's now branching out into other
crypto avenues including Chios dot fish
we're gonna learn about that in just a
few moments Marshall welcome with a
kaiser report
thanks so much max good to be here see
you oh yes fantastic you know we have
been you know part of this crypto
community for a number of years now and
we've seen all kinds of ups and downs
and crazy kind of trends and we're at a
moment now in history where the Jurassic
Park old guys like Charlie Munger and
Warren Buffett are weighing in with
their comments and according to them you
as a crypto currency trader and miner
are a demented who harvests baby brains
how do you respond to these charges well
you know dinosaurs have to die sometime
so I guess now's the time as good as
anything five or six years ago you know
the trolls that would come and try to
accuse the crypto community of being
involved and something that was awful of
course they were low-level people living
in their basement exactly it's very
arena I've got billionaires coming out
after us Jamie Dimon I think that's
gotta be a good sign I think that's the
only time we're looking for at this
point when that when the old gray-haired
dudes start trying to come for your
money that's how you know you're doing
something right you're in mining and
you're still mining of course okay and
Morgan Stanley recently claimed that
Bitcoin miners lose money on Bitcoin
under 8,000 dollars per coin now we
talked about this in Cancun at the
Satoshi roundtable and of course you
wanted them establish miners out there
and we so let's pick your brain a little
bit here what what do you say to that
statement I feel like those people are
incredibly undereducated and used a very
Western sense of what costs are in
general we don't find any place that has
under over four cents of per
kilowatt-hour for power cost power cost
is a big driving factor and what they
would call the price of production and
their projections are very over
exaggerated however that's just because
they don't know
you can get power for when you sign
deals with other government bodies so
it's $8,000 per coin is highly inflated
but there is at some point a price for a
coin that does affect mining correct
with your with your actual energy costs
and as you pointed out you are always
looking to do deals with various
governments a lot of governments have
excess energy capacity they're looking
to unload so for them it's a win-win
right they just say they would not use
this energy anyway and so you're out
there scouring the globe for energy so
in that way its energy efficient sure if
there's a surplus why not use it to
secure a blockchain I mean this idea
that bitcoin is energy inefficient right
there's one reason why it's not another
reason would be that we'll compare to
what not compared to the dollar right I
mean all the energy the dollar the
Pentagon
yeah how about gold yeah if there's a
surplus why not use it for
mathematically provable security instead
of some bull stuff that they're doing
around some us-funded basically
terroristic activities right the u.s.
dollar is takes a lot of energy to make
US dollars backed up is by the military
and the phrase you keep kicking in
they're mathematically proven
mathematically sound mathematically you
know immutable right it's an immutable
tradable value over the Internet let's
talk about this discontinued response to
this all idea that mining being a you
know an eco ecological disaster I'm
thinking about Iceland they use
geothermal energy so that's just pump
coming right out of the ground that's
literally the pump up that's that's
that's where it's coming from it's all
from the volcanic activity underneath
steam powered there's a lot of the stuff
in Iceland also big countries like
Sweden they're closed off from the rest
of the EU as far as their grids
concerned not a lot of people live in
Sweden but there's a lot of power in
Sweden so you know some of the top five
miners are in Sweden now also there's a
lot of stuff in like Cambodia and all
these other kind of places that aren't
densely populated there's just extra
power that they can't do anything with
and now with solar coming out there's a
whole other new demand dimension that
you know power used to be consumed a lot
during the day because of the heat now
solar panels are more efficient during
the middle of the day so the power curve
has changed solar electric powers the
cost is dropping down down that
asymptotic curve like a microchip
so it's just becoming virtually sha
narrowly
you know cost-efficient that your solar
to do that to do the mining you know on
the technology side on on the chips etc
this Chinese company here but Geon woo
bit main you know what give us a little
potted history of that whole storyline
that's been going on sure so you know
that most of the Asics come out of China
there are a few exceptions however these
are the people G Hans for session
specifically he got in a crypto very
early around the same time I did and he
had a really big appetite for risk he
took some big risk to make helped make
one of the first mining chips and that's
where they cut their teeth and now
you've got big companies like Intel
Samsung all these companies coming out
with prototype chips and they're not as
good as Jihan stuff in fact just because
he's been in the game doing specifically
crypto related chips for so long nobody
can touch them at this point right and
that people suggest that there's a
potential to monopolize the mining with
with those guys but is that a fair
statement or not really at the end of
the day that the brains behind the
operation are employees and employees
move from company and a company and you
see a decentralization of employees over
the technology so there's always room
for improvement and when the brains kind
of get dispersed to different companies
you see a decentralization effect there
right now if people argue that bitcoins
backed by nothing and yet you know
mining is energy intensive right so
there's a director where's the
connection there there's a hundred
percent correlation between how secure
blockchain is and how much power you
burn for proof-of-work coins right
backed by what it's backed by the
security that you use your burning power
to secure your chain and that's what
it's backed by back my energy that's it
and so why this is elusive to folks
about exactly sure but let's move on to
your next chapter in crypto life so
you've got yo starfish and you're a
Bitcoin maximalist yourself but you know
this is dot fish is now on the radar and
to full disclosure I think it was mining
over some cancun exotic drinks perhaps
or was it maybe it was Porto Rico I
can't remember exactly when or how but
now Max and Stacey are in ES
not fish indeed so what have you got us
into Marshall a few flavored drinks with
a few umbrellas later and you guys are
now in iOS stuffed fish so we feel like
bitcoin is cool and all that but that
was just chapter one in the crypto story
aetherium kind of pushed the envelope a
little bit further and we think that US
is going to be the next kind of big push
as far as the next tech revolution as
far as blockchain is concerned so what
we've roped you into there is basically
layman's terms of theorem 2.0 but better
I would say okay so compete with the
etherium in let's call it the smart
contract space sure it's smart contracts
2.0 is what we'll call you've heard
blockchain 2.0 now we're getting to a
smart contract 2.0 you know I'm a
Bitcoin maximalist you know I came to
that after a few years realizing that
you gotta really everyone is is
ultimately Bitcoin maximalist because
this is the never gonna be another one
like Bitcoin and it's got the the the
pedigree to to and and the thrust in the
market to do what it has to do but so so
else it can can live side by side sure
and and they serve different purposes
you know a OS you can think of as kind
of the operating system and you can
think of Bitcoin as more of the hardware
behind it because bitcoin is is is is a
great project and it's very widely
adopted and aetherium even is having
troubles getting to that point and iOS
is more about the software layer in the
the 2.0 what we used to call the web 2.0
things like uber and lyft and these kind
of companies are now the 3.0 version
this is kind of what a OS can enable the
scaling side of things you know and i'm
syrian they did a project called crypto
kitties sure which seemed like and clog
it up pretty quickly so yeah so would
this be a little bit more robust it can
handle a lot more volume a lot more
transactions and the way that it handles
that is a lot different it's more about
it's it's more of a community driven
force so with the theorem you can mine
it and that's where all these
bottlenecks come into place cos has a
concept called block producers which is
where a OS starfish comes in
but it's more community focused because
if you mess up then the community can
vote you out of you being able to to be
a block producer so that's a big part of
what makes us great is that the
community decides who gets to kind of do
what they want and they vote with their
with their tokens at that point so it's
put your money where your mouth is not
sit on the sidelines and talk is it like
a - masternode it's similar except
there's more power to the stakeholders
in us okay and it's already like the
number five coin on the market cap
that's right and their main net hasn't
even launched Jed so right and then
Lorimer is kind of the guy and he was
also with bitshares and steam it mm-hmm
which I gotta be a project successful
statement is you know paying people now
to post content to this right to the web
now when you see story of that Facebook
is thinking about coming out with a
crypto coin what is that tell us what
goes through your mind it's interesting
because you're starting to see a
polarization effect you'll see you've
got the big old grey haired guys from
Wall Street saying they hate crypto and
then you have big companies who
basically run those old guys saying no
we're gonna also use it so now you're
seeing the split again which is quite
interesting as far as big companies
getting into blockchain it was
inevitable it has a lot of efficiency
advantages as far as how they're gonna
use it I think is way to be seen and the
adoption rate we'll see how she goes I
guess right Oscar Mayer of course it's
the Bitcoin mhm there bacon back coin
most delicious of currencies I mean this
is obviously is the company using
blockchain to as a promotion we saw this
with Burger King as well so does this
take away from the space or it doesn't
it's meaningless the reason why a
mission is because someone like a Peter
Schiff will say there's 1,800
cryptocurrencies and even you know Oscar
Mayer Scotty cryptocurrency Burger
Caine's got a cryptic it seems to feed
his perception sure talk a little bit
about why that's probably wrong so in
general the great projects will stand
out and the silly projects will just
fall by the wayside and the silly
projects are what feed the trolls to be
able to have more fuel to come back
so I think in general the products that
are worthwhile will continue to outshine
the rest of them and the ones that
aren't worth anything will just fall by
the wayside eventually yeah I remember
seeing a video peter schiff with a combi
which is a gold card that you can break
off into individual gram about candy bar
yeah he was saying you could use that at
the store to pay for stuff now this
obviously doesn't scale very well when
you can just use a cryptocurrency on
your phone and do the whole thing
exactly it's just like gold mm-hmm I
don't have to carry around 40 pounds if
I want to buy a car or something right
all right fantastic so being the fashion
forward thinking you know hero of the
space that you are I see you're wearing
the Bitcoin socks of course please give
it the give the audience a view of the
Bitcoin sign so what we have here are
the exclusive limited-edition Bitcoin
socks very rare indeed what you can see
is many different bitcoins on the socks
going right into the shoe these are
indeed very limited and only acquired by
the true og back winners really indeed
indeed my god there's a little private
keys are sewn into the fabric we're not
allowed to talk about that at this point
it's the most it's get the Lambo of
socks that's right all right very good
well Marshall thanks so much for being
on the Kaiser report thanks so much man
all right well that's gonna do it for
this edition of the Kaiser report with
me Max Keiser Stacy Herbert want to
thank our guest Marshall long miner and
now with us dot fish and you can catch
that online that you stopped fish if you
want to catch us on twitter it's Kaiser
report until next time bye Oh
