well just four weeks ago Santa Fe High
School students took part in a
nationwide walkout against gun violence
it was part of the never again campaign
for tougher gun laws started in February
by survivors at the Parkland massacre
that was the third deadliest school
shooting in US history that they've
become a worrying trend
Walter discusses further work now bring
in radio talk-show host Dave Perkins
who's not so far away actually from that
scene Dave thank you very much indeed
for joining us let's look at some of the
information that's coming through then
it's the 22nd school shooting in the
u.s. just this year I mean why are these
cases becoming so tragically common well
I'm first of all not at all sure that
statistic is correct
the people who compiled those for the
purposes of propaganda against gun
against the Second Amendment tend to
include every kind of incident they can
in that I think is more like the fourth
or fifth if you consider a student
walking onto campus or a next student
with a gun killing as many of his former
fellow students as he can
that doesn't happen 22 times in five
months I'm sorry it's just not happening
it does happen seemingly more regularly
though and I think you have to consider
this question when I was a boy in school
in Texas in the 70s I remember guns and
gun racks in the rear windows of
students pickup trucks I remember not
too long before that there was PE which
included coaches teaching rifle
reteaching boys and girls to shoot in
phys ed classes and ultimately the
statement that can be made with
confidence is the access to guns hasn't
changed Americans have always had guns
but we haven't always had young men who
want to make a statement by killing as
many people as possible at a school so
my question is what has changed in the
young men what has changed in the
culture what has changed in the
upbringing we have 120 million legal
law-abiding gun owners in America who
didn't shoot anyone today and so the
guns I don't think can be said to be the
problem the problem is boys have changed
why and how and what can we do to
reverse that and get ourselves back to a
culture in which this idea doesn't occur
to them it's a huge question I know but
gun control is a huge question too and
not likely to be successful and likely
to cause chaos in American politics for
a very long time if it's tried we had
Barack Obama thinking of ways to do it
for eight years and in the
he failed to try and the people most
eager to do it in Congress ended up
getting unelected gun control is very
much a third rail in American politics
and I know it seems crazy to people from
outside but there's a government website
that shows that millions of crimes a
year including murders robberies
assaults are stopped by people who own
guns and use them for self-defense and
if you made guns illegal in this country
if you succeeded in doing that you would
unleash the biggest crime wave in my
opinion in the history of humanity but
that's my side okay also focusing on
that side then I mean we'll come back to
the NRA and also the gun lobby what you
touched on before but let's also look at
some of the other maybe practical
measures that you've touched on people
are focusing on the laws governing the
purchase of firearms as you say
criticism and support either way well
what about the rules and how they're
stored it looks like this shooter got
the guns from his father perhaps that
would be one aspect that could be
tackled yes it could be I prefer to
think of it in terms of simple security
case I know we don't want to get away
from the guns but the guns situation is
not going to change in my opinion
politically here for a very long time
and it's gonna take a lot more chaos
than what we've had so far even though
it's big in the media right now the
thing that bothers me is this country
has learned to fortify office buildings
bank buildings government buildings they
have security magnetic doors with key
locks they have armed guards they have
metal detectors there are many more of
those buildings than there are schools
in America and yet after all the school
shootings and all the political chatter
about school shootings no one has made a
move nationally to secure schools in the
same manner that government buildings
bank buildings office towers etc are
secured even doctors offices pharmacies
buildings with a reason to suspect that
someone will come in with mayhem on
their mind have security why hasn't that
move been made we've been talking about
this since Columbine in the 1990s why
have we let an entire generation of
American students grow up at risk of
this without making any effort to secure
the buildings in the same way that is so
commonly done
for other buildings across the country
seems to me like you could start a
GoFundMe page and the parents and the
families in school district will be
happy to absorb this cost you wouldn't
even have to tax and spend from a
government point of view the people
would do it themselves
you've got to secure the schools and
that's not just against guns
it's against anyone coming in with any
kind of mayhem on their mind it's common
sense and I don't know why we're doing
it except I fear that the people who
want gun control are trying to
capitalize on these instances to try to
get the public in favor of gun control
it hasn't worked yet it's not gonna work
this time
I vote for security for school buildings
it's common sense
well let's also look at the aspects hey
you you're in favor of it you you
backing up the NRA but there has on the
other side being widespread criticism of
the gun lobby especially the NRA in
blocking those gun control laws and they
have broad public support do you think
then is there an argument there that the
NRA and the gun lobby bear any
responsibility for what is happening
no the NRA has about 6 million members
they were originally formed to make sure
that laws were not passed and movements
were not grown to disarm black people
shortly after they were emancipated from
slavery by the Republican Abraham
Lincoln because that was the move of the
Democrat Party at the time was to
terrorize and intimidate black people
and disarming them with local and city
rules to that effect was one of the
things they did the NRA was formed to
prevent that from happening the NRA is a
tiny sliver of America's population but
what it represents is how the public
feels the majority of the public we have
120 million voting age Americans who do
not violate the law who legally owned
about 300 million firearms that is a
massive amount of tradition and loyalty
and respect for what the founding father
said was given to us by God the right to
be armed to defend ourselves America is
unique in the world in that it has such
a strong affinity for being armed and I
do not believe there is a political
movement in sight
you name the NRA three times including
twice in the sentence to this question I
haven't talked about the NRA at all
they're just a representative they're
not a driving for
much more money is spent by unions by
Planned Parenthood by all sorts of
left-wing organizations than is spent by
the NRA on politics their annual
spending is only a couple of million a
year there are groups in this country
that spend a hundred times that much but
everyone talks about the NRA s unfair
influence on politics I think you need
to just drop them from the discussion
and talk about it from the point of view
of the people the people's right to keep
and bear arms shall not be infringed
because God gave man the right to be
free and to be free is to be able to
defend yourself the unarmed man the
disarmed man is the slave to the armed
man and that is why we are so suspicious
of government trying to disarm us
because it seems like a tyranny is
coming we leave it talk show host a
Perkins many thanks thinking
