well welcome to Sophie and comme Sophie
she ever not say the US military is
relying more and more on drone warfare
but could this modern weapon be doing
more harm than good
Brandon Ryan - forward drone operator in
the US military's with me today to share
his experience modern warfare can be
fought in mountain passes or down narrow
urban streets but aircraft firing
missiles over Afghanistan can now be
guided remotely from a base in Nevada in
a dark room lit by computer screens nor
by a pilot navigating the skies what
plays on the mind of a drone operator
before he hits the button is it easier
to fight an enemy thousands of miles
away instead of face to face and should
those who engage in war be distanced
from its dangers and consequences
Brandon Bryant who served in the US Air
Force as a drone operator welcome to our
show it's really great to have you with
us Brandon hi hi thank you for having me
bring it up Obama and Trump have
embraced drone warfare with strikes in
Somalia and Yemen tripling in number
during Trump's first year in office but
the situation in this country's
Afghanistan a prime example never seems
to improve can drones really change the
course of a campaign no drones
definitely cannot change the course of
anything especially if they're being
misused as a tool and that's simply all
that they are and if we take away our
ability to interact as human beings with
one another we're never going to solve
this crisis now during your time in the
US Air Force drones were tested as a new
form of warfare
now even Islamic state have been using
them in Iraq in Syria to devastating
effect the drones have the potential be
as commonplace as warplanes and
helicopters and will everyone embrace
them at some point as as this technology
gets easier to manufacture you're gonna
see a lot more people utilizing it you
can go to Best Buy in
America and buy a quadcopter drone for
less than a thousand dollars and you can
watch youtube videos of people putting
stuff on these drones to make them even
deadlier so you know it really just
takes a more moral and righteous and
virtuous person to utilize this
technology technology properly but
obviously what we've been seeing is that
none of these people who are using these
things in warfare understand what
virtues or morals actually are are we
gonna have like a drone on drone combat
from now on is this how war is gonna
look like in the future
well if you look at what's happening
with Japan and China they're already
utilizing this technology to fight over
resources in the ocean so it's not
unheard of that we are gonna have
cowards fighting and cowards behind
computer screens now the biggest plus
for using drones is that it saves
American lives
nobody's put in the firing line so how
can the technology be bad I mean your
side suffers no losses that's actually
the thing about warfare that people need
to understand is that there is a price
to pay when going to war and if we take
the human component out of it then
there's no actual price and then we just
continue to pep to the cycle it's an
endless endless cycle and there needs to
be men and women who train with honor
and integrity who are willing to go on
to the battlefield and interact with
humans because that's actually how
battles are prevented usually we had
people posturing one another back in
World War two people didn't fire to kill
one another only 20% people did today in
today's conflict we have a 95 percent
fire and kill rate and we wonder why we
have people with psychological and
mental problems that are coming back
from home or from war to home and
killing themselves so this is just gonna
make it even worse now you have
described the use of drones as a
cowardly action I get the view distant
warfare arrest is honorable you can
hardly do
gripe homemade IEDs suicide attacks or
children being recruited to carry them
out honorable right
would you back drones knowing your enemy
would resort to anything to inflict
damage or kill your soldiers just
because our enemy does something
dishonorable doesn't mean that we need
to continue being dishonorable ourselves
this is actually why codes of conduct
and codes of Honor were required for
warriors back in ancient days it wasn't
so our enemies could know what exactly
what we were doing but so that we had a
structure and boundaries and what we
were going to do his wars aren't fought
against one another
they're fought for the people and if you
can set an example for the people as
being the better and nobler and more
honorable person people are going to
side with you and then the enemy will
lose their power and that's really what
it comes down to you take away their
ability to recruit give the people who
are suffering under these conflicts the
ability to recover to feel safe that's
the idea to win this war not creating
better weapons to kill one another yeah
but the point is there always being wars
and there will be Wars and there's
nothing we can do about it really
so is winning the war less important
than that is a that is a poor poor
excuse that is a poor poor poor excuse
look at our look at the leadership that
we have today Trump is a idiot and every
single person of his administration
idiots and all they ever do is just sit
there and posture and saying that we
need to go to war and we need to go to
war Obama did the same thing we need
people who are actual decent human being
saying enough is enough we have the
ability to stop this we are conscious
living human beings we're not animals we
need to stop acting like animals and
actually be human with one another I
salute you on that statement and I wish
you ran for president one day
I want to go back to how you become a
drone operator I'm just interested in a
whole process what's the process for
becoming one what kind of people does
this role attract or our soldiers just
they're being transferred well when I
was in the service I was just
transferred because of my aptitude
scores nowadays they're well let's just
take a look at the people that I I
worked with many of them were the lowest
common denominator when the US military
needed people to fill these positions
they just asked a bunch of different
careers to send us people and so the
other careers sent us the creme de lune
mediocrity if you will though the worst
of the worst people who were rejected
from other career fields because they
couldn't function in leadership
positions pilots were moved into drones
because they were medically unfit to fly
their aircraft they either couldn't fail
or they couldn't be aircraft commanders
or squadron leaders so they were shoved
into the program there were very few
people that actually volunteered to be
in this program that were of any actual
worth as human beings so this type of
society I guess within the military
culture is sick and degraded and you
know they're they're actually looked
down upon by aircraft people who
actually fly aircraft because we're
flying remotely they get aware flight
suits it's a mess the whole thing's a
mess what is it training people in there
to fill positions because they don't
need qualified College it's like three
months just to kale or are they supposed
to be able to tell one to pull the
trigger and one to stay still
oh okay so we're told we're told that
you know we get the time to look at our
target to make the discernment of
whether we get to kill them or not but
the reality is is that if you refuse to
pull the trigger they're just gonna take
someone out of the seat and put someone
in the seat that's going to pull it for
them anyway and how the training works
is you flying over the Nevada desert and
we're looking at rocks and then they're
saying hey we're gonna pretend this rock
over here is an enemy of shine your
laser at this enemy ok 3 2 1 rifle 16
seconds time flight all right missile
splashes
enemies killed you just won the war on
here let's pack up and go home it's just
a bunch of imagination that doesn't
actually accomplish anything other than
to teach people basic toddler skills of
hand-eye coordination now I've read that
the operator schedules are pretty tough
and that most of time you just spent
hours looking at nothing now was the
messed up sleep cycles and boredom how
sharp are the operators when the time
actually comes to make a crucial
decision well this is kind of where the
people that I used to work with are
pissed off at me because I exposed the
mental difficulties that we were having
you know we flew in my squadron eleven
and a half hour days because we couldn't
fly longer than the required crew rest
according to Air Force regulations and
in a sense many of us broke crew rest
because we had to do office work or even
some of us couldn't sleep I was one of
those people that couldn't sleep so I
really stopped sleeping I did this thing
called the easy man sleep schedule where
you sleep every 20 minutes for for every
four hours for 20 minutes and really
screwed me up physically I was tired all
the time I was exhausted
we had people drinking and we had this
one guy who got into a car accident and
rolled his vehicle after drinking and he
used the excuse that he was just tired
from work and he got away with it it's
just a mess like like people in this
world are incredibly messed up and they
refuse to look at themselves and the
problems that are going on with them and
addressing them and then there is of
course two million dollar question and
wean you have first-hand experience of
directing war hats to the desired
objectives ten of these are drone
strikes really that precise and surgical
well if you're looking at accuracy of
where the missile can hit and yes if
you're looking at the intelligence
behind it and how they discern what
information that we're given and what
targets are correct and no in fact this
is what we call secret compartmentalized
information the three-letter agencies
that are working as the customer behind
the scenes don't really give the people
that work that swing the metaphorical
sword the information all the
information
so they tell us where to swing the sword
but when things go wrong and the wrong
people are killed we're the ones that
get blamed because they had all the
Intel it's it's just a big blame game
grinder where does a drone operators
until come from who is giving you the
instruction as how can soldiers even be
sure the information is on point I mean
does everybody ever question it No well
people don't question it because it
that's why it's compartmentalized
there's all sorts of different pieces of
the puzzle and none of the pieces are
actually talking to one another except
for what's required knowledge is the
modern currency and so like dragons they
hoard this currency and only divvy it
out whatever they think is necessary for
them to complete their mission and get
more of that currency it's it's like
it's a weird kind of cycle and it
doesn't really get anywhere especially
with agencies who have this rivalry with
one another and they argue back and
forth over who's the better person or
who's the better agency or who's cooler
and instead of actually getting the
mission done and accomplishing it and
and finding an end game for the whole
thing we're going to take a short break
right now and we'll be back with Brandon
Bryant former drone operator in the US
Air Force talking about they have a toll
of drone warfare stay tuned
the unit states is not only another
partner they cannot be partner they are
not a broker they have taken the seeds
of Netanyahu they are dictating the
solution they throwing this region
towards lawlessness extremists in this
region have been strengthened and and
provided ammunition by these American
Israel decisions and actions more than
any time before
moderates in the Arab world people like
me have been destroyed but with such
action such fascism such a per side
being exercised by Israel and Israel
getting away with it I think this is
opening the gate of hell in this region
in 2014 a bloody revolution here to
craft the demonstrations went from being
relatively peaceful political protests
to be increasingly violent revolution is
always spontaneous or is it
technological Tory prime Annihilus
thought period free meaning a nibble is
Iranian splendor on the former ukrainian
president recalls the events of 2014 and
those who took part we've invested over
5 billion dollars to assist Ukraine in
these and other goals that will ensure a
secure and prosperous and democratic
Ukraine
we're back was Brandon Bryant former
drone operator with the US Air Force
talking about the implications of drone
warfare now Brenner
if you receive Intel documenting
terrorists but you look at the screen
and things they aren't terrorists is
most K in most cases what there's
actually be down to faulty intelligence
or do you think drone operators are
being deliberately misled that's kind of
another part of the compartmentalized
thing like they only give us the
information that we need in order to
give them the best picture possible and
to swing the sword again the
metaphorical sword so we while we can
look at a person and they'll say follow
this person or strike this person we
don't get any more detail than that
really we can but the details don't
matter and we're not really sure the
sources or anything though we are being
told that sources come from two places
either signals intelligent imagery
intelligence or human intelligence we
are not the ones that interact with that
information how are this extrajudicial
killings justified legally is it okay to
kill someone on suspicion just because
you're at war and can the war on terror
be used in an instant or redefine your
enemy to keep in those legal parameters
this is this is where we get into the
grounds of legality versus morality you
know the Nazis everything that they did
was legal to them slavery in the United
States everything was legal the genocide
of Native Americans in my country was
legal right so we're we have to come to
the point is like where is the moral
boundary that we want to draw the line
at and that's something that shouldn't
be left to the law the law is just a
framework for us to play in not a black
and white yes or no and every case is
different I don't think that we should
utilize any sort of technology or
glorified any technology that is used
lies to kill another human being we
still need to see the
these people as humans not as demons
because there's a reason why these
people are angry and they're hateful
it's not because of anything other than
we've created this monster ourselves and
we've become the monster that they hate
now in case of civilian deaths as a
result of drone strikes who is held
responsible the drone operator the
commander who gives the order or the
intelligence guys really no one in
inside holds each other accountable if
someone screws up and they just get a
slap on the wrist and everything's okay
and that's why you would see in the past
when a wrong strike happened someone
like Obama or Brennan would blame the
operators themselves for things that are
gone wrong rather than the intelligence
that was given because the CIA and all
these other agencies that are out there
they they don't want to take
responsibility they just want to point
fingers at other people and place the
blame on others because they're perfect
they don't make mistakes
it's the operators that make mistakes
and that's actually one of the reasons I
started speaking out was because the
operators were just soldiers and while
just following orders is not a good
excuse to do it we're not the ones that
have ultimate responsibility in this
though we do have responsibility in what
we do
do you feel more responsible and more
traumatized over your experience than
say soldiers who serve in their
artillery and why is that I mean they
launch missiles into war zones they have
feelings what's so different about being
a drone operator well here's where you
get into close combat scenarios versus
distant killing and if we really want to
take a look at it
violence and sex affect the same part of
the human brain in the exact same way
and hand-to-hand combat is as intimate
as you could possibly get with someone
but as you increase the distance from
long range
assault rifles or small arms fire and
you get into artillery you cease
actually seeing a human target and you
see actual like target locations or
target buildings and you forget about
the human being that's a part of it
and if we look at something like World
War 2 in the bombing of Dresden a lot of
those guys they just pushed bombs out of
their aircraft and we're just hitting
targets but when they saw the
devastation that they caused and the
human beings that suffered many of them
were institutionalized and and the
instances of PTSD amongst those people
were severe and where it comes from a
difference between an artillery operator
and a drone operator you know we see our
victims in fact when we fire a missile
the missile sonic booms about 1.2
seconds after it comes off the rail and
as the kinetic energy is lost through
the missile the sonic boom hits the
target first so we actually see the
reaction of the target before missile
strikes and I think that does something
to a human being and I'm speaking from
experience and reflection rather than
any sort of higher intelligence so you
know you can draw your own conclusions
in this but really what it comes down to
is seeing how people react in a very
human way knowing that they're about to
die and then killing them from with the
finger of God from half a world away is
it's a really disturbing feeling and I
would say that you know trauma is
different across the board where
soldiers on the ground they experience
trauma like an earthquake or a volcano
erupting while we experience trauma as a
form of erosion of ourself in a very
definitive sense and even though it's a
it might be a slower process it is very
effective in in degrading who we feel
like we should be no you have said that
you were on Islamic States hit list as
well as the hit list of a right-wing
group in the United States what makes a
drone operator a target for extremes at
home and abroad see like this is the
strange thing is like I was told that I
was on the ISIS hit list by the FBI and
off Air Force Office of Special
Investigations and I'm not sure how true
that is because I hope that people who
see what I'm doing I'm trying to bridge
build a bridge between us so that we can
come to
an endgame solution and stop killing one
another and this comes from a guy who
did it who has liked who has made very
Grievous mistakes and I think that the
people back home who hate me you know
they don't want to see anything other
than the fear that they're being told so
they're just a bunch of idiots who want
to be idiots and even though I'm the guy
with the experience and I'm the guy that
has done the reflection and I've done
the work in order to get this
information out there they still think
that I'm a traitor well I can also say
that the left called me a monster so I'm
not getting any praise from any group
anywhere except for the people who are
actually you know doing the reflection
and the jobs and trying to come up with
a solution for this issue and I think
that people who just want to be violent
they're just gonna want to be violent
and they're just stupid you know any
idiot can kill another idiot it takes a
better person to stop hurting another
person because that's where love and
kindness come in that's where all these
things are supposed to be utilizes that
you give love to someone when they're
unlovable you're a kind to someone when
they're not kind to you it's easy to be
kind and loving to someone who's kind
and loving to you but it's really takes
something special and a lot of effort to
give that to people that are not you
don't think are worthy of it now the
Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar tsarnaev
as well as Faisal Shahzad who attempted
a car bombing in Times Square back in
2010 justify their criminal actions with
civilian casualties from American drone
strikes in the Middle East do you feel
that this drone war has produced more
terrorists and it has killed actually of
course it's produced more terrorists
than it has killed like what how how are
like okay a lot of these cultures over
there they're warrior cultures they face
their opponents on the battlefield I I
grew up as a wrestler like and I know
that in Iran at least you know wrestling
is the sacred sport it's fact it's the
world's oldest sport so there is a sense
of honour and accomplishment with being
able to face your opponent on the
battlefield and even if you're beaten
there is still a sense of honour but
when we're utilizing a technic
ecology that no one can fight back
they're gonna have to try to find a way
to punish us punish us in the sense that
that they feel is necessary even though
they're wrong
I don't agree with anything that they're
doing and it and and but they're
responding in a way that they don't feel
like they can respond and that's the
cycle of violence violence only begets
violence you know right now a drone is
guided by operators and you were one of
them obviously but could the technology
be fully automated I mean do you believe
there will be robots that can kill
humans of course when I was in Geneva
actually I was the only American that
showed up to this conference of where
they're determining the laws that
they're going to create for autonomous
warfare and one of the guys that was a
proponent of autonomous warfare says
that you know robots can kill people
better than people can because there's
no emotion and I'm really thinking as
someone who's done it do we really want
thoughtless unemotional things that are
able to just end a human beings life
indiscriminately and that's a question
that is for the people and that is
something that we need to be considered
because no matter what technology that
we use against someone else that
technology can always be reversed and
used against us and that is the balance
of things that's the cycle now I
understand that you were not against
drones as a tool but you say that their
use should be transparent how can this
be possible when you're at war and I
mean keeping information classified may
mean thousands of lives saved that's a
that's see that's one of the things that
people are confused about where we have
this possibility of things but the
reality of the situation is that lives
are being ended when someone comes to me
and be like well think about all the
American lives that you've saved well
that's that's that's an invisible number
that's imaginary you know if we if
people want concrete actual fact I can
tell you I have killed 13 people with
missile strikes and there are 1626
unnamed enemies that were killed in all
the mission
that I completed and I know that I know
that for a fact and I know each of these
persons was a human being they had a
family they had friends they had lives
and we ended them the possibilities are
endless
when you come to the reality of things
and I'm not going to rely on a
possibility when the actual evident and
truth of these technologies being abused
is sitting right in front of our goddamn
faces Oh Brandon thanks for this amazing
interview truly amazing interview I wish
you all the best with all your future
endeavors
when we're talking to Brenda Bryant who
used to fly drones for the US Air Force
discussing the rise and use of drones by
the US military and the dangerous
implications of long distance warfare
that's it for this edition of Sophie and
Co I'll see you next time
