well Deena's certainly a person I would
consider and she is under consideration
we have actually many names and you know
Nicki has been great Nicki's going to be
working along with us and helping us
with the choice plus he's going to help
us with 2020 and Nick he's a great
friend of mine we've become real friends
over the last bird attempt she's done a
fantastic job and so she'll be involved
and Deena certainly and there are other
I've heard a lot of then I've heard
Ivanka I've heard how good would Ivanka
be the people that know there's nothing
to do with nepotism but I want to tell
you the people that know know that
Ivanka would be dynamiting but you know
I'd then be accused of nepotism if you
can believe it right I think your mom
would be incredible that doesn't mean I
do know it I figure because you'd be
accused of nepotism even though I'm not
sure there's anybody more confident in
the world but that's okay but but we are
looking at numerous people
you
