amid the rift with the Yiyi washington's
new top diplomat is promising a more
direct approach to foreign policy during
a closed meeting with staff the
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
reportedly talked about bringing Swagger
back to the State Department in our case
it's America's essential rightness and
it is aggressiveness born of the
righteous knowledge that our cause is
just special and built upon America's
core principles I don't think it's
that's unique to mr. Pompeo I think you
have an attitude throughout the
political class here in Washington
that's almost like like a recrudescence
of the view of the Soviet Union we are
the vanguard of all progress of humanity
peace progress and socialism are our
keys peace progress and human rights and
that we are right and everybody else
takes their cue from us I think that
kind of arrogance unfortunately is
pretty standard this goes beyond in my
opinion just simple patriotism love of
country and even a sense that our values
are something that are dear to us this
seems to set up a kind of a Mount
Olympus attitude that we sit up on high
and judge everybody else and
unfortunately this has been all too
familiar not certainly just under this
administration but I would say at least
says 1991 when the Cold War ended
through the Bill Clinton George Bush and
Barack Obama administrations
