beautiful ever-changing place
I mean Crimea and we've been selecting
most interesting captivating places
recently we went to church we traveled
to further on with a new land bridge we
went to our tech with children camp
we've been here out in wonderful hotel
called Maria weather held a number of
birthings in Sebastopol in other places
we participated in many media forums in
Simferopol
ana-lucia this time it's all different
and you know I'm from my school time I
dreamt of coming here to this place
because many famous poets worked here I
read about the biographies of many ports
but many poems themselves and I've been
dreaming about coming here in it then I
had the opportunity to come here and I
seize that opportunity foreign minister
lavrov together with his counterpart I
had of the four Ministry of Endora
presented in the mansion of the Foreign
Ministry of Russia a new book we've
announced before it's called Endora and
the poet it is dedicated not only to the
works but to the biography of a very
famous poet maximilian vulajin he was
one let's say first people who
discovered in the beginning of the 20th
century the wonderful place Endora it is
in two languages Russian and Catalan
after two ministers presented this book
we today right here in cocked a bell and
I can say that for maximally
vulajin this very plays table meant
a lot and as well as to all other ports
of the silver age most of them been here
they visited this place after the
briefing we will present this book to
the museum live it there to be put on
display I'd like to thank Dimitri
Quezada learned about our desire our
dream to come to comfortable and I said
that you could use we could use his
house as a platform for our today's
briefing so here we are with that
wonderful scenery with see right behind
me mr. Keith said ah thank you so much
for this opportunity to be here so we in
Crimea right and as tradition goes I
would like to talk about the regional
and international ties Crimea has we
note with great satisfaction the growing
demand for forming an unbiased opinion
Crimea more and more businesses and
political figures come here or simply
discuss with Crimea possible projects
this tendency has been testified for by
the number growing number of
international delegations in 2017 over
100 allegations came to crimey and
expect this year figure will be even
more spectacular one more real evidence
to the fact that the cooperation is on
the rise the fact that a number of
high-profile international events have
been organized here in Crimea your
journalist you know about this more than
I do so as an example of what we do in
terms of the ties with the rest of
Europe from Asia there was the fourth
Yahoo at a National Economic Forum and
it has become a key platform for
discussing cooperation between Crimea
and other regions of the world and
promoting Crimea's investment
capabilities on October 25 27 there will
be a representative conference
Crimea in the modern international
context we see a huge potential to be
tapped into when it comes to ties
between Crimea and Mary non-governmental
organizations
for instance Crimea been visited by NGOs
from Norway Germany and the United
States we could look they our own eyes
how the things stand in Crimea as well
as I should note that a number of MPs
visited Crimea and peace from regional
local entities other countries of Europe
and Asia we've been telling many times
about this wonderful opportunity to
visit Crimea open for everyone that was
done at level of experts ambassadors
diplomats we invite diplomats from other
countries national officials to come to
crimea and see for themselves all the
positive trends and well remaining
problems so that they wouldn't be basing
their viewpoints on some unfounded
baseless information injected in the
informational space we're ready to have
a robust dialogue with institutions and
organizations are ready to past these
talks in Crimea in Russia in full
compliance with all the procedures
applicable to those who'd like to visit
our country now we go to our traditional
sections first I'd like to talk about
the shadow of our foreign minister he is
expected to participate in the world I
Club meeting it will take place in Sochi
it will be participating in the 15th
annual Verdi Club meeting throughout the
years this well died Club has become one
of the most respected platforms for
business and expert this guy
since it contributes to the civil
development foreign policies in other
areas it is being attended and has
always been attempted almost by the
president of Russian Federation and by a
number of foreign experts and got
several levels during the discussions
foreign minister as is tradition is
going to share his opinion he is views
on international phase and will answer
the many questions it usually receives
now we start being international agenda
there are two main problems problem
I was the situation with Marie Bou Tina
we are keeping our hands on the pulse
she was arrested in yes and it
completely trumped up charges on the
fourth of October our diplomats again
visited her in jail
that's a boost literacy encore and they
do their best to make you look like
she's a spy the visits of our consul
officials tea
that mr. Shadley sheriff resume
operation they say something usual like
if you have any complaints go to court
but evently there is a huge abuse of
power she's in the u.s. jail she
committed no crime no charges real
charges and she's a political prisoner
nothing more than that we urged the US
government to stop this outrageous
mistreatment of a Russian national she
should be released from prison and all
charges should be lifted this Friday
this is a second problem which I
consider to be very acute one this
Friday will be silly
seeing the why wasn't 15th anniversary
mr. Winsky been imprisoned he was just
doing his walk is a head of
international mass no news agency branch
office I talked to many of his friends
he really loved Ukraine the people he
lived there and he never thought himself
to be something differently people of
Ukraine I think he truly sincerely
believed that there is a future for
Ukraine and you know how Ukraine treated
him he was a victim unprecedented
repressions from mass media in Ukraine
and that campaign is only on the rise
channels are being closed journalists
being killed injured foreign mass media
representatives have been deported
people lives has been broken under the
pretext of fighting informational
aggression as they say we know how these
things and from history this regime
follows the mistakes of the previous
by these politicians we demand that a is
released
UNESCO I'll see the UN they put us
Without Borders the Committee on the
protection of journalists shown on this
Union of Ukraine the EU structures
education structures and Western
capitals and our colleagues will urge
all of you help Carol Wyszynski condemn
these actions of the Ukrainian regime
help him to be released from prison
silence in this case because to be in an
accomplice in creating a totalitarian
informational space in the heart of
Europe in Ukraine we proceed to other
topics got in Syria situation is still
rather challenging is Syria we see that
the memorandum was civilization session
in the in lip discretion zone is
undergoing I would like to remind you
that - a sign on the 17th of September
by that were put in and type worship
aired one according to his document as
of today the Demilitarized Zone should
have been liberated from all tanks
multiple rocket launches as well as
they're all artillery and all motors
have been withdrawn from this region by
the 15th October all radical terrorist
group should be leaving the area it was
commented upon by mr. Lavrov and the
transcript is available on our website
they armed opposition groups have
already voiced their support towards
social arrangements as of today over
1,000 militants have been have left the
region with over 100 pieces of hardware
on the 9th of October it Turkish me
reported that all heavy weaponry have
been withdrawn from the area we are very
fond this information now radicals from
Herod da hua Chaun or Sheridan nusra
still continued to do their best to
torpedo the memorandum
they shell the western districts of
Aleppo we see more violations in the
northern part of a hammer and Latakia
the same time in the ellipse tone
different radical groups continue to
fight for dominance this month over 12
warlords field commanders of al-nusra
diet as well as eight leaders of obably
illegal military groups died there I
said this already ok so I will just
continue almost or just to be over 20
field commanders died and there are more
and more concerns regarding the east
side of the afraid us River this area
the u.s. is at the helm they support the
allies from among the Kurds their
efforts to create a special
administration which has nothing to do
with the current constitution of Syria
gives reason to have no hope about any
positive progress this quasi State
Building is met with resentment from
Arabs Syrians to recommence the locals
are integrated to see that there is an
outrageous abuse perpetrated by the SI
security service supported by the US the
mass media reporting increasingly on the
assaults arm the souls of terrorist acts
on these territories including the
region not liberated from Isis fighters
I mean Iraq according to mass media the
guerrilla fighters are not only those
who from formed part the still remaining
terrorists or those serious on groups
which are rearing its ugly head but also
they are now the more ugly things the
region if we take the the case of the
third of October t civilians were
wounded and three Kurdish freedom
fighters were killed as a result of an
assault on a checkpoint of a sage every
time I cry every time I go to cry me I
see a lot of insects buzzing around the
same day if we take Raqqa and this
region Syrian erratic forces were
attacked by cherries for Kurdish
fighters died and the same time we see
that more forces more troops Kurdish
troops were sent to this region but they
region to the south of the freighters
such settlements as Hajin in Susa for
one month there's been a very hard war
between the Kurdish forces and the Isis
troops and the Kurds are supported by
the United States mass media public on a
daily basis reports on this epic fight
if I can call it that way but you see
there is no end to this fighting the aim
of this propaganda campaign no it's just
some jiggery-pokery it's clear why they
are doing this they are doing their best
to reinforce the concept that Isis is
still on the Syrian soil and that leads
to the conclusion that the United States
troops should remain in Syria and I
should say that they have no right to be
in Syria though they claim that their
aim is to fight terrorism Russian
assessment of the foreign military
presence just as the world if we call
about the legitimacy of the presence on
the various legitimately present on the
soil of Syria who were requested to come
by the Syrian government that they will
come there as per the arrangements
within the Asuna four month and of
course there is the peacekeeping forces
the United Nations on the Golan Heights
all other forces violate the sovereignty
of Syria the situation in the region of
your freitas has nothing to do with any
lasting peace or normalization these
actions by these actors put more
obstacles on the way to normalize the
situation I'd like to note that on the
9th of October the Sun a news agency
published a report saying that President
of Syria has signed a decree number 18
again - for in order to amnesty for the
factors and draft dodgers and according
to this decree there were legal remedies
and relief from criminal liability
towards the defectors and draft dodgers
and these decree acts for both Syrians
inside the country and outside the
country and the people who are accepted
exempted from this document are the
people who flee from justice or are on
the wanted list the the people who want
to be amnestied need to turn themselves
in within four months after the decree
is signed and as for those who have far
outside the country they have a time
span of six months Moscow welcomes the
decree and ceases as sees it as an
important step of the Syrian government
towards overcoming the ramifications of
the armed conflict in the country and
the long term stabilization of the of
the situation
we will continue to coordinated
cooperate with the Syrian authorities
and all other interested parties in
order to help refugees and internally
displaced persons to go back to their
homes as soon as possible
last week a number of Western media
reported that in the area's not
controlled by the Syrian government in
the north in the northern part of the
country including the Bab al-hawa border
crossing which is controlled by the
terrorists of the hey attack a Russian
the former jacket honors from all the
people bringing cargo from outside the
country are extorted a tribute by the
terrorists according to the London
Telegraph newspaper this at this
checkpoint alone this extortion affects
five to seven thousand trucks each month
according to the report of the newspaper
this kind of extortion brings 2.8
million pounds monthly to the terrorists
and the UK Department for International
Development and the US Agency for
International Development according to
reports have stopped providing
humanitarian aid through the
aforementioned border crossing and I'd
like to remind you that providing
humanitarian aid to these terrorists is
in violation of the UN Security Council
resolutions we believe that actions like
these will be looked what would be
looked on by the experts of the UN and
the UK and the u.s. who never miss an
opportunity to criticize us for
allegedly not conforming with the UN
Security Council
sanctions regimes took their time before
making the decision to stop the
humanitarian aids regime humanitarian
aid regime to the ed lib zone it is
regrettable that there is a number of
NGOs that continued to work along these
lines who bring their humanitarian aid
to the region not controlled by Syrian
government in the northern parts of
Syria thus helping sustain the
terrorists the situation is clear it's
clear who and who is bringing this aid
through the border crossing and how and
what but there are still some details to
be uncovered the international community
does not have all the details but the
general picture is clear but to make
specific statements we need to see the
full picture the full details we have we
have called upon and numerously
in the past and continue to call upon
the the UN Secretariat the member of the
Security Council to cancel the the
mandate imposed in 2014 on cross-border
humanitarian aid delivery through a
number of checkpoints because this
regime proposes informing the Syrian
government but it doesn't require its
consent which goes against the UN
principles of providing humanitarian aid
this measure was imposed during the
acute phase of the Syrian crisis when
there was no other way to deliver
humanitarian aid now that the situation
has mostly normalized in the majority of
the territory of the country there is no
need for such trans-border humanitarian
aid deliveries we believe it is
important to
learn some lessons from these facts from
the fact that terrorists are being
provided this Unitarian financial aid
now go back let's go back to Ukraine on
the fourth of October the Ukrainian
berkov Narada has supported his past in
the first reading the bill on measures
to facilitate the use of Ukrainian as
the official state language they
actually passed the most radical out of
four bills after the four bills
presented this so-called legal
initiative is continuous gives policy to
completely Ukrainian eyes the society
and will affect Education Culture
healthcare the legal system the media
and even everything consumer services it
is the the law will be imposed by the
special state language standard
Commission apart from that there will be
a new the Ukrainian they will also
create a new Ukrainian language
Protection Commissioner who will have
the rights and authority to request and
receive from state agencies and NGOs any
information and requests the law
enforcement agencies to apply any
measures of sanctions to the violate to
those who violate the law on one hand
they do everything to make it so that
well I wouldn't call even Russians the
Hungarians minorities there in Ukraine
they have always lived there and they
have always added to the culture and
that the history to the wealth in to all
kinds of wealth of this country so
they are violating into decreasing the
amount of Rights they have and at the
same time they are now giving the
special status to their official
language which was never really attacked
in any way this is completely absurd so
so this language Protection Commissioner
has also the right to impose sanctions
against the those who violate the law so
basically this person well maybe it's
not just a person but an entire
institution that will will continued
we'll track how the people use the
language and maybe even make reports in
order to impose sanctions on them
so they're not talking about national
minorities in Ukraine oh they're talking
about the Ukrainian language which is
basically a paradox the State Exam
testing for the Ukrainian language
proficiency will become mandatory for
all citizens who are who take part in
specific areas who have specific jobs
and according to the authors of the law
public disrespect towards the Ukrainian
language language will qualify as a
violation of the law punishable by a
substantial fine a six-month
incarceration or imprisonment term after
three years and all attempts to
introduce more official languages
according to the lawmakers will be
considered as attempts to divide the
nation aiming to overthrow
the power and jeopardize the
Constitution so you see how absurd all
of this is so these kind of kinds of
innovations go against the Ukrainian
Constitution which guarantees free
development use and protection of the
Russian language and the languages of
other minorities which is article ten of
the cranium Constitution the also the
new law goes against article 6 of the
law and Ukraine's minority nation which
guarantees freedom to all the minorities
to use their native language freely in
the cultural information education and
other areas of civic life and so now we
can see that it is a clear violation by
Kiev recommendations by international
bodies including the Venice Commission
of the Council of Europe which protects
human rights we see in this an attempt
by the Kiev authorities to play the
language card in order to preserve their
own power
it seems that growing tensions and
polarization in the society as as a
result of violations of the laws of the
millions of people are not of much
concern to the Ukrainian authorities
also I would like to comment on on the
restrictions now imposed by the
Ukrainian authorities towards Ukrainian
television channels and medium and this
is presented as a fight against
terrorism and propaganda so now they're
basically purging their own TV channels
and radio and if it is supported in
Ukraine it would mean that these
channels will cease their operation this
is basically a war inside their own
media space this is what they propose so
this
fight against dissenting thought this
attack against public thought they speak
about preserving freedom of expression
freedom of speech but they're actually
behaving like bandits and starting
criminal proceeding towards false based
on quote falsified evidence against
anyone who has a dissenting view and
also like to note that this is a
decision by the presidential coalition
and this goes against freedom of speech
and human rights and we call on all
International Human Rights bodies to
assess what's happening in Ukraine every
day we receive statements from Ukraine
with regard to mr. sentsov there are all
kinds of events organized I'd like to
make a call to the Ukrainian authorities
please have pity on this poor man
why are you basically attacking this
person why are you naming your own civil
society okay let's now turn to
Afghanistan on 7th of October this year
on the 7th of October this year marked
17 years since the launch of the US
military operation in Afghanistan over
this time they weren't able to defeat
terrorism extremism and drug trafficking
and other threats coming from the
territory of Afghanistan instead these
threats have have increased and became a
real pain in the neck for for the whole
world really and it is it can be
corroborated by the fact that just in
one day over 35 soldiers and
police officers and at least 19
civilians have died in one day and
earlier on the 4th of October this year
in the murder of district of the
Kandahar province in the southern part
of the country the US drone has there
has been a US drone strike which took
the life of took the lives of four
civilians three women and one child
eight more people were maimed and the
families of those killed in the attack
called on the Afghan authority of gana
standeth again authorities to start an
official investigation
we believe that 17 years is quite enough
to realize that solving the Afghan
problem through military means is
impossible and the only way to achieve a
chord in this country is through
politics and diplomatic means the
current Washington's position will only
multiply the enemies of the of the
powers in the in the country and will
fuel extremist sentiment we also
continue to watch the situation taking
place in Nicaragua and this country
which has seen a lot of turmoil now now
is another battleground another testing
ground for a color lip color revolution
and you don't have to be able to see the
future to know that that somehow those
who protest in the streets finally
developed new ideas and new new slogans
we you can see clearly that
that the whole process has been
internationalized brought outside
outside the borders in order to put
pressure on the government under under
rights protections pretext and of course
we we believe that those who who were
killed in the streets during the clashes
were civilians who were innocent and
when the lawful Nicaraguan government's
was was basically calm and restrained
and it took this blow and was able to
neutralize the radical extremists which
this was followed by the blatant
external pressure so there were no
longer calls towards dialogue there were
sanctions there is a policy of of trying
to somehow affect the domestic policy of
the country by order of the US head of
the Organization of American States Luis
Almagro has now come into into the
picture he has made his statements they
made some unscrupulous statements and he
was willing to serve no matter the cost
to the US we are convinced that the
controlled chaos policy is is malign in
its nature and this is a policy that is
used by the years in Latin America the
result of using this policies as history
shows leads to
a very dangerous leads to very dangerous
developments what Nicaragua needs is
calm and constructive dialogue based on
mutual respect within the framework of
the laws and the country's constitution
we were asked to comment on Bosnia and
Herzegovina elections we were happy that
the voting took place in a calm
environment we have a positive
assessment of the Central Electoral
Commission of the Bosnia and Herzegovina
so all the electoral procedures and
democratic standards were respected we
hope that the executive and
representative organs will soon be
created within the new convocation of
the state of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Republika Srpska
and it's Canton's we Russia is still
convinced that we need to follow the
1995 Dayton Agreement respects the
guarantees given to the two entities the
two constituent nations of Bosnia and
Herzegovina I would like to note that
the high level of the organization of
the elections clearly demonstrates the
need to recall the office of the High
Representative in Bosnia and Herzegovina
and we believe that continuous
development of the constructive dialogue
between Russia and Bosnia and
Herzegovina between Russia and its the
entities of Bosnia and Herzegovina will
help improve the wealth and cultural
wealth of our two countries and will
improve security in the region on the
whole I mean the ball
region now return to Russia and Romania
we are celebrating by agra tan 40th
anniversary of establishment vertical
relation between our countries the
diplomatic academy of the russian
foreign ministry is now implementing the
public diplomacy project in
international forum discord is hosting
in bucharest a jubilee van dedicated to
celebrate this anniversary with the help
of russian center for science and
culture and the russian embassy in
romania as well as with the help of the
russian foundation for peace the agenda
includes an international scientific
symposium which features most prominent
Russian and Romanian scientists and
researchers representing many European
and Russian institutions is going to be
held in cooperation with the University
of Craiova we expect the event to result
in signing an agreement on cooperation
between the Russian diplomatic academy
and the University of Craiova were named
to create a public diplomacy think tank
and cultural dialogue think tank as well
this way we create a platform for
dialogue between the research
communities of two countries which will
facilitate the discussions of many
difficult dates and events in the
history in our countries as well as many
other topical issues which have to do
with our relations this is a testament
to the fact that we two countries strive
to have a frank dialogue without any
bias without any political touch to it
despite the anti Russian propaganda in a
number of EU countries the scientific
community has its own viewpoint which is
which it is ready to defend now we turn
to cyberattacks it's it's a meme you
know it permeates the cyberspace lately
no one is surprised to hear about some
more cyber attacks though this is a
problem I should say why does it happen
it happens because there are more and
more allegations based on nothing
for the desire to promote propaganda
using some informational reasons they
rely on the youth they rely on the
anti-russian company promoting their
causes and here simultaneously in one
day number of countries started to put
forward claims regarding some
cyberattack claims Australia the United
States the EU countries this is no
campaign this is a team they are a gang
of accusers in this time I'm not going
to spend too much time on this so you
can wonder how simultaneous they are in
doing this but you know it's all very
trumped-up very false there is a reason
for concern I should say I'll tell you
more about this foreign minister of
Russia has voiced the desire of Russia
and other countries like-minded
countries to put to the consideration of
the General Assembly intonations a
resolution in global rules the
responsible behavior of State
Information space as well as the
procedures to fight the use of
information communication technologies
for criminal purposes our country have
been fighting cyberspace crimes and ICT
related crimes for many years we have a
huge division of a foreign ministry
which works only to fight these threats
we take part in many international fora
and we elaborate our instruments to
fight these challenges and we do our
best to help the international community
come up with a joint set of rules to
fight in information of space challenges
information communication technologies
should be used in only on for peaceful
purposes there should be respect of
international sovereignty there should
be no you use a a force or threat of use
of force there should be no setups of
provocation so who needs rules when the
trend of today
of the West today is to discard all the
rules put them aside and only say that
they are unique what we have there is a
coalition of states I named them seems
to believe and I have the information to
support this claim to create cyber
weapons to threaten our federal
countries with cyber operations against
them that was voiced officially some
countries have said that they've been
threatened with such cyber operations
directly or indirectly and mass media
have reported on this chest as well
these countries say that Russia does
this but the same time Russia's position
has to do with creating a joint front to
fight the use of informational space as
a battlefield
and this is a problem we really need to
solve this problem it's topical for many
countries for many regions of the world
so they see that Russia initiatives are
being supported by an increasing number
of states they discredit our country
they do it by mounting and founded
allegations accusing us we expect the
international community be guided by the
common stance and facts they should not
fool themselves and let anyone fool
themselves because some countries are
trying to wrestle out all the
instruments of international space use
in order to dictate their will on the
position of force we reported on this
quite a while ago we have the reason to
believe that there is some malignant
malicious activities conducted by the so
called lugar laboratory in Georgia our
data have been confirmed by stay
representative I mean the those who come
from this state we lived in Georgia then
Russian experts presented their
assessment of the events with every
argument to support their claims after
that we've heard a number of accusations
the statements from Washington they say
this is a lie
slender deformation Russia again is
doing some propaganda activities but no
we would like to talk about this in
detail they use this Research Center for
public health research in Georgia for
some certain purposes I really envy you
you are Fay singly see and I would like
to do it too the air is so amazing here
it's so clear so that was the topic of
the briefing of the Minister of Defense
of Russia
major-general you cook Europe they had a
Russian military radiation chemical and
biological Russian troops was conducting
a briefing on this and he talks at
length about the use of mosquitoes I
hope these mosquitoes are not those I'm
talking about so he talks about the use
of mosquitoes by the center as a means
of transferring the diseases and
spreading disease I thought it's
impossible but it seems that this is
reality today this is dangerous
recently we learn more details about
this interest coming from the US
military towards the use of insects to
in fact agricultural products crops and
this is what we eat a respected
peer-reviewed remain journal called
science informs about the US Defense
Advanced Research Project agency
researchers the project is named insect
allies it's available online you can
familiarize yourself with this
publication so the
forty-five million dollars were
allocated for this project the goal they
have is to use gene engineering and gene
therapy means to enhance the resistance
of crops to unfavorable factors of
environment such as climate change and
other things well this may suffice for
an ordinary person but the authors of
these articles and science have a very
good question how on earth is span tag
on the band again related to this to
agriculture in the United States there
are many official structures which deal
with the agricultural sector why the
Pentagon experts say I mean experts
behind this publication they say that
the virus DNA it's being transmitted via
a method which is way less effective and
efficient than the current ones meant
for using pesticides we take insect
carries awhile infections this method
clearly has some offensive capabilities
that can be used to destroy all crops of
potential enemy it will be impossible
next to impossible to confirm the
malicious intent because you can always
say that this was some natural disaster
some natural course it's no coincidence
that the authors of this article in the
science journal have a question
regarding the DARPA s-- involvement and
the actions of the u.s. how they
correspond to the biological toxin
Weapons Convention these cases are no
isolated these are not some you know
movie some theories these are all links
of one chain this chain is real these
things are real unfortunately I'd like
to remind you the back in 1997
kiba officially blame the United States
for using trips pal me being spread over
the crops using a crop duster when aim
to destroy the agricultural sector of
Cuba fortunately this sophistication
came to naught and the biological toxin
Weapons Convention does not stipulate
any reification mechanisms that was the
reason for the failure of that
investigation and the reason behind with
the lack of such a mechanism is that the
US had been blocking all the attempts to
create a mechanism that kind this
laboratory in Georgia it certainly does
thinks and we have evidence to support
that these things are not legal we will
be demanding Washington to answer these
questions regarding the their
obligations under the biological toxin
Weapons Convention mr. Stoltenberg
you know secretary of native made a
number of statements regarding our
country got in the history of relation
to the USSR our ladyship and Russia with
NATO
North Atlantic Treaty Organization for
instance he said that mr. Gorbachev
Mikhail Gorbachev wasn't given any
assurances that NATO would not been
expanding towards the East that says
Elijah should say yes these guarantees
were not on paper they were not signed
by anyone but indeed and this is a fact
a verified one there was a gentlemen's
agreement later on they decided to
forget about this they don't want to
remember this
there are archived documents they've
been Declassified just recently they
were published United States which have
to do with the transcript of a meeting
mr. full relations mr. Lavrov gave those
documents to you on Stoltenberg starting
from February this year I think he had
enough time to read through those
documents some Western countries today
find it very useful to say there were no
guarantees given to the USSR but still
this position only decreases level of
trust and shows the real value of all
other their promises as for Russia's
membership in NATO
mr. Stauffenberg talked about this today
it has not been on the table we don't
discuss it as something theoretical
something practical back in 1954 right I
mean the USSR said it was ready to
probably become part of nated make
nature truly pan-european and I would
like to remind you in that context that
in response nature said that this is not
an option this wasn't an option and mr.
Stoltenberg certainly aware of that the
purpose of nature was well formulated
but if his first general secretary Lord
is Moe nature is meant to boost us
influenced soften up Germany's position
and neutralize any Russia's influence in
Europe these means it's like buzzing
around now but I will continue my
briefing so we see not too many things
changed we've put forward a number of
suggestions and proposals we can
cooperate on some tracks in some fields
let's take Afghanistan I talked about
this today let's take fighting terrorism
or fighting cybercrime many other fields
where we can really facilitate being
partners being separate entities NATO
and Russia we can cooperate with
regional states and regional
organizations to these differences
between us should not be an obstacle in
the weight of cooperation close
cooperation this is our position of
principle so we were ready to have a
genuine equivalent mutually respectful
dialogue coordinator we were ready to
work together to create a shared
space of security shared an individual
security about any dividing lines and
zones of influence were still open for
dialogue mr. Stoltenberg knows about
this certainly but Nader prefers a
different way of doing things they
prefer to contain Russia it undermines
trust it undermines our shared and
collective security on the 14th of
October we'll be celebrating the 75th
anniversary of the Sobibor Nazi camp
apprising it was headed by Soviet
military officer Alexander Petrovsky
it was a clear symbol of the fight
against the Nazi forces that uprising
contribute to the fight and I'm Crimea
so you're well aware of those things
well not only paying tribute to millions
of those who perished we also do this in
memory of those who live today and
remember that the ideology of hatred
neo-nazi relapses torchlight processions
or Nazi collaborators
do nothing but return us to those times
we remember what happened 75 years ago
it is difficult to believe that today
there is a place for such neo-nazi
processions you can't believe this
history but it is ostensibly civilized
countries of Europe and the u.s. they
refuse to acknowledge the presence of
neo Nazism Ukraine in the Baltic States
they were selfish enough once to have
the Munich Agreement the Munich betrayal
they learned nothing from those mistakes
in order to preserve the memory about
those tragic events throughout the year
2018 we've been screening the Sobibor
film it was screened in New York
Washington Geneva Brussels Berlin Vienna
Bratislava Tel Aviv and other cities
these film has been
but forward as one but can be become a
laureate at the Oscar was as a best film
in a foreign language we've been
organizing conferences exhibitions
workshops and meetings on this very
topic
sabi bore another this accretion act
happened in Sofia we call upon the
government of Bulgaria to put an end to
these disa creation we have the
necessary agreements in place but we
cannot but say that Bulgaria has been
failing to put an end to the desecration
of Russian soldiers monuments and they
gave their lives to save the peoples of
the world from the Nazi Germany I would
like to rip up this preliminary part of
my briefing by voicing a number of other
topics our agenda which have to do with
media in Latvia in Latvia on the morning
of October 5th
editor-in-chief of news belts and
ripples of was detained when he arrived
- from Kaliningrad to the International
Airport in Riga to prepare a news report
on the Latvian parliamentary elections I
there were procedures to identify his to
ID identify him and to check his
documents which take a lot of time took
a lot of time after that he needed to
sign an explanation paper and state not
just his professional activities but the
number of and the people he was in
contact with as a result
the journalist received a copy of the
decision of the Minister of Internal
Affairs of Latvia rakaat Kozlovsky
Kozlov skis on including a foreign
national in the list of foreign
nationals banned from entering Latvian
and so the Arctic Congress the Arctic
media world will take part from the 9th
to the 11th of December in salleh card
which will feature representatives over
200 representatives of the media
community from our country and from
other states the main goal of the media
congress is to show the modern Arctic
including the largest most ambitious
projects in the territory of the Arctic
zone of the Russian Federation and to
give initial a new impetus to the
development of wide dialogue on the
urgent issues of the region and the
there will be also a cultural program in
the media Arctic media world the
Congress programme includes an excessive
business part with the plenary session
and three session in the following topic
economic cooperation of the Arctic
countries environmental problems of the
Arctic and preservation of traditions of
indigenous people today in the text of
the briefing we will also give the link
to the accreditation page the
accreditation ends on the 1st of
November so please be haste take make
haste I think this is the last topic
we're going to discuss on the 15th of
October and there will be additional
information published soon we will
present the book by Maximilian
we will present a book by mr. Shevchenko
about the protocol and the book will be
presented in the building of the Russian
Foreign Ministry now I'm ready for the
Q&A we have the microphones we have
everything prepared now I'm ready to
answer to a question my name is ELISA
Bonnie of in the West it is no it is a
norm now to look for some some
uncivilized things wild things in Russia
they make documentaries they come up
with pseudo facts including with regard
to the International to the FIFA World
Cup they spoke about some wild fans and
atrocities and now we've heard about no
my event kokorin and what they allegedly
did in Moscow in Moscow streets and the
Western media of course started to
publish articles about that as well
now some are saying that they're going
to boycott boycott these there's
footballers so are they going to go to
Western tournaments at all so if they
continue to play do you believe that's
disposed and image risk to Russian and
also what's your opinion on this entire
story on the behavior of our colleagues
of and of international journalists who
found something good in Russian well I
believe that this isn't an issue that
I'm supposed to comment on as
and I think that you're right we have
talked quite a lot about football in
recent times and we've done this very
frankly and in an open manner we've
spoke about the achievements of our
country so I think that speaking about
the problems in this area is also very
not just acceptable it's something
that's very needed and I think that the
authorities and the the police needs to
study all the details of what happened
and find out what happened now as for
the public and it stands against
violence I think that the reaction we
have right now I would like to comment
on it but I believe that the reaction we
have is something that supports the fact
that we have a mature society and that
there is a good reaction to what's
happening so I commented on that because
I believe we need to be frank and if we
talk about the achievements in our of
ours of our athletes and our footballers
and of our fans - and of the organizers
of large-scale events so in the same
manner we need to be talking about the
problems we have I'm not convinced that
these are problems related to sport they
are just sports adjacent but as I said
certainly the the police and the law
enforcement agencies are the ones that
need to be in charge of what's happening
and they have already started their
operations with regard to these
incidents
and so we've already heard some
statements with regard to that you had
another some other question I just
wanted to know whether this is going to
damage the image I mean if they would
decide to go outside Russia and play
somewhere else the future lives of our
citizens is clearly not something that I
am in charge of not something that I'm
supposed to comment on but going back to
your first question at the public's rage
reaction and the law enforcement
reaction we didn't analyze it but it's
very clear what it's what it means it
means that the Russian society does not
accept violence in any way not from the
legal standpoint not from this
standpoint of the civil society and this
is a good thing I'm happy to hear that
because well clearly as you said this
can damage the image of the country but
it's not the image we're concerned about
here but we're concerned about the the
details of the matter we are concerned
with the procedures of making sure we
know what happened and responding to
that hi Gloria the world and politics so
there is since our whole world supports
him the West supports him say he should
be released and he was imprisoned for
terrorism the court ruled it out neither
the West nor the certain circles inside
Russia take no interest in the situation
with Kido Wyszynski he is in dire
conditions in Ukraine he was charged
nothing he is accused of just doing his
job deserve and you hope the kill
wyszynski will be exchanged and he will
return home we do not talk about hoping
we we what we do is make sure it happens
and as for the second question you know
what I'm going to say no one in the West
is interested in the fate of Alex and
Sofia as a human being
none of them are interested in what will
happen to him in terms of him as a human
being as a and as a professional as a
filmmaker they are interested in him
only insofar as he is an instrument of
discrediting Russia and I'd like to
remind you of nadezhda savchenko
when she was detained there were charges
made against her you know all the
details about that she was something of
interested interest to all people were
t-shirts with her image there were
protests there were people in the
streets there were public organizations
government structures government bodies
staging some events some meetings some
symposiums there were all kinds of soft
power used in order to attract detection
attract attracts attention to her fate
once she finally came back to Ukraine
and finally was detained and arrested
and put behind bars in Ukraine nobody
was interested in her anymore
and the same is happening with oleg
sentsov they are not interested in him
as a human being they want to use him in
order to make it pain painful to Russia
without actually studying all the
details of course it's a tragedy when a
person is trying to use violence to
resolve some question we he believes are
important to him this is a tragedy and
it is a tragedy that happened to mr.
sent off but the way he is cynically
used by the international community
shows
their real intent I would like to once
again remind you of what happened to
nadezhda savchenko and extrapolate from
that they are not interested in
elections offers a human being for them
he's a symbol he's a political
instrument they used to fight against
Russia so it's difficult for me to
imagine what kind of feats our Western
partners are capable of in the future in
order to use him against us using the
same tactics they applied before and
what about the exchange of our colleague
mr. wyszynski well you know as a as the
Foreign Affairs Office we do not have
the authority to comment on that right
now we do not have the legal basis for
that at this stage any more questions
Roman Kozar of Russia today we noted
some reports in the media that the
British intelligence services actually
get allowed to commit crimes to defend
the national interests how do you assess
well if you can assess such publications
within the context of this recent case
and also in the context of the Scribus
case and also could you comment on the
investigation that Jews with the the GRU
alleged GRU well the fact that the
Belling cat you mentioned and those it's
in contact with or media this is not
true it's not truly a media in in the
classical understanding
and that what they do is try to give out
to leak information from the government
or some other bodies to discredit
someone and to hold some influence
campaigns so they use Belanger to
promote information they want not a
single media in its traditional sense
not even media as understood today the
new media do not do what Belen CAD does
because once they do it they completely
lose all of the trust they have but
there are ways to somehow overcome the
methods of true journalism and this is
what Belen ket does
as for the as well as for what the UK
said that they have the right to commit
crimes that they basically allow their
agents to commit these crimes this is
what we've seen in the context of this
spy stories and now the West they are
starting to ask questions about their
own intelligence services and so the
media was interested in the so-called
tribunal on the authorities of the mi5
the mi6 and other bodies so they were
able to to make it so that would
disclose some documents that there was a
secret letter written in 2012 and signed
by mr.
camryn and it was an order and it shows
that agents are allowed to commit crimes
including murder and even rape if this
benefits the national interests have you
ever heard anything like that this is
not Russian propaganda this is not
Russian information propaganda machine
no this are unclassified declassified
documents that allow Britain
intelligence agents intelligence
officers to murder and rape and it's
also notable that in this instructions
it says that mi5 those who inform in mi5
do not and not do not have a guarantee
that this crime will be pardoned but
each case is it's basically a very
individual case so now what we see
what's happening this is a kind of an
empire of evil so the British
intelligence services create their own
limits of what's acceptable I have read
a lot of documents on that and some
experts say that the British law allows
the intelligence services to commit
crimes even abroad and to do this they
need to they basically need to be
allowed to do that by the corresponding
ministry so it's basically a James Bond
story a license to kill so our
colleagues used to say that this was
basically some kind of a a literature
but this is no literature this is the
truth and they said it was fiction
and so they
British intelligence agents are allowed
to kill than and murder than the
provocations we've seen recently are
very similar to what it's described as
play Russia today agency we still hear
accusations where Russia has been
accused of violating this UN Security
Council decisions saying that Russia
allegedly violated them can you comment
that if that has anything to do with the
truth is it founded yes I've seen these
allegations this charge charges to be
frank
well actually I spoke about them already
we often accused of not compliant with
their own obligations but official
representatives of a number of countries
recently have expressed their positions
against Russia saying that we do not UN
was a resolution at 2375 with regard to
North Korean citizens who has income is
received in the territories of other
states these allegations these
accusations against us are completely
unfounded all North Korean citizens in
Russia are in Russia in accordance with
with agreements and in accordance with
the 2370 2375 UN resolution
this is information that we have and it
is true how would you assess the work
done by Leonid Kuchma and his group and
their possible successors yes we have
noted the decision by mr. Kuzma to step
down as part of the Minsk Group we would
like to thank him officially his
participated in creating and signing the
Minsk agreement and also on the entire
complex of the agreements reached and
signed in the contact group and despite
the political difficulties and certain
restraints mr. couch man has always been
strongly he strongly promoted these
documents and these approaches and this
is something we rarely see with regard
to the current situation in Ukraine now
that he's gone a few questions are rise
what regard to the negotiations process
unfortunately the recent events showed
that the Minsk agreement right now are
not a girl but rather an instrument in
the hands of Ukrainian politicians and
as a top part of the electoral campaign
that started there recently which
manifests itself in the wildest of forms
there are calls for in Ukraine for
leaving the Minsk agreement or some are
saying that there is no longer any means
process this is why we reached some
roadblocks in our conversation but what
we want to do is put an end to the
conflicts and Donbass and Russia is
ready for constructive cooperation
the representatives of Ukraine who will
succeed Leonid Kuchma
and we expect that in their work this
whoever replaces him will adhere to
international norms and to the Minsk
agreements to the fact that there are no
alternatives to the Minsk agreement and
this is something that's even the West
supports that this Minsk agreements are
have no alternatives yes please
consumers care of the daily you talked
about the new Ukrainian law that
actually cramps down on the Russian
language
no that's not exactly what I'm saying
it's not aimed against the Russian
language it's aimed against other
languages we need to study the details
because it's obvious that the Russian
language and languages of other
nationalities are being suppressed and
we need to see why it is done what we
need to look at the wider picture the
bigger picture that's what will happen
in the future the law they have adopted
today and even though I support the
Russian language and your ideas about
that as a representative of Russia of
the Russian people as a person who
respects the Russian language and the
Russian culture and the Russian
traditions this is what I would of
course like to talk about but we need to
talk about the law that's actually
adopted as actually signed in Ukraine
because it actually harms Ukraine
Ukraine and the generation that has seen
the perestroika and the collapse of the
Soviet Union
can attest to you that Ukraine has been
one of the has been one of the countries
that was in the in the best situation
after the collapse of the Soviet Union
in that country each social group each
national group worked for the good of
the of the state of the Galgo of the
country of the nation and when the
Soviet Union collapsed
it was Ukraine that faced the least
number of problem with the compared to
other sovereign Republic's that resulted
from the collapse of the Soviet Union
there were so much thrive so much
killings so much violence in other parts
of the former Soviet Union but it was
very different in Ukraine when the
Soviet Union collapsed it basically had
no problem and Russia was holding out
its hand to help Ukraine and Russia and
other brotherly nations but
unfortunately due to its myopic
political course developed by its
politicians who are not just politicians
they are people who actually betrayed
their country due to all of that Ukraine
faces what its faces now and this is not
the problem of the Russian language this
is the problem of Ukraine and its future
at this language Ukrainian no foreign
diplomats wouldn't they like to come to
crime here and take a look for the city
for themselves we speak Ukrainian and
did you invite them I'm just curious did
you give them a chance to come and see
and listen what I is saying they are
you're saying they are undermining the
basics of the security of the nation
what they're doing is what would lead to
other people not being able to come to
their country and to the Crimean people
not being able to come to international
platforms so that they wouldn't be able
to tell them what you are telling me
after this briefing I will guarantee to
you that the Ukrainian media will
publish something saying that you are a
an agent of the Kremlin and that
everything you are saying was written by
Dmitry kiselev and that the woman that's
sitting behind you has a has a gun to
your to your back and this is what
they're going to say they're going to
create to spin all this lies this is
what they do many bloggers many
journalists many public leaders and
individuals are saying please open your
eyes look at what's being done for the
people living in Crimea in terms of
culture in terms of the economy in terms
of rights now these people were given
rights they never even dreamed about
it's not just about what happened in
2014 and Russia has done so much for
these people but these people and now
they're taking away from these people
any means of actually taking their ideas
and spreading them our expressing them
outside the country one more question on
the September 21st it's an anniversary
of the north vessel that was captured
back at the during those events can you
comment on the progress of the court
case what's the destiny of those
people we already spoke of Kirill
Wyszynski and other people who were
detained and currently in jail in
Ukraine we're doing everything to to
resolve this issue among many others do
you have any more questions you did have
some oh you do have some more questions
and please do go on yes please toss
agency as we know in the second half of
October john bolton representing the
united states will come into moscow are
you playing in any context
well his counterpart in russia and the
one who has the russian security council
will be the one to comment on that
really and if this was a dust take place
then we as the the russian foreign
ministry are also open to contacts we
are ready for any prospects for the
contacts between mr. Bolten mr. Lavrov
but it will be all the details will be
announced later on so any more questions
it was announced today that Ukraine is
preparing one more resolution regarding
Crimea for the UN Security Council's
because they seem to be quite frightened
by the military exercises that took
place there recently can you comment on
this new resolution being prepared well
they are there is a new election soon so
they're starting the electoral campaigns
so now everything is being done - to
talk about this so-called
aggressor the Kremlin's influenced the
Kremlin's hands about the militarization
have they written about any about the
future attacks on Ukraine or on all the
haven't yet okay any more questions yes
one more please I you playing in anymore
in
saying cultural events except in
addition to visiting the Volusia Museum
now yesterday tomorrow we'll have a lot
of events in Sebastopol we'll talk to
journalists to students of universities
will meet with representatives of the
Black Sea Fleet will visit some
officials of the administration and
we'll also have an interview planned
thank you so much thank you
Thank You Maria so colleagues Eskin
derivates you also Eskander our friend
has always provided very
