the Russian city of San Petersburg is
hosting an international legal forum
bringing together the leading minds of
the field from across the world one of
the issues being debated there is the
influence of fake news and fake evidence
on court procedures and one of the
foreign participants joins us live now
from San Petersburg er Michael Swain
stone over the Queen's our counsel from
brick Court chambers are Michael thanks
for joining us today hope the forum is
going well we're all aware how fake news
can sway public opinion how specifically
is it affecting court cases
the problem is that after creating
propaganda particularly in international
cases some of the authors of it then
presented as evidence and obviously
evidence can affect proceedings unless
you're very careful in dealing with it
and so what kind of methods can be
incorporated to combat this kind of a
fake evidence as you say
well it's increasingly difficult because
the techniques of creating it are very
sophisticated it often starts with
digital media pictures and video on the
internet uploaded on anonymous accounts
and those are then picked up by some
purported expert who christens the
material as genuine and then it moves
into mainstream media as received fact
but the fact can be false and very
quickly the original pictures and video
disappear their own ephemeral accounts
anonymous accounts and in any event it's
very hard to check metadata and do
forensic analysis because the process of
uploading through social media strips
out that data so the answer is you've
got to bring your skills as a lawyer and
common-sense to bear you've got to look
at context motive try to work out
whether the pictures are physically
possible sometimes they defy the laws of
physics I've got an example in the
Georgian litigation where a piece of
missile is supposed to have landed on a
sofa for people to photograph it's
supposed to have come through the roof
on one side of the room crossed the room
landed gently on a sofa for people to
photograph it turns out that the key
photo was taken by a u.s. navy
photographer as part of a State
Department mission after Russia pulled
out of Gouri in Georgia and after the
the State Department moved in so one's
got to look at context who is the author
of the material
what's the chain of custody of the data
what processes processes have been
applied to it and also one has to have
in mind the burden of proof if
somebody's case is true normally they
should be able to produce primary
evidence not just pictures in the video
now you may be mentioned primary
evidence of course it's not just news
that can be faker or tampered with
courtroom evidence can also be faked or
tampered with as well how did courts
go about dealing with this as you were
saying there are so many social media
platforms now it's difficult to know
where the information is coming from all
the so-called evidence is coming from
but how can courts be more proactive in
protecting the so-called evidence
well I would disagree with you I think
that a courtroom potentially is the best
place to test such material and the best
way of doing it is cross-examination of
witnesses in court because if they're
false witnesses the chances are there'll
be inconsistencies between their various
accounts and if it's a false story and
they're backing up something false on
dodgy video or dodgy digital photographs
there will be problems of physics and
they won't be able to explain how the
picture could have come about so it's
important that adequate time is given
for cross-examination and unfortunate
the International tribunals don't often
have those resources for example in the
Georgia case I was allowed 15 minutes
per witness to cross-examine on very
complex matters and with respect that's
that's not enough but you have to have
an opportunity to challenge the case you
have to have an opportunity to present
evidence in rebuttal and the Tribunal
has to bear in mind the burden of proof
from the standard of proof in other
words the party presenting such a case
has to prove it and if they don't do
that by obvious primary evidence then
inferences flow against them now Michael
obviously you are there at this
international forum in some petersburg
are any any highlights to mention any
surprises for you so far that we should
be aware of
not so far being quite busy I'm afraid
in preparing for my session one thing
that has struck me though within my
session is the common factors between
advocates in a number of these cases
Philippe Bosch represented the Russian
athletes who were recently cleared of
doping and he was complaining that
whilst the case against them was very
public his challenge to the case was
confidential because the process of the
arbitration was confidential and that's
my experience in international
litigation as well the evidence
gathering is confidential and that seems
to me to be a problem because it
potentially means that cases are used
for propaganda instead of proof sounds -
very pertinent cases being addressed
here at the International Forum in st.
Petersburg Michael Swain stone / the
Queen's Counsel from Britain Court
chambers thank you very much for your
time and thank you for your insight on
RT today thank you
