a panel of US senators has endorsed a
government intelligence report accusing
Russia of meddling in the 2016
presidential election Republicans and
Democrats on the Intelligence Committee
released a joint statement on Wednesday
the Russian effort was extensive
sophisticated and ordered by President
Putin himself for the purpose of helping
Donald Trump and hurting Hillary Clinton
well keeping up with all the u.s. probes
into alleged Russian meddling is
becoming increasingly difficult as Artie
Samira Khan explains so we've heard this
story countless times but this time the
bipartisan republican-led committee
found that there was collusion now how
is this different from every other story
well Republicans on the committee
actually agreed with fellip Democrats
that not only did Russia interfere in
the election but the influence campaign
was apparently directed by President
Putin himself to elect Donald Trump and
that all supposedly qualifies as Russian
collusion however just three weeks ago
the house Intel committee also a
bipartisan republican-led committee
found that there was no collusion
Russia's active measures campaign
achieved its primary goal of inciting
division and discord among Americans for
more than a year US politics have been
consumed by bitter recriminations
charges and counter-charges about the
attacks now the Democrats completely
dismissed the committee's assessment
saying that it was incredible that
Republicans couldn't seek collusion
throughout the investigation committee
Republicans chose not to seriously
investigate or even see when in plain
sight evidence of collusion between the
Trump campaign and Russia and guess what
Democrats have pledged that they'll
continue to investigate this collusion
so now there's three separate
investigations all contradicting each
other and we're not even taking into
account investigations conducted by the
Department of Justice Homeland Security
other congressional committees and of
course the infamous Muller investigation
so this Russian collusion drama has been
going on for a couple of years now so
we'll definitely keep you updated that
is if you can keep up of the multiple
Homeland Security House subcommittee as
Senate Judiciary I'm sure there's some
other agency there of those who found
collusion or something whoever found
there to be something could not explain
what it was so you have to give you an
idea of the ludicrous nature of this a
number of organizations or tribunals
that found no evidence of wrongdoing
some that found attempts desires and the
ones that said yes we found something
could not tell you what it was that they
found
you
