good news after of resistivity rot so
now it's a snobbish busy the minister
near 6th millennium on wooly Pearson
defies Christ's ministry and a strim teh
strim a puzzler from marijuana no
private estate Roku starts to rock to
breed with issues not stroke water the
plane Iran a pilgrim
I strongly my pager polish the British
vehicles stolen absolutely
sustainability with an issue arose which
arises commando significant ext openness
administration program res which is
thirty co-partners tumors low
resistivity at sea between the Russian
Federation and Mongolia signed during
Sergey Lavrov visit to Alan butter in
April 2016 also they will exchange their
views on the regional and international
issues key issues in Russian Mongolian
bilateral relations and different
formats including s as Co
a.cian and others on April on May 16th
Acton Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov
will meet with the foreign minister of
Ecuador I would like to remind you that
Ecuador is Russia's strategic partner in
Latin America relations between our
countries
trees are full of respect and mutual
sympathy and high level of understanding
proximity of our positions on a broad
range of international issues during the
meeting the ministers will discuss
bilateral cooperation in economic and
humanitarian here use also international
issues Russia and Ecuador share close
positions on the global agenda we have
been consistently coming out for a more
fair world order based on the supremacy
of international law with the leading
role of the United Nations and
coordinated and looking together for
responses to modern contemporary issues
and threat will also they will also
discuss situation in some Latin American
and Caribbean countries additional
events in the schedule of the foreign
minister will give you updates as always
later as they come and now let's as
always talk about issues related to the
international agenda we'll start with
the situation in Syria the situation in
Syria remain quite complex recently the
operation in Damascus continues the
districts of yelled abdullah and beit
sahm are now fully controlled by the
government forces simultaneously in
eastern and southeastern suburbs of
Damascus the militants of the Free
Syrian Army and their family members
have been evacuated government forces
and Palestinian volunteers supported by
aircraft and artillery continue fighting
in the Palestinian refugee camp of your
MOOC terrorists launched a few mortar
shells firing at residential areas in
the north eastern section of the camp
dozens of civilians were injured in his
Gouda 65 thousands of local residents
who have been evacuated from the area
earlier have returned to their homes the
offensive of government forces in Deir
Ezzor continues Isis has suffered
substantial losses the Syrian military
have reported that they have mopped up
the area of 1,500 square kilometers in
the administrative centre of the Dera
province number of local residents have
been wounded as a result of a mortar
shell bombardment by the Free Syrian
Army a large-scale operation is underway
in eastern Syria we've noticed that the
US administration skipped mom about
thousands of militants detained by the
us-led coalition on the eastern bank of
the youth Ferreras they claim that it is
impossible to coordinate the procedure
of extraditing these militants to their
countries of origin we believe that this
vacuum is created artificially the true
purpose of it is to help his militants
avoid prosecution
they're not they have not been indicted
they're not under investigation we are
talking about two or three thousand
militants mainly from Europe Arab
countries and CIS countries and they're
only restricted in their movements at
the same time they're fed three times
they they have access to medical
services and opportunities to stay fit
since President Trump announced that the
United States is going to which
from Sirius soon we see a higher risk of
caliphate resurging in the areas behind
the Freddy's River just like it happened
in Iraq after the US troops pulled out
of Iraq in 2011 this is basically when
Isis came to prominence we would like to
point out they need to follow the
principle of inevitable punishment for
detain terrorists for the crimes
committed by them based on the principle
of either extradite or prosecute we
believe it is totally unacceptable to
have double standards in pursuing
geopolitical goals also I would like to
say a few words about the chemical
attack and investigation in Duma the
OPCW mission in duma continues to
examine all the circumstances related to
the incident staged by the white helmets
in the city of doom on april 7th this
specialists of the mission have visited
the city of Douma number of times to
visit these sites indicated by OPCW
experts as prescribed by the Chemical
Weapons Convention and OPCW documents
they have taken samples themselves a
question witnesses and conducted a
number of other activities these samples
and other evidence have been delivered
to the Hague for lab examination this
will take two or three weeks the
eventual results of the mission will
become obvious
Noli no earlier than in late May when
the report of the mission will be
released Russia both Russia and Syria
insisted that experts should
work not remotely but visit the site we
expect that as a result of this mission
we will see our professional conclusions
which will help us recreate the real
picture of what happened in Duma on
April 7th and disprove baseless
accusations against the mask was used as
a pretext for a legitimate military
action by the United States the United
Kingdom and France in its gross
violation of the UN Charter we will
continue insisting on conducting
depoliticized and objective
investigations of all chemical terrorism
incidents in Syria in accordance with
Chemical Weapons Convention high
standards I will turn to the situation
of the Palestinian territories as you
know West Bank saw a massive
demonstration of the Palestinians
dedicated to the opening of the u.s.
embassy in Jerusalem Israeli army killed
over 50 of the stadiums hundreds of
people were injured as a result overall
account is that starting from March over
100 people have been killed today I can
say for sure that that the day very
special day for the Palestinians which
they celebrate on the 16th of May
remembering the events of the 1940s and
the tragedy of the 1940s they decided to
announce all nations strike and
demonstration which can result in more
violence we are very much concerned and
we express condolences to the families
of the bereaved we hope that those
who've been injured will recover soon
and we confirm that we see that they are
in their right to hold peaceful protests
and we do deplore the use of
against the peaceful demonstrators both
sides who exercise resolve and the land
situation from spiraling into more
attentions we've said many times that to
put an end to violence and more
bloodshed we need to push forward
towards a proper dialogue which would
bring good results basing on the
Security Council and General Assembly
resolutions and decision as little as
well as the Arab peaceful initiatives
the international community should help
the Palestinians and the Israeli to
attain a lasting peace just peace which
would need the interests of both nations
and not to resort to unilateral actions
which further aggravate the situation
complicates things when it happens to
the implementation of the two-state
solution to the crisis in that relation
would like to reaffirm that our position
towards Jerusalem stays as it used to be
it should be a city for two countries
that we see the Palestine and Israel and
it should be open for everyone people of
every walk of life and every religion
all the three religions concrete
decisions should be formulated during
direct talks between the two sides and
will be sounding tool to support that
very approach to the crisis and we will
be asking other international partners
to do just the same admit many platforms
including the quote a Middle East
quarter now turning to the Korean
Peninsula we see that the tensions are
being diffused and the do you support
these decision to hold the end of May a
dismantling procedure of the nuclear
test site as we know Cherno is from
Russia and other countries have been
invited to participate in that event and
head on the United States and head of
North Korea to meet on the 12th of June
in Singapore we believe that the events
will be very successful we hope it will
be so they will
promote peace in the region we believe
that lasting solution can be achieved
only through multilateral consultation
and talks on how to create a lasting
solution to the crisis installed peace
and security we work with every partner
every stakeholder in order to facilitate
the talks the situation in Indonesia
like to remind you that that country's
saw a number of terrorist acts on the
13th of May in the Surabaya city a
number of terrorist acts were conducted
in three Christian churches many people
died over 33 people were injured and
same evening in districts called cetera
job two more terrorist acts two more
explosions happen in close proximity to
police stations three people died all of
them are put idli terrace on the 14th of
May the police station in Surabaya was
also seeing a terrorist act 10 people
died in Jakarta on the 14th of May as
well as improv and says Banton eastern
yama and Riau the authorities announced
the highest degree of terrorist threat
we see that the country tries to install
better security guidelines and policies
for tourists including the bali island
we do recommend that every russian
citizen should be very cautious trying
to avoid the places with mass amount of
people and refrain from visiting
religiously say create places we haven't
received any information on any russian
citizen injured or killed the so called
superpower case was said many times it
will not be only watching the
developments but we will be doing all we
can to disentangle the situation so that
this process will be more transparent so
that the varial cast by UK would be left
it and
now attention to the first meeting of
the Ministry of Defense meeting and
council our National Security said back
then his views on diffusion doctoring
the new doctrine they've adopted I'd
like to remind you that it was adopted
by the government of UK the first months
of this year this doctrine stipulates as
much as we know from the information so
for published that they have been taking
an integrated approach to national
security issues and in fact that means
that the operation the whole state
government structures would be including
business communities by the way and mass
media and civil societies to guarding
the national security of this way taking
the political and socialized under the
umbrella of the national security this
way they will be explaining and
justifying every step starting from
fighting terrorism and anything with
trade economic decisions we all know
what happens in practice when we see
things like that implemented the same
adviser to the Prime Minister said
directly that Salisbury case is just an
example of the new doctrine being
implemented the decision on anti-russian
steps was taken at the earliest
opportunity basing upon the intelligence
data without waiting for the
investigation presenting any information
by police at the same time we'll be
working and convincing our partners so
the officials of the UK have just
confirmed the same thing we said before
it was done without any justification
official justification or investigation
these decisions were taken as the UK go
and say a very efficient deterrent
factor which would be used further on
let's say infusion doctrine
enhance increases the risk of
ill-considered actions which can deal a
blow to the reputation of Great Britain
international arena aggravate situation
and bring more confident in relation
between states that was demonstrated by
the absurd accusations there with Russia
that it cut they connected to the
poisoning judging by the whole gamut of
propaganda disinformation which appeared
after the Salisbury case we can say for
sure that this fusion doctrine is not a
fusion but the confusion doctor in fact
we've been fooling close of situation
around this crippled case after quite a
prolonged silence in mass media The
Times published on the 3rd of May a
detailed materials that say a lot of
things about the actions of these Kree
Palace the very day they were poisoned
the way they cover these actions they
put forward one more theory about how
surgeon Bailey was poisoned he contacted
the poisonous agent not on the place of
the incident but when investigate again
you can around the house of the screep
house which contra Dix the official
theory of the authorities it just goes
to show that the journalism's are lack
professionalism and it also shows that
it must be a deliberate work of the UK
government's to mislead the public and
to that end they are ejecting new facts
the so-called facts to the facts and
they do that very act cautiously in
order to on the one hand to maintain the
topic afloat and the other hand to make
the public forget about the initial
statements in initial facts and not so
many of them were presented in the first
days and sometimes they were even
contradicting also turning back to the
statement the council's of the prime
minister of the UK on security measures
said that the people who poisoned these
cripples are still not identified what
sits the conclusion well how can the
journey conclusions regarding the role
of Russia and blaming Putin Russia all
these accusations were made without
understanding who was behind this crime
we can say that they are still using
nothing but their own thoughts and
guesswork
speculations drawing their conclusions
just on that and they are certainly not
interested in finding out the true
motives and the perpetrators of this
crime in Salisbury Russia hasn't been
presented with any convincing evidence
to the contrary and we see it as a
murder attempt of Russian citizens and
huge political provocations and the
burden of proof laser on the UK site in
this case would like to note that they
still refuse to provide consular access
to Russian citizens Russian citizens
Sergey and u.s. creep are saying that
Yulia does not want to communicate with
any Russian representatives while Sergei
free pile is not going to be open for
any races because he is a national the
UK and we still believe that we would
like to see any proof that they're
refusing and we haven't seen any proof
so far as you know the consular
convention between the USSR and the UK
as of 1965 stipulates in the article 36
that consular representatives has the
right within his person to meet any
citizen any national of his state give
him
any necessary pieces of advice and help
and support in any way necessary as we
see article 36 has nothing to do with
the need to see the person agree to the
visit of a console worker so that
nothing to do with the right of the
citizen but with the rights of consular
workers and that very right that the
articles been violated once again by the
UK they have been interpreting de that
article in the way that's used only them
as for mr. scruple citizenship we cannot
accept this claim because according to
article 30 of the bilateral convention
this so-called citizen or national term
glues every person who is being
acknowledged as citizens of the state
meet and as you know mr. scribble has
not been stripped of Russian citizenship
and hasn't refused to have it it means
that he continues to be a Russian
citizen and thus he might may be
contacted in full accordance with the
loan convention by Russian diplomatic
workers and the UK also follow the same
procedure when it comes to people with
to citizenship for instance in Iran and
we would like to see that they are
feeling well and we are not satisfied
with the explanation the UK gave when
they say that they want to be contacted
and they refuse to be treated by Russian
specialists we cannot confirm this
information we cannot find any proof and
how can the international community be
sure that this is truly their own good
will that their za their own decisions
will continue to demand that they are
contacted in person by Russian diplomats
if they don't need any help from Russia
then they should be given the
opportunity to say that out loud in
these circumstances we are bound to see
that as a forceful attainment
it means that they are being taken by
the a state it is a gross violation of
the bilateral agreements we have between
our nation's not so long ago they
refused to give visa to relatives a
screed powers Victoria skipper was
refused a visa as they said if she quest
to visa again this matter will be
considered thoroughly and of quote and
again that is nothing but a lied nothing
but hypocracy Victoria apply for a UK
visa once again and she was refused once
again without any explanation at all
that completely contradicts the
statements publicly announced by the UK
government we cannot but say that our
embassy receives nothing but nominal
answers to the questions we erase once
again I'd like to remind you that we'll
be following closely this situation and
commenting every opportunity on the
information we receive now I'd like to
say a few words about the outrageous
behavior by the Ukrainian authorities
with respect to Russian journalists and
other countries journalists including
Ukrainian journalists we condemn the
raid by Ukrainian law enforcement in the
office of Rossio savonia the Foreign
Ministry has released a statement to
this effect and addressed international
organizations which should express their
condemnation of such conduct by Ukraine
and demand that the journalist is
released and other journalists don't
have such actions taken with respect to
them Russia will
do everything in its power to get the
Russian citizen released and other media
professionals need Russian citizens or
Russian media organizations I never
targeted like that again I would like to
say and I think this is no secret to you
especially since we're talking here in
Crimea that we see a real crisis in
Ukrainian journalists and local
authorities continue pursuing the policy
of suppressing dissent restricting the
freedom of thought attacks intimidation
is what we see today in Ukrainian
journalism the assassinations of
Ukrainian journalists had become
commonplace and any position different
from the official align and a
nationalistic rhetoric is stopped in its
tracks and entails reprisals still the
West turns a blind eye to this situation
hoping that the situation with human
rights will improve with the coming of
the new authorities in his so-called
renewed the democratic Ukraine but this
is an outright lie and everybody knows
about that especially journalists
because Ukraine even though Ukraine is
keeps moving up in the Free Press
rankings for example the one published
by reporters without borders
for example they moved up by more than
20 positions from 2014 to 2018 well
despite this fact Ukraine continues with
its reprisals against media
organisations I'd like to say that this
ranking is published based on a few
criteria including diversity
in the country's media their
independence conditions of working
conditions and the legal protection it
is not clear to us how how the authors
of these rankings were able to see any
progress on these matters in Ukraine
we've raised this issue many times in
international forums in fact recently
after supposedly UN event propagandist
workshop people who were officially
invited by the Ukrainian delegation
started intimidating the Russian
delegate who countered all those
anti-russian statements anti-russian
rhetoric and they said some unacceptable
things including physical intimidation
and this was all happening in the
corridors of the United Nations the very
organization that is supposed to ensure
international peace and stability it's
amazing how this how these people
veterans of the so-called anti-terrorist
operation snipers were invited to this
workshop on the media landscape I would
like to point out a number of other
repressive measures taken by Kiev with
respect to Russian journalists covering
events in Ukraine on May 9th special
correspondents of channel 1 preparing a
report on Victory Day celebration skip
were detained and then deported back to
Russia with a band to enter Ukraine for
three years as always the Ukrainian
authorities explained that the footage
made by the journalists was intended to
be used to discredit Ukraine in the eyes
of the international
munity and spread lies about Ukraine I'd
like to ask what if similar steps are
taken with respect to us or Sherman or
British journalists in other countries
will the governments of those countries
respond to the situation calmly will
they see any violation of the freedom of
press will they remain as lukewarm
there's a bug flying around me probably
listen to what I'm saying seriously
though we are very much concerned that
personal data of Russian journalists
immediately were published on these
scandalous Meerut with its website which
in violation of all international laws
publishes the personal data of people
whom the moderators of this site
believed to be errors and abettors of
terrorists quote-unquote this happened
as Ukraine continues Ukrainian nationals
continue to put pressure on local media
organization as well in the very same
day dozens of Ukrainian radical
organizations national corps blocked the
entrance to the inter TV station in Kiev
threatening to put it to set it on fire
and again the Western mainstream media
did not comment on this this happened
because the TV station announced Victory
Day concert and they mentioned that
streets in Ukrainian cities were being
renamed after Nazi collaborators and
this caused an uproar on the Internet
these radical organizations took this
action while law enforcement did nothing
this situation continues on may 2nd
check
organization parliamentary sheet which
was preparing material about what
happened in a deaths in 2014 was not
allowed to enter the country Ukraine
continues with its policy to cover up
who perpetrated this horrendous crime we
also know that the selected position of
the OSCE commissioner on free media on
the one hand they condemned the action
with respect to the inter TV station and
at the same time said nothing about what
was done about Russian journalism a
night
what Ukrainian law enforcement officers
did liberating the officers over ICAC
wouldna
and detaining russian journalists
intimidating russian journalists the
position of the OSC commissioner was not
clear on that either we are outraged by
these events and once again we call on
Kiev to stop
pressurizing Russian journalists under
the trumped up predicts of fights and
propaganda we also encourage our
colleagues press offices of Foreign
Ministries to put pressure on Kiev in
order to stop this lawless situation
with respect to not only Russian media
professionals but international ones as
well
journalists from other countries as well
as Ukrainian journalists they really
need our help I have to comment on this
situation with the north as well as well
currently the situation with the russian
fishermen ira means without substantial
changes on may 9 the airport port of the
harrison region declined the complaint
by the lawyers regarding captain
Guardian car we know that two crew
member
were able to leave Ukraine on April 19
the other seven seamen who were not
allowed to leave are still in Ukraine
Russian embassy in Kiev has provided
them with housing facilities and food
our consuls maintain constant contact
with the fishermen we will continue
insisting that our seamen should be
brought back to Russia as soon as
possible and we want you to know that
this is not just a Russia's position
about what is happening in Ukraine I
would like to point out to you a report
by the media quoting a statement by the
consul Ukrainian Consul General in
Hamburg and these are the console's
comments on social media
clearly anti-semitic unfortunately this
is not an exception this is something
we've been talking about for years now
we asked the international community to
pay close attention to such a rhetoric
it's now public at this point and that's
mostly hidden but this shows the true
essence of the mentality of the current
Ukrainian authorities for example the
media revealed some publications from
the social media of this diplomat
I can't even quote everything he says
there let me just give you a few quotes
glory to Ukraine death anti-nazis it's a
great honor to be a Nazi the rest of his
statements I can't even quote because
this is totally lawless it's just
nationalist rhetoric so we are surprised
on the one hand at that same time given
the current situation this is totally in
line with what the current Ukrainian
authorities usually do
so this gives proper context to a recent
statement by the Ukrainian foreign
ministry which said recently that
anti-semitic provocations are you are
often staged by the Kremlin regime which
uses hybrid aggression tools to
destabilize the political situation in
Ukraine and you scramblers accusations
of anti-semitism against Ukraine why I
say that on the one hand we are
surprised on the other hand we say that
this is totally in line with what has
been happening so far in Ukraine given
the mentality of the current Ukrainian
leadership whenever there is something
you can accuse different authorities off
they accuse Russia of the same thing if
there is something illegitimate
happening in Ukraine instead of
explaining their reactions and
minimizing the consequences of these
illegitimate action what give does is it
blames Russia Moscow the hand of Russia
and so on and so forth we expect that
this outrageous incident will not be
used to accuse Russia once again of
their own faults we hope that the
Ukrainian foreign ministry will
investigate this incident and that the
international community will pay close
attention to this incident next to other
issues in the Latino guard I will soon
have another meeting of personal
American fortress forum this forum takes
place under the aegis of the interior
agency working group on Russian historic
legacy in the United States in addition
to our ministry Transneft will also be
and soft and thought will also be
involved in arranging this meeting as
well as the state archive of the Russian
Federation the Russian international
fair's committee the fortress foundation
and other organizations from both
countries the fortress dialogue takes
place two times a year once in
California and once in Russia the first
meeting took place in Russia and his
pores and despite the difficult
situation in Russia US relations at the
moment this informal platform has been
developing dynamically in recent years
which reveals great interest that
Russian and US citizens have in this
kind of communication this will help
with the bilateral relations in many
different areas the upcoming conference
in the licky Novgorod just like the
previous meeting will have a full agenda
on the first day other participants will
discuss cooperation between Russian and
US museums and Archives and the role of
science and strength and initial
understanding between nations especially
the use of modern technology in archives
and museums from day two the parties
will discuss energy cooperation and
long-term cooperation and developing
information space representative self
the Foreign Minister the governor of the
Novgorod region US diplomats in Moscow
and other prominent public figures will
speak at the forum we invite you Russian
and international media to attend this
event we will give you the contact
information for accreditation
we know that the st. Petersburg
International Economic Forum will soon
take place on May 24 26 at Expo forum as
you know we see the current world
situation as such as that rules no
longer apply we see trade wars based on
short-term political motives we just
expect that there will be an extremely
interesting discussion at the st.
Petersburg Economic
warum I would Vanna recession where
President Putin as well as French
president Emmanuel macron a Japanese
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and the IMF
Director Christine Lagarde will be
present the key subject of the upcoming
forum will be the economy of trust trust
between countries to trust between
business partners trust between people
and the state trusting new technology is
what will have us overcome artificial
restrictions in a global economy the
economy of trust becomes possible if
countries trust each other and build
their relations through to develop
business and human capital exchanging
their experience in applying new
technology not only in the economy but
also in charity and philanthropy the
Japan and France will be the guest
countries at the Forum this year the
Japanese delegation will be led by Prime
Minister Shinzo Abe
there will be a national pavilion of
Japan there will be a special meeting
between Russian and Japanese businessmen
Japan will participate actively in the
business and cultural program of the
forum given that Russia and Japan will
have the year of Russia and Japan in the
year of Japan and Russia next year
French president Emmanuel macron will
also attend the forum an important event
of the cultural month will be special
events to mark 200 years since the birth
of Marius Petipa
there will also be separate meetings for
Russian businessmen with us Indian
Italian Tim Finnish and African
businessmen there will be four key areas
global economy in the age of changes or
Russia using the potential for growth
technology for leadership
human capital in the digital economy
there will be business breakfast for
pharmaceutical companies and IT
companies as always as Burbank will also
have its own now breakfast for its
business partners there will be as
always the talks about the future
discussions there will be a special
forum on the Arctic a number of events
on the young people the International
Youth Economic Forum and the ceremony
for the award giving ceremony for the
winners of the all-russian
contest in educational projects there
will also be some exhibitions where the
regions of the Russian Federation will
present their investment potential and
the current projects where Russian
companies will present their technology
products and solutions for regional
businesses another event that will soon
take place in Russia is as you know the
football World Cup and the website of
the Russian Foreign Ministry has
published full and detailed information
about accreditation for international
correspondents who would like to attend
and cover the World Cup I'd like to say
that detailed information and links to
detailed information will be included in
the official text of today's briefing
official broadcasters of the World Cup
as well as media professionals
accredited with FIFA or the local
organizing committee will get their
visas in Russian embassy based on their
accreditation letter when they arrived
in Russia they will get a page at the
accreditation center of
FIFA and the local organizing committee
this accreditation will give them access
to all events of the World Cup as well
as the right for their professional
activities throughout Russia during the
World Cup media professionals not
accredited by FIFA will also be included
as well as independent journalists and
bloggers they can get accredited at
local media centers each of the host
city has its own local accreditation
center these includes wall grade hickton
Berg Kazan Kaliningrad Moscow News Nino
greatest of on--don't Samara st.
Petersburg science consortium wouldna
will be the official accreditation
organization as long as media
professionals have their medical
insurance they will be free to travel in
Russia with regular business visas
except for CIS a posse and South Ossetia
journalists the journalists will be able
to conduct their professional activities
without foreign ministry's accreditation
but accredited with the local media
accreditation centers in 17 regions of
Russia in 11 host cities and six regions
where training base camps are located
namely Veronica Louisville in Saint
Petersburg Moscow Chechnya and Stavropol
the Moscow media center will start
operations on June 4th other media
centers will start operations on June
13th pages will be issued starting on
May 15th at the Roxy s avoid
Accreditation Center in Moscow Center
will study English on June 4th and other
media centers will study in gauges on
June 13 for more details please see our
official
information local media centers will
offer press conferences briefings the
video of conferences excursions and
master classes they will also be live
broadcasts of the World Cup matches
please go to our website study this
information follow links that are
included there visit local media center
websites like I said earlier I would
like to point out once again that we
have the Crimean bridge behind us there
it is it's a classical example it seems
like it's not there but it's actually
there the reason I mentioned this is
because this is what our West what best
mediate have been talking about for a
few years they said there is no bridge
there will never be any bridge and it's
impossible for this bridge to exist ever
so you always have to take it with a
grain of salt everything we read in the
Western media because if only we
believed what Western mainstream and
unfortunately Ukrainian media wrote I
think today we would be greatly
surprised but as we saw this
misinformation we rebutted it time and
again so today I can tell you about this
construction project this is a huge
construction project I can tell you
about its results and give you a few
facts of the classical misinformation
campaign that was waged against this
bridge so one more time this briefing
takes place in a special setting we can
see even though from afar we can see the
Crimean bridge and yesterday on May 15th
it was officially inaugurated the
construction started in 2016 the bridge
consists of two parts the
the model bridge and the railway bridge
they were built simultaneously and I saw
it today with my own eyes I drove on the
modder motorway bridge it's a huge
structure it's really breathtaking view
I invite you all actually I see behind
you backs there are cars with flags
vehicles trucks from the market that
drove across the bridge earlier the
capacity is 40,000 vehicles 40 train
pairs day the bridge was opened six
months ahead of the schedule specified
in the government contract the railways
section of the bridge will open later in
the fall in 2019 this bridge is a
project that many people have been
looking forward to this is the longest
bridge in Europe it was built in a very
short period of time and very difficult
conditions and actually under very
difficult political conditions as well
there was a lot of pressure a lot of
misinformation and it still continues
and I'm going to talk about that too
there were 10,000 people participated in
the construction of that bridge many of
them were seasoned experienced
construction workers which before that
were working in many other projects
preparing these respectively ie pack
summit in the u.s. truck for instance or
a Sochi infrastructure for the Olympic
Games in 2017 was officially named the
Crimean bridge and today we've been part
of the cars running back and forth and
lots of people were carrying flags of
Russia and Crimea to celebrate this day
they were congratulating each other
shouting out that this is a victory that
is a very long awaited day a special day
all that is sincere and it cannot but
touch you
deeply and it would also like to mention
that before the construction started the
miners and archeologists investigated
every piece of this land as I seen that
to Uniontown international colleagues
many mines and bombs remaining from the
second world war were D mined and thanks
to that project the occur which is found
a number of artifacts which are truly
unique than facie such as projects is
uniquely important for Russia for the
people of Crimea and for the people of
all Russia for everyone thousands of
Russians will be able now to travel to
Crimea by car or by train
it is also will be easier to deliver
goods to Crimean back we'll be ready to
share our experience tapped into the
potential together with our
international partners we'd like to
welcome you and invite you to visit the
Crimean Peninsula because now it is very
much easier than before now turning to
the myths around the construction and
around the bridge itself this is a
grandeur project but as in any other
current project even before it starts
even before it is being designed when
this project was simply discussed there
appears certain myths and they were
quite negative as we talked about the
rhetoric many were proud of this both
Russia and Crimea but still some
Ukrainian and Western media were
systematically discrediting the whole
process of planning and constructing the
bridge many informational Souls on
behalf of mass media's officials and
various figures in Ukraine some European
countries it was such Youkilis think
that the first service of the Crimea
bridge had to go to social networks in
order to publish a whole column of myths
around the Crimean bridge
these myths these accusations were
dispelled time and time again and by the
time itself proved them wrong now we are
here we can see the breach with our own
eyes we can see cars running back and
forth and let's just remember we call
the most ridiculous fakes around the
bridge
for instance in Ukraine they say that
nothing they plan can be started they
meant the bridge for instance the
subordinate Preston magazine said that
it would be best to rely on the
calculations by the authoritative
experts and the best critic they found
was a person who tried to instill the
blockade the Crimea twas mister in
Slough if he said the fact that there is
too much ice and silt and the wind is
too strong
that is why Russia would not be able to
construct the bridge another so-called
expert said there would be no bridge
Russians will be putting piles down
there for years for decades to come
without any results and for instance mr.
a million he decided to calculate the
budget of a different country of Russia
saying that you should understand that
Russia has no money to construct that
bridge and every day the budget is
shrinking more and more and that is why
he as he said could not expect Russia to
complete the bridge and then they say
that Russia promotes propaganda
disinformation and they stole mass media
offices related to Russia again blaming
us of these so-called experts well Ron
we've been implementing this project for
a time which is very short for such
projects they realized that they had to
put into action a different mechanism
starting to fabricate fakes and the
Western media were welcoming these fakes
and promoting and spreading them
actively as BBC said controversial
project is recorded cannot but excite
skepticism they were really skeptical
about the constructions we were giving
new new moves to Republic on a daily
basis for instance among the 600 files
256 files which are as I said in the
middle of the Strait have been damaged
due to the elements exposure they even
given some photos or recently said that
the apertures could not be connected
because the construction workers could
not follow the design blueprints then
they said that there was a different
problem
for instance the overheating of the
construction and architecture Russia had
to transport the electricity power
supply from Siberia to ensure that the
construction site has enough electricity
supply which again is absolutely
groundless and fake every second
Ukrainian blogger or a free show decided
they're experts in constructing breach
is such a to say than the railroad arc
could not be completed because the piles
are going deeper into the search and no
one knows how to fix that that's what
they said many said that this project
should be boring because it cannot be
completed that was propaganda Blake RP
and that is why for instance they even
resorted to the version website who said
that there is no bridge at all in
reality that's what they said and the
photos presented by Russia is just a
fake created in the mosfilm rooms and it
is nothing but a Photoshop and in hell
Graham
I'm not thinking this up it was
published officially by the mass media
of the country who say that Russia is
promoting propaganda even more so they
doubted the construction because of the
photos were far too good to be true as
they believed they said that was a final
argument against the bridge existence
said that Ukrainian military divers put
the explosives to put down the whole
construction that's what they wrote
again but here is the bridge you see you
can use it I did it myself I took a
right to the other side so don't read
these ridiculous things work the
dialogue website wrote back in 2017 that
the bridge would have to be dismantled
and that decision has already been taken
by Russian authorities the Ukraine world
portal said that the construction of the
bridge deals the final blows to the
environment of this region the union
agency said that this is a breach which
is very vulnerable in terms of military
action because it can be easily bombed
from above and from the sea just as well
I have a suggestion to make before
thinking of how to bomb a bridge maybe
you should come to think about the
Ukrainian cities and towns what can you
do to help people not to hurt them these
are just fantasies but let's say you
should device fantasies about your
country about your cities not about
Russian cities and places and quite a
recent example coming from the Ukrainian
mass media it was published in April and
prosecutor general of Ukraine said this
Russian vessel was arrested because they
were digging up some sand in the waters
of Ukraine in order to construct the
bridge
they don't mass media of Ukraine they
were putting much more pressure on
producing more and more fake and while
the Western media were increasingly
skeptical about the completion of the
bridge we were calculating the budget
for the project and Ukrainian money for
some reason I don't know why they were
calculating the damages to Ukrainian
economy and the difficulties to related
to the passing of shapes for instance
another article was published Putin's
bridge to Crimea may came of symbolism
than traffic that's the title of an
article published by New York Times the
author given the public all the reasons
to believe that not a single company
wanted to start the construction and
then it back in January another expert
so-called experts from the US decided to
intervene they said that the bridge
could not last long and could be
dismantling at any moment because it
wasn't constructed properly so you see
it tons of fake news and fake pieces
related to the bridge have been
published you cannot calculate them all
they are too numerous I don't want to
give you every piece of it but I'd like
to warn you that unfortunately what
comes to the Crimean breach and other
large-scale projects and the whole life
and Russia will be seen more and more
fakes that is the continually US State
Department for instance said that the
breach prevents the traffic from coming
back and forth to Ukraine what are you
talking about that's the question I have
I phoned experts many times I called up
the construction workers and then I
realized what they were driving at of
course it prevents something but it just
impedes one thing passing of the Sixth
Fleet of the United States which might
be as the US Department said a couple
years ago dispatch to the
shores of Belarus well that is true that
bridge can be an obstacle in the wave of
its six fleet of the USA all the other
things it only promotes and facilitates
trade Commerce and cooperation that not
nothing else we've announced already
that we'll be celebrating and we
celebrated the Victory Day then we
applied every effort on behalf of the
Foreign Ministry to facilitate the
festivities and the ceremonies across
the world and today we can drove the
bottom line there was a traditionally
powerful event year after year we
remember and recall the heroes of the
Second World War from Russia and other
countries who do not forget about the
contribution of Russia and Russian
people to the victory against the
fascism and it is a special day in a
special date for everyone we seen a
number of events cultural and protocol
events events of all kinds including
evenings inviting the veterans to
participate in commemorating the heroes
and the events of the war also been
reaching out to those who survived the
Siege of Leningrad and those who were
the young prisoners of Nazi
concentration death camps helping them
in any way we can as well as we turn
into care and clean the Greek construct
the war cemetry is a military burial
superbeing seeing a number of events
including the brown and black st. George
ribbon celebration in some countries of
the world the sabi birth movie was also
presented as part of the festival
dedicated to the Victory Day and the
turetsky car chorus choir also was part
of the performance is dedicated to that
day we've been inviting the
representatives of foreign embassies and
various international organization to
participate in the Victory Day ahead of
Israel ahead of Serbia participated in
the victory parade as well
other representatives who participated
in the ceremony of laying the ROVs to
the soldier unknown monument and I would
like to single out the fact that the
immortal regiment parade is not just a
way of expressing our feelings but it's
just a demonstration that we do remember
respect the heroic acts of Russian
soldiers and today we can say that this
was a record amount of people
participating the immortal regiment over
1 million people which is the same not
the same as a year before the motor
regiment parade took place across all
continents and 19 states across the
world and more than 350 cities from
Japan to the United States millions of
our compatriots took to the streets to
pay tribute to those who died fighting
against the fastest most nation saga in
Vietnam Cambodia Netherlands Syria the
Philippines Chile Switzerland Croatia
and the Arctic's these places witnessed
the march of the immortal regiment is
for the Arctic region took place from
the normal Lazarus kam as part of the
63rd Arctic expedition if Assyria is
something new truly unique experience it
was not only about the victory day in
the second world war but also it has to
do with the memory of people too much
those who've been fighting for Syria
back in the day and today as well
because they also commemorate those who
been killed during action before and
today people who decided to give their
lives to fight terrorists in the last
years that might be different touch to
this event but still we can fully
understand their reasons to
celebrate this day this way they've been
carrying the photos of Russian soldiers
who died in Syria for them these
soldiers are also part of immortal
regiment and the memory will live
forever in the history of Syria in
Croatia this March took place for the
first time on the 8th of March because
that's this day when the capital was
liberated in Zagreb they called this
immortal regiment a part of the partisan
movement because there was a huge
movement of partisan fighting for the
liberation of their homeland it's not
the first year when we see the mortal
regiment marching on the streets of
Madrid Spain and for the first time it's
been happening in Portugal in Lisbon I
wonder with people even despite the rain
we're marching through the roads of Rome
as well as the same March happening in
Tokyo for the second time they've been
celebrating the immortal regiment in
Japan over 8,000 people participated and
we also saw the immortal regiment March
in Brazil and the United States it
happened in 28 cities across States as
for the post-soviet territory
it's his tradition in many countries
people have been coming to the streets
to celebrate this day and to pay tribute
to the people who died during the war
and breasts in Armenia even though the
in a political struggle which was so our
media is not forgetting about the past
thinking about the future in here one a
head of the country mr. sark son had it
the people who decided to pay tribute
and then Jesus Pakistan as a Belgian
tajikistan turkmenistan and many other
countries were seen people flooding the
streets to commemorate this day
including mode de vive and georgia such
cities are gory and beliefs in Batumi
israel
turkey Namibian goal Lebanon the
geography of celebration is very broad
and it will probably take me I was to
give you every name of the place where
it was celebrated it is of special
importance but we also need to remember
the Second World War and the
contribution of Russia to the victory it
is a huge consolidating movement which
can help everyone to bring together the
youth and the veterans in some countries
it was not a march on the streets but
rather a meeting at Russian cultural
centres or embassies or clubs or
cemeteries or cemeteries sometimes it
has to do with some security problems
because of the traditions of these
countries or security measures for
instance we do know that in some
countries there is a ban on such act and
such advance on public but still we do
appreciate the work of the authorities
of such countries and thank them for
insurance peace and security of the
people who participated in the
celebration a number of countries some
people tried to prevent people from
celebrating instance in the fournier
some people tried to torpedo the
organization of this event remotion ran
high and the authorities were not ready
to accommodate those will entry
organised but still 15000 people took to
the streets to celebrate this day people
went to the monument to the liberation
of the liberation of Latvia in Riga over
some number thousand people so that were
celebrating this day passing the non
dine fire from one place to another
that just goes to show that we share the
same memories even despite the
statements of the officials of his
countries and in Poland some forces
start to undermine the celebration
process as well over 300 people decided
to pay tribute to the immortal regiment
remembering their
parents and grandparents together with
their friends and co-workers and
activists still some decided to say that
it was a fake event and people were made
to come they were instructed to come and
participate and you know what I've been
driving myself over the bridge and the
person approached me young lad
approached me said can you please record
for me short video just give me a very
short integer said yeah okay
what's the idea my friend he doesn't
believe that you can come to the bridge
drive already it doesn't believe that
this is not a pre-planned event and it's
absolutely a normal bridge and I really
did that I said on video that it's a
completely chaining bridge and no one is
staging anything anyone can drive over
it to the different sides and I should
say that I arrived here at two o'clock
in the morning well more accurately it
was dark just yet and I had to prepare
myself for the birthing we have now and
a lot of people with even in the night
coming back and forth from the bridge
and the mainland Russia and why some say
that the people have been ordered to
come here people have been willing to
come on their own in mass and
unfortunately Ukrainian radicals were
trying to torpedo the celebration of the
Victory Day new create despite the
government still turns a blind eye to
the actions of the Nationals but they
also prohibit the black and orange
ribbon of st. George saying that it
might be criminal punishment if you
decide to wear brown and black ribbon as
the witness witnesses say people were
coming at mass kilometers of
of people standing in order to celebrate
the Victory Day with black and white
photos of their fathers and grandparents
all these people are being robbed by the
Ukrainian government from their memories
and even though black and brown ribbons
are prohibited still people turn to the
streets wearing these ribbons and put
switching on the Soviet songs
commemorating the victory sad very sad
to see that people had to fight for the
opportunity to pay tribute to their
forefathers I don't know about the
repression in Ukraine towards people who
were just shouting down these songs they
remember from the days of youth people
who were carrying the photos of the
fathers and grandparents who
participated in the war in Odessa it was
just a confrontation between the
activists of the promised a actual
movement who were coming alongside the
people celebrating the day and filming
it all it happened
the same way in the halls of the United
Nations with the Russian diplomat who
were trying to defend Russia from the
Latin accusations of Ukraine these
activists in the desks were trying to
impede the movement of the march of
people well the people were saying
adesso is a Russian city glory to the
Russian President and many other things
and unfortunately some people were the
day for these words love these slogans
but inaugural account over six hundred
thousand people participated in the
celebration in Ukraine in some countries
the authorities were quite creative
supporting and facilitating the
celebrations many people many young
students of schools and colleges were
given opportunity to participate at the
Russian embassies hold the so called
courage and fortitude building workshops
for the youth also the church also
helped to
remember the memory by commemorative
collective prayers so-called paralysis
I'd like to thank every municipal
authority member every municipal body
every country for helping and for
facilitating the celebration the
exhibitions the marches ensuring
security traffic accommodation and many
other things I would like to thank you
from the bottom of my heart I'd like to
thank every country every representative
and every agency and town hall of every
city who helped to organize these events
in such a high level and like to say
different kind of thank you for the
representatives of the United States and
greatly grateful for you allowing the
turetsky choir to come to the United
Nations headquarters and though there
were troubles because of the traffic
because of the emergencies which
appeared throughout the process of
giving them a chance to come but still
they did their best to help the choir to
come to the place and perform in front
of the public I'd like to thank them for
this cooperation it's a wonderful
example of cooperation between the two
nations and like you can almost to
conclude my briefing our diplomatic
service never forgets about the memories
of our diplomats and our forefathers we
do remember their contribution and their
help to promote international relations
business security this year we
celebrated the 100th anniversary of mr.
Mandela who is truly a star of Russian
diplomacy he achieved many things
including helping to diffuse the
Caribbean crisis and ensure
non-proliferation of nuclear weapons and
ensuring greater degree of cooperation
in Europe constructing the current
architecture of trust in
a truly state-of-the-art professional
and the seasoned diplomat he was seen as
a true specialist in many areas of
international relations we do plan to
hold a number of events to pay tribute
to his memory and to what he achieved
Torrance's museo de nazies international
life magazine will feature naki
an article on his biography and an
evening a memorable evening event will
be conducted to remember his work and
his contribution to peace and security
many new documents will be published in
relation to his work and his life and
I'd like to conclude with this the
preliminary part the initial part of my
briefing in life to take up your
questions now if I may ask you please
take the microphone
mr. Gorbachev head of the Sebastopol Sea
Union of Journalists yesterday we saw
that cave is conducting a very bad kind
of line of action and do you think that
we should not only deplore such actions
but we should also deploy some certain
steps which would prevent them from
doing anything like that maybe we should
be a bit more pushy and we should not
only be saying that Crimea is part of
Russia but also demonstrating them in
action we should be more convincing I
believe and the second question if I may
the Iron Curtain has been lifted it's
somewhat a bit more difficult than back
in the last centuries and do you do know
that business communities do not want to
respect our interests and our demand in
Crimea and maybe as a kind of a soft
power you can rely on the corporate ties
and join us and maybe Russian journalist
Union and other unions across the world
can
be giving a helping hand to promote
cooperation as well as we can turn to
our compatriots across the world if we
compare the today situation with what we
had back in 2014 regional media across
the world is not that interested in what
happens in Crimea today in a response to
your first question I'd like to say that
our statement is not just words a
statement is an official document that
is sent to international organizations
and to our partners this is part of
international law to an extent because
this is Russia's position on some key
issues it's put on paper and then
reflected in many documents regulating
freedom of speech this is part of a
diplomatic work part of our political
work and it is quite effective actually
but there are also alternative methods
for analyzing this situation and of
course we should use those as well I'd
like to tell you that as soon as we
receive the reports yesterday about all
the details about this lawless situation
in Ukraine what happened with RCA
savonia and this happens every time
Russian journalist gets detained all the
government agencies get involved and not
just the Foreign Affairs Ministry it's
not just the president's office that
issue is a statement not just the
presidential spokesman that issue is a
statement the entire Russian government
gets involved one way or another all
bigger and that agencies I can assure
you that this happens but not all things
have to go public but all the necessary
steps are being taken to protect the
interests of the Russian journalists and
the Russian leadership is overseeing
this situation so I don't think you can
accuse a Russia of not paying enough
attention to such situations in this
incident is always we will use all
necessary measures
now as regards your comment about the
Iron Curtain don't believe in myths this
is something that certain people would
like to believe that it is happening but
this is not actually what is happening
if somebody wants and are in curtain to
be around Russia these are myths what
they said about the Crimean bridge was
also part of the Eren curtain but the
bridge is there and today we're all
laughing at those publications and we
should act the same way with respect to
other things now as regards soft power
and the getting NGOs involved the
foreign ministry does all that very
actively we used Crimean journalists
when covering visits by the Russian
Foreign Minister it did not work out
well from the start because many
countries boycott Crimean people don't
issue the business to them but we're
working on it and we have a group of
Crimean journalists traveling to Moscow
and covering international visits by the
Foreign Ministry this is a very specific
example of how we break through this
so-called our incursion and again what
you said about the drawing attention to
Crimea again I think this is unjustified
your rebuke I regularly come to Crimea
to Simferopol to the media centre I
spent five hours there last time giving
press conferences talking to people
making plans together for example with
the millet TV station and many of my
colleagues do the same but we are always
open to healthy criticisms so I thank
you for your comment I don't think we
met but after the briefing I can discuss
whatever practical ideas you might have
because we work with the Crimean union
of journalists and we are ready to look
at whatever proposals you might have
many of the things we planned together
two years ago have been implemented we
get Crimean journalists more involved at
international platforms and this is very
difficult to get visas for snipers from
the anti-terrorist operation this is
something that other countries do gladly
they got us visas and actually it's
quite clear how they we looked it up on
the internet they receive us grants
these snipers people who don't want to
live this for life they learn to be
snipers they fight their own people they
shoot at their own people and they're
paid with us money to do that and then
they go to the United States they go to
the United Nations and talk about
journalism this is highly cynical this
is why we talk about such things and
after we responded to this situation the
United Nations said that this event had
nothing to do with the information
commedia this was a different event
organised by Ukrainian diplomats on
their own so we exposed that and if you
have any specific ideas we'd be willing
to discuss those let's go number one
named after mr. Dominion we know this is
difficult work to serve the diplomatic
corps we do know that those who are
today starting in the dream or in a
situation they give the information
about what we do today but what about
our school because many and I was cool
dream to become diplomats and
journalists what can you recommend the
only thing I can say it's being a
diplomat is a hard job and we know some
historic
examples when diplomats who were killed
there are many examples and even
recently you remember what happened to
our colleagues killed in Iraq by the way
just recently I saw a report that about
their assassins being sentenced and we
know about some cases from history it
seems like it's an easy profession you
attend receptions you talk to people
actually this is a very difficult job
that is not an should not be in the
spotlight it seemingly easy profession
involves a lot of risk when you go to a
certain country and there are some
unexpected events when there may be
conflict the war bloodshed and diplomats
are hostages over there at the front
line representing their country so this
job has always been difficult and even
dangerous at times I can even tell you I
would invite you to the foreign affairs
ministry and in the hallway you will see
we have a special monument a special
Plake dedicated to our colleagues who
were killed on duty unfortunately we
have some recent records on this plague
and you asked about the international
relations Institute what the children
should pay special attention to you need
to know history history of international
race you should learn foreign languages
and you should know a lot about the
country the language of which you are
studying and of course it's very
important to have communication skill to
be skillful at dialogue and being able
to bring together irreconcilable things
similarly in reconcilable
being friendly and having constructive
conversation while remembering that your
top priority is to protect your national
interest next question please
good afternoon I'll turn in chief of the
WikiLeaks website well you know I have a
question we often quote you in January I
want to keep visit my friends and the
situation I saw was like people with
Russian passports at Airport were asked
to step aside they were given a ban for
three years the entry ban saying that
they visited Crimea they had visited
Crimea and no one knew what kind of
sources they had to make such claims I'm
glad to see that the breach is up when
people can go to Crimea without any
obstacles on the way without providing
any unnecessary data to Ukraine because
I didn't know where do you Korean
authorities get the information but many
people have their relatives in Ukraine
how can we reach out to these people
help them visit the graves of their
forefathers and so on and so forth you
know there are a lot of strange things
happening in Ukraine today and we
understand why all those things are
happening this is all because of the
coup and actually there was more than
one coup that happened in Ukraine
political manipulations the current
authorities have to stay in power they
are ready to do whatever they can and
it's very difficult for them to stay in
power they have to keep stimulating
public opinion and mobilize public
support by creating the image of an
enemy and blaming all their faults or
blaming all their failures on Russia
it's all Russia's fault
it's Russia's subterfuge these arrests
and there's outrageous searches
detention of assisi wooden journalists
immediately they accuse them of being
spies or traders or whatever they said
they found Russian passports they found
Russian awards decorations and so on and
so forth I have couple of questions
what about these law enforcement
officers how about they go to government
members and look if they have green
cards or other countries passports
awards from other countries I think they
would find a lot of interesting things
like yesterday they I saw pictures they
put money on display euro bills dollar
bills as evidence of treason well if you
take all the cash of a cabinet member in
the Ukrainian government it's not like
one debt would not be enough for that
the whole country will not be enough to
put out all that money so why why all
those law enforcement officers don't ask
seriously who is the real traitor who
works in interest of other states it's
ironic that a journalist doing his job
is not allowed to do so even though
Ukraine repeatedly has stated that they
are committed to these values at the
same time government members the
political elite people who have access
to all national secrets to all
classified information have dual
citizenship some are even foreigners
foreign citizens and nobody seems to
have any problem with that
it's absurd so that's my answer to your
question of course we do all we can
to address what the Ukrainian
authorities do provoking conflict
between the two nations and it's very
difficult because they use very
sophisticated methods I gave you a few
examples today and these are not my
inventions what I said about the Crimean
bridge you can still find these
materials on the Internet there's a date
there is source everything this is what
they did and sometimes the Ukrainian
authorities also have a hand in that so
for our part we do all we can to prevent
these activities by the Ukrainian
authorities from having disastrous
consequences and we do feel sorry for
the people you're right about that
it's not like they're not allowed to
enter the country
I was shocked myself now that since you
asked this question and we talked at
length about this I have to mention this
I received a lot of questions about this
when I went to the city of clear org on
Victory Day the local residents had an
event to pay tribute to a great bit Iraq
war heroes and they were singing this
song bring that memory this song that I
wrote lyrics to this song together with
Max fadeev and Nargis performed this
song we made no secret of this fact I
don't know if people knew that they just
liked this song and just like the lyrics
why because we are close Russians and
Ukrainians we are close our history we
have a lot of things in common so I was
shocked when I found out that the person
the woman who was in charge of
organizing this man she got fired you
know what I can't even express my word
say a few words of support to her
because this will only lead to further
reprisals next question
bloggers in the media expert miss vadym
first I'd like to conclude all of you on
this wonderful occasion machining of the
bridge it's a huge thing for Russia for
people of Crimea also like to
congratulate you
we've had the Victory Day the 9th of May
and also would like to you could relay
to you that now we we are becoming part
of the mute warriors lates
I've been there for a very long time as
well as my deputies we got used to that
and you know how many letters we wrote
to the OSC we wrote letters to the
United States we sent an official note
to the United States because at a
certain point the united states that it
is website was based on US server native
service if I'm not mistaken so the
question is as follows what you said
about this day is night if you were not
asleep
I read the comment about samoilova and
the kind of assault on her the verbal
attacks I've been writing about that
myself because it touch touches me
greatly that person the girl she was
representing Russia at Eurovision and it
happens with everyone some time you pass
and sometimes you fail but the host star
is quite don't you think that this
assault on her has to do not with the
fact that she failed to come to the
finals but that she was very patriotic
free on D then she was demonstrating her
patriotic feelings at every opportunity
and stayed human now the resolver it
lower on international sanctions that if
someone advised by the sanction regime
then they should be punished in a way
for him holding the sanction regime
because this way they violate the
Russian regulations so maybe some of the
organizations we have in Russia can be
part of the process they can regulate
this
for instance trade companies strange
food chains because many still ignore
Crimea as a market on your first
question
I'll make some general comments but this
is really important to me I totally
reject any kind of bullying I think a
Democratic Society
but values culture and history if people
are committed to this culture there can
be no bullying there and this is the
official position of our country we
reject bullying at a national level this
is our position and this has always been
our position null sanctions no
restrictions nothing intended to corner
another nation we never support any of
that there are legitimate mechanisms
there's the UN Security Council this is
the only body that can impose legitimate
sanctions to put pressure in a certain
country due to a certain situation this
is done in a legitimate way after
reviewing all necessary circumstances
and documents so bullying is just
unacceptable personal bullying or global
bullying this is not a method that we
would use it's healthy to criticize to
analyze the situation but we should
never cross this line between being a
human being and an animal and now the
second time I have to talk about this
but Crimea supposedly being neglected
you have the bridge the parameters of
this bridge the number of man hours
spent to build this the finance the
political will all those things that
went into this project this is all
unprecedented in recent history
so how can you say that Crimea is
neglected and of course you can't have
everything at once and we know how much
has been done to integrate Crimea into
Russia in every way logistically
financially socially economically so
once again we can only accept it as a
goal we should aspire to but for your
part you should also be unbiased and you
should understand that we do a lot of
things next question
Rt Daniel Hawking's Hayley were directly
Flemmi Russia for violating now be using
the right of veto and the resolution was
blocked which could possibly facilitate
an investigation into the events in the
Gaza Strip
they were mounting the blame on the
Hamas movement how can you comment the
reaction of the United States there was
this events
well I presented Russia's position on
the situation and I think I've said
enough I can only add a few words why
they keep accusing Russia and actually
they force us to veto certain
resolutions in the UN Security Council
these are all political games this is
the same thing that happened at the
beginning of the Iraq war they used the
same kind of approach
insolent approach using all pressure
mechanisms the United States try to
railroad the United Nations Security
Council to pass a resolution on Iraq and
favor of a military option and it was
very obvious that Russia being a
permanent member of the Security Council
as well as France at the time were
against such an option so why would the
United States propose such a resolution
time and again and eventually
this was not put up for a vote or Russia
had to veto those resolutions for people
who are not aware of how the Security
Council works this is a mystery why
would they do that if they know that
Russia would use the veto and then my US
colleague explained that to me he was
the press secretary of the u.s. embassy
to the UN at the time this was during
our joint trip to Chicago in an
interview so he said that when I said I
think this was in the year 2006 or 2007
and I said look this campaign against
Iraq had no legitimate grounds he said
well look at the number of times the
United States put up this matter for a
discussion so according to the United
States the number of events that they
put this up for a vote can be and be
regarded as legitimate as legitimate
grounds and this is an instrument they
used to discredit Russia's position
saying that Russia's position in the
Security Council is not being
constructive these are all political
games and unfortunately as a result the
medalist the situation in the Middle
East or the Syrian dialogue suffer it's
not Russia who suffers primarily it's
the United Nations itself that suffers
because this erodes the foundation and
the authority of the Security Council
the Security Council is a unique
mechanism and I'd like to remind
everybody that the veto right was
invented in the first place by the
United States when the structure of the
future organization was being discussed
and the United States actually
displayed a forethought because the veto
right is actually a mechanism that
prevents the world from rubber-stamping
documents under pressure from a certain
group this is a mechanism that allows we
can use the u.s. term checks and
balances except that it's an
international mechanism annette proved
to be quite useful and with iraq it was
because of Russia's veto in the position
of a number of countries that the United
Nations did not get involved in this
shameful decision that they wanted to
legitimize the United Nations the
international community did not support
the Iraq invasion and this saved the
face and actually saved the United
Nations itself because killing hundreds
of thousands of civilians in Iraq
if only the United Nations sanctioned
that nobody would have forgiven the
United Nations for doing that people
would have been asking questions what
kind of an organization would sanction
such a murderous tragedy next question
kerchief M radio station we mentioned
situation around the Northwest so three
five of them or the territory of Ukraine
and some of them are now in carriage
well the overwhelming majority of people
in Crimea have a double citizenship and
the prosecutor's office Ukraine says
just the same is it enough for the curry
members of north suggest to present
their passport for instance Ukrainian
passport to come to you to Crimea or it
is not enough it's a kind of a Russia's
position towards the Russian Ukrainian
passport to make them still be on the
territory of Ukraine or it is their own
will will of the crew say that there are
citizens of Russia and remain
the territory of Ukraine well I don't
want to disclose all the details of what
is happening right now because our top
priority at the moment is to bring these
settlers back home and make sure that
they remain healthy because we know from
many other examples of people detained
in Ukraine how Ukrainian law enforcement
treats detainees that have something to
do with the Russian Federation so it's
not just the Foreign Ministry and the
Foreign Minister himself who oversees
this situation all the experts and all
the related agencies are also involved
and I can assure you that this is
something we're working on and like I
said earlier let's not get into details
right now because we can do harm to
these people so I don't want to go
public on those details
Riaan obviously of Crimea Monday
authorities of year per Toria and French
city mininum signed an agreement on
cooperation and Paris called this
agreement contradicting the
international law can you please comment
that on behalf of the Foreign Ministry
the funny thing is the French saying
that the France joined the air strike
against sovereign Syria without having
any ground to do so our request from
Damascus no consent from Damascus no
resolution from the UN Security Council
and they're saying now that Paris can
decide what is according to
international law and what is not it's
funny it's ironic the Crimea is there
the bridge is there though many people
deny that although it's obvious they
don't want to see what is actually
happening here unfortunately the Western
community learns things about
Crimea from some mythical NGO reports
and those NGOs have never been here in
the first place so what we do is we
provide unbiased information arranging
for visits for international delegations
including some of the ones you mentioned
so we welcome the fact that NGOs
businessmen human rights activists
lawmakers from different countries come
here so they can see with their own eyes
what is actually happening here and as
regards qualifications of the our French
colleagues I think I already address
that I think we can stop here and I
invite everybody to Crimea the weather
is very nice I think I got some suntan
unfortunately just on the one side of my
face the sea is beautiful the bridges
there so welcome to Crimea thank you
very much
