megha bridge linking mainland Russia to
the Crimean Peninsula has been
officially unveiled six months ahead of
schedule once it is fully operational it
will reduce the region's reliance on sea
and air transport an alive more tourists
to visit the area which is a popular
summer destination for many Russians and
others here's why it's being hailed by
many as a feat of Engineering
while President Putin was among the
first to cross the new bridge
he drove its entire 19 kilometers from
mainland Russia into the Crimean city of
Kerch many of the bridges construction
workers a couple EB president during the
inaugural trip parties daniel hawkins is
there has been following the ground
opening it's quite a feat of engineering
force 19 kilometers long four lanes of
traffic and a railways you to open next
year as well a two-track railway
this bridge the Crimea bridge is now not
only the longest in Russia but the
longest in Europe construction began a
couple of years back has been built in
record time for a bridge of this size
six months in fact ahead of schedule and
all seems to be going to plan for now a
couple of celebrities have inspected the
bridge already the first one being not
oh you may expect a feline cats who was
actually found on this bridge an orphan
and adopted by the workers here the cat
has inspected the bridge walked across
and we understand it's to the cat
satisfaction now to put this into
perspective just what a feat of
engineering this is often there's rough
conditions on the sea are the curt's
straight here
the only land link that the only link
rather to Crimea previously was by air
or by ferry which was not always
available due to the rough weather now
there is a link all the time forty forty
thousand cars thirty million passengers
will be able to be carried through this
bridge at its peak hours it required a
huge amount of supporting structures as
well to be precise more than 32 I felt
our equivalents of steel was used for
the supporting pillars many of which
extend that nearly 100 meters below the
sea that's the equivalent of a 3035
story building so quite a big structure
here now this will have a big impact on
the Crimean Peninsula not only because
of the increased tourists from the
Krasnodar region from Russia also
because of obviously goods that can now
be imported via the bridge and not by
the sea or by air this project has been
been planning for a very long time from
Czarist times to the Stalin the Soviet
Union era it's only been carried
now after hundreds of years of planning
so very much a great achievement here
they will bring you all the latest
updates on the festivities here as they
go on on this historic day for Russia
for the Crimean Peninsula
you
