we asked our guests for their views on
the shockwaves caused by the u.s. stance
on Jerusalem it's a glorious day of
course we are happy by the declaration
and the embassy but we are counting not
only on these events by on our but on
our history 55 Palestinians were
murdered by the Israeli occupation an
occupation that is protected by this
American administrate administration
today we saw a celebration of mythology
and and political zealous Ian and and
religious fanaticism over politics and
international lon you have a Israel and
Iran engaged in an outright hostilities
you have the situation in Syria heating
up between Israel and Russia you have
this incredibly provocative gesture by
the Americans and I think the system
there is cracking wide open here in
Israel some people around us want us to
expose tolerance to those who declare
that they want to kill us who declare
that they want to get into Israel by
booby traps by clutch leak off by
riffles pour them there just you know
out of the regional military exactly to
for for 11 years you are the one who
initiate this you initiate is you but
you brought the world only your start up
is terrorism
what Palestinians brought to the world
is terrible and it isn't anything if you
define Greater Israel as the area
between the the River Jordan and the
Mediterranean Sea the area under
effective Israeli control Jews are now a
small minority in that population and
the more of a minority they become
the more undemocratic and racist Israel
becomes there are zero Israeli injuries
zero Israeli casualties over 2,000
Palestinians injured over fifty seven
Palestinians killed including what do
all of these protests all of these
religious in Gaza
we're happening on Gaza and soil inside
the area occupied by Israel in 1967
Israel used disproportionate force in an
illegal manner that invited the
condemnation of all the human rights
organizations that have any semblance of
respect for international law including
Israeli human rights organizations like
Betts Elam you have thousands of people
protesting inside their deceit occupied
territory and they are being mowed down
by an occupation army that is still
considered under the law as an
occupation army the killing scores of
Palestinians and wounding thousands
literally thousands more but you know
you know mas is not my favorite
organization so you know Hamas is is a
politically bankrupt group which has
completely failed to exploit Israel's
gross gross contradictions and to use
them against the this increasingly
racist state but Hamas has failed
consistently by attacking Jews quad use
and therefore forcing making sure that
Israelis will band together all the more
tightly against what they see is an
external threat I have something to tell
you we want to establish a Palestinian
state in the future why not for the
first time in history there will be a
Palestinian state but not in
enough in a part of Jerusalem would be a
capital for a fake story and we will
accept your handouts on the two-state
solution is the international solution
it's not the Palestinian solution alone
I do believe still that there is a
chance for this solution but it will
take courage and it will take resolve
from the international community to step
up
