hello and welcome to Sophie & Co I'm
Sophie sherbert not set the fifa world
cup world's biggest sporting spectacle
is coming to russia teams from all over
the planet will dig it out for the
coveted price on stadiums from the Black
Sea to the Baltic with just 1 months ago
how ready is the country for
once-in-a-lifetime event well I asked
Alexia Sorokin head of the 2018 FIFA
World Cup Russia organising committee
as kickoff for the 2018 FIFA World Cup
pages closer Russian cities are going
through last-minute adjustments and
checkups making sure everything is up to
standard to welcome the world to sports
greatest tournament from hotel moon
availability to free intercity trains to
legitimate scarf free tickets and modern
stadiums is everything World Cup ready
from Russia's chance to shine what is
new and unique about this year's
championship and is the country well
prepared to handle the unprecedented
influx of tourists for the competition
you kiss I don't think it's really great
to have you on our program today welcome
thank you all right so you took part in
preparations for the Sochi Olympics
obviously the World Cup is in terms of
infrastructure in terms of scale a much
bigger thing 11 cities 12 stadiums does
that make the World Cup more complex
from an organizational point of view
well we traditionally did not compare
the two events they are very different
one is a multi-sport event in one city
we have a single sport event which is
scattered throughout European part of
Russia but it is it is complex it is
indeed multifaceted it involves a lot of
fans who come to Russia who want to see
great football inside Russia Russian
citizens in general almost three million
tickets are distributed for the World
Cup so it is a grand event you seem very
calm and confident during one of the
operational visits to Russia of FIFA
officials were saying while Russian
facilities were progressing on track but
the devil is in details what details do
they mean I mean what kind of details do
the general public miss well it's hard
for me to say which because they meant
World Cup is about details World Cup has
very specific requirements for all the
venues for our stadiums regular stadiums
which are used for
National League games they cannot
instantly host World Cup they need
additional preparation they need
adaptation and that's what we're doing
right now all the stadiums are ready and
then we'll finish adaptation work for
for the World Cup itself the decoration
of the stadiums the fine-tuning of the
stadiums and then we'll be completely
ready for the World Cup alright so this
is happening do you have like
last-minute catastrophes that you have
to deal with I mean we always they're
not gonna see this in the news like
something that you can look back and
laugh right now behind the scenes stuff
well catastrophe would be a very strong
word but usually something happens yes
we think that we undertook as much
precautions as we could we hope that
everything will go according to the plan
but usually something happens yes we
we've seen big football tournaments
where pitchers have been replaced
between the matches we've seen in the
past matches that were delayed or or
even removed postponed but will help
nothing is like that happens at Russia
welcomed during the test runs the new
stadiums on a show for the World Cup
have seen enormous queues and traffic
going in and out are you gonna make sure
that the fans aren't going to be
watching the game from the queue instead
of their seats well in every city we
have a very detailed the very thought
through transport plan this plan will be
tested during three matches which will
take place at every city before the
World Cup these test matches are a good
indication to us whether the our plans
work whether the venue works in general
for big crowds of people then if if
something doesn't work we'll change it
but usually we will come fully prepared
you saw live Nicky how it's improved
over two matches same thing will happen
at every stadium so the White House has
issued a travel warning for fans
which license the American White House
Washington at FIFA Pat says and the
Russian officials are saying that the
security situation is under control so
tell me do Americans know something we
don't
who should I believe no security
situation is indeed under control we
have a very robust security concept
every law-enforcement agency is part of
it it's part of its implemented
implementation we we have tested our
security abilities during Confederations
Cup and everything worked so we have no
reason to believe why it shouldn't work
during during the World Cup and it's a
multiple international events there were
no security incidents so we have a good
track record of of being able to
organize security and safety for all our
guests so if we just put this like
diploma diplomatic spat aside and talk
seriously terrorism Isis has threatened
attacks during the tournament
what extra anti-terrorist measures are
in place well all the proper
anti-terrorist measures will be in place
for sure I cannot tell you the specifics
but every guest should be confident that
all the measures are being taken there
is is a huge effort behind behind
organizing security for everyone I know
that tourist police units will be
established in host cities some units
already patrolling Moscow how different
are they from regular police and what
are they going to be doing and it's a
new effort we were also looking at it
like anybody else hopefully there be
it's more about assisting tourists
rather than policing or taking measures
it's about making sure that everybody is
comfortable that there are no issues
but everybody everybody has responses to
their questions so and we my idea would
be that it's more about about assisting
and making people comfortable what about
the visa situation I mean most of the
fans and was of the countries there are
going to be taking part and the World
Cup will need visits to come to Russia
like if you go to the embassy and say
I'm going in a World Cup this is gonna
be easier to get a visa
well visa situation is very simple we
fulfilled our promise to the world
football community this world cup is
visa-free people should just get fan ID
and with fan ID whether they can travel
visa free they can also present a
substitution of family a certificate
even an electronic one and they will be
led into the country without a visa fan
IDs are sent by mail
it's very simple to apply for it it's a
free service for every ticket holder and
we think it's gonna be very convenient
for everyone look you're kind of
operating in a very uneasy political
situation coincidentally it just so
happens yeah so UK foreign secretary
Johnson compared World Cup in Russia to
the Nazi Olympics in 1936 does that
frustrate your work for what frustrates
us is that some officials do not fully
understand or do not fully accept the
principle of football being beyond
politics and that's a fundamental
principle of the world football we
regret that some people may have
opinions but it's their own opinions it
doesn't influence opinions of many other
football fans who are buying tickets
every day in large volumes we have very
good ticket sales people vote for the
World Cup in Russia with their money
there is there is even a take a deficit
for for certain games and we're certain
that the stadiums are full no but take a
deficit we're gonna get to that but tell
me
our British fans still buy the tickets
yes large numbers mmm decent number
since there was among leaders in Europe
oh that's amazing but those are also a
lot of talk about royal family not
coming after the script ball incident
and obviously British official is not
coming and some European politicians
also said they were income does that I
don't know take away from the status of
this tournament no it doesn't first
every fan is equal available despite of
his professional occupation it's a
personal decision whether whether to
come to watch and support your own team
or not we're glad that some people will
miss miss out on this opportunity but
for us it's it's a personal decision it
has no reflection of the one on the
World Cup itself so one year ago I
remember the Russian Football Union came
up with this idea of gentle fan when
Russian fans were welcoming Brits in
Rostov with warm blankets anything like
that this time around we were organizing
it in summer so no no warm blankets okay
maybe they can but no there is a
traditional welcome kid by FIFA there is
a certain initiatives that we take visa
we are fans but this this was a club
decision club initiative of course World
Cup is a big event for bigger volumes of
people so blankets will not will not be
used well I don't know Russia summers
get chilly and evening was a little
rusty we're gonna take a short break
right now when we're back we'll continue
talking to Alex esata became chairman
and CEO of the russia 2018 World Cup a
local organizing committee to stay with
us
and we're back with Alexei Sorokin
chairman and CEO of the russia 2018
World Cup local organizing committee mr.
Suzuki
during friendly match with France in
saint-petersburg I remember late March
few French players actually claimed that
they were subject to racist abuse I mean
I know that you can't really prevent
incidents like this because there's no
cure for human stupidity but Sir
anything you can do to minimize things
like that of course I've been doing that
together with Russian Football Union
thynketh we think in general a lot has
been done and the number of such
incidents what exactly well usually it's
twofold it's explaining to people why
shouldn't be done and what's wrong with
that in general both Russian Football
Union and the organising committee has a
very firm stance against against racist
behavior but then the second part of it
is inevitability of punishment people
should understand that that certain
liability is inevitable that they'll be
banned from the stadium or criminally
prosecuted but the the biggest part of
it is explaining why it's why it's wrong
that they're harming their own country
their own team and that's in general
there's it's no way to behave at the
stadium
the number of incidents reduced
significantly
over last two-week two years that means
the efforts are are fruitful so the
video assistant referee or the VAR as
it's known it will be the first step
during this World Cup that it's used and
there's plenty of talk about its
effectiveness and the stoppages it
causes to the game how are you gonna
make sure that it goes down as a success
because I mean there's already added
pressure on referees you don't want fans
to remember this World Cup as a visa
that's exactly what the system is doing
is taking the pressure off referees
and exclude explore the possibility of a
mistake mistakes take place it's quite
clear so the video assistant graph 3
takes away this this possibility when
you're watched by 40,000 at the stadium
and a billion a billion people outside
the stadium it's it's quite a pressure
for referee the while human so the idea
is to take out the human factor and to
make the game more to bring more justice
to the game so believe this initiative
has a lot of future it was a well tested
during the conflict cup and there's
already multiple application for for the
use of this system by many leagues
throughout the world but are you not
nervous like you'll be the first one
really using it under scale no the
system works fine there has been a lot
of tests technically it's it's perfect
what FIFA will fine-tune is is its
presentation at the screen for the
people work out some details but in
general it works perfectly well so why
is UFO actually saying that it's not yet
clear how the system should be
efficiently utilized are they just
waiting to see World Cup in Russia as a
test drive for the VAR well it's
possible but there are many European
leagues who are pioneering in in
implementing this system German League
is again as among them but I cannot
comment on behalf of UEFA will see after
the World Cup
so tickets mm-hmm you brought them up
it's really hard to get them at this
point it's first-come first-serve face
ticket purchasing how do I know that
most of the tickets that were bought up
that they were actually sold weren't
bought by scalpers and they're not gonna
be resold 500 times the price well there
is no
world cup that can guarantee that there
is no speculation but I think we made
appropriate efforts to avoid this as
much as possible
first of all tickets are expensive
enough they are we have fan ID system
which also is another another obstacle
on the way Russian Federation has made
liability more stringent for those who
decide to illicitly profit from ticket
sales
but in general we cannot 100% exclude
the possibility of illegal sales of
tickets it happens at every World Cup we
hope that it's just it will be kept in
check during this one based on these
measures so can you help us get tickets
well right now funny you should say
right now it's FIFA calm and take it
centers who can help you
so not the organizing could be in
organizing committee does not do tickets
all right so joke put aside a rumor has
it that accommodation prices are
skyrocketing during the World Cup and
like a city like Saransk that no one
probably has ever heard of will sat back
a tourist thousand dollars per night was
it true well anything is possible
well World Cup Reserve is a big universe
but in general there was a special
decree by the government adopted a long
time ago which controls the tickets
which control the hotel prices sorry
there is appropriate authorities who
control the implementation of this
decree
there could be sporadic attempts of
certain hotels to suddenly increase the
prices but in general they're there it
corrected than by by appropriate
authorities and if there if there is
private accommodation that suddenly
decided to make additional profits well
then the market will will off-balance
them and we believe that closer to the
event prices will be will reach their
equilibrium so for unfortunate fans who
like me who weren't able to get tickets
cuz you won't help me and fortunately
I'm not good in like buying tickets on
internet will I still be able to sort of
buy it into the whole atmosphere are you
gonna have like big screams and parks or
I don't know pubs restaurants where
people can watch if you're not on a
stadium well free for the unfortunate
ends as you call them there is a FIFA
fan fests which are located at central
squares at every city there'll be a big
screen there will be entertainment
programs food and drinks and there
people can watch the games of the World
Cup enjoy the atmosphere have a lot of
fun well now I know what's what what I'm
expecting this world cup free Train
rights between the host cities tell me
how that's gonna work that's a very
complicated system organized by the our
Ministry of Transport it's more than 700
free trains which will operate among
Russian cities which will carry ticket
holders free of charge of course this
suggests a preliminary booking people
cannot just expect to come to the
railway station aboard the nearest train
they should reserve a seat but this
reservation is going on this is another
example of
of our initiative which was well tested
during the Confederations Cup and
received a lot of good comments what
about the the the the plains cuz most
err troubling questions I'll be free you
know that that I understand but most of
the our trial in Russia has to go with
the layover in Moscow is this the way
it's gonna be this time around - like if
you want to connect to the host cities
you need to do a layover we're in
discussion with Russian aviation
authorities and air companies and in
general there is an intention to put
additional airplanes where there is a
demand so right now we're examining this
demand analyzing it and where demand is
clear they can put additional additional
planes additional air routes which
connects it is not from Moscow but but
directly alright an excuse Hadouken
thanks a lot for this interview for this
insight for clearing things up good luck
with everything I guess I'll be watching
from a big screen and cheering to all of
you thank you thank you
