I'm Jabberjaw Shoebridge a security
analyst and former counterterrorism
intelligence officer hey Charles so once
again it seems this person was known to
the intelligence services that he was on
a French intelligence base it's been
reported if true what sort of
surveillance should he have been under
not to escape through the cracks as
appears to have happened and carried out
this attack last night in Paris yes
you're right aneesa's report is also
correct that many I would suspect
actually the vast majority of those that
have carried out attacks not just in
France but elsewhere in Europe is
including those in the UK in the last
few years have been known to the
security services as a potential
terrorist threat or security threat as
it's being reported in this case so on
one level that provides a modicum a
small amount of reassurance that at
least these people were known to the
security services however far less
reassuring of course is the aspect that
they were known and yet despite them
being known as a potential terror threat
and of course that level that can be
different levels that no surveillance
was carried out on them so on a
practical level I suppose it's a kind of
a sliding scale as to how dangerous the
authorities think these people may be
the amount of surveillance they're under
but what does it mean practically okay
so you're on a list but what does it
mean practically well that word out
undoubtedly within different countries
here as in here in the UK there are
different levels of surveillance or be
carried out some could be like a
watching brief in other words occasional
monitoring of this suspect in terms of
physical surveillance perhaps monitoring
his phone calls his internet access and
so on but again it largely depends upon
the in fact entirely depends upon the
decision-making process that has taken
place now here we've got - again and
again we've got a look at the security
services and they will want to be
looking at themselves to review the
decision-making processes that they've
actually undertaken which came to by
which they've arrived at the decision
that this person isn't worthy of
surveillance quite clearly as it happens
last night there was nobody more worthy
of surveillance than arguably at least
than this person but that may have only
just happened at that particular time
and particularly when we have a
situation where there's a
that's as in this case it would appear
so far is actually acting alone and not
acting in any way that any preparation
was needed he's carried out an attack
with a knife he could have carried out
an attack with a vehicle for example but
if he did attack out an attack with a
homemade bomb for example where he's
actually been collecting materials over
some time to deal build a device that
might have given more of a clue away we
need to know more about this serpent
this person I'm sure and more will
emerge in the next few days as to before
a judgment can be reached as to whether
perhaps he should have been under more
surveillance we hear year in year out
about the number of attacks that we
never get to hear about there you know
the the Ford attacks that run into their
hundreds in countries around the world
can we look at this is what happened
last night as a failure on the part of
the French authorities or do you just
have to accept the general public that
these things are gonna happen now and
again I think I think both can apply and
any terror attack getting through is in
one way or another a failure of the
intelligence services because their
primary aim is to prevent these attacks
but ironically or not ironically we
perhaps we should also see that
depending on the circumstances it isn't
possible we have to accept that it isn't
possible to keep everybody under
surveillance all of the time and nor
would anybody that want that situation
but having said that decision-making
processes that have taken place and have
proved faulty in this case it may be
that there are more deserving suspects
of surveillance at the moment but that
would depend on the factors that were
taken into consideration at the time but
at the same time there always will be
people who will get through especially
in a case like this where it hasn't
appeared to have occurred
any private preparation or indeed any if
you like co-conspirators that might have
reported on him to the authorities but
nonetheless of course the fact that he
was able to carry out this attack that
he was known to surveil to to the
security services will be something of
concern and I'm sure they will want to
look at this and see whether they could
have improved that it's a Jamaican
processes of course key to that will be
some kind of independent review not the
security services as we've seen in the
UK for example reviewing their own
performance and surprisingly of course
always coming out and
that there was nothing more they could
have done Charles thanks for your
thoughts Chelsea burry security analyst
and former counterterrorism intelligence
officer
