after a great deal of controversy Brett
Cavanaugh has been confirmed on to the
US Supreme Court as a justice now as if
all that controversy weren't enough we
now have Donald Trump throwing some fuel
onto the fire on behalf of our nation I
want to apologize to Brett and the
entire Cavanaugh family for the terrible
pain and suffering you have been forced
to endure
that's after civility disappeared as
certain elements just wanted to stop
Brett Kavanaugh in the Twitterverse
things got particularly ugly a late show
writer boasted about having ruined
Cavanaugh's life whatever happens I'm
just glad we've ruined Brett Cavanaugh's
knife and furthermore we got a Google
exec who had to delete the following
tweet you are finished GOP you polished
the final nail for your own coffin you
all to hell
it wasn't just on social media things
got pretty nasty in real life with
activists harassing senators and it
turns out that some of them were
actually on the clock getting paid while
they did it there were people who were
paid by organizations like ultraviolet
to to try to harness that energy in a
way that would make the viral moments
that we ended up seeing among the
right-wing the favorite buzzword was mob
the mob descended on Capitol Hill they
have encouraged mob rule mob rule the
rule of the mob conservatives utilized
the chaos in the capital in order to
rally the troops and raise money like
after Ted Cruz got harassed in a
restaurant by activists
Cruz's campaign says that the viral
video boosted support and donations some
experts are saying that this mob
strategy is backfiring their tactics are
too hot they insult Republicans and turn
off independence even more than the
prospect of impeachment does we've used
it everywhere because it's effective and
other Republicans who are running for
office are following soup
we are fighting swing voters are turned
off by how Cal and I was treated and
we're responding now Brett Kavanaugh is
confirmed he's on the Supreme Court that
confrontation is over and it's starting
to look like not only did the Democrats
lose but they a lien Aidid a lot of
people in the process
Caleb Maupin RT New York
you
