and I think it's not right to
unilaterally cancel a deal that was
agreed upon that was unanimously
approved in the UN Security Council that
diminishes confidence in the
international order even it is never
good for us to break the laws that we
ourselves helped to create why because
how can you convince powers that
occasionally use force are violent that
don't respect international law to
follow our example when we don't even
follow that example ourselves it seems
that today screening and shouting
insulting and bullying systematically
destroying and dismantling everything is
already in place
is the mood of our times a former deputy
coordinator for the Iran nuclear deal is
implementation believes Trump's decision
shows disregard for Europe the full
interview will be available this Sunday
on our T's worlds apart but here's a
quick preview for you after all the
bonhomie of the macaron meeting after
the supposedly improved atmosphere in
the Merkel meeting and then he actually
tweeted his intention to make this
announcement and sort of telegraphed
where it was going while foreign
secretary Boris Johnson was actually in
Washington trying to convince vice
president Pence in the Secretary of
State to continue the negotiations it
whether or not he was intending to be
rude whether he was trying to send a
message this clearly isn't the way
allies behaved toward one another I
think you see the United States
disregarding the needs and interests of
its allies and Europe and other allies
are going to have to look at this and
decide how to respond in order to
protect their own concerns president
Trump is trying to tear down the
accomplishments of his predecessor I
think it's pretty clear from his public
remarks that he does not understand what
was in the jcpoa or what is in the jcpoa
it also does undermine the position of
the United States in the world we are
demonstrating that we cannot take yes
for an answer and that makes it very
very difficult to make credible deals
with the United States
