stop resisting it's on the Reg are
resisting and in many respects please ii
speak now to the manager saw in that and
video footage that's former CIA analyst
ray mcgovern
good to see looking well and hopefully
unharmed we just saw the video of you
being it looked pretty aggressive
wrestled to the ground a very unpleasant
experience I'm sure but I have to say
you went in you disrupted this official
hearing you must have been anticipating
something along those lines in terms of
you being escorted out well you know
nearly it's very interesting this
hearing started in a most unusual way
with the chair saying this and important
I can't wear my glasses very well
because as you could see they're twisted
out of shape but what he said was this
this is an open hearing and there'll be
a closed session those people who want
to say something extra do it fast do it
quickly and then leave oh so I noted
that I take copious notes wherever I go
especially at hearings like this and I
put it on the top here I said well now
maybe maybe this is an invitation to
rake up make a remark I'll do it quickly
and then I'll go well as you can see
from the footage I did it as quickly as
I could but then I was not permitted to
go I was assaulted as you can see by
four then five capital police and you
the footage speaks to itself so the
hearing was in many many respects of
charades the people running the hearing
especially chairman Richard burr are
known to be like this with the CIA the
first thing that Richard burr did when
he became chair in early 2015 was to
recall all the
copies of the four-year study that that
committee the Senate Intelligence
Committee had made on the basis of CIA
original documents about CIA torture and
it was gruesome and that's why he wanted
all the copies back and that that was a
tip-off as to how close these are not
oversight committees these are overlook
committees they're joined at the hip
with the intelligence services ok I want
to just show for all of you is a short
clip of Gina Haspel from that hearing
let's have a quick look and listen my
moral compass is strong I would not
allow CIA to undertake activity that I
thought was immoral even if it was
technically legal I would absolutely not
permit it so suppose this is the crux of
the matter she denies undertaking any
immoral actions as I understand correct
me if I'm wrong there isn't proof that
she was involved in questionable
activities why is it that you and there
were other activists and there are
plenty of people who opposed to eunice
but why did they feel so strongly about
she shouldn't be in this position
timeout
I have to correct you there is evidence
that she directly supervised the
waterboarding and other torture
techniques of al-nashiri a detainee in
Thailand and that was actually what I
picked up on when I approached the the
opportunity to speak so it's not as
though this is in the subjunctive mood
and that's what bothered me the senator
Wyden said now Miss Haspel were you in
charge of the interrogation the
waterboarding of al-nashiri in Thailand
were you personally in charge and she
said well I senator I appreciate the
question but we'll have to take that
into closed session because it's secret
now who made that secret oh it was Gina
Haspel so the prospect of Gina Haspel
the the nominee making incriminating
evidence on gina Haspel secret so that
the american people couldn't see on TV
that she was indeed the torturer in
chief of al-nashiri in thailand and make
it go to the closed session that was too
much and that's why I got up and I said
that I said senator Wyden is entitled to
a direct - an honest answer on that
question you know what it is you have
the documents it is it is not really
kosher it's not really acceptable for
you to refer to at the closed session
you should really make that available
because even if she says torture was
legal it wasn't legal there's not an
authority in the world accepts for those
fo lawyers those false lawyers Alberto
Alberto Gonzales and all those people
who made made the case that torture for
the first time in history at least since
the Inquisition was considered legal
it's not considered legal and the reason
torture is wrong is not because they are
laws against it please understand there
are laws against it because it's just
plain wrong okay human beings don't do
those kinds of things to other human
beings right Amnesty International
several Democratic senators as well
publicly opposed the nomination of a
fast ball so you're far from being on
your own unless they want her possible
involvement in the torture program to be
declassified and investigated so what
they were sweeping into the back office
when you were there you know just you
know asking for that information to be
discussed in public there are
organizations that want that made public
- will it happen
it won't happen and there are lots of
examples of why it won't happen
here's Trump saying we're finally
because of the law going to reveal all
the information we have about the
Kennedy assassination he says that in
the morning in the afternoon he says the
FBI and the CIA say we can't reveal that
so maybe six months from now we'll we'll
take another look at it there are all
kinds of recent examples and distant
examples where the CIA and the FBI and
others say no we can't do that and the
administration vows now Obama was the
worst of them okay
when this Senate Intelligence Committee
report four years in the making
finally was redacted and made safe for
publication he tried all the mechanisms
he had to prevent it and that's when
Dianne Feinstein said look mr. president
if you don't publish this we're gonna
read it from the floor mark Udall lost
his re-election bid here's nothing to
lose he's gonna read the torture report
from the floor so you got a choice mr.
Obama either we read it from the floor
or you release that document he released
it in early December 2014 it is heinous
and if you see all these blackouts
you'll see Gina hospital's name
underneath some of those blackouts I'll
say once again no you were pretty
roughly manhandled so I am sure it
wasn't a pleasant experience I
appreciate you taking the time to come
and speak to us let our viewers get your
side of the story former CIA analyst Ray
McGovern thank you
