zero strong leg lowers ended strong
backs at eighty eight point two degrees
so let's listen in to the last couple
minutes of terminal count
at Stage two locks loads closed out
Falkon hands on internal power
gasps closeouts
hey ApS is ready how long
Eldar you go for launch
but I was 15 seconds not gonna hesitate
lasers and nine eight seven six five
three
and you saw a falcon 9 liftoff and a
beautifully clear shot there at 4:14
p.m. Eastern at t-plus 10 seconds the
thrust vector control system tilted
Falcon 2 beginning hitch kick maneuver
to get it going sideways you just heard
that we're going supersonic and we're
about to go through max Q when the
Rockets pushing hardest against the
atmosphere
we've successfully achieved that major
milestone of every rocket launch
we're actually decreasing the thrust in
our engines a little bit around the time
of max Q to minimize some of those
forces coming up about 50 seconds from
now potential there will be three events
in quick succession the main engines
will cut off the two stages will
separate and the second stage will start
its Merlin vacuum engine which you heard
is just beginning its own Childress
eacher
cutoff happening just a few seconds from
now
pika
and there you saw those
I even see some of the flicker from
Merlin vacuuming engine clean
put her in the cameras
we interacted with the top of the
interstage there for a moment a next
major event as the fairing deploy coming
up just a few seconds from now that's
the second stage that we'll be deploying
its fairing
because in let me see the the fairings
following away behind there's a still
there light they're made of carbon fiber
and aluminum honeycomb but they still
represent excess mass so we no longer
need them once we get out of the
atmosphere
for those of you just joining us we had
three events in rapid succession we had
a main engine cutoff from that first
stage we had a stage separation event
and then we had a second stage light
fall quickly then by a fairing
separation everything's going great
right now Falcon 9 is looking pretty
good right now let's go over what we can
see on your screen on the left hand side
that's a camera mounted on the top of
the first stage of the rocket looking
down towards the nine Merlin engines at
the bottom in that view you can see
those titanium grid fins they slowly
deployed just after stage separation and
those grid fins will allow the Falcon 9
first stage to guide itself back down
towards the drone ship of course I still
love you you can see brief flashes of
those cold gas thrusters as they guide
predict provide additional control
authority for that first stage on the
right hand side of your screen is a
camera mounted at the very bottom of the
second stage looking down towards the
Merlin vacuum nozzle of course at the
very other end of that stage is the
Bangabandhu satellite one right now that
Merlin vacuum engine is glowing red hot
with those exhaust gases as it propels
Bangabandhu satellite one into its final
geostationary transfer orbit
our Falcon 9 first stage today is going
to perform to burn manoeuvres in order
to get back down towards the drone ship
the first burn is going to be an entry
burn coming up in about 30 seconds
you'll be able to see that entry burn
start on the left-hand side of your
screen
as a reminder those bursts of clouds
coming out of the Falcon 9 first stage
on the left of those cold gas thrusters
that in addition to the tightening
written some allow it to provide or to
control itself as it flows back down
through the atmosphere there's we start
along the entry right
at this point the Falcon 9 first age is
actually only about 10% of the mass that
it was in the pad so it's actually
pretty empty of fuel and liquid oxygen
right now so this entry burn is only
going to last a few more seconds before
cutting off and there it is
as that first age gets closer and closer
to the surface of the earth we should be
able to see features such as clouds
waves and eventually the outline of our
own ship of course I still love you
it looks like there may be some
condensation forming at the inside of
the camera but now we should get some
good good video on the right-hand side
of your screen again that second stage
is still continuously propelling
Bangabandhu satellite one into orbit
that looks like we may have lost video
from the cameras on that first stage
momentarily we'll see we can get them
back it one thing it is unique about
this mission is that the second stage
engine cutoff is going to happen just
before the landing coming up in about 20
seconds or so you can see in your
mission status bar at the very bottom
the second stage in and cut off and
landing are right on top of each other
so be prepared for those two events to
have it in quick succession
so it looks like we don't have a great
video signal with that first stage right
now but we do have confirmation the
landing burn has started those landing
lights should be deploying the various
and
after a brief interruption in the video
signal
we are looking at the 25th recovered
first stage of a falcon 9 vehicle what a
great sight that is a camera on our
drenched ship of course I still love you
the crowds going nuts here
Wow all that was happening while all
that was happening
we did have a successful second stage
engine cut off of that second stage
carrying bhagavad new satellite one so
while we're all very excited here at
SpaceX to recover our 25th booster the
primary mission is still to bring
Bangabandhu satellite one into
geostationary transfer orbit right now
everything's looking good from that
second stage it's going to Coast for
about 17 minutes or so we're not going
to be with you for all of that we're
actually going to just look at a
simulation of where that second stage is
however we will come back in
approximately 9 or 10 minutes to guide
you through the rest of the satellite
