Europe needs to create new systems that
will defend its interests what do we
want to be vassals that would abate
blindly to what Americans tell them or
do we want us Europeans to say they will
have economic interests and we want to
have economic relations with Reich
inside the framework of a strategic deal
with Iran which includes Iran's
renouncing of nuclear weapons we think
that this is the right way to go and so
we continue to do business but Ron
strong words from the French Finance
Minister there but she isn't the only
one in Europe that's being vocal in
their criticism of Donald Trump over the
decision to pull the United States out
of the Iran nuclear deal I know a Merkel
never want to give a press conference
unless she really has to well she's
actually issued two statements in as
many days
expressing her disappointment in Donald
Trump's decision it was the latest I
think it's not right to unilaterally
cancel a deal that was agreed upon that
was not approved in the UN Security
Council that diminishes compromise the
international if we always say that if
we don't like things and we kind of
cheat on you internationally do what
they feel that's bad news for the one it
isn't just the German Chancellor though
that's coming out in making these
statements she's presenting a united
front along with the French president
Emmanuel macron he spoke on Thursday
also he said that no nation should have
the right to be able to upset the global
order and said that all countries have
to respect international law no matter
who they were in it is never good for us
to break the laws that we ourselves
helped to create why because how can you
convince powers that occasionally use
force are violent that don't respect
international law to follow our example
when we don't even follow that example
ourselves well those two leaders have
been criticizing Donald Trump's decision
quite publicly whereas if we look to the
European Union what the reactions been
from Brussels well we've heard from
federica mogherini she's the EU High
Representative for Foreign Affairs
that's pretty much the closest thing the
EU has to a foreign minister
she said that as far as the EU were
concerned the deal would be adhered to
she said that Iran was sticking to their
side of the deal and that the EU would
stick to theirs the agreement with Iran
and its nuclear deal is not a bilateral
agreement it is a multilateral project
which represents an achievement of the
world it is now interest to fulfill it
because it is a guarantee of our safety
it's hard to say whether this is
confidence or just blind optimism from
mismo Carini
she says that the European Union will
stick to their side of the deal we'll
have to see if they do that how that is
taken in Washington because Donald Trump
of course said that if any country was
helping Iran or that they could
potentially face sanctions so keeping an
eye to see on what happens from the
European side and also what the reaction
to that would be from the US side as
well that was Peter Oliver there well
George Ducas Manovich International
Affairs and defence spokesperson for the
LaFrance and Sammy's party believes this
could actually be a make-or-break moment
for the EU in its relations with
Washington
when Mikkel and macro were in Washington
they said that they will try to to
convince him not to change the agreement
but until now is the bus is showing it
as the boss so if they do not show any
independence here nothing will change
there will just be a small region of the
huge US empire but if they act as the it
sounds that they will act which is good
that they will react and say that they
will continue this agreement with Iran
maybe it will be the very first step of
a true European independence
