the opioid crisis in the US has reached
the point where the Drug Enforcement
Administration itself says it should be
doing a better job the United States
continues to be affected by a national
opioid epidemic which has been spurred
in part by the rise of opioid
prescribing and misuse the DEA can and
must do better let's quickly break it
down in a span of 17 years 200,000
people have died as a result of overdose
deaths involving opioids increased four
times from 99 to 2016 and every day more
than 650,000 opioid prescriptions are
issued in the US and the DEA blames
doctors indiscriminate prescribing can
endanger patients lives
doctors take an oath to do no harm and
provide the best care for their patients
first do no harm this is the basic
principle to practice medicine but is it
fair to pin the blame on doctors when
it's the DEA itself that registers
individuals and companies to sell
controlled substances and guess what
their funding is dependent on it DEA
must set fees at a level that insures
the recovery of the full costs of
operating the various aspects of the
diversion control program in 2017 the
DEA claimed that it issued 1.7 million
licenses around 500,000 more since 2008
a pharmacist who prescribed drugs to
almost all of his clients is now serving
jail time for it
Ground Zero is West Virginia where
doctors write a hundred and thirty-eight
prescriptions for every 100 people did
you write 325 prescriptions the first
week of January for more than 19,000
oxycodone pills possibly you don't know
how many prescriptions you wrote I don't
I don't they may well be he's still
behind bars but his license was never
revoked
just expired well a DEA report showed
that criminals are often allowed to
continue practicing medicine
even after doing their time in one
instance a doctor who was selling
prescriptions for controlled substances
to undercover police was sentenced to
five years supervised probation but
never lost his license if that's not
shady enough the agency issued licenses
to individuals that had a history of
drug abuse and trafficking here's one
example a doctor was granted a medical
license after two drug-related arrests
the first time he was arrested it was
for cocaine distribution and the second
for cocaine use only to be issued a
license eight years later even
well-intentioned compassionate
physicians have gotten caught up in the
problem of over prescribing I think the
DEA does bear a responsibility primarily
in that their job was really to a police
whether or not opioids were being
indiscriminately prescribed dispensed
and even transported to these very small
towns and they didn't do their job in
that regard but why is it that licenses
are rarely revoked
well the acting head of the DEA believes
the system is to blame we have done a
lot of civil fines but when you look at
major businesses civil fines seem to
have little impact and I think that's
part of the frustration I think the key
to it is is where states either don't
have the ability to connect with each
other or the systems actually aren't
being used is highly problematic and the
way the system works means we're only
seeing the tiniest fraction of licenses
revoked we're talking 0.01 4% out of 1.7
million licenses so one of the the
things that we are now recommending is
that before the DEA grant a license to a
physician there should be required
education that that physician should
have in order to get the DEA license in
the first place what would be much more
important is training physicians in how
to safely prescribe opioids in the first
place and once they have prescribed
opioids how to monitor patients so that
they can see whether or not that patient
is becoming addicted misusing the opioid
or diverting it to other sources
