I hope to be able to make a deal with
them a good deal a fair deal a good deal
for them better for them better for them
but we cannot allow them to have nuclear
weapons president Trump's dangerous
action makes Iran's nuclear program now
more likely to be resumed president
Trump has strengthened the hardliners in
Iran and Iran may go back to pursuit of
highly enriched uranium and ultimately a
nuclear weapon and now off to an arms
race in the most volatile part of the
world well on Tuesday Donald Trump
officially announced Washington is
dumping the Iran nuclear deal struck by
the Obama administration
Trump has long been describing the
agreement as one of the worst deals ever
made America says it didn't cover Iran's
ballistic missile program nor its
perceived malign activities in the
region so now Washington is putting the
screws on companies doing business with
teranas Arty's Daniel bushel reports
sanctions are back Iran probably doesn't
care much it's had them in one shape or
other for four decades
Washington's shooting itself and allies
in the foot surely not the EU cent way
over 10 billion euro of stuff to Iran
last year a relationship in full bloom
corporate giants now licking wounds
include the biggest hitters on the
continent from Volkswagen to British
Airways Airbus maybe worst hit it signed
a 19 billion dollar deal with Tehran
just two years ago three billion more
with Assam an airline's
why should Europe care if Trump quits
the Iran deal because he can make it
your problem - right after Trump's
announcement on his very first day on
the job new US ambassador to Berlin
tweeted the following ominous threat as
Donald Trump said US sanctions will
target critical sectors of Iran's
economy German companies doing business
in Iran should wind down operations
immediately issuing national threats via
Twitter seems Trump picks people in his
own image but this time he's crossed a
diplomatic red line
my advice after a long ambassadorial
career explain your country's policies
and Lobby the host country but never
tell the host country what to do if you
want to stay out of trouble
Germans are eager to listen but they
will resent instructions welcome to our
country sir I'm looking forward to a
good cooperation by the way this
excludes threatening German companies
for a policy announced by your president
ignoring core security interests of
Europe
here we have the entire nature of the
transatlantic alliance revealed for the
Sham that it is because this is not an
alliance between equal partners and
friends as successive European
governments have fatuously claimed it is
indeed the relationship between a
hegemonic behemoths Washington and its
European satellites and so this has all
kinds of ramifications certainly more
than economic ramifications for those
companies but so long as it helps the US
economy right Trump's a businessman
after all he must know how to oil the
wheels of trade apparently not
gas prices have topped the psychological
benchmark of $2 80 a gallon almost a
painful 50 cents up in just a year and
US employers are hurting too just weeks
after Trump's election Boeing toasted a
17 billion dollar deal for 80 US built
jet liners to iran air boeing bragged
about it in line with trump's favorite
mantra I will take jobs back the jobs
were jobs good jobs and even great jobs
jobs jobs jobs today's agreement will
support tens of thousands of US jobs
directly and nearly 100,000 US jobs in
the US aerospace value stream for the
full course of deliveries jobs jobs jobs
no more future deals gone existing
contracts scrapped US workers on your
bike so who'll take their place iran's
already struck billion-dollar deals with
russian plane maker suoi china's all
over iran like
Rasch huge energy deals new railroads
and lending cold hard cash Iran has a
strategy of alliance with the Russians
and the Chinese if the Europeans leave
if the American companies leave what
happens is that Iran is going to
substitute the u.s. with Russia and
China
