one state in the u.s. is encouraging a
different approach to raising children
with so-called free range parenting now
Utah is brought into Laura new bill it
amends the definition of the term
neglect so according to the new
legislation kids can now be a little
more independent they can go by
themselves to school and nearby
facilities as well as play outdoors
unsupervised and their parents won't be
prosecuted for leaving a child in a car
or at home and attended the Norris
Canarsie founder of the free range kids
movement says it's time things changed
there was a very famous case about four
years ago now where parents let their
children ages 10 and 6 walk home from
the park
somebody saw the children thought it was
so unusual that they were there without
a parent that they called the cops and
the cops came to the home of the of the
couple and they were investigated for
neglect that took several months and in
the meantime they were investigated
again for letting their kids do it again
walk home from a park and they were
saying this is our right we as parents
think that our children are ready for
this we know the neighborhood we know
our kids we love our kids more than
anybody knocking on the door so why are
you investigating us for giving our kids
some old-fashioned freedom they say that
problems arise through the fact that the
definition of neglect is fairly vague
under US laws and it varies depending on
the state some real youngsters can't be
left in a vehicle or at home alone
others define neglect as the failure to
provide appropriate supervision but what
does appropriate mean the Norris Ganassi
launched the free range kids movement
after she faced a huge backlash for
letting her son ride the subway alone
she ended up being branded America's
worst mom so the whole idea of free
range kids began 10 years ago when I let
my nine-year-old ride the subway here in
New York City and I'm a newspaper
columnist I wrote a column about it and
two days later I was on every possible
talk-show defending the idea that kids
can do some things on their own we've
really come to the point in America
where seeing a child doing anything on
their own without a parent or without an
adult without a coach or a teacher or a
nanny or a babysitter it's considered
somewhat unusual because we
come so afraid we really started
believing that any time a child went
outside they were gonna be kidnapped we
just watch a lot of TV
that's just see on TV and people really
got it in their mind that that was
happening
and always being with our children and
always hovering over them we're actually
not allowing them to develop the the
sixth sense of how to take care of
themselves and how to get out of some
arguments and and rotten situations or
if they get lost and how to find their
way and that is part of growing up part
of growing up is learning to deal with
something other than sitting in the back
seat being driven somewhere so we say
we're keeping our kids safer but
actually we're stunting them
