since the USA turned away from
multilateral relations with a ferocity
that only surprised us longer wants to
cooperate with other corners of the
world there is much need for Europe all
across the globe at this point we have
to replace the United States which as an
international actor has lost vigor
because of it in the long term in many
European leaders have been openly
discussing their unease since President
Trump made that decision to pull out of
the Iranian nuclear accord Frances
president mr. Matt Khan has been talking
today about the fact that Europe now
must make its own way and not follow
others he talked about when that deal
was created a few years ago saying that
it was designed to build peace in the
Middle East and then quite pointedly at
the USA said that now other powers have
decided not to respect their own word so
much Saudi Arabian leaders want to
salvage this deal that ministers from
France the UK and Germany are due to
meet with representatives from Iran on
Monday to see if there is any way that
they can keep this deal alive without
the United States meanwhile we've also
been hearing from the German Chancellor
Angela Merkel who's talked about the
fact that now the USA has decided to
pull out of this Accord it means that
Europe will have to bear greater
responsibility and and now faces a
greater burden to try and maintain peace
to secure peace and also to find
political solutions to conflicts on the
globe adela gets the guitar we will face
more responsibility in Europe and
foreign policy in the area of securing
peace in the area of political solutions
we must find the US president decided
that he would withdraw from the nuclear
agreement with Iran France the United
Kingdom and Germany have decided that we
remain committed to this agreement well
we've also been hearing that Germany and
Russia have said that they will maintain
communications as all the other
signatories to that Iranian nuclear deal
want to keep that deal afloat despite
the fact that the USA has now decided
under Donald
to walk away from it we've also been
seeing other tensions between the
relations between Germany and the United
States after the USA's new ambassador to
Germantown a tweet in which he was
giving the German companies who were
working in Iran some advice telling them
they need to wind down operations
immediately well that didn't go down too
well with the former German ambassador
to the US passing on some sage advice
that you don't tell a host country what
to do essentially taking the new US
ambassador down a peg or two
