this is Volgograd arena and it's one of
two stadiums in the World Cup that I've
actually competed in when I played here
it looked a lot different it's
completely demolished and they've built
this they turned the pitch a little bit
so with according to FIFA rules are
facing north south west and east other
than that the pitch is exactly where it
used to be
in the World Cup there's going to be
four games played in here and the first
of them is Tunisia versus England and
they're preparing for that game today
they are having mock trials that means
the first time they have people in the
stadium they got all the stewards out in
their orange West thousands of people
are getting into the Volgograd arena for
the first time today so all the systems
are being tested and you can just sense
that the World Cup is edging closer and
closer I'm in Volgograd what else is
going on around here
well I'm Peter Schmeichel and I'm here
to find out
the city used to be called Stalingrad
but it was renamed in 1961 to Volga
right why because of the river Vulcan
and so far I've been to three other
cities under Vulcan and all of those
places the river was frozen solid this
is the first time I see water so I've
decided to take a boat trip and at the
same time I can see the magnificent
state and from the water so yeah we're
passing the stadium now
Stadium from the water looks fantastic
and I was here many many years ago
obviously didn't look like that at all
but the way they've done the whole
Riverside here I can just imagine how
great it will be for amongst others the
English fans to come here and watch that
game against me
it's been nearly 40 years since I last I
skated I've always wanted to see how it
was for an ice hockey goalkeeper and
that's what I'm gonna have it do it next
look at these guys are there and they
skate like they've never done anything
I have to admit that ice hockey is not
to me very very first requirement is
that you can skate and as you've just
seen I'm not able to skate I leave that
to all of these guys these are very very
good at skating
the ice hockey wasn't a great success
for me so I found the driving range have
come out here to get a little bit of
cell respect back and I'd recommend it
you know in between games come out here
you've gotta brace yourself though it's
a bit of a bumpy ride but once you're
here it's nice
I really enjoy playing golf it's then in
a hectic life it keeps your mind off a
lot of things and and it's such a
challenge as well
okay I'm about 15 yards short
