oh they're welcome you're watching our
Tea International this Wednesday the 9th
of May it's just gone 4 o'clock here in
Moscow now Russia is celebrating Victory
Day today marking the defeat of Nazi
Germany it is the 73rd anniversary at
the end of the Great Patriotic War as
it's known in Russia which claimed the
lives of more than 26 million Soviet
people
in fact there's hardly a family in
Russia that wasn't affected by the war
almost everybody has grandparents aunts
uncles other relatives - who fought the
Nazis and in their honor a special March
is now being held of what's called the
immortal regiments it's become an annual
tradition and is underway in Moscow at
the moment we can't go live now - I
think CLE Petrenko who's in amongst the
crowds for us taking part in this march
and as we mentioned before is also
holding a picture of one of his
relatives Ilya
Andrew hello again my question for you
is have you ever experienced being part
of an emotional crowd of nearly 1
million people well if you haven't I can
tell you that it is an incredible
feeling and again speaking of what's
happening right now around me we're
having to stop every once in a while
because there are just so many people
last year during the same march I
remember that about 700,000 people took
part and that was almost in sub-zero
temperatures it was it really a nice day
on May 9th was loads of clouds and even
a bit of snow but this time and his
sunny so I'm going to definitely have to
check the numbers very soon because this
immortal regiment March could be
breaking records really thank you for
mentioning my great-grandfather again I
want to tell you this story and I'll
keep telling this story to my children
my grandchildren three years ago I made
a promise when I first took part in the
immortal regiment marched at and the for
years to come I'm going to march every
year with one of my great grandfather's
and memory of those who made their
sacrifice and who really became the
heroes of the war who made it possible
for us to be living in peace right now
and this is McCaleb evidence of he is
the grandfather of my mother so that's
why his last name is not the same as
mine he won a medal for liberating
Konigsberg which is now known as
Kaliningrad the westernmost city of
Russia and I can tell you that behind
each single portrait that you can see
around me hundreds of thousands of them
around me if not more there's a story
and back in the days there were no
emails no watts apps or telegrams
people were writing letters but some of
these letters don't get uncovered until
today what we want to show you is
something special how the descendants of
the war heroes are reading through their
thoughts that they put on paper decades
ago
dear Maturana icky muffler we are
writing to tell you that your son even
lukianov was the best comrade-in-arms we
had in our battery soldiers and
commanding officers loved him he fought
the German invaders like a true Russian
hero he destroyed many enemies with his
gun on August the 16th at 7:30 a.m. he
fell to an enemy bullet he died back
hero doing his duty and defending our
motherland the entire battery buried him
soldiers and commanding officers swore
on his grave that they will use their
formidable guns to destroy hundreds and
thousands of enemy soldiers to honor the
memory of their beloved comrade in arms
well I believe right now we can cross
over to Daniel Hawkins who is also
taking part in the March I believe he's
at a different location much closer to
the final destination of the immortal
regiment procession that is the red
square dead can you hear me hopefully
you can and please tell me what's going
on around where you are hello Billy yes
I'm very close to the Kremlin the final
destination of this March I don't know
where you are purely because of the
sheer scale the sheer size of this March
it's all the way from the Kremlin
stretching back all the way back down to
the sky one of the central streets in
Moscow really as far as the eye can see
how many people are here today it's hard
to tell half a million eight hundred
thousand maybe even a million or more
this may well be a record you mentioned
the weather being a factor I think men
most of the people here would come to
this event
rain or shine this event really means so
much to the Russian people and to many
people in the former Soviet republics as
well and beyond it's proven simply by
the sheer scale of this event being auto
regiments that people here bringing
photographs pictures or even just names
of loved ones they lost or those who
just contributed to that great victory
this immortal regiment March began
several years ago in quite a small city
in Siberia just a few thousand people
attending in those few years since then
and though that half a decade
it's ballooned to become a truly
international event with dozens of
countries and
millions of people attending worldwide
this week and today there were March was
in many European cities Madrid Berlin
Lisbon London across the Atlantic Ocean
in America in Thailand in Israel
speaking of Israel the Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is here
today as well he's marching alongside
the Russian president Vladmir Putin
who's been participating in this event
as well since 2015 holding up his own
photos let er who was holding up the
photo of a participant of the Great
Patriotic War a Hero of the Soviet Union
he is somewhere in that crowd and as you
quite rightly mentioned Ilya every photo
has a story behind it every family here
has been affected has the sentence that
made some contribution I found out my
great-grandmother Amelia Agnetha was a
military surgeon during the Second World
War than she participated in the Battle
of Moscow saving people's lives
my great-grandfather could do Sumati
gulen was also a soldier he fought in
the Battle of Stalingrad and and laid
down his life there this year is the
anniversary of that particular battle as
well which makes things all the more
poignant a real turning point that was
in these confronted in World War two but
as I said every person here has a story
every family left touched by some
contribution their descendants made and
really the size of this event the record
numbers if this event goes to show just
how seriously the Russian people take
this how much it really does mean to
them and this goes as we said beyond the
Russian borders and I believe we have
had events which our correspondents will
report on in other capitals as well back
to you and eNOS unit
okay thanks Dan hope sunshine continues
we'll be coming back to you later today
that was Dan Hawkins they're in the
center of Moscone before that we were
talking with Neely Petrenko well as both
mentioned the immortal regiments are
being held across the globe the marches
to honor the memory of those who fell
victim to the horrific events of the
Second World War and the regiment
processions are being held from New York
for example to tube Lisa Warsaw and even
Kuwait City they also gathered down
under as those in Sydney commemorate the
heroic relatives who fought the fascists
our correspondent Peter Oliver was at
the event in Berlin of the March of the
immortal regiment underway here in
Berlin as songs from the Second World
War the Great Patriotic War play out we
see hundreds of people marching from the
Brandenburg Gate up towards the Soviet
War Memorial they're all holding
pictures of those that fought and in
many cases died during World War Two in
the defeat of Nazism and for them events
like this and monuments like the Soviet
War Memorial here in Berlin give them a
place to to go to and to pay their
respect and to remember those who gave
their lives
well events have been held across Russia
to mark the day extensively and for many
the centerpiece of course with the
celebrations and the military parade
three Red Square in Moscow so here are
some of the highlights from this morning
ha
the marching bands get underway with
marching bands from all corners of the
vast expanse of the Russian Federation
we can smell the fumes from all the
engines more than a hundred vehicles are
taking part in this year's parade now we
can finally see some of the vehicles
moving just behind me so finally this
part of the parade has officially kicked
off so let's just enjoy the view that we
have from this vantage point and check
out and check out and I think Daniel
Daniel Hortons my colleague will be
meeting those tanks those vehicles on
Manezhnaya square as they rumble onto
the Red Square
here they come here they come now it is
the big boys and their big toys
look at the plumes of diesel coming off
these tanks that's the armata
these are the big ones here BM PT right
there that's the Terminator the stones
of red square my feet
the vibrations it makes you think
there's some sort of seismic activity
underneath the Kremlin
my any question is how on earth does he
park that thing
there's a thunderous roar here I don't
know if many of our viewers would be
near helicopters but you can feel it
through your party the Rev abrasions
the tu-95ms bears as NATO has come to
call them and not 100% sure whether you
get the sheer size of these aircraft
through you know a camera lens but
they're enormous sometimes define reason
logic how on earth the things that big
fly
often terrific camera shots there one
camera also caught an unusual scene on
Red Square at one point of war hero was
seen being forced out of the way by
members of the presidential security
team the president though saw what was
happening he went over to the veteran
and invited him to walk to the Tomb of
the Unknown Soldier to lay flowers
okay well let's return to the events of
the war that changed the course of
humanity because the siege of leningrad
which is now some petersburg remains one
of its most horrific chapters the city
was completely surrounded by germans in
1941 the blockade lasted 872 days and
claimed the lives of up to one and a
half million people all major supply
routes were cut off with only one
exception the famous road of life
running across the frozen lake ladoga
you--you'll winner that she will its it
was June we were at our data and then my
dad appeared with a changed look on his
face and said it's war I like this word
I had never heard it before my dad gave
me a little slap to stop my jerking
around and then he packs his mediately
and left
before we would we had a New Year
celebration at our kindergarten they sat
us on benches and gave each one of us
Amanda an amazing fruit I don't think I
had ever eaten one before
the yard the kebab slowly when I grew up
did I find out my Mandarin was brought
to me by maximum fare dollars and a hole
that was in it wasn't just a hole it was
a hole from a Nazi
and they stay with Artie for our special
coverage of the events and celebrations
that continue as Russia marks the 73rd
anniversary of Victory Day
you
you
