Donald Trump has announced his decision
to withdraw the United States from the
Iran nuclear deal I am announcing today
that the United States will withdraw
from the Iran nuclear deal in a few
moments I will sign a presidential
memorandum to begin reinstating u.s.
nuclear sanctions on the Iranian regime
Kalam opine in New York and Peter Oliver
in Berlin bring us more on the decision
and the latest reaction we heard him
make a number of accusations he referred
to Iran's activities in Syria as quote
sinister now it's important to note in
Syria the Iranian Revolutionary Guards
have been aiding the Syrian government
in the fight against terrorism and I've
actually been decisive in battles
against al-nusra and Isis terrorists now
from there we heard Iran referred to by
Donald Trump as the the leading state
sponsor of terrorism and he talked about
the danger of what he called a nuclear
arms race breaking out in the Middle
East now we know that at this point the
only country in the Middle East to
possess nuclear weapons is Israel now
Donald Trump did seem optimistic about
nuclear negotiations with another
country that being North Korea North
Korea is a country that has withdrawn
from the nuclear non-proliferation
treaty and has successfully tested
nuclear weapons has a nuclear arsenal of
their own but Donald Trump said he
anticipates his upcoming meeting with
Kim jong-un and that he's hoping to
resolve the situation on the Korean
Peninsula this is Donald Trump talking
about North Korea plans are being made
relationships are building hopefully a
deal will happen and with the help of
China South Korea and Japan a future of
great prosperity and security can be
achieved for everyone well this has not
gone down very well here in Europe in
fact the first thing we're going to hear
from as a joint statement from the
leaders of Germany the United Kingdom
and France who all came together to say
that they deeply regretted this move by
the u.s. it is with regret and concern
that we the leaders of France Germany
and the United Kingdom taken
of President Trump's decision to
withdraw the United States of America
from the joint comprehensive plan of
action together we emphasize our
continuing commitment to the jcpoa this
agreement remains important for our
shared security well the job of
delivering the more in depth response
from Europe was left to federica
mogherini who's the European Union's
High Representative for Foreign Affairs
they're the closest thing the EU has to
a foreign minister she said that as far
as the EU was concerned they would keep
on sticking to the deal as it was set
out as long as Iran continued to comply
she also said addressing the people of
Iran and told them do not let anyone
dismantle this agreement she spoke about
it it being the agreement as the result
of 12 years of hard diplomatic work
saying that that shouldn't just be
thrown away
the European Union will remain committed
to the continued full and effective
implementation of the nuclear deal we
fully trust the work the competence and
the autonomy of the International Atomic
Energy Agency that has published ten
reports certifying that Iran has fully
complied with its commitments
well we've also heard from here in
Germany from heiko mass the German
foreign minister who said that his
country will do everything to keep the
Iran deal alive well Benjamin Netanyahu
the Prime Minister of Israel
he's been opposed to the deal since day
one he was opposed to the negotiations
now recently he gave a PowerPoint
presentation in which he called on
Donald Trump to do what he just did it
withdraw from the treaty the agreement
now it's interesting to note Netanyahu
has started to allege that Iran is
moving weapons into Syria for the
purpose of targeting Israel and has said
that he
the United States would draw from the
agreement this is Benjamin Netanyahu
Israel has opposed the nuclear deal from
the start because we said that rather
than blocking Iran's path to a bomb the
deal actually paves Iran's path to an
entire arsenal of nuclear bombs and this
within a few years time now it's
important to note that the current
Iranian president Hassan rouhani he's
from the reformist movement and he was
elected on a platform of being more open
to negotiations with the United States
he was harshly critical of his
predecessor Ahmadinejad today he came
forward and he said that essentially
they're gonna continue consulting with
countries in Europe osmani edge yet I
ordered the Iranian atomic energy
organization to be ready for action if
needed so that if necessary we can begin
our industrial enrichment without any
limitations until we implement this
decision we wait for some weeks and
we'll hold talks with our friends and
allies and other signatories of the
nuclear deal now the world is still
reacting to this dramatic decision from
Donald Trump but Trump is fulfilling his
campaign promise he promised to rip up
the deal and it appears that he's done
just that the Russian Foreign Ministries
issued a statement saying that it's
deeply disappointed by Trump's
unilateral decision to abandon the deal
and to reimpose sanctions against Iran
the Iran nuclear agreement was reached
back in 2015 it was between Tehran and
the five permanent members of the UN
Security Council plus Germany
negotiations took over nine years under
the deal Iran was obliged to limit its
nuclear program in return for the
lifting of sanctions
the US has published also a lengthy list
of indicators of war actions it expects
Iran to take for example it should not
try to obtain an intercontinental
ballistic missile it should cease
developing any nuclear capable missiles
and stop proliferating ballistic
missiles to others also Iran is called
on to end its publicly declared quest to
destroy Israel and hold cyber attacks
against the United States and Israel to
let's bring in our political commentator
and former US state representative in
Massachusetts that's Paul a root nice to
speak to you Paul I just wondered
domestically in the United States how's
this
decision being received both and it will
deal with them separately publicly what
do they make of this but also
politically well it should be received
pretty poorly 63% of Americans that were
polled in a recent CNN or C poll support
the Iran deal and only 29% were opposed
to the Iran deal this is basically
Donald Trump engaging in politics not
very good policy his own Secretary of
Defense has indicated that the joint
comprehensive plan of agreement the Iran
deal is actually working
could this be just just the possibility
I'll throw it out there a case of Donald
Trump doing what we've already seen him
do he doesn't like deals that other
people made he wants to show that he can
do them better this is a bit of
brinksmanship is he trying to show that
he can renegotiate a better deal it may
well be that Donald Trump has certain
delusions of grandeur if you will and he
has withdrawn from other international
agreements the Paris peace treaty of
started Paris plan climate Accord for
example you know moving the US Embassy
to Jerusalem
so he's thumbed his nose at various
international institutions in the past
and international agreements but this is
likely Donald Trump thinking that he
could do something better than a lot of
people who worked on this deal for a
long period of time but this is Iran has
already indicated that they're not
willing to renegotiate that treaty what
effect do you think this will have on US
relations with the other signatory
countries who are to a man all opposed
to this decision u.s. really only as
Israel on site does it damage relations
or will they survive it's going to
strain relations for certain because if
sanctions are imposed on Iran and there
are certain European countries that are
interested in doing business continuing
to business with Iran it's gonna kind of
complicate things
Boeing for example had a deal a twenty
billion dollar deal for different
aircraft that they were negotiating with
Iran you know China and Russia are
likely to just ignore what the United
States is trying to do under the trump
administration what the Treasury
Department is seeking to implement right
now so it's definitely gonna strain
relations and it's actually going to pit
the United States against Iran you know
with Europe and its allies choosing one
or the other I'm just wondering what
officials in North Korea will be
thinking right now do you think they're
going to be suspicious even reluctant
now to go ahead with any kind of deals
with the United States for fear of what
when the next president comes in we
don't know who that would be
they might just rip up any deal well
that's exactly right the North Korean
regime is probably going to look at the
United States as a country that was a
change in administration comes in it's
not gonna I honor its commitments to the
previous administration which no
president has to honor but at the same
time for the sake of continuity it's a
good idea to at least entertain these
but Donald Trump has been saying since
probably 2015 2016 certainly when he was
campaigning that this is a terrible deal
when in fact he really didn't know
anything about the deal back then and is
certainly not taking the advice of his
secretary of defense right now Paul
great to talk to you political
commentator former US state
representative in Massachusetts Paul her
room I guess
