an annual ten kilometer race right
through the French capital will not be
held this year due to the high number of
homeless people mostly migrants camped
out along the route
it's a problem many had hoped would have
eased over the last year artis Charlotte
Dubinsky investigates president Matt
Kahn had pledged that by the beginning
of 2018 no one would be sleeping rough
on the streets of France let alone Paris
yet not only did he fail to deliver on
that promise but it's getting worse much
worse it's believed that up to 1,800
migrants have set up camp along the
canal here in Paris and fears that that
could explode to around two and a half
thousand in the next few weeks has
caused the organisers of the great race
of grand Paris to cancel the annual
event
the ten kilometer race between Paris and
Santini was due to take place in just
over a week's time but this is part of
where the runners were supposed to come
through and as you can see it would be
virtually impossible for them to
navigate this section of the racecourse
these makeshift camps a growing day by
day the route is impossible it is
disturbing to have to run the race in
the middle of a refugee camp at last
year's inaugural race around six and a
half thousand people took part
it was also adopted as part of Paris's
bid to host the 2024 Olympics embodying
a couple of the game's key objectives
solidarity and ecology this cancellation
so close to race day has disappointed
many you know it's kind of unfair right
because I've been preparing for a long
time and then you just cancel that last
minute it's I mean it sounds weird like
they should have reroute stood it yeah
that's what I think it's two separate
problems you just do your race if you
want to do your race and then the
migrant problem is something else I
think they should fix there and help
them more when you walk in the street
you can see that all the people are
lying on their sidewalks despite pledges
to help migrants off the streets the
greater Paris region currently only has
room to shelter 750 individuals far
fewer than the numbers already here a
number said to be growing in the
hundreds each week organizers say they
didn't want the camps to be cleared just
so that the race could go ahead
reluctant to be seen as a tool for
social exclusion but safety concerns
meant that they couldn't reroute either
participants have been offered refunds
or a place in next year's event assuming
of course there is one Charlotte
Dubinski RT Paris
you
