issue in Tuesday's court hearing was
whether or not the United States could
take unilateral action against American
citizens suspected of being terrorists
now the two journalists deny that they
have any links to terrorism but they say
that they're on a kill list people who
could be hit with u.s. drones or air
strikes for being terrorists now the two
individuals in question one of them is
Balilla Abdul Kareem now the lil
Abdulkarim has been widely criticized
for the fact that he's reporting on
terrorist groups like al-qaeda and
al-nusra seems to be rather uncritical
he seems to almost glorify them people
have said he's an extremist propagandist
we do know that top al-qaeda clerics
have said he's there he's they've
actually referred to him as our medium
man furthermore we've seen him reporting
with potential suicide bombers as
showing off the equipment the suicide
belts or vests that they wear despite
all of this criticism it's important to
note that belittle abdul kareem has been
featured in mainstream American media
sometimes you will hear someone say that
they are part of al Qaeda but what is
their real affiliation to al Qaeda other
than some romantic notion to be honest
with you the other person who filed in
the lawsuit is Achmed Mufasa Don who is
the bureau chief of al Jazeera in the
city of Islamabad now he's done
interviews with top al-qaeda leaders and
and he's also faced similar scrutiny and
allegations the two journalists say that
they have no links to terror they deny
their links their official complaint
says that the methodology is employed
have actually resulted in unjustified
killing of innocent people
now they call this an arbitrary and
capricious action by the agency and they
say that the United States Constitution
and international law is being violated
it refers to a program a computer
program called Skynet
apparently this computer program uses
algorithms it follows a person's
location and the communications that
they're having and uses a computer
algorithm to determine whether or not
they're a terrorist now it's not known
exactly what is all that it's included
but it is possible it's alleged that
this computer program essentially would
determine whether or not the person
could be killed in a drone strike this
is this program Skynet is being widely
criticized as violating human rights
violating the rights of journalists and
it seems to point to a big problem of
artificial intelligence when you have a
computer program determining whether or
not someone is a terrorist or not and
whether or not they could be killed in a
drone strike
