the International chemical weapons
watchdog the OPCW has published a
statement clarifying comments from its
own director-general who claimed that up
to 100 grams of nerve agent were used to
poison Sergey and Yulia scrapple in
March for research activities or
protection you would need for instance 5
to 10 grams or so but even in Solsbury
it looks like they may have used more
than that
without knowing the exact quantity I'm
told it may be 50 100 grams or so which
goes beyond research activities for
protection
the OPCW would not be able to estimate
or determine the amount of the nerve
agent that was used in Salisbury on the
4th of March 2018 the quantity should
probably be characterized in milligrams
well let's go live now to London and to
Anne's Asiya Churkin er who's been
following developments throughout the
day for is Nastya hello to you what do
we know here bring us up the date with
what's coming out well unit it's quite
curious with this story that's now been
unravelling since March 4th we can see
more backtracking it seems than real
evidence when it comes to this poisoning
scandal that create is the creative the
biggest diplomatic route between Russia
and the UK for starters yes we do have
this example of the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons chief
saying it looks like from fifty to a
hundred grams must have been used in
Salisbury this had prompted lots of
questions about whether this could have
been potentially enough to kill all of
Salisbury we've also seen questions
about what that much of a nerve agent
piled on to a door handle would look
like given we're talking about a hundred
grams of our liquid or gel this was
something that was asked by the Russian
embassy here in London in a tweet in
reaction to all of that given this
spread throughout the world in media
headlines the OPCW did in fact release a
statement where they said we would not
be able to estimate or determine the
amount of the nerve agent used in fact
and the quantity should probably be
characterized in milligrams and
if you remember before this we've seen
other example of similar kinds of
backtracking when the laboratory Porton
Down came out with a major revelation
very much expected to raise lots of
headlines throughout the world as well
given they were expected to make a big
announcement about Russia's involvement
however we saw them come out and say
they can't identify the source and this
of course came after Boris Johnson here
in the UK had said that they had given
him assurances that Russia was behind
this we have not verified the precise
source you have not been able to
establish a Porton Down that this was
made in Russia as I said it's our job to
provide you know their scientific
evidence that identifies what the
particular nerve agent is but it's not
our job to NC where that actually was
manufactured so to be clear you're not
able at Porton down to say where it is
from we haven't yet been able to do that
but when I look at the evidence I mean
the people from from Portland down they
were absolutely categorical and I asked
the guy myself I said are you sure and
he said that has no doubt and of course
the latest another latest development is
are the statements from the Czech
president who said that his country had
produced and stored and later destroyed
nava chalk which also came as a
certainly a major backtrack given that
previously Russia having said that the
Czech Republic could be among the
countries that might have been able to
produce novel chalk was described as a
lie by Czech ministers Nova Chowk was
produced and tested in the Czech
Republic it was a small quantity though
we know when and we know where it was
done it would be hypocritical to pretend
that such a thing never happened the
Russians crossed all boundaries when
they said the Navi chalk agent could
have come from the Czech Republic that
is alive well of course the biggest
backtracking of them all it seems that
accusations against Russia flew
immediately it was named as the culprit
however we are still waiting for the
official investing
creation results that are yet to come
honestly th Eric no thank you very much
well let's bring in I Phillip Ingram
former intelligence and security officer
for his take on the developments to this
story and there seem to be fill up a lot
of developments a warm welcome to you
let's just go first with what the UN
chemical weapons
watchdogs director general has said we
use the quote in the program a little
bit earlier saying that fifty to a
hundred grams of liquid nerve agent were
used in Salisbury what do you what do
you draw from not do the injuries
sustained Talley with that quantity of
lethal chemical well you were mixing a
couple of things up here and I think he
corrected himself in the statement to
say that it was milligrams but it's it's
very difficult to work out the exact
quantity that's been used the amount
that was absorbed into the body of
surgery and Ullaeus cripple is the
amount that will have caused the damage
and there will have been a mind to
greater mind will have had to been
spread over the areas that they were
potentially going to touch so that they
got sufficient dose of the Navi talked
agent to give them the symptoms that
they exhibited yeah let me just compare
because I'm just looking at varying
chemicals of this sort for the lethal
dose of the nerve agent VX fur for
instance if absorbed through the skin is
10 milligrams VX is less toxic than Nava
choc 100 grams of Nava choc would have
been at least 10,000 times more lethal
overdose so you're a lot of questions
over that part at the same time though
as you'll know an OPCW spokesperson says
the amount of the nerve agent used in
Salisbury cannot be established and that
it could be in milligrams why this
discrepancy I think we've just got a
misinterpretation of the scientific
documentation that's coming out and when
the statements been made someone
someone's made mache something clearly
when they haven't quite understood what
what's been read there and that you the
the the lethal dose that's required as
you say
4vx is is a dog you it's smaller than
the ten milligrams that you're talking
about and that is comes an ld50 rate
where 50% of people who get exposed to
that and it that dose is absorbed into
the body will die we're talking of you
with sarin gas it's about the size of a
grain of sugar it's worth that has to be
absorbed VX is about the size of a grain
of salt Nava chalk and remember Nava
talk isn't one agent there are lots of
agents that are in the group called Nava
chalk and that is supposed to be much
more powerful but this is probably the
first time that a live agent has
actually come into the hands of
laboratories and been used to it's
dangerous effect that we saw on
Salisbury and just on what the Czech
Republic president said about Nava truck
being produced last year and in that
country Russia now says it's waiting for
other nations to reveal whether or not
they bridges Nava truck type agents on
their soil do you think other nations
would come forward if they did I don't
think the nations will readily come
forward unless they're going to be
exposed but you you use the right phrase
there are Nova cock type agents these
agents the laboratories all over the
world will be manufacturing different
chemicals that could fall into this type
it's if you've got the right laboratory
you've got the right facilities people
will look at them especially when
they're looking at the up and from a
defensive perspective if they look at
them from a weaponizing perspective
that's clearly illegal against the OPCW
and the big chemical weapons
proliferation treaty and therefore can't
be done but there's two things to this
there's capability and there's a lot of
laboratories around the world would have
the capability of producing this but
then to work out who's done it there's
intent and you put capability and intend
together and that's why the fingers are
pointing at Russia but you need an
investigation to do that of course and
Britain says and said before the
investigation that only Russia could
have made the nava Chuck nerve agent
didn't mention intent until a little bit
later how much do you think the Czech
president's admission this is the leader
of a sovereign nation under mine
that I don't think it undermines it in
the slightest
you know the capability that's out there
again there's a danger of people taking
sound bytes out of very complicated
reports and taking those sound bytes as
the complete fact it's not and the
statement that came out from the chief
executive officer of DST l port and don
where he turned Ron said he could not
with the test that he'd done positively
point the finger Russia he then went on
to say that but that was not his job his
job was just to identify the chemicals
that were being used and he identified
them as Navi chalk and it was up to the
wider intelligence agencies and the
investigation to connect that little
piece of information add in hundreds
more pieces of information to put the
complete picture together and that
picture points clearly at Russia well
there's a lot of questions I think after
today's development as well we thank you
very much for answering some of them
film Ingram a former intelligence and
security officer
