remember when being portrayed as a
Russian spy was funny a bit of a joke
Hey Oh V hey what's up what are you
doing in the dark man nothing just the
late night filings what are you a
Russian spy or something yeah it isn't
funny now could be anyone in the Oval
Office in the Pentagon Madison Square
Garden can he has recent coordinations
with Trump along with his use of
inflammatory rhetoric and symbols
Confederate flag reeked of provocation
just join up the dots Tonya endorse
Trump publicly they're friends bingo
I'm not saying Kanye West is involved at
all in the Trump Russia scandal but I am
saying he has Russian ties and was there
right after the 2016 election
Scott Dworkin or perhaps working a
contributor for the u.s. news channel
MSNBC and also founder of Russia gate
agrees there are just too many dots not
to connect them Kanye West went to
Russia he went to Russia he literally
flew to Moscow and walked around did you
see what he got up to I sure didn't he
could be doing anything it's now so
obvious why didn't we see it before we
see it now and there are more of them
Clint Eastwood openly backed Trump and
the Russian connection is blatant Clint
Eastwood
speaks Russian pretends
thinking
oh and Robert DeNiro he hates Trump or
so he says but look at the facts he
co-owns a chain of ultra luxurious
restaurants in Moscow and he's opening a
new one soon you know who goes to his
restaurants oligarchs we're not blind
anymore
there could be Russian spies in my
audience and I wouldn't know it everyone
is a suspect are you a Russian spy no
Ellen DeGeneres knows what's up we need
lists so I've put together a quick one
to start things off this is a list of
American stars who have recently been to
Russia they held concerts and did
business it's time to wake up Russian
agents everywhere the president the
Republicans Hollywood your neighbor your
friends maybe probably even you
