president macron has jetted off to
French overseas territory to try and
persuade the people of New Caledonia to
remain a part of France I think that it
will be essentially symbolic a lot of
responsibilities already low - and
management by the government of the
provinces
buzzer New Caledonia already has other
resources like tourism New Caledonia is
rich thanks to its cultures environments
and landscapes if one day there is no
more nickel I can still make it
we already thought of every way to live
without it it's mostly sovereignty
expenses the army defend its security
justice etc so we have asked ourselves
this question for a long time in the
country of two hundred thousand or two
hundred fifty thousand habitants do we
need all these structures the answer is
no since you get the no wins it will
only be for the first referendum and
there will be a second referendum and a
third one so we have time to convince
the people it's in their future interest
to form this country we managed to share
this idea with them they just need not
to refuse it as our goal is to go as far
as possible which is for us to close the
growing tracts of France
