russia's Foreign Minister has told
Israel that if it has evidence
Iran has broken the 2015 nuclear deal it
must pass it on to the International
Atomic Energy Agency Sergey Lavrov ska
ments come after Israel's Benjamin
Netanyahu claimed that Iran repeatedly
misled the international community over
its uranium enrichment program such
documents should be immediately passed
on to the International Atomic Energy
Agency but according to the comments
from experts taking a part in the
negotiations it's very likely that such
documents refer to previous activity
which has already been taken into
account by the international agencies
inspections if the US will announce its
exit from the Iran deal the
international community will of course
lose one of the most important
instruments promoting the nuclear
non-proliferation regime during a
dramatic presentation on Monday Prime
Minister Netanyahu claimed Iran lied
about never having had a nuclear weapons
program he also alleged it had continued
weapons research after the 2015 deal was
struck and that it tried to hide all of
the files relating to its work Netanyahu
revealed 55,000 pages of documents
apparently seized from Iran in a heist
by his really intelligence which he said
was proof of Tehran's dishonesty we
cannot prove the project Ahmad was a
comprehensive program to design build
and test nuclear weapons we can also
prove that Iran the secretly storing
project Ahmad material to use at a time
of its choice to develop nuclear weapons
we remain deeply concerned about Iran's
dangerous escalation and threats to
Israel and the region and Iran's
ambition to dominate the Middle East
remains
the United States is with Israel
in this fight and we strongly support
Israel's sovereign right to defend
itself European leaders urged Israel to
submits all of the data to the UN's
nuclear watchdog but along with the IAEA
itself suggested there was nothing new
in the presentation and that there's no
credible evidence Iran has broken the
agreement the pact with Iran was struck
in 2015 it was brokered by the US China
Britain Russia France and Germany and
hailed as a huge diplomatic success in
exchange for some sanctions being lifted
Tehran agreed to strict limits on its
nuclear program and to open up its
facilities to international experts it's
currently in jeopardy as the u.s.
president who's been a vocal critic is
deciding whether to walk away many saw
Benjamin Netanyahu's presentation as an
attempt to encourage Donald Trump to
abandon the deal let's get some reaction
and bring in now Chris 9m to the program
founder member and national officer of
the stop the War Coalition in the UK
Chris you're very welcome
can I put this point to just as we're
explaining what happened there moments
ago if the IAEA already knew about
Iran's plans what was the point of
Israel's presentation therefore
well it does look as if according at
least to some spokespeople from the IAEA
and from the EU actually that that this
information was in fact information that
was already available and had been seen
by people involved in the negotiations
with Iran so the only conclusion you can
draw from that is that this was likely a
part of an operation to try and bounce
the u.s. to try and give credibility to
Donald Trump's efforts his his apparent
plan to walk out walk away from the from
the treaty with Iran so it seems it
seems a reasonable assumption to make
that that is actually what was behind
this effort by Benjamin Netanyahu in a
statement today around said it isn't
going to make any changes to the nuclear
pact do you think that's in any way
likely to influence Donald Trump as his
May 12 deadline gets closer yes I think
it may do and I think you know it's a
very very dangerous situation that's
developing I mean if if if Trump makes
that decision then we are in a
completely new scenario in the Middle
East because there's a clearly growing
tension between on the one hand the
Saudis rail us axis on the other hand
Iran Hezbollah Assad and with their
Russian supporters so you know this
would be a big a big step backwards in
terms of the sort of the state of
affairs in in the Middle East then it
would be a step further towards what is
in danger of becoming a regional war in
the area so the stakes really are very
very high here and you know it is one of
the few the deal with Iran was one of
the few successes of foreign policy in
the region it was one of the things that
has actually served to kind of create at
least the hope that some of the problems
in the region could be resolved if
that's broken we're in very very dead
dangerous terror
sorry we're just fleshing that out from
Tehran's point of view how do you expect
a run to react if come May the 12th just
over a week's time the u.s. pulls out of
the nuclear deal well I mean I hope they
they respond with with with you know
patience and sort of understanding of
the situation but I mean it seems to me
it would be a real provocative
provocation to the government in Iran
because they do feel obviously they're
demonized and it is a regime that has
been put on the list of rogue states
it's a regime that has been vilified by
the Western powers and you know this
would be a real they've made some
concessions there has been a serious
what appears to be a serious process of
negotiation and compromise and an ending
it apparently to the nuclear program so
you know I mean it's it's it will be
very hard for them the temptation for
them to react in a way to you know get
back onto the nuclear program to make
kind of you know belligerent noises I
can see is very very strong
Chris thanks so much for your thoughts
this hour Chris nine and founder member
and national officer to stop the world
correlation in the Union
