all calm for the moment however those
clashes we saw between the police and
the protesters have been some of the
most from bumptious intense clashes I've
seen in the last 15 months or so in
France I just want to give you a sense
of what sort of damage has been created
from those clashes and not just the
clashes but the damage that was caused
by the protesters the police had warned
early on Tuesday morning ahead of these
May Day protests that they thought there
were going to be hijacked by anti
capitalists by anti-fascists and they
were indeed that they came out in their
hundreds ready with their gear their
safety gear to be able to protect
themselves from the teargas the masks
just have a look at this this is one of
the vehicles that they burnt still
smoking there and just behind it the
plumes of smoke that came up from this
vehicle huge product plumes of smoke at
went up and just completely must this
block of apartments where people were
living protesters were damaging and
smashing items up across this part of
Paris and the police had let them be
however when they came and when they
started the fires here and when these
apartment blocks were put in danger then
the police intervened and we were caught
in that crossfire here's what happened
she's now starting the police I look
over there you'll see the teargas is
coming up to us
the police moving in and that's because
just behind us there is a fire going on
the demonstrators have put fire to a
vehicle and the motorbike and as you can
see smoke
well as you might have gathered we've
just been in the middle of what was
quite a large clash between the police
and the protesters just look behind me
this is one of the tracks with the water
cannons and you can see the shandar now
coming down and you can see some of the
water on the foam that's been on the
ground to try and push these protesters
back take a look behind me and I
actually trying to barricade themselves
up now that's after they set fire to
what looked like a JCB in fact it's
still on fire over there in the distance
how the processes did is if you just
turn around a little bit more I come
with me and have a look this you may see
this big plume of dark smoke coming up
here and the protesters what they did is
they lit fire to what seemed to be some
sort of motorbike and a car jollity
Penske RT Paris and France was not the
only country to witness unrest between
police and protesters both Turkey and
Greece also saw their Labor Day rallies
turned violent in Germany made a rallies
also resulted in clashes between
demonstrators and the authorities
scuffles broke out between the police
and anti-fascist activists in Berlin
after 10,000 people attended the March
despite it not being authorized more
than 5,000 officers were deployed to
control the March
