Iran lied everything we thought we knew
about its nuclear ambitions was wrong
according to the Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu we've known for years
that Iran had a secret nuclear weapons
program called Project Ahmad the
evidence
well that lies in this filing cabinets
allegedly thousands of documents and CDs
half a ton to be precise proving
conclusively Tehran misled the world
about its nuclear plans both before and
after the 2015 agreement hailing this as
a significant development and great
intelligence achievement that in Yahoo
was sure Iran has one reason and one
reason only to hide this information why
would a terrorist regime hide and
meticulously catalog did secret nuclear
files if not to use them at a later date
a state hiding its nuclear weapons
program what other country would do such
a thing some will remember Netanyahu's
2012 UN speech and the cartoon bomb
Iran's foreign ministry has already
cooled his presentation a propaganda
show but the issue here is also a
serious one since the onsets Netanyahu
has been an ardent critic of the Iran
agreement so this is a terrible deal
I think this deal is a bad bad bad bad
bad bad deal it should never have been
concluded and in a few days time
President Trump will decide we'll make a
decision on what to do with the nuclear
deal I'm sure you'll do the right thing
the right thing for the United States
the right thing for Israel and the right
thing for the Peace of the world this
development comes at a crucial time for
this international framework in less
than two weeks President Trump will
decide the future course of US action
it's likely to differ strongly from the
other members of the five plus one group
despite last week's niceties during
President macrons visit to the States so
far
Trump has kept his cards close to his
chest s-- we'll see what happens his
favorite phrase whatever does come about
on may the 12th there's an Yahoo will do
all he
and to convince the world that scrapping
the deal is the right way forward even
at the cost of years of negotiations and
the delicate regional power balance well
as Daniel mentioned it took a lot of
time to close the Iran deal in 2015
Tehran agreed to sprint limits on its
nuclear program and to open its
facilities for monitoring in return some
international sanctions against the
country were lifted well the White House
has agreed with the Israeli prime
ministers saying Iran has a robust
nuclear weapons program that it has
tried and failed to hide from the world
but the European Union's foreign policy
chief released a statement on Monday
responding to Netanyahu's presentation
federica mogherini said the EU must
consider the details of Netanyahu's
claims and get the assessment of the
International Atomic Energy Agency she
also noted the agency has published ten
reports certifying that Iran has fully
complied with its commitments or
political science professor dr. Majid
Batra says the claims of the Israeli
prime minister are unjustified it's a
masterpiece show by Netanyahu and this
is not the first one he is in no
position to talk and criticize any
country planning to have nuclear weapons
the non-proliferation treaty decline he
refused to sign it repeatedly Germany
has responded immediately that had press
release saying that it's going to
examine those documents they are sure
that Iran is abiding to the its deal the
only one is Trump who's not convinced or
wants to pull out and he's provoked by
Netanyahu for a well known reason
