sir
sorry
let's see how long they've got myself up
on it about the a single D he may
believe she'll have maybe not the same
my trebuchet he nothing to me which
might destroy the communities leaving
tonight we're going to show you
something that the world has never seen
before tonight we're gonna reveal new
and conclusive proof of the secret
nuclear weapons problem that Iran is
been hiding for years from the
international community in its secret
atomic parka we're going to show you he
wants secret nuclear fire you may well
know that Iran's leaders pursuing
nuclear weapons listen to Iran's supreme
leader Ali Khamenei
mom's president possibly nuclear weapons
and other weapons of mass destruction
have no place in our long security and
defense topic and contradict our
fundamental religious and ethical
convictions
this is repeated by you one thing here
on live victim after signing the nuclear
deal and 2015 Iran intensified its
efforts to hide its secret number four
in 2017 Iman moves its nuclear weapons
far more highly secret location in
terror this is a short distance
solitaire on
this is where they kept the atomic hasta
right here few Romanians knew where it
was very few and also she was very now
from the outside this was an
innocent-looking compound
dilapidated where else but from the
inside it contains Vaughn's secret
atomic archives locked and massive power
bigger than a few weeks ago in the great
intelligence achievement Israel obtained
half a ton of the material inside these
vaults and here's what we got 55,000
pages
another 55,000 files on 183 CDs
everything you're about to see is an
exact copy of the original Romanian
material you may want to know where are
the originals
well I can say they're now in a very
safe place these what the files included
incriminating documents incriminating
charts he's included any presentation
incriminating bloopers incriminating
photos incriminating videos and more
we've shared this material with the
United States and the United States in
vouch for its authenticity
we will also split share it with other
countries and we'll share it with the
International Atomic Energy Agency so
let me tell you the history of this
major he's known for years said Iran had
a secret nuclear weapons program called
Project them up we can now prove that
project Ahmad was a comprehensive
program and design build and vestibule
others we can also prove that Iman is
secretly soaring project manager to use
the time of its chose to develop nuclear
weapons different project Ahmad's
explicit goals creating nuclear weapons
this is an original Iranian
presentations from these father and his
solution stick
the sign produce and test five warheads
each with ten kiloton cpu for
integration on a missile you don't have
to read Farsi the C ten kilotons in D
this is the specific goal project among
that's like slide the eruption of bombs
to be put on ballistic missiles this is
an original Iranian spreadsheet from the
archives a project amount look at what
it has little cake production center
fuel enrichment process warhead positive
simulation project and test and indeed
when we analyzed what's in these
archives we found that Marvin c'mon
and all the five elements the five key
elements of the nuclear weapons for
politics on one level the first one
government is designing nuclear weapons
this is an original Romanian
illustration of what again you don't
have to eat parsley to understand this
this is 235 that's a situation right
here at the ball that's the only place
where you find in the poor enriched
uranium and here's an Iranian simulation
original Romanian simulation putting all
these components together that's the
person
seven people developing a nuclear force
here's a photo showing the casting
process and a cast metal core from the
archive and it's a secret underground
facility the readings were building to
produce nuclear core we have hundreds of
documents from each of these components
circuit book building nuclear and
bulletin systems this is an original
Romanian photo of a measuring device for
Moses and here's a simulation of a
nuclear emulsion preparing nuclear tests
gives a map of five potential patients
for a nuclear test in history one one
two three four five we have many many
more such documents and since
integrating nuclear weapons and missiles
gives the design for a nuclear payload
and shahab-3 missile from the archive
and I don't have to remind you of it
that you want is continue expanding the
range of its position its nuclear
capable missile they started with the
thousand dollars to help mm pumping take
and reach we are Tel Aviv Moscow but
they're working on far far greater
ranges they're planning a much longer
range missile carry lives or weapons
so these files conclusively prove that
Iran is reasonably live when it says it
never had a nuclear weapons program
the Bob zmuda so here's what happened
next
Yvonne was faced with mounting pressure
in 2003 remember that that was falling
developable so it was forced to shell
pocket them up but it didn't show this
nuclear ambitions so Iran devised a plan
to do defense first to preserve an
internal hub for project amuck and
second to further develop its nuclear
weapons-related capabilities that plan
came directly from Iran stoppage there's
another document from the archive this
is following the new directive of Iran's
Ministry of Defense mr. Shah Pahlavi
today's the director
the national security companies
following the new directive of Iran's
Minister of Defense the work would be
splitted into two parts
covert and over a key part of the plan
was to form new organizations to
continue the work this is how tough
normal sympathies are there a project
about remember that name with it's like
it and he says but generally is to
announce the program project Ahmad but
then he has special activities then
whatever's special activities will be
carried out under the time of scientific
know-how development and in fact this is
exactly what Iran's proceeded to do it
continued this work in a series of
organizations over the years and today
in 2010 the 2018 this work is carried
out by safar that's an organization
inside Iran's defense missile and given
will not be surprised to hear that some
bond is left by the same person on that
project come up of the puppies are there
and also not coincidentally many of the
bonds key personnel worked under fucking
severe my brother's Imam
so this atomic archive clearly shows did
Yvonne plan at the highest level to
continue work related to nuclear weapons
under different sizes and using
personnel I will give you another
example of Iran's nuclear
weapons-related activities that
continued after public tomas won't
remember the four built facility each
other for dough can be made enrichment
facility this was a secret underground
enrichment facility the Iranian spill
under an optic he don't put thousands of
centrifuges under a mountain to produce
medical isotopes you look in there for
one these nuclear weapons in which the
four nucleotides but the FA's show that
for dole was designed from the get-go
for nuclear weapons it's part of this
project Imam use in a way they were
Iranian and what happened was that Biman
continue to build for those years
secretly years after budget amount ended
here's what it looks like
that's the engines those under money
they also will not be surprised at
Yvonne insisted on ticket for them
and amazingly the nuclear didn't enable
did you know in able to do
but this game with a hitch Yvonne was
required by the IAEA to come clean by
the nuclear deal to come clean to the
International Atomic Energy Agency upon
its nuclear program this was an explicit
condition for implementing the nuclear
deal Iran has to come clean so in
December 2015 the IAEA published its
final assessment of what it called the
military aspects of Iran's nuclear
program this is a report this was Iran's
chance to fully come clean to the idea
it intelligent if it said we had this
program a secret program it's over at
the shelter it doesn't exist we
destroyed the Majer here's what Iran
actually told the Army is it said Iman
denied the existence of a coordinated
program into the development of a
nuclear explosive device and
specifically denied and this
specifically denied the existence of the
Ahmad plan the material proves otherwise
that Iran authorized initiated and
funded project among a coordinated
program aimed at the development of a
nuclear explosive device here's another
document from the archive this is a
master plan of Part F Dima Ahmad he
wants it to the IAA the org has been
conducted with that bulky pointed issue
this is
initiation the God forgiveness is
darkened the scientific terminology is
something that is necessary to
understand the production of nuclear
weapons but here's what they say
no harm has been conducted with FBI
technology in an aspherical geometry but
again the archive shows that this is a
complete fabrication he want conducted
extensive work with FBI technology and
hemispherical geology here's an example
hundreds of born up in this brutal Iman
said to the agency that they did not
conducted metallurgical work
specifically designed for a nuclear
device but the files again show that
this is a lot Iran conducted extensive
benefit to the world specifically
designed for a nuclear device
rejuvenating for plenty more in the in
the archive so when I show you tonight
it's just a fraction of the drawing
materials that we have but even from
this sentence you could walk for main
conclusion first Iran lied about never
having the nuclear weapons for 100,000
secret files
second even after the Iran continued to
preserve and expand its nuclear weapons
knobs for future use while the terrace
regime hide and meticulously catalog
if not to use them in the nuclear deal
gives Iran the clear path to an atomic
arsenal it does so because it gives them
the three components that are necessary
to produce this Arsenal first unlimited
emission is in a few years
advanced centrifuges with which they can
reach mountains for uranium for that
core that I thought before for many many
such goals second it completely fails to
address he wants development of
continued development of ballistic myth
and third and the to do it completely
fails to impress you want secret nuclear
bomb program and its advanced work and
weaponization we just did so this is a
terrible deal
it should never have been concluded and
a few days time rather than drop with
the side will make a decision on what to
do with in Imperial I'm sure you'll do
the right thing the right thing for the
United States the right thing for Israel
and the right thing for the piece of the
movie the second will be be much
appreciated on the other side I suppose
that beyond the solution of money
homeowners in examine the adenosine is
possible in Malawi dismiss for him
missing so the Navajo attic a muscle be
healed
Marina
