the soldiers were brutally shooting
people an old man got shot in front of
me he was protesting peacefully and not
throwing any stones and he got shot with
an explosive bullet I spent six hours in
surgery
and then one week in the intensive care
unit and I didn't think my leg would be
like this I couldn't feel it
I had fractured bones and my legs kept
bleeding out I wasn't aware that it
would be amputated it seems like my
relatives told the doctors not to tell
me that I was an athlete I used to play
multiple sports and I used to play for
the Palestinian Union replying to a
request for comment from RT the Israeli
Defense Forces said that issued repeated
warnings to Palestinians approaching the
border fence they also cite their duty
to prevent threats against the country
and for another young Palestinian who
dreamt of becoming a football star his
encounter with the IDF was life-altering
- during my football career I hoped to
be one of the best players in Gaza after
this injury my football career is over
the Israeli response was with live fire
during the protest I was filming myself
to post it later which I have the right
to do while I was filming a sniper shot
me in the knee and it was dislocated
I was targeted without warning I wasn't
a threat to the soldiers at all if God
helps me I will be able to have surgery
and hold the Palestinian flag high in
the European countries my dream is to
participate in the European League well
as we heard before the IDF has denied
claims it uses excessive force however
there's been a global backlash over the
Israeli military's response to the
demonstrations in Gaza since the end of
March the soldiers have religion killed
43 Palestinians including four children
during that period
