the world anti-doping agency has
released a report on violations in 2016
featuring some pretty shocking
revelations Italy France and the US were
named as the worst offenders while
Russia which has been severely punished
over doping allegations in the last
couple of years at number 6 we gauged
reaction in Paris and New York
if I was going to say to you what
country do you think was the number one
doping violator in 2016 which country
would you name Russia Russia Russia
maybe between America and Russia I'm not
quite sure I would guess Russia be at
the top of the list Russia China nope
Russia Russia so what would you say then
if I told you that Russia was not the
top violator in terms of anti-doping it
there weren't even the second the third
the fourth or the fifth but they were
actually six in the report what would
you say to that
it's faint news wow that's surprising to
me I thought Russia would be one of the
top ones to be honest but I guess it's
just what the reporters nowadays focus
on is just easy news for them isn't it
well I watch the news but I guess that's
all you hear about maybe it's just a
sort of Western take on things trying to
paint the enemy and I think there was a
long history of us blaming them for it
certainly it makes me wonder if you can
like trust on the newspaper what they're
writing but at the beginning of February
28th Russian athletes were officially
cleared of doping and just a couple of
days ago it was revealed that a grigory
brought chenkov the main informant in
the entire doping case against Russia
suddenly failed to confirm a number of
his allegations he now says that he
didn't see the distribution of any
so-called drug cocktail nor did he
witness any athletes taking such a thing
sports lawyer Lucian Vilonia thinks this
is a defeat and embarrassment for wada
his credibility is totally destroyed so
we he was not able to convince the
judges and that means he was not able to
back up the McCleary
was which was the basis for all these
allegations over all these years I think
this is now a big defeat for IOC for the
father for McLaren report I think this
is a big big defeat it's really a mess
what happened and all these athletes
they are the weak team of a very bad
management of these cases and I think
one should think about reimbursing these
athletes for having suffered so much
