Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel says
the existing agreement with Iran is not
sufficient to curb its nuclear program
the announcement came during the press
conference following her meeting with US
President Donald Trump yet previously
Merkel had stressed the importance of
preserving the current nuclear deal with
Iran the Iran deal is not sufficient to
see that Iran's ambitions are curbed and
contained it is most important to
recognize that Iran through its
ballistic missile program is trying to
exert geopolitical influence in Syria
and Lebanon and we have to see to it
that this attempted influence is curbed
is contained and that beyond the Iran
deal that reliability can be established
we believe it's better to have this
agreement even if it's not perfect than
to have no agreement we'll continue to
discuss this but Germany will watch very
closely to ensure that this agreement
will be honored Middle East expert Paul
aroo believes the current agreement is
achieving the aim of preventing Iran
from developing a nuclear arsenal the
Iran deal is working right now in
curbing Iran's nuclear ambitions and
that was the intention of the deal the
Iran deal wasn't intended or designed to
curb other ambitions that Iran might
have in the region if the German
Chancellor keeps her focus on what the
joint comprehensive plan of agreement is
intended for which is just the Iranian
nuclear program then you know she would
hopefully realize that it's a good deal
and it's working
I hope that President Trump would not
try and exert any geopolitical influence
or you know any type of economic
influence Brian get others to abandon
you know the support for the deal
because you know as I keep saying it's a
good deal it's working you know there
was four different ways that Iran could
have pursued nuclear weapons if it
decided that's what it wanted to do and
all four ways have been cursed
