let's head to the Middle East now where
three people have been confirmed dead
and 955 others wounded this is in the
latest Palestine anti-occupation rallies
in Gaza that information coming from the
Palestinian Health Ministry the protests
they are part of the six week long great
march of return
in the past minutes we received at least
10 people with severe injuries to the
stomach neck and head they will die any
minute the ambulances are still carrying
hundreds of injured people to the
hospitals there is a lack of medicine
and medical equipment in the hospitals
and they are crowded we are in the
Central Hospital in Gaza Strip where
this hospital receive all the injuries
from the fence fence area from the five
locations that are protesting ere the
fifth Friday of the great great much of
return and today's Friday is titled as
the youth rebels where youth are
protesting the this Friday and this is
another injury that came just right now
from the fence there have been severe
injuries in the head in in the legs so
as you see this is another ambulance of
skin just right now from Malacca near
defense and as you see this ambulance
has at least four Palestinians that have
been injured what happened right now
near the fences of at least 2000
Palestinian protesters tried to
interfere and break the defense and what
happened is this really forces and
reacted there violently and they started
to shoot on these Palestinian protesters
for broke the Front's according to
Palestinian Minister of Health at least
20 Palestinians are severe critical
conditions and they can declare their
death in any any minute you can see
images from the ground showing
journalists covering the rallies have
also been injured over the past month 40
Palestinians have been killed more than
5000 have been wounded according to UN
estimates
