public golf club in pennsylvania has
apologized to five black women for
calling the police on them they were
kicked off the grounds after the corner
of the club and his father complained
that the women were playing too slowly
it's the latest in a series of incidents
where african-americans have been
arrested or asked to leave a public
facility in the US on Sunday a black
woman was arrested on a Waffle House in
Alabama for refusing to pay for plastic
utensils the video of her arrest shows
officers wrestling her to the floor
threatening to break her arm and
exposing her naked body
another case happened two weeks ago at a
Starbucks cafe in Philadelphia staff
there called the police and two black
men because they had not placed an order
and wanted to use the restroom that
sparked a wave of anti racism protests
in response the CEO of Starbucks ordered
all restaurants to close from mandatory
anti-racism training and following a
nationwide campaign against the coffee
chain earlier we spoke with a columnist
and author Dave Perkins and human rights
activist run these shorts for the
ongoing controversy racism in
institutions is real and the prejudice
is real that's a fact
we need to care about America as an
entire society and look after everyone
if we don't do this we're going to have
worse problems I have enormous
difficulty accepting the idea that this
young lady trying to run her Starbucks
in Philadelphia spends time thinking
about class and segregation and trying
to target black people she's trying to
run the restaurant and she's trying to
ban peun order and keep the business
working and not let people take
advantage of her who guys loitering and
not purchasing products from a store
while using their facilities how do you
stop that
happening again but I don't think that
little girl running the Starbucks as
best she can reluctantly calling the
police sighing saying loitering again
he's thinking about using loitering laws
against black people yes there are
people that are belligerent in
businesses yes they're folks out of
order some of them are black but I've
worked with a lot of white drunks in my
day and they don't get handled quite the
same way this is a than men and five
women together play very slowly and the
entire conference is waiting for them to
do it it's the fact that they are slow
as long as people pretend that injustice
and mistreatment of people is okay as
long as it does not impact them that is
the problem with the majority it they
lack an understanding that it can be us
today and it can be them tomorrow now
this is where I asked myself the
question at what point do you treat
black people like ordinary people and
subject them to ordinary rules of
society at what point do you stop taking
every incident as racism and start
evaluating them as human beings and how
they're acting that's my question
