Merve incidents involving
african-americans being arrested or
asked to leave public facilities in the
US has led to protests by anti racism
campaigners three such incidents have
occurred in only the last two weeks
first one happened in at a Philadelphia
Starbucks where two black men were
arrested after being told to leave
because they had not placed an order
another case took place at a Golf Club
in York Pennsylvania where five black
women were asked to leave for playing
too slowly the club later apologized
then at a Waffle House a diner in
Alabama an African American woman was
wrestled to the floor and arrested for
allegedly belligerent behavior the video
of her arrest has gone viral the CEO of
Starbucks ordered all restaurants to
closed for mandatory anti-racism
training following a nationwide campaign
against the coffee chain earlier we
asked economists and offered gave
Perkins and human rights activist Randy
short to weigh in on the controversy
racism in institutions is real and the
prejudice is real that's a fact we need
to care about America as an entire
society and look after everyone if we
don't do this we're going to have worse
problems
- guys loitering and not purchasing
products from the store while using
their facilities how do you stop that
from happening again I think there are a
lot of cases where people are overboard
in terms of responding to people of
different races that they perhaps could
dial it back but I don't think that
little girl running the Starbucks as
best she can reluctantly calling the
police
sighing saying loitering again is
thinking about using loitering laws
against black people yes they're people
that the literate and distances yes
they're folks out of order some of them
are black but I've worked with a lot of
white drunks in my day and they don't
get handled quite the same way this is a
fact this is a problem that businesses
are entitled to deal with especially
those that serve the public in a way
with limited space and a lot of turnover
yes they're entitled to say you need to
either order something or leave as long
as people pretend that injustice
and mistreatment of people is okay as
long as it does not impact them that is
the problem with the majority it they
lack an understanding that it can be us
today and it can be them tomorrow now
this is where I asked myself the
question at what point do you treat
black people like ordinary people and
subject them to ordinary rules of
society at what point do you stop taking
every incident as racism and start
evaluating them as human beings and how
they're acting that's my question
