where is journalist Jamal hisagi what
happened to him for an entire week
nobody has been able to answer that
question investigators on the ground who
might be the closest to solving the
riddle believe he could have been
brutally murdered behind the walls of
the Saudi consulate in Istanbul alleged
details of how it was done include
sending over a 15 man hit squad from the
kingdom to make sure the man's dead
anchor was shocked something so
horrendous could have happened in
Istanbul this person is a journalist he
went to the consulate to complete the
paperwork needed to marry his fiancee
his fiancee stayed outside the consulate
he went in alone who was responsible for
demonstrating that this person made his
way out of the building
obviously the consulate is responsible
for that don't you have cameras there of
course you do so you have to prove that
he left the place why don't you do that
you should prove it
riad says it's got nothing to do with it
all the claims are absolute lies an
official at the consulate general of the
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in Istanbul
dismissed the report by Reuters which
cited Turkish officials that Saudi
citizen Jamal khashoggi was killed in
the consulate in Istanbul the official
strongly denounced these baseless
allegations and expressed his doubt that
they came from Turkish officials they
were informed of the investigation who
are authorized to comment on the issue
Saudi kingdom's transparency record has
been poor to say the least but in a rare
display of openness their officials even
invited Reuters on a tour around the
consulate jamal haji lives and works in
the US but to obtain a license to get
married he had to see Saudi officials
he's definitely been to the consulate
twice on September the 28th and last
Tuesday that was when he disappeared now
here's what's crucial mr. Haji writes
about the Saudi government and it's not
exactly glowing actually had been
worried something bad could happen to
him before the second visit to the
consulate
Ernests left his cellphone with his
fiancee with instructions on what to do
if he didn't come out soon the woman
called Turkish police four hours later
when Jamal was nowhere to be seen
Saudi officials say his stay at the
compound was very short they're sure the
journalists vanished once he stepped
outside now they're looking for him too
mr. hachoo geez fiance is full of hope
he's not been killed but kidnapped
rather the story's been picked up by
media all over the world one of the
newspapers Jamal wrote for the
Washington Post came out with a blank
column where they were supposed to print
his piece but that hasn't helped there's
been no trace of the men I am concerned
about it I don't like hearing about it
and hopefully that will sort itself out
right now nobody knows anything about it
this is outrageous that he's been
somehow disappeared the administration
needs to demand his release it is
absolutely unacceptable and a further
sign that this crackdown on free speech
is getting more serious we should
probably be rethinking the political and
military blank check we've been giving
the Saudis what if the journalists never
found alive Donald Trump's latest Saul
related comments have already made
Washington rillette relations somewhat
complicated the disappearance and the
possible murder of Jamal Hajji may well
make them much more tricky we asked to
Turkish Affairs expert hi Cohen Yan
outro chunk and Yasin oktai from the
country's ruling AKP party for their
thoughts on the case the two states are
not willing to escalate the situation
today the Turkish Foreign Ministry asked
the turkey Saudi consulate to open the
gates of the council so that they can
get in in order to search for wreckage
shipshape we still don't have any
evidences yeah
we can't exclude the possibility that a
third party was involved in this case
after all the current situation is not
beneficial for either Turkey or Saudi
Arabia Saudi Arabia has no interest in
having such a thing take place in
Turkish territory
mr. Jamil Khashoggi was sure of this he
constantly worked to promote the
development of relations between Turkey
and Saudi Arabia
that's why Saudi Arabia couldn't have
wanted this to happen in the same way
that Turkey wouldn't have wanted it
either Turkey striving to preserve
Turkish Saudi relations that's on the
one hand but on the other Turkey is
extremely sensitive about this incident
because it damages its reputation and
status
you
