a Liverpool football fan is critically
ill in hospital right now after clashes
with Italian fans ahead of a game in the
English city on Tuesday two Roma
supporters are under arrest on suspicion
of attempted murder I got more details
earlier from Artie's Alexia Reshevsky in
a 2018 semi-final the Champions League
we're not talking about the brilliance
of Mohamed Salah or Roberto Firmino or
even late comeback from Roma we're
talking about football violence again
that's after a set of Roma supporters
attacked Liverpool supporters outside of
Anfield the stadium and Liverpool
allegedly carrying batons belts and even
sledgehammers and now one fifty
three-year-old
Irishman a fan of Liverpool instead of
celebrating a beautiful 5-2 win he is in
hospital fighting for his life in a
critical condition the Merseyside police
in Liverpool are investigating this as
an attempted murder and two men from
Rome 25 and 26 years of age have been
arrested as for reaction obviously two
clubs have issued statements with AS
Roma websites condemning the violence in
the strongest terms possible UEFA saying
that it was deeply shocked by the
violence outside of the stadium in
Liverpool which is bizarre because they
should have just looked into the past
and so how six fans of Liverpool was
stabbed by Roma fans in 2001 there have
been other cases of violence perpetrated
by this particular club fans and now I'm
going to Rome next week for the away leg
does this kind of reaction we can sell
me by no means and all this happens as
we remember fifty days before the World
Cup and every single day we're hearing
stories about the Russian hooligans the
threat of Russian hooligans that English
fans should not be travelling to the
World Cup because they will get in
trouble with Russian hooligans almost as
if you know these newspapers and these
writers do not acknowledge the fact that
hooliganism is a universal problem and
speaking of which we are running a
documentary throughout the day on RT
called football beasts and let's watch a
clip of that
you never know what's around the corner
you never know what's in the pub leaning
on people it's that excitement it's that
not knowing that's where they are
draining English country
I'm just stabbed I got my redstone
second of the Gotama a toteal my
nickytom a shiny theory amass you know
performance in function
really problema Pulitzer the agility
vanish maenam children Manaka and more
and get down far let's finish start
