when angela merkel meets on friday with
Donald Trump in Washington one of the
aims for the Chancellor will be the show
the president how sanctions against
Russia are impacting business in her
country the German government will point
out where the interests of German
companies have been affected and make it
clear where there are concerns and where
we see undesirable consequences it's
estimated 40 percent of Western losses
since sanctions were imposed on Moscow
have been German an industry starting to
ring the alarm bell the German economy
is facing damage in the short term to
the extent of more than 100 million
euros and in the long term projects a
total value as several billion euros may
be threatened it's not just about bottom
lines and balance sheets for Angela
Merkel though public opinion at home
there's also a big factor when you look
at a recent poll that shows that a
significant chunk of Germans view the
United States as the biggest threat to
world security not Russia the vast
majority of those polled said that they
weren't scared of Russia while almost
half of those said that they blamed the
current tensions between the west and
Russia on the United States with only a
quarter saying that Moscow was
responsible for the current impasse
while almost 80 percent said that they
felt that Donald Trump was a bigger
threat to global security than Vladimir
Putin armed with portraits of the two
leaders I set out onto the streets of
Berlin to ask people who they thought
was the most dangerous Trump or Putin
both of them are unpredictable but Trump
is even less predictable and he does not
represent Western political goals I
don't know what he represents except
himself Champa Putin I would say it's
equal but one day eating the grass is
yellow
tomorrow comments I know I make I like
red and that's why you hear this from
Putin No
no go to the attention man very good
I'd say Trump because he's unpredictable
Putin has been in politics for many many
years I think he has a way more stable
course but I think Donald Trump is way
more unpredictable and that's quite
interesting especially with kim jung-eun
in the north korea these two yeah they
would do great in kindergarten as Angela
Merkel looks to maintain pressure on
Moscow she may well find herself under
scrutiny at home over just how willing
she is to risk damage to German business
in order to keep the pressure on Peter
Oliver RT Berlin
