diets are continuing to grow over claims
of a chemical weapons attack in the
Syrian city of Douma earlier this month
a number of Western journalists who
traveled to the city say they are
struggling to find eyewitnesses to
confirm the reports I discussed the
story with artis senior correspondent
Murad
Gustav if you were expecting any
concrete evidence of Assad's culpability
or even any such suggestion well you
were in for a disappointment we're just
coming back from in town about five
kilometers from here and it has
approximately 20,000 people who have
fled from Eastern Goethe and above all
Duma the people there are telling us
very persuasively that this whole story
from April the 7th was staged there are
many people I talked to amid the ruins
of the town who said that they never
believed in gas stories which they
usually put about they claimed by the
armed Islamist groups these are serious
journalists that we're talking about
Robert Fisk a reporter from the
independent he has decades of experience
in the Middle East
he went to East guta to Duma spoke to
lure locals and witnesses and doctors
working at the medical facility all of
them told him they didn't know anyone
who had suffered in this attack who had
been a victim all they know is that
someone said something about chemical
attacks as a reporter German reporter
from ZDF as there's this trend of people
journalists coming out and say hold on
maybe we got this wrong and invariably
they faced backlash if they go against
what the media has been saying for weeks
and weeks now trumpeting that Assad did
this suddenly if you say hold on a
second
they come right after you there was a
retired British general who was on Sky
News I believe and he said you know it
doesn't make sense for acid to have done
this well look what happened to him what
possible motive might have triggered
Syria to launch a chemical attack at
this time in this place
you know the Syrians winning and then
suddenly you okay I'm very sorry you've
been very patiently waiting for us but
we do need to leave it there I'm very
sorry thank you very much indeed
it just seems like many in Western media
in Western governments already have
their minds made up they've decided they
know what is what has happened look at
the United States backed by Britain and
France it launched an attack on Syria
mere hours before OPCW specialists with
due to arrive on the scene on that point
the OPCW organisation for the
prohibition of chemical weapons there
had been criticism that at why weren't
they in dumit they're there now right
yeah they arrived on Saturday they've
collected samples but the jutsu the how
they work their procedures they're all
very hush-hush so there isn't a lot of
information where did the claims
originate from where's the story coming
up from well all-pro rebels sources the
first one was the white helmets which
largely financed by Western governments
Pro rebel actors rescuers for rebel
fighters they released videos from the
hospital showing them thousand people
with water allegedly the victims of a
chemical attack then there was the
Syrian American Medical Society which is
financed again by the United States the
tune of hundreds of millions of dollars
and they claimed that they treated five
hundred people with symptoms of exposure
to chemical agents it's these two
sources that were cited by almost the
entirety of the media and governments
they was their reports and their videos
that went out nevertheless with growing
opinion growing views witnesses
testimony that nothing such happened you
know you've got a question where they
got this from were where this
information and why this information
appeared in the first place nevertheless
the Russian position is that we
shouldn't jump to conclusions we should
wait until there's hard facts with which
we can you know come to a judgment
you
