in an influential Islamic preacher
convicted of hate speech in France has
been deported after his appeal to the
European Court of Human Rights was
rejected al-hadi Doody was sent back to
Algeria on Friday following his
conviction for provoking hatred towards
Jews Shiites and women in public
speeches he reportedly made slurs
against Jewish people and argued that
women should not have the right to even
leave their homes without permission
well police had warned the Imam posed a
significant threat as his speeches
encourages acts of terror we put the
issue up for debate people who come into
the United Kingdom you know France
European Union have to sign up to the
values of tolerance and respect the
respect for different faiths different
ways of life it wasn't obeying any kind
of laws within Europe freedom of
movement our free speech he wanted to
deny people that the issue is you can't
be talking about freedom of speech and
integrity and then actually silence
people I will defend your right to free
speech but when that free speech is
there to promote the Denine of others
their rights then that's when the actual
boundaries become stopped because you
cannot have say to somebody you have
free speech well that in that free
speech you're just trying to deny all
the people that right and one of the
problems we've got is what we don't see
our justice system being dealt with
properly and dealing with various
justices and getting rid of that we see
a number of extremists who are involved
in terrorism or supporting terrorism now
behind bars the justice system is
working because those people are being
caught and being put behind bars we've
got the extremists here who we cannot
deport back to their own countries well
so you seen inconsistent they're not if
you demonize Muslims if you demonize
Muslims and Islam and you call it a
cancer and you call as cockroaches and
that sort of thing should also be called
out
