North Korea is halting all missile
launches with immediate effect and
shutting down the country's nuclear test
site the country's leader Kim jong-un
made that announcement at a party
meeting according to the state news
agency
now that nuclearization is complete and
verified circumstances we do not need
any further nuclear tests medium
long-range and intercontinental missile
tests well for more on this we can now
cross live to RT Samira Khan hi there
Samir Amin could you tell us more about
this announcement from Kim jong-un and
what led up to it well they will be
suspending all nuclear and ballistic
missile tests and like you said shutting
down its nuclear testing site and in its
official announcement the DPRK noted
that this is an important step towards
global nuclear disarmament which is
apparently the ultimate goal and why
they were willing to join the
international team nuclearization effort
in the first place now the ruling party
released a statement outlining six
crucial decisions but to quickly
summarize the DPRK will be focusing on
building a strong socialist economy
intensifying dialogue with neighboring
countries and fortifying its presence in
the international community
now this remarkable development comes
shortly after North Korean leader Kim
Jong Un's meeting with secretary of
state to be Mike Pompeo and right before
his meeting with his South Korean
counterpart that's scheduled for next
week now Trump who's been planning to
meet with Kim jong-un
welcomed the move tweeting that it's
quote good news for the world and he's
quote looking forward to meeting him
however it's worth for mining that when
Trump initially announced his
willingness to talk to Kim after months
of intense back-and-forth the domestic
media harshly criticized his diplomatic
effort to engage in political dialogue
arguing that there was a reason other US
presidents of the past refused to sit
down with Kim so it'll be interesting to
see how the US media reacts to this will
e applaud Trump will they give him any
credit or will they just divert to
Russia now considering that Nour North
Korea's various tests frighten the
international community in the
has even though normal no nuclear tests
were conducted since November this
latest move will likely provide us some
much-needed relief but given the history
of countries that have willingly
surrendered their WMDs we can only hope
that the u.s. truly welcomes this
decision today that waits to be seen
Arty's Samira Khan thank you very much
thank you
