to leave or to stay it's a tough one I
want to get out I want to bring our
trips back home I want to start
rebuilding our nation
we're in Syria to fight Isis that is our
mission and a mission isn't over and
we're going to complete that mission
America says it wants out of Syria but
not before its goals are accomplished
which could take a while and get real
dirty what do you do well that's what
friends are for we have asked our
partners to take greater responsibility
for securing their home region Saudi
Arabia it seems has volunteered for the
difficult task of sending troops to sit
on oil fields in eastern Syria
apparently Saudi Arabia has been
volunteering pretty hard and pretty long
we are in discussions with the US and
have been since the beginning of the
Syrian crisis about sending forces into
Syria now here's the thing those Arab
troops would have to be trained the US
could do it but no not after what
happened last time all the last times
the Iraqi forces just showed no will to
fight they were not outnumbered in fact
they vastly outnumbered the opposing
force and yet they failed to fight they
withdrew from the site we have an issue
with the will of the Iraqis to fight
ISIL and defend themselves so if the
Pentagon doesn't want to get involved
there's conveniently a third option Erik
Prince mercenaries are and soldier of
fortune extraordinaire the founder of
Blackwater yes V Blackwater the infamous
private military company whose
operations in Iraq resulted in it being
banned from the country only to
re-emerge under a new name
you engage with the past
there were dead bodies everywhere on the
street car in front of burning with two
people inside among the dead bodies
lying on the street to a child
coordinate on probably seven years old
prince was out of sight for a while
before resurfacing under Trump whom he
donated a quarter of a million dollars
to Prince says officials in the Middle
East have already contacted him about
assembling a force for Syria and with
John Bolton as the new national security
adviser one of the most radically
militant Hawks in Washington no one's
going to care about Prince's shady past
John Bolton is here we just had a big
it's a win win if you're unwilling to
occupy a hostile desert in a country
that doesn't want you there well
privatize it give you buddies a chance
to make a quick buck after all isn't
that what friends are for
