a video footage that was seen around the
world at the start of the month claimed
to show the aftermath of an alleged
chemical attack in Syria is now being
called into question a team of a team
from our sister channel RT Arabic
visited the town of Duma earlier rori
Suchet discussed what they saw with you
go she done off what we've seen so far
from this place wasn't much mostly it's
been a video released by the White House
activist group you look in it right now
it's shot in a hospital and it's shows
some truly heartbreaking pictures the
scenes of chaos of panic confused
children being hosed down with water
everything pointing at a potential
chemical attack but our arty Arabic crew
managed to talk to a boy who was
featured in this video of the white
helmets and he gave his account of
events in that hospital have a listen we
were outside and they told all of us to
go into the hospital I was immediately
taken upstairs and they started pouring
water on me do you remember where it
happened here with a hose where is it
here it is
we poured water on me they put me here
and then took me upstairs to my mother
where exactly upstairs the second floor
upstairs over there sorry the doctor
started filming us here they were
pouring water and taking videos then my
father came and found me someone had
told him we were here so he came and
took me away
Alma Cornelia Dino judean see I went
upstairs and saw my wife and children
and I was very surprised and asked for
that happened when my son's eyes were
red I found out that it was water but it
was cold he could have got sick he was
undressed when I took my son they at
first told me that they still needed him
but I still took him away from there the
boy is clearly in shock still to have to
go through something like this to go
through such terror at his age is
unthinkable really we've reached out to
the white helmets requesting a statement
of some reaction to what's being what's
being filmed in duma right now but we're
still to hear back from them he good as
I understand there was other footage
from the alleged scene of the attack
wasn't there yes indeed there was
another video released by another
activist and it is apparently from an
apartment building where the actual
chemical projectile the alleged chemical
projectile landed this is the initial
video that we're showing right now and
this is the project how we our crew
again managed to get inside this very
building so to the left you can see our
video and to the right is the original
one and initially how the media reacted
to the firstly released video well they
saw it as rock-solid evidence of a
chemical attack the chemical weapon that
killed dozens of civilians here
canisters that the Assad regime has
previously used in chemical attacks the
Assad regime has used the same yellow
gas canisters the NSC telling Fox News
they have a high degree of confidence
that it was used
apparently the projectile was still
toxic was still fuming with the
something toxic and that's why they had
to wear a mask to protect themselves but
we've spoken to a number
of experts and they've told us that amia
gas mask is basically not enough to
protect oneself from a toxic substance
if that were a nerve agent whether he's
got his his face covered or not it's
gonna go right through his skin the only
protection that he could have is if his
whole body were in a chemical controlled
suit if it were chlorine gas that would
protect him from from some small leaking
of the chlorine gas for a while and it
doesn't make any any any sense I could
see it going through a roof and never
even breaking it's a silly way and even
if it did break open the dispersal of
the chlorine might only kill the people
in the room but not even people outside
the room they'd have time to get out now
an international chemical watchdog is
while carrying out an investigation into
Mo do we know what level of what stage
they're at now in the investigation well
the OPCW inspectors the fact-finding
mission they are in Damascus but they so
far have not been able to enter duma
it's not safe
UN Security mission they went to the
city of Douma with the Syrian army and
they came under small arms fire so far
it's not safe enough but this whole
endeavor has somewhat been rendered well
almost irrelevant I should say because
the retaliation for the chemical for the
chemical attack that there's no
confidence yet in the fact that it even
happened in the first place but the
retaliation is already there the u.s.
the UK and France launched more than a
hundred missiles to strike targets they
believe the Assad government are using
to produce chemicals right now the big
intriguers what the official
investigation is to show whether or not
the attack happened
