the number of terror related
investigations in the German state of
Baden Verdun Berg has skyrocketed
recently although it turns out half of
the cases are self reporting refugees
the Peter Oliver has been taking a look
at what's actually behind this very
unusual development as the number of
asylum applicants coming here to Germany
decreases what we have seen is an actual
increase in the number coming here
saying that they were part of a
terrorist outfit and it has politicians
absolutely baffled I can't understand
why someone would accuse himself of a
serious crime in the hope of gaining an
advantage in his asylum claim to
particular reasons in the southwest of
the country jump out because it's there
that 159 people have declared themselves
as members of a terrorist organization
already in 2018 if we talk back to 2017
well 300 people saying exactly the same
thing why would anybody claim to be a
member of a foreign terrorist group well
because maybe that investigation could
be solved tomorrow but most likely never
investigations are proving to be very
time-consuming because they're almost
always alleged foreign acts for example
in Syria Iraq Afghanistan or Somalia if
we look at countries like Afghanistan
which Germany and other EU nations have
already referred to as a safe country to
return to then you can see why people
would come forward and say that they
have information and would rather face a
trial than deportation the German
authorities aren't suggesting this is
the easy way out anyone who makes a
false confession must understand that he
is going to face criminal consequences
all of which has its roots way back in
the summer of 2015 when Angela Merkel
opened Germany up to refugees Peter
Oliver RT Berlin
well this phenomenon is not just
consigned to Germany let's for a moment
take a look at the current situation in
Greece hundreds of asylum seekers
recently gathered outside a police
station in the city of Thessaloniki for
the very same reason
many of you arrest as an opportunity to
stay in the EU and the fastest way to
get the necessary paperwork started a
large waiting line reportedly formed
four days after a surge an illegal
illegal border crossings from Turkey it
does follow anchors ongoing military
operation against Syrian Kurds
geopolitical analyst and consultant Rana
Rothfuss believes the refugee crisis has
been very costly for Europe we can
clearly see that the traditional system
of the European countries is simply not
prepared to the challenges that the
refugee crisis has posed in the past
years by end of 2017 it became clear
that the German government has to employ
over 2000 further traditional experts to
deal with the increasing crime cases
concerning above all Islamic terrorism
this also increases extremely the burden
on the German judicial system it means a
sharp increase also in employment
process
