controversial Syrian activist group the
white helmets tried to lobby the Pink
Floyd co-founder Roger Waters this for
example is an email from October 2016
inviting waters to a fundraiser
organized by a Saudi billionaire to
honor the work of the white helmets in
it he's also being encouraged to watch a
documentary about the group but it
didn't stop there just days before his
recent concert in Barcelona waters was
contacted by a French journalist working
for the white helmets the reporter was
asking waters for a few moments on stage
to deliver a message to the children of
Syria waters declined both of the
requests and instead publicly denounced
the white helmets at the concert we will
listen to the propaganda of the white
helmets and others we would be
encouraged to encourage our governments
to go and start dropping bombs on people
in Syria
this would be a mistake of monumental
proportions Roger Waters hid out at the
white helmets group calling it a fake
organization he added it exists quote
only to create propaganda for jihadists
and terrorists the white helmets were
the first to report on the alleged
chemical attack in Douma although it's
been widely praised in the West for its
rescue work its members have repeatedly
been accused of having direct links to
extremist groups well we contacted the
white helmets for comment in the
meantime we've spoken to journalists and
RT contributor max Blumenthal these are
the one Roger Waters handed his emails
to year's journalists including myself
have been reporting on the danger of the
white helmets how this Western funded
organization funded by Western and Gulf
governments has basically been an
instrument of encouraging regime change
and it's not just a group of average
volunteer rescue workers it's an
international influence organization
whose representatives show up in
Congress to lobby for no-fly zones and
sanctions on Syria as well as
Parliament's across Europe while they're
operating on the ground alongside al
Qaeda and their allies and these are
just documented facts and for the first
time a mainstream figure on an
international stage on the eve of war
has validated what we've been reporting
that has legitimized the journalism that
we've been so mercilessly attacked for
publishing and it's forced those who've
attacked us and accused us of being
conspiracists to actually look at what
we've reported look at the facts and
they really have nothing to say back to
us they can't simply dismiss it as a
Kremlin conspiracy anymore when Roger
Waters is saying this
