thank you very much I want to begin
today by expressing my deep condolences
to the entire Bush family on the passing
of former first lady barbara Bush a
wonderful wonderful person
for decades Barbara was a Titan in
American life her presence and character
were engraved into America's identity
her strength and toughness really
embodied the spirit of our country and
her warmth and devotion earned the
admiration of an entire nation and
indeed the entire world she was a
tireless champion for literacy she was a
fierce advocate for the American family
and she was a woman of proud patriotism
and profound faith our hearts are
saddened by her passing but our spirits
are lifted by the memories of her
goodness and her grace she was a good
person Milani and I send our prayers to
Barbara's husband of 73 years I'll never
beat that record President George HW
Bush to the surviving children Jeb and
Neil and Marvin Dorothy and former
president george w bush and to their
many wonderful grandchildren and
great-grandchildren this evening i also
want to send a message to all of the
brave servicemembers from the United
States France and the United Kingdom who
were involved in the very successful
strikes on targets associated with the
Syrian chemical weapons program last
week once again the unmatched skill of
the United States military and our great
partners and allies was demonstrated to
the entire world missiles were shot they
tried to knock them down
they weren't in the least successful
they hit none the purpose of our strike
was to establish a strong deterrent
against the use of banned chemical
weapons civilized nations must join
together to prevent the horrors of
chemical warfare and in fact warfare and
I think our allies really were
absolutely world class wonderful we
thank them for their support today I'm
thrilled to be joined by my good friend
Prime Minister Abbey of Japan highly
respected gentlemen
Prime Minister Milani and I are honored
to host you and mrs. Abbey once again at
mar-a-lago we're grateful for the
tremendous hospitality he showed us
during our visit to your country last
fall it was a true privilege to be
welcomed to the magnificent land of
Japan or as I've heard all my life the
Land of the Rising Sun it's true so
great during our visit to Asia November
we had tremendous success enlisting
support for our campaign of maximum
pressure on the North Korean regime as
you know I will be meeting with Kim
jong-un in the coming weeks to discuss
the denuclearization of the Korean
Peninsula
hopefully that meeting will be a great
success and we're looking forward to it
it would be a tremendous thing for North
Korea and a tremendous thing for the
world so we will be doing everything
possible to make it a worldwide success
not just for the United States or South
Korea or North Korea or Japan but for
the entire world we hope to see the day
when the whole Korean Peninsula can live
together and Safety prosperity and peace
this is the destiny of the
people who deserve and have gone through
so much over the years
we hope it all works out we'll be trying
very hard I want to thank the Prime
Minister for his insight and support
over the past year as we have pursued
the dream of a peaceful nuclear free
Korea Shinzo you have worked very hard
along with us and all of our people and
we thank you very much and we're with
you and you're a lot closer than we are
but we'll work in this together
okay thank you very much your support
has been critical to getting us to this
important moment in time it's a historic
moment and possibly beyond that if it
works out properly
our discussions today reaffirmed the
close cooperation between the United
States and Japan on the issue of North
Korea and our common defense we will not
repeat the mistakes of previous
administrations our campaign of maximum
pressure will continue until North Korea
D nuclear arises we have great respect
for many aspects of what they're doing
but we have to get it together we have
to end nuclear weapons
ideally in all parts of the world that
would be a goal for all of us to hope
for and to cherish as I've said before
there is a bright path available to
North Korea when it achieves
denuclearization in a complete and
verifiable and irreversible way will be
a great day for them would be a great
day for the world during my visit to
Japan last fall I met with Japanese
families who endured the terrible
heartbreak of having their loved ones
abducted by the North Korean regime we
want to see these families reunited as
soon as poss
and I know for a fact that it's one of
the truly most important things on
jinzo's mind we talk about it often so
important to you and we're going to do
everything possible to have them brought
back and bring them back to Japan I gave
you that promise the United States also
supports Japan's efforts to improve its
defense capabilities and we're exploring
ways to expedite the sale of American
military equipment to Japan through the
foreign military sales program we've
stepped up our effort not only with
respect to Japan but other allies that
when they order military equipment from
us we will get it taken care of and they
will get their equipment rapidly it
would be in some cases years before
orders would take place because of
bureaucracy with Department of Defense
State Department we are short-circuiting
that it's now going to be a matter of
days if they're our allies we are going
to help them get this very important
great military equipment and nobody
nobody makes it like the United States
it's the best in the world by far so
we're also working to improve our
economic partnership by reducing our
trade imbalance and removing barriers to
US exports the United States is
committed to free fair and reciprocal
very important word trade and we're
committed to pursuing a bilateral
trading relationship that benefits both
of our great countries Prime Minister
Robby and I have agreed to intensify our
trade and investment consultations
ambassador light Heiser who is with us
today will take the lead for the United
States these past two days have been
extremely productive the friendship
between Japan and the United States has
never been closer I truly believe it has
never been closer than it
today and the bonds between our people
have never been strong in the months
ahead we will rely on this great
friendship as we face an array of old
challenges and new opportunities and we
will face them together we will work
closely on trade we will do something
having to do with the imbalance that
frankly should have been done for years
and years and years mr. prime minister I
want to thank you again for traveling
tomorrow logo for these important
discussions and meetings it's been a
true honor to welcome you here and to
work with you toward greater security
prosperity and peace for our two truly
great and wonderful nations and thank
you for being here Shinzo thank you
mrs. barbara Bush or the former first
lady she has passed away on representing
the Japanese people I would like to
express my condolences to former
President Bush and to all the family
members we express our heartfelt
condolences for the infinitely new sky
refreshing and soothing sea breeze it
was a great pleasure to be invited once
again to this beautiful mother lager and
in a relaxed atmosphere to spend a
significant length of time with
President Trump to engage in fruitful
discussion in a Franklin straightforward
manner about a year ago at this place at
the very moment I was at dinner with
President Trump North Korea dared to
launch ballistic missiles
it is absolutely intolerable immediately
after it sets a president Trump stepped
forward in front of the camera though it
was not planned and made one following
comment the u.s. is with our ally Japan
a hundred percent the president sent out
a message of powerful commitment to the
world Donald your words on that occasion
is still deeply etched in my mind
together with my wonderful memory of my
stay here in Malaga with one single
comment you demonstrated whether super
be strong japan-us alliance which has a
history of longer than half a century
and I once again express my deepest
respect for your remarkable leadership
the year also has passed uh since then
the situation surrounding North Korea
due to the decisive decision by
President Trump on the first-ever u.s.
North Korea summit is at a historical
turning point at the past mistakes
should never be repeated on this point
President Trump and I were in full
agreement
on the occasion of the 1994 framework
agreement or the 2005 six-party talks
agreement North Korea committed to
abandon nuclear weapons development but
are those promises were broken and the
effort of the international community to
engage in dialogue were all entirely
exploited to buy time to develop nuclear
weapons and missiles based on such
lessons learned both the u.s. and Japan
together with the international
community we will demand for all weapons
of mass destruction of ballistic
missiles complete verifiable and
irreversible the dismantlement of
weapons of mass destruction and
ballistic missiles at a North Korea by
envisioning multiple scenarios we
carefully thought out our policies and
directions at a concrete and detailed
level just because North Korea is
responding to dialogue there should be
no reward maximum pressure should be
maintained and actual implementation of
concrete actions at all the
nuclearization will be demanded this
firm policy has once again being
completely shared between us on this
occasion we also agreed to continue our
effort towards at the early resolution
of the top priority matter of abduction
just now President Trump on this spot
here has mentioned that was the return
of the abductees maximum effort will be
made for the clear promise just made
here we are deeply encouraged Donald
half a year ago when you visited our
country you listened intently to each
and every family members of the
abductees you listen carefully
kinda said you would like to help your
image on that occasion is indelibly
etched in the eyes and minds of many of
the Japanese people going forward we
wish the world closely with the United
States and towards the immediate return
of all abductees we are determined to
strengthen our approach vis a vie North
Korea North Korea has diligent workforce
and is blessed with resources if North
Korea advances in the right direction
they can make their populations richer
if North Korea takes the right path
under the Japan North Korea Pyongyang
declaration there could be a possible
path to settle the unfortunate past and
to normalize diplomatic relationship for
that to happen
a comprehensive resolutions of multiple
concerns including abduction nuclear and
missiles will be the fundamental
precondition through the upcoming
historic u.s. North Korea summit we
strongly hope for a breakthrough in this
situation the japan-us alliance is not
just limited to the field of security
but it also contributes to the peace and
prosperity of the world as well as the
region on the economic from Japan and
the u.s. we'll take a lead and develop a
free and fair market in the indo-pacific
region I spent some time with President
Trump to discuss ways to make that
happen
in a candid manner first of all we must
further strengthen the economic ties
between the two countries under
President Trump exports from the US
including energy aircraft amongst others
have already been increasing
significantly further following the boat
tax reform by president Truong Japanese
companies investments in the US have
been gaining momentum
which is creating a large number of jobs
in the US and contributing to the
expansion of the exports from the US in
order to benefit both Japan and the US
will further expand trade and investment
between the two countries building upon
that foundation will aim to realize
economic development in the free and
open indo-pacific region based on fair
Val fear rules to make that happen
at this time President Trump and I
agreed to start talks for free fair and
reciprocal trade deals and minister
maliki will be responsible for these
talks on the side of Japan Minister
Maliki and the US Trade Representative
light house'
i hope we have a very fruitful
discussions over the last two days
president Trump and I have spent more
than seven hours together over meals and
playing golf while at the same time we
were able to hold extremely fulfilling
talks in a relaxing atmosphere the last
three days were the time when I was able
to further deepen my friendship and
relationship of trust with President
Trump lastly I'd like to express my
sincere appreciation to Donald and First
Lady Melania for their wonderful
hospitality as well as the continued
warm-hearted welcome of the people of
the United States thank you thank you
very much appreciate it questions mark
Landler
thank you very much mr. president mr.
prime minister nice to see you again mr.
president you sent your CIA director to
Pyongyang a couple of weeks ago
and he returned without three Americans
who are being detained there and also
without any other visible signs of
concessions the North Koreans had made
to the United States in advance of your
meeting with mr. Kim my question is do
you intend or are you willing to sit
down with Kim jong-un if Americans are
still being held in North Korea and will
you insist on other tangible concessions
from the North Koreans in return for
gestures like sending a potential future
secretary of state to North Korea and
and from the Prime Minister if I may you
you a moment ago alluded to new trade
talks between your Minister and mr. Lyte
hyzer should we interpret that to mean
that you are now open to negotiating a
bilateral trade deal between the United
States and Japan and then a second
question Japan is the only major
American ally that was not exempted from
the steel tariffs did you ask the
president to exempt Japan and if so how
did he reply
thank you more very much the fact is
that they do have three prisoners we
have been talking about them we're
negotiating now we are doing our very
best as you know they've been there a
long time and it's harsh treatment we
fought very hard to get otto warmbier
back and when we came back he was in
very very bad condition it was a very
sad event we are likewise fighting very
diligently to get the three American
citizens back I think there's a good
chance of doing it we're having very
good dialogue we will keep you informed
but we are in there and we are working
very hard on that we have come a long
way with North Korea we were
you know and when I say we for many
years they've been talking to North
Korea and nothing's happened this should
have been taken care of by past
administrations when they were not
nearly so far along but we put
unbelievably powerful sanctions on and
many other things I want to thank
publicly President Xi of China who has
done more for us than he's done for any
other administration or than any leader
of China has done for any president or
administration he is clogged up the
border as you know and he's done it very
very powerfully he would tell you
himself that he never thought he would
go to this extent and I appreciate that
very much but it's put a lot of pressure
on as you know 93 percent of the goods
coming into North Korea come in from
China and President Xi understands that
this is a very important set of months
that are lying ahead he doesn't want to
see a Korea North Korea or any Korea
that has nuclear weapons either so he's
also fighting for China when it comes to
this but he has been terrific can he be
better I always say yes he can be better
I said president you've been great
can you be better yes but he's been very
good and it's had a big impact and what
we've done has had a big impact so we've
never been in a position like this with
that regime whether its father
grandfather or son and I hope to have a
very successful meeting if we don't
think it's going to be successful mark
we won't have it we won't have it if I
think that it's a meeting that is not
going to be fruitful we're not going to
go if the meeting when I'm there is not
fruitful I will respectfully leave the
meeting and we'll continue what we're
doing or whatever it is that will
continue but something will happen so I
like always remaining flexible and will
remain flexible here
I've gotten it to this point president
moon of South Korea was very generous
when he said if it weren't for Donald
Trump the Olympics would have been a
total failure
it was my involvement and the
involvement of our great country that
made the Olympics a very successful
Olympics if you look at ticket sales
prior to what took place with respect to
North Korea it was going to be a big
problem and it turned out to be a very
successful Olympics so we've gotten us
here and I think we're going to be
successful but if for any reason I feel
we're not we end okay thank you more
between president Trump and myself for
benefitting both Japan and the u.s. we
are have expanded the investment and
trade based on the foundation open and
fair economic development in the
indo-pacific region we are have agreed
to start talks for free fair and
reciprocal trade deals at this time as
for section 232 Japanese steel and
aluminum would not exert any negative
influence on the u.s. security rather
it's our position that the quality of
Japanese products is high many of those
products are difficult to be replaced
with and they are greatly contributing
to the u.s. industries and employment so
recognize the thing that we'd like to
continue to respond to this matter going
forward
having to do with aluminum and steel
tariffs 30% in one case 25 percent and
10 percent that it's got us to the
bargaining table with many nations and
in other cases they're paying and it's
billions of dollars coming into the
coffers of the United States so they've
been actually very important
if you look at what we did with solar
panels will we put 30% tariffs on we had
32 companies opened with pretty new
plants because it's a relatively new
industry of the 32 plants 30 were closed
and 2 were not doing well since putting
the tariffs on the 2 were doing very
well 7 or 8 are going to be opening and
a lot more will open same thing with
washing machines we were believe it or
not having washing machines dumped all
over the country we put tariffs on and
we're now opening up and expanding
companies that create and make which is
actually a very big business washing
machines and dryers so the workers of
our country know what's happening we
have companies moving up from Mexico
automobile companies and they're
building new plants in Michigan and Ohio
and Pennsylvania and Kentucky and
expanding their plants a lot of things
happening our country is doing very very
well so it's going to continue it's
gonna continue a lot of great momentum
if you look at any chart the enthusiasm
for business in our country as at an
all-time high and unemployment for
African American workers for Hispanic
workers unemployment is at an all-time
low in history in the history of our
country it's at the lowest point if you
look at unemployment for women it's at
an 18 year low so we're very proud of
our achievements and starting now as you
see over the last few weeks the tax cuts
are kicking in and it's a beautiful
thing to see and people are spending
money where they didn't have the money
to spend previously so we're very happy
with that shinzo please
I'm a hobbyist game I'd like to ask her
questions about how to handle North
Korean issues Prime Minister BAE the
coordination for holding a summit
between the South Korea and North Korea
as well as between the u.s. and North
Korea is underway there is a concern in
Japan that Japan may be led behind so
how are going to proceed with dialogue
with North Korea president Trump you
talked about the abduction issue are you
going to consider the nuclear weapons
disarmament the same as the same level
as abduction issue abduction is a very
important issue for me because it's very
important to your prime minister I will
tell you that we were having dinner last
night and he started talking about
abduction and how horrible it was and
his level of enthusiasm was unbelievable
and I said to him right then and there
last night at the table I said we will
work very hard on that issue and we will
try and bring those folks back home very
very hard
whether Japan will be left behind that
is not at all the case in the last two
days together with President Trump we
have spoken about North Korea there will
be the inter-korean talks and the u.s.
North Korea summit is planned we have
gone into really in-depth discussion
about a policy and direction we have
reached agreement regarding the upcoming
u.s. North Korea summit we hope that it
will lead to that a resolution of
weapons of mass destruction nuclear
missile and of course more than anything
else we hope it will be historic summit
that will lead to the resolution of
abduction and for that purpose I have
seriously and thoroughly discussed it
with the president Trump and we have
fully agreed about our direction going
forward in particular regarding
abduction as Donald has explained in our
editor we have thoroughly discussed
about this matter last year a president
met with the victims of the abduction as
well as the family members and other
families feelings have been strongly
felt and understood by the president and
he has given a very encouraging comment
that he would appeal to the resolution I
highly appreciate this encouraging a
comment this gives us huge courage a
very encouraging comment and for the
families of the abductees again this is
a massively powerfully encouraging
comment and then for coming forward
between Japan and us between the
trilateral of Japan USA South Korea we
will cooperate closely and do our utmost
to resolve the issues of North Korea
including abduction nuclear missile be
very loyal to Japan thank you Jennifer
Jacobs
Thank You mr. president
on the Muller probe have you concluded
that it's not worth the political
fallout to remove either special counsel
Muller or Deputy Attorney General
Rosenstein and Prime Minister obey did
the president ask you to provide more
funding for US troops in Japan and what
agreement did you reach here in Florida
on buying more military equipment from
the US Jennifer I can say this that
there was no collusion and that's been
so found as you know by the House
Intelligence Committee
there's no collusion there was no
collusion with Russia other than by the
Democrats or as I call them the
obstructionist because they truly are
obstructionist so we are giving
tremendous amounts of paper this was a
really a hoax created largely by the
Democrats as a way of softening the blow
of a loss which is a loss that frankly
they shouldn't have had from the
standpoint that it's very easy for them
to have a tremendous advantage in the
electoral college and this is what it is
and this is where it came from you look
at the kind of money that was paid
probably some went to Russia you look at
Podesta having a company in Russia where
nothing happened and people don't talk
about it you look at the fact that their
server the DNC server was never gotten
by the FBI why did the FBI take it the
FBI takes what they want they go in they
wouldn't get the server this is a hoax
as far as the investigation nobody has
ever been more transparent than I have
instructed our lawyers be totally
transparent I believe we've given them
1.4 million pages of documents if you
can believe this and haven't used that I
know of or for the most part
presidential powers are privileged so we
are hopefully coming to the end it is a
bad thing for our country very very bad
thing for our country but there has been
no collusion they won't find any
collusion it doesn't exist
as far as the two gentlemen you told me
about they've been saying I'm going to
get rid of them for the last three
months four months five months and
they're still here so we want to get the
investigation over with done with put it
behind us and we have to get back to
business with negotiating with this
gentleman and plenty of others but this
gentleman is a very tough negotiator and
we have to focus on that thank you very
much
regarding the US forces expenses for the
US forces in Japan the safety and
security of Japan and the peace and
stability of the Far East is being
maintained and for the forward
deployment strategy of the United States
in the Asia Pacific in terms of the
presence the presence in Japan is very
meaningful and significant in the case
of Japan across the world in terms of
paying for the expenses Japan accounts
for the largest percentage of stationing
compared to the countries that the
president understands very well I'm
talkative with the Sankei news news I
have a question for president Trump this
is the follow-up question for two three
- and so you don't have any intention to
exempt Japan at this point in time and
president Trump and Prime Minister Abe a
with regard to trade are going to
establish a new talks for trade is it
going to be in the direction of FD a or
TPP so I'd like to hear the views from
both of you so at this time between
Presidente Trump the talks for a free
fair and the reciprocal trade deals to
initiate that has been agreed as for
this talk Minister Motegi and ambassador
light hyzer ustr will be
the representative and mr. a so and the
vice-president Pence's us-japan economic
dialogue who they will be receiving the
report of their stocks as for his talks
so that will be the interest of both of
the countries at the investment and
trade between the two countries will be
expanded and we are going to realize
they're free and open in the Pacific to
economic growth so on the US side that
they are interested in a bilateral deal
we are aware of that but at any rate
country's position is that TPP is the
best for both of the countries and based
on that position we shall be dealing
with the talks
thank you very much the United States
has a massive trade deficit with Japan
it's anywhere from 69 billion dollars to
a hundred billion dollars a year that's
massive by any standpoint we are doing
232 on steel and aluminum and if we can
come to an arrangement on a new deal
between the United States and Japan that
would certainly be something we would
discuss aluminium tariffs and steel
tariffs and I would look forward to
being able to at some point in the
future take them off but right now we
have a deficit that's a minimum of 69
billion dollars a year Japan sends us
millions and millions of cars and we
taxed them virtually not at all and we
don't send so much product because we
have trade barriers and lots of other
things so these are the things that the
Prime Minister and I are going to be
discussing over the next short period of
time the media has not covered the TPP
correctly I don't want to go back into
TPP but if they offered us a deal that I
can't refuse on behalf of the United
States I would do it but I like
bilateral better I think it's better for
our country I think it's better for our
workers and I much would prefer a
bilateral deal and deal directly with
Japan
we already have a deal with six of the
11 nations in the TPP so we already have
trade deals and the others we can make
very easily they're all calling wanted
to make a deal but we think that's much
better for us so unless they offer us a
deal that we cannot refuse I would not
go back into TPP we'll see what happens
but in the meantime we're negotiating
and what I really prefer is negotiating
a one-on-one deal with Japan and that's
where we are right now and I will say
that the representatives who are sitting
right here are extraordinarily competent
and very tough those representing Japan
and we will hopefully in the not too
distant future have a very good deal
good for Japan and good for the United
States okay thank you all very much we
appreciate it thank you thank you very
much thank you
yeah will do will do sanctions as soon
as they very much deserve it we will
have that is a question there has been
nobody tougher on Russia than President
Donald Trump between building up the
military between creating tremendous
vast amounts of oil we raised billions
and billions of dollars extra in NATO we
had a very very severe we were talking
about it a little while fight in Syria
recently a month ago between our troops
and Russian troops and that's very sad
but many people died in that fight
there has been nobody tougher than me
with the media no matter what I did it's
never tough enough because that's their
narrative but Russia will tell you there
has been nobody tougher than Donald
Trump and then the other night we had a
strike in Syria which was absolute
precision I leave it with this with all
of that said if we can get along with
China and if we can get along with
Russia and if we can get along with
Japan and other nations that's a good
thing not a bad thing just remember that
if we got along with other nations
that's good not bad thank you very much
everybody
