Theresa May and the Emmanuel macron have
come under heavy criticism from British
and EU lawmakers the UK and French
leaders were defending their decision
not to consult their national
parliaments before bombing Syria on
Saturday these are members of the
European Parliament during present
McCrone speech they're a large group
held signs calling to stop the military
strikes on Syria we can now cross live
to nadir a tutor who has been following
the events today now can you break it
all down for us Nadira well I'll do my
best Jackie a lot has happened now it
seems that Frances Emmanuel macron and
the UK's Theresa May are facing a pretty
tough time retrospectively in trying to
justify the airstrikes that they carried
out in Syria over the weekend here's how
the European Parliament members met with
Makran you can see that they were
protesting against the action taken in
Syria and they were holding up placards
which read stop the war and hands off
Syria this was done during a speech that
he was delivering in Brussels and he was
trying to explain the reasons why he
decided to go in and one of the things
that he said about the justification
that it was conducted for the honour of
the international community here he is
three countries have intervened for the
honour of the international community in
the legitimate multilateral framework in
a targeted manner without any human
victims not one to destroy these sites
of production and transformation of
chemical weapons and he has faced a
major backlash domestically as well when
he was grilled on Monday by Parliament
Aires for not consulting them before
those airstrikes were carried out some
have accused him of being undemocratic
and questions were asked about the lack
of evidence too we intervened without
any particular goal and what happened
after has demonstrated that these
strikes demonstrate the irresponsible
behavior of the three global powers that
yet again gave in to the temptation to
play the role of world's policeman
no Clinton attacked Yugoslavia by
blindly violating international law
George Bush did the same in Iraq and
Barack Obama in Libya and Syria it seems
the evidence that made France decide to
carry out strikes against Syria is
partly based on information from social
media now over in the UK tourism made
the UK's Prime Minister has also faced a
group of parliamentary is led by the
opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn and he
has proposed changes actually a motion
to a new Act which is called the War
Powers Act he said that that would
ensure parliamentary approval if the UK
did indeed want to take military action
unless it was a case of self-defense may
of course agreed that it would be
appropriate to have the backing of
parliament as and when required so there
was a bit of verbal table tennis
it went on for over eight hours on day
one and pretty similar on day two let's
listen to that verbal table tennis
between the two of them Parliament
should have as an absolute minimum
enshrined in law the opportunity to ask
questions before the government can
order planned military action on the
elected representatives in this house
should be able to debate the deployment
of British military forces into combat
but that does not mean it is always
appropriate the executive must be the
servant of parliament not the other way
round members of this house seem to have
let us say in foreign policy of this
country than president Trump
no one in this house be in any doubt
that neither I nor this government take
instructions from any president
so as you can see serious domestic
issues and tensions in the France UK and
of course the European Parliament that
you've seen there now just a reminder
the u.s. the UK and France decided to
carry out airstrikes in Duma in Syria
based on the alleged chemical weapons
that was found there and they did that
before an investigation was completed
the OPCW is currently carrying out that
the investigation what we have seen
circulating around are videos that were
taken by the white helmets both Syria
and Russia have said that as they've
looked at the site in Douma that they
have not found any evidence of chemicals
so far but we will have to wait and see
what the opcw's in final investigation
and the outcome and what we find from
that report when it eventually comes out
quite a lot of backlash we've been
seeing since those strikes were carried
out on Saturday and Adira Tudor thank
you for bringing us the key moments
