the overwhelming humanitarian
catastrophe due to the civil war in
Syria is absolutely indisputable but the
foreign secretary said yesterday these
strikes would have no bearing on the
civil war and the Prime Minister has
reiterated that today by saying this is
not what these military strikes were
about mr. speaker does for example the
humanitarian crisis in Yemen entitle
other countries to arrogate to
themselves the right to bomb Saudi
airfields all their positions in Yemen
especially given their use of banned
cluster bombs and white phosphorus mr.
speaker three United Nations agency said
in January that Yemen was the worst
humanitarian crisis in the world so will
the Prime Minister today commit to
ending support to the Saudi bombing
campaign and arms sales to Saudi Arabia
you
