hi I'm Max Keiser this is the cow's
report mmm-hmm like me some chicken
nuggets YUM hey British people special
deal American chicken nuggets with
clorine that's right
real organochlorine the con you love
right max yes hand me those chicken
chlorinated chicken pieces these are
pieces of chicken and they are
chlorinated yum yum yum apparently it's
something only that is a big hit in
America because Americans are priced
conscience and as long as it we can get
you know you'll see in the supermarket
often like 35 pieces of chicken for only
99 cents and you're like well I'm gonna
save me some money it doesn't even enter
your mind to think how do you get 35
pieces of chicken for 99 cents that
doesn't sound right well apparently the
Brits are a bit turned off by this and
you know they've done that break set
vote you know they're supposed to leave
the EU and as part of that basically
selling it to the population of Britain
that how great this is going to be
Theresa made is working on some sort of
trade deal with Trump for the United
States and ditched trade deal with Trump
rather than except chlorinated Chicken
Britain say the British public are
overwhelmingly willing to ditch plans
for post breaks at trade deal with the
United States in order to protect the
UK's high food safety standards new
polling scene by the independent shows
it's not actually high UK food safety
standards they were European food safety
standards that the UK had and thus saved
them from chlorinated chicken but now
under this whole global Britain where
we're doing trade deals with the likes
big guys like the United States and
China directly well it turns out that
the UK doesn't have much power over
while the junk they now have to take
yeah that's what I'm saying the EU
provided some protections to UK from
deals like having to take chlorinated
chicken parts which is now going to be
removed and British public are gonna be
eating these chlorinated chicken parts
and speaking of chicken parts reminds me
of proof
for work cryptocurrencies let me have
that chicken for a second talk about
this from work or proof or stake
well it's proof of work you know if the
encryption of a crypto currency like
Bitcoin or Mac's coin is working in the
following matter the amount of energy
required to turn a chicken into a
chicken nugget I would call it chicken
part those are chicken parts or pieces
yeah okay chicken part is infinitely
smaller than the amount of energy
required to turn a chicken part back
into a chicken and that's basically how
encryption as it works in the
proof-of-work cryptocurrency arrangement
operates going back to the story about
the trade deal that is being about to be
imposed upon the United Kingdom as a
sort of escape mechanism from their post
breaks at disaster well American trade
negotiators are expected to demand
Britain opens as markets to us
foodstuffs that are currently illegal
under EU rules as the price of a free
trade agreement practices banned in the
EU but currently widespread in the u.s.
including chlorine wash chickens hormone
treated beef meat from animals fed on
chicken feces and crops washed with a
controversial herbicide chemicals did
you just say almost fed on chicken feces
mmm that goes well with Marmite while
watching the Queen
maybe the Royal Wedding have a chicken
feces sandwich on us America
congratulations royal couple actually
you know by the way this is not
chlorinated chicken as far as we know
this is organic chicken pieces that were
eating I noticed a bit of hair though
but anyway back to this story so 82% of
Brits would rather ditch the trade deal
and not do any trade deal at all with
the United States they'd rather eat
their own chicken not washed and
chlorine but here's the statement from
Teresa Mays trade chief Liam Fox he's
defended the possible legislation of
banned u.s. agricultural practices
telling MPs that he was quote a great
believer in giving the public a choice
over what they are eating and there are
no health reasons why he couldn't eat
chickens that been washed
chlorinated water the International
Trade Secretary has said the
Media obsessed with such meat now you
got a choice you could have chlorinated
chicken or formaldehyde lace chicken or
chicken that's made from chicken feces
it's all good according to Liam Fox
reminds me the story I read recently
about a woman in the hospital who was on
her IV drip supposedly but it was
actually formaldehyde drip and she was
embalmed close it was a story out of
Russia and she was supposed to be on a
drip just a saline drip and they put
some basically embalming fluid a big
mix-up there that was pretty horrible
but back to this story about the
chlorinated chicken of course this is
this was partly coming in with TTIP
anyway this was a gonna overrule what
the EU regulations were about and 'min
the positive note if you're eating
animal products that have are fed
chicken feces
perhaps your immune system might go up
you know become more robust so well you
know there's the standard process and
immuno call logical robustness
enhancement called the fecal transplant
that's right in other words if you have
some kind of antibiotic intolerance if
you do a fecal transplant then somehow
this is really gives more robustness to
your immune system I don't know all the
details but a lot of them a lot of
people actually do it because they think
it's about obesity so they basically
have the fecal matter of a thin person
and plant it into a fat person an obese
person and that's supposed to have
better gut bacteria so it's something to
do with gut bacteria but I'm not gonna
eat anything again except for something
like a ice cream the ice cream was the
best thing you can possibly eat yeah but
there's that famous moment when the
United Kingdom had their mad cow disease
and they gum that guy gum who then went
on to run coca-cola out of the UK and he
was eating one of the burgers matka
burger just to say look I would feed
this to my daughter my little daughter
like I won't get mad cow
but this sounds even more gruesome on
the root of a mad cow disease actually
in Britain there's a lot of cows are on
their cell phones that makes sense
but anyway so yeah they're trying to
sell Brits on chlorinated chlorinated
chicken and apparently they'd rather
retreat for sure a Newsnight they'll
have the business editor there that bald
fella who took over for Jeremy Paxman
he'll be espousing the virtues of
chlorinated chicken vociferously and
getting this entire audience over there
BBC Newsnight to dig into another plate
of chlorinated chicken thanks to lack of
EU regulations now that Britain is going
it alone because it's a world-beating
country
it'll make trade deals left and right
because we're gonna triple our
manufacturing capacity and open that
factory every week because we're great
Britannia well of course
BP is a British company and it used to
be called British Petroleum and of
course Obama did refer to it as British
Petroleum
when they have that massive oil spill in
the Gulf of Mexico destroying entire
ecosystems down there ruining many many
livelihoods for the shrimp farmers and
killing turtles and birds and dolphins
and sharks and all sorts of marine life
down there and I like to call it billion
base yeah and the French do as well so
here we have BP and the news again this
was in Australia this was about a deal
they wanted in South Australia and they
did not get it they did not win it was
actually a Norwegian company State Oil
that won this deal but here is a freedom
of information material has merged to
show what BP was pitching in their
documents to get some drilling rights in
a pristine area of South Australia and
what their response was to regulators
requests about what would happen if
there's an oil spill well just like
chlorinated chicken could be great some
people like it well BP document says an
oil spill would be welcomed boost to
local economies an oil spill in the
Great Australian Bight would provide a
welcome boost
local economies BP said in a 2016 report
released under freedom of information
laws BP made the statements in an
environment plan in March 2016 during
his bid to drill in the pristine region
but a spokesman for the company said it
did not reflect bp's views yeah we just
made the statement but it doesn't
reflect our views but anyway
the theory was that the the disaster
would cause just like in the Gulf of
Mexico when the huge BP The Horizon oil
spill happened what happened was you
know they put a lot of shrimp farmers
out of work but they did have boats that
they could then go out there and clean
up the disaster zone in the Gulf of
Mexico and this they're saying is the
upside of a potential oil spill it would
require a lot of local jobs if there's a
cleanup that's like the guy the cater
goes to the judge being convicted of
killing his parents and asked for
leniency because he's an orphan it's the
economics of extinction
it's disaster capitalism it's BP another
fine moment in the annals of corporate
genocide brought to you by our friends
across the pond BP British Petroleum but
remember that a now rebranded as BP due
to all the disasters around there but
the report was submitted to the National
offshore petroleum safety and
Environmental Management Authority
nope SEMA but obtained by london-based
website climate home news the fact still
stands that this this contract was given
to Norwegian State oil I don't know what
they said was the upside of an oil spill
but you know that somebody got the offer
and now there are apparently some
australians who live in the area you
know i guess the biggest city in the
area would be adelaide i guess they're
quite worried about the fact that
somebody has won this bid and there is a
bid out there and one of the competitors
bidding for this was a was saying that
you know the upside of a disaster an
ecological disaster could be my jobs
absolutely spot on the job creation
Iko holocaust cannot be discounted the
GDP boosting effects of this are well
noted now just returning to these
chicken pieces you know you said this
there's chicken feces involved and you
know I don't I don't you know I smell
any evidence of this unlike a delicacy
in France like on do yet where you
actually do have an olfactory component
to this dish served in France and
enjoyed by French people they don't see
if the chicken feces were marketed in
France they would not have any problem
with it it's already well established
that this is part of that local well
part of what's what is emerging with the
sort of Freedom of Information requests
is you they famously say you never want
to know what how a sausage is made if
you saw how a sausage was made then you
wouldn't want to eat it now we're seeing
how these actual trade deals with
multinationals are made you're seeing
the gory details you're seeing the
horrifying reality of of course it's not
their opinion of BP but the fact is they
do say that it could be great for the
local economy
in the United Kingdom they're doing this
trade deal with Donald Trump on behalf
of the United States and they're saying
that you would have to take chlorinated
chicken and animal products that were
fed chicken feces who like where am i
eating that probably because I'm living
in America like is what part of my food
I'd like to know what which plate of
food I'm eating that has has been fed
chicken feces that's horrifying to me
but we eat it without thinking yeah well
so be it and you know this is the great
thing about as you point out when the
brexit thing goes through it rips apart
all of the contracts that are out there
because I have to be re-examined
thousands of them and so people for the
first time we're actually seeing how
these trade deals are made and they're
seeing the quid pro quo they're seeing
how it's all sold you know as a package
of stuff and and they're horrified it we
really how the business of the world
again we got it take a break so don't go
away we'll come right back after this
short message stay right there
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser guess what we're gonna get
back to Craig Hankey of TF metals report
and discuss the skullduggery over at JP
Morgan with Jamie Dimon Craig welcome
back good to see you max topic number
one on this show Jamie Dimon tapeworm or
responsible citizen now over there JP
Morgan
Jamie sent out a letter to investors he
warned of a major market panic and he's
encouraging people to hold gold and
silver this is after of course we've
discussed he went from a 2 billion ounce
shirt position when the Bear Stearns
acquisition went down during the 2008
financial crisis that was more or less
engineered by Timmy Geithner and Ben
Bernanke to line goldman sachs pockets
at billions and billions and now they're
going along silver because they've been
buying silver with reckless abandon out
there in the marketplace is this just JP
Morgan feathering their nest once again
talking their book Craig yeah I'm sure
it's part of that max no doubt about it
I mean if we look at the data whether
it's suspect or not it shows JP Morgan
to hold in their Comex vault little more
than 140 million ounces of silver and
most of it is marked what they call
eligible which means it's just being
stored there it's not ready for delivery
or anything like that they're just
holding it and so as we look at the
numbers I think it's safe to assume
let's just call it at least a hundred
million ounces of that silver is JP
Morgan's so they're sitting on this
massive hoard max and and again it's
easy to estimate it to be at least a
hundred million ounces of their own
silver and at five thousand ounces of
silver per Comex contract that's 20
thousand contracts right so now they
have the opportunity I guess we'll call
it that just like a large investor who
has a big position in a stock might sell
calls against that stock just to
generate some extra income hoping that
the stock doesn't get called away hoping
the stock just gradually increases and
nobody ever takes it from them that's
what JP Morgan can now do with their
silver futures they can short
20,000 contracts every delivery month in
the hopes that it won't get they won't
have to deliver it away and they can
sell the futures to the to the poor
specs out there that would be willing to
buy them and it allows their trading
desk to basically make free money but if
the price does go up say silver does go
to $30 an ounce again or $40 an ounce
they can just deliver it out they've
accumulated all this silver down here
below 20 that's a pretty healthy profit
so either way they're talking their book
and they are creating profits for their
trading desk right so this is the normal
day-to-day operations of a bank buying
and selling hedging they've got a
position an inventory of silver in this
case back in 2011 they did not have the
inventory they were just short and they
were vulnerable and the world almost
took them down and it was part of the
whole glorious financial spring that we
were enjoying at that time in price of
silver went to 50
let's talk about silver for a second so
Clive mond who he can find a three to
one gold calm which is a really good
site I go to it all the time he wrote
that for the first time in 15 years
large specs or speculators have moved to
a net short position in silver as they
are usually wrong he said this is the
most bullish indicator he has seen so in
other words speculators are a contrarian
indicator they tend to be wrong you know
what are your thoughts no doubt about it
max I mean anybody that follows silver
like you and I do or that don't Clive
does you know that this is speculators
are constantly being wrong-footed by the
banks the banks sell them a whole bunch
of contracts and prices rising the specs
get way way over outside their bounds
long then they pull the rug out from
under them price falls the specs have to
sell that sell that the banks buy those
positions back and the whole wash rinse
cycle begins again well what's historic
about the time period right now is that
the for the first time anybody can
remember those large speculators as
they're called the hedge funds the
technical trading funds the like are
actually net short piling in net short
here it's $16 and what 50 cents an ounce
I mean they weren't shorting you know at
48 or 28 or anything like that they're
shorting now
and so again now for the really the
first time ever you've got the banks the
commercials as they're called on the on
the commitment of traders report moving
toward them being net long so this gets
back to maybe Jamie talked in his book I
mean they're getting ready to let price
rallies um so that the banks that are
long this time can profit and the specs
lose again let's talk for a second on
this term often heard commitment of
trader the CEO team reports anyone who
follows this market sees that term all
the time just review for us again what
that means every Tuesday there's a
survey that goes out at the Comex closed
and all the market participants have to
report at least on the very big ones
have to report their summary positions
whether they're long or short or whether
they're just have spreads that kind of
thing and again it's not it's not
necessarily a training tool because the
information rather conveniently by for
the bank's isn't released until Friday
seventy four hours later but if you
follow this information every week like
we do at my site then you can begin to
see trends over time and we've been
following this stuff obviously for
almost ten years and when the when the
speculators get overly long like I said
whether it's in gold or silver you know
that the price is about to get smashed
the absolute opposite is now true the
speculators are historically short which
by using that same logic as you
mentioned with Clyde would climb onto
saying but he was that same logic the
price of getting ready to go higher this
time what it needs is a spark max I
mentioned on my site yesterday we talked
about Newton's first law of motion right
uh an object at rest will stay at rest
until some kind of force is applied to
it so you could have this bullish
commitment of traders report and all
these specs that are short and price
could just keep going sideways almost
indefinitely what we need is some kind
of technical breakout to get these these
funds these trading funds these hedge
funds which take their cues from
technical indicators like a moving
average or something like that
we need a technical breakout to start as
a spark I guess to start a fire of a
short squeeze that happens we can get a
pretty sharp rally pretty quick in
silver and then hopefully that's
something we can build on
from there talking about sparks that
sounds like a good segue into my next
question here aside from technical
analysis on a fundamental basis
you've got the brink of several hot Wars
and trade wars happening around the
world how will this impact the price of
silver and precious metals well it
certainly impact gold you would think at
least that Comex price of gold I think
you mentioned earlier I mean is it
really determined by supply and demand
by people wanting physical gold or is it
just simply the price of the gold
exposure the derivative contract and the
demand for that and a lot of times you
know the tick for tick day by day
movement of that price is just simply a
reflection of what's going on in forex
or the bond market so I you know you see
global events geopolitical crises and
things like that you think people want
gold but do they really want gold
physical gold or they just want some
gold exposure they can turn on and throw
away when things calm down so you look
at that and you think it should be gold
positive but we'll see I think more
importantly this trade war stuff you
talk about is going to impact the dollar
probably the most in the months ahead
and if the dollar continues to fall as
it has since the beginning of last year
then you'll likely see gold prices
continue higher and one chart we're
following max if anybody can pull up a
weekly chart of gold and you go back and
look over the last five years you can
see almost a perfect symmetrical rounded
bull shaped bottom on that chart if you
break the price out about 1,400 it'll
break out out of that bull and all of a
sudden everybody in there brother you
know it's gonna be writing about gold
and look at the breakout 5 years it's
finally breaking out and then it can
really start to get into kind of a
virtuous cycle of higher highs and more
momentum so as we go into the summertime
I think that's level for people to watch
you want to watch $1,400 gold and if
that can happen and will probably drag
silver with it maybe will set off that
short squeeze we just talked about and
maybe for once we'll have something fun
to talk about in the precious metals the
geopolitical factor as you point out may
or may not be the trigger or the spark
that sets off a rally but it is
interesting to note that if there is
some geopolitical tension seemingly the
way that the countries are lined up it
appear as though there are US dollar
based countries versus countries that
have been accumulating gold Russia China
Iran I supposed as well so that seems to
be really what this next war is gonna be
about now finally Craig big drumroll
please because the big the big question
of the day going back over the summer we
had two things happened concurrently
price of Bitcoin got to twenty thousand
dollars a coin and the futures contract
was launched for Bitcoin since that date
we've seen nothing but lower prices on
Bitcoin is this is there a connection in
your view what are your thoughts Craig
well max as you might imagine I know
there's a lot going on with Bitcoin
we've got the jack Japanese you know
that mount docks liquidations and things
like that that people want to hang the
hat on and not obviously price really
rallied hard for that maybe that period
between Thanksgiving and Christmas last
year and was due for a correction but as
you said the price peak came for Bitcoin
came on December 18th that's the exact
same date that the CM II started trading
Bitcoin future so as you might imagine
given my propensity to see the bank's
dirty fingerprints everywhere I'm I'm
more than happy to lay most of this
decline at the feet of the banks now I
would let's look at it this way though
max our friend Ned Naylor Leyland
famously described the gold market as
the the futures tail wags the spot dog
and then what the you know and so what
the banks do is they manipulate the
futures market and that makes the spot
price move and what I see is the
opposite in Bitcoin the bank's
manipulate the spot price and get the
futures price to move and because of the
volume and liquidity and bitcoin is
still so small
think of it this way a lot of that I
think a lot of that price rise in
November and December was banks
accumulating Bitcoin ahead of the
futures and now they can take a position
in futures short wait and dump a
thousand or 2,000 Bitcoin at an
inopportune eliquid time smash the price
10% and then cover their Bitcoin short
for more training profits and you've got
the opposite of what net always
described you have the
spot dog wagging the futures tail I
think that's what's going on here I
think the banks are messing around with
the price doing it solely for their own
profit and once the banks got involved
into Bitcoin it may just have ruined it
for everybody doesn't mean that you know
that all coins and in cryptocurrency are
dead I mean maybe it just means we got
to start looking at other coins now that
there's Bitcoin fuse you got to look at
something that doesn't have a futures
contract attached to it for us oh oh oh
you mean like Mac's coin exactly or - or
like coin or any of those yeah they
always say that that max coin telegram
group is skyrocketing in membership
every day that seems to be in the future
there's no George Soros there's no
JPMorgan right anyway Craig I think the
point you're making and what net Nathan
Leyland points out really a fantastic
points that anyone in the Bitcoin
community needs to they take this on
board and review your comments they're
about the cash price and the futures
price and how I'm like gold and silver
it's actually kind of a reverse
situation but we got to cut it off there
Craig thanks so much being on the Kaiser
report always a pleasure max all right
well that's gonna do it for this edition
of the Kaiser report with me max Kaiser
and Stacy Robert like--they're guess the
infamous the notorious the fantastic
Craig hemp key of TF metals if you want
to catch us on twitter it's Kaiser
report until next time bye
