there is a channel existing between the
Russian and the United States military
both between the capitals and on the
ground on Syria and I believe the
military discussed and continued to
discuss this and other things very
professionally they understand each
other and they understand maybe better
than anyone else the danger of this kind
of adventure I am NOT in the guessing
business what I know is that when some
time ago the three Western countries who
are leading this this crazy campaign
said if Assad uses chemical weapons then
we would use force you know I believe
that was a signal to the bad guys
including white helmets to stage a
provocation now after they struck on the
14th of April they say again if you do
this again we would use force again this
is another invitation to the opposition
to the extremists to resume fighting
which they did already there would be
consequences we lose basically the last
remnants of trust to our Western friends
who prefer to operate on the basis of
very weird logic proof isn't the
punishment
they've punished first like they did in
Salisbury then they wait for Scotland
here to finalize the investigation they
punish first in duma in syria and then
they wait for the inspectors of OPCW to
visit the place and to inspect do you
feel you're in a new Cold War well I
think it's worse well because during the
Cold War there were channels of
communication and there was not there
was no obsession with Rossa phobia which
looks like you know genocide by
sanctions
you have hard talk you know we have we
want hard facts and highly likely is
really ridiculous and the policies of
our western France sorry when you say
highly likely you mean the assessment
that chemical weapons were used in duma
by the assad government forces no I said
I said highly likely as a new invention
of the British diplomacy to describe why
they punish people because these people
are highly likely guilty like and you
know in Ellison Mandal and Lewis Carroll
when he described a trial and when they
discovered that the jury could be
engaged and the king sent let's let's
ask the jury and the Queen shouted no
jury sentence first verdict afterwards
that's that's the logic of highly likely
