hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
the us-led attack on Syria is a gross
violation of international law
furthermore Western public still have
not been presented with evidence the
Syrian government used any chemical
weapons a new phase of the Syrian proxy
war has needlessly been opened up
another war of choice
crosstalking the West attack on Syria
I'm joined by my usual suspects mark
sloboda he's an international affairs
and security analyst and of course we
have Dimitri Babak he is a political
analyst with Sputnik International all
right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means he can jump in anytime
you want and I always appreciate it
let's do a post-mortem here mark and
Dima it's only been a day or so since
the u.s. along with Britain and France
attacked Syria their usual suspects the
usual suspects illegally under
international law there was no mandate
from the United Nations Security Council
to do this but you know it's described
in the mainstream as a military attack I
think was a political attack I think it
was theater this is what they really
wanted here break it out for us yeah
we've seen this show before yeah I mean
we were in varying degrees in different
conflicts we saw this show a year ago
when Donald Trump made another cosmetic
attack again under the pretext of
chemical weapon use and later no more
than nine months after that incident the
secretary US Secretary of Defense Mad
Dog Madison mitad actually we have no
real evidence that Assad every year in
two months ago we had the Russian
Ministry of Defense come out and tell us
that they were expecting another pretext
a staged chemical weapon attack and the
one thing that the Western media will
never tell you is who was in control of
Douma this is the saudi-backed literally
head shopping Wahhabi jihadists of Jaysh
al-islam literally they call themselves
the army of Islam this was in who is in
control of Duma right and there were a
there's no Western journalists on the
ground with them of course there's a
couple of local gang goes paid by the US
government white helmets white helmets
syrian-american Medical of information
saying there is an interesting detail
that I would like to add during all of
the Syrian war several Western
journalists were kidnapped and they were
not never kidnapped by us what for
they were always kidnapped by the
so-called opposition fighters moderates
and the moderates Mathew Schreiber a
photographer an American photographer it
basically was was tortured when he was
held hostage day curico
an Italian journalist was taken hostage
by the group that the West supported and
he had to go through enormous
humiliations before they let him go so
the same story with Duma why are there
no Western journalists there because
these it's not safe not just safe it's
safe that they're going to do something
bad to you you know why are there
Western journalists in Beirut in
Damascus you know in Beirut under this
terrible Hezbollah which is so dangerous
you know killing people a terrorist
organization which happens happens to
oppose Israel you know so you know
hypocrisy is is absolute here but coming
back to your question well I think it
was a media attack and it was absolutely
senseless but very risky why was it
senseless there was no ground troops
back up for this action so it was just
senseless you know it's not - something
must be done okay well who gained out of
this okay so there's several reasons
this attack was carried through right
the first one is that the organization
of prohibition of chemical weapons
inspectors were supposed to arrive in
Douma to investigate the site and check
whether chemical weapons were used and
if they were used who used them right
because it's very possible that these
rebels who rebels quote jihadis who have
a history of using chemical weapons
before you know staged this thing
themselves the attack seemingly before
any investigation by international
inspectors was to take place seemingly
was designed to curtail that supposedly
they're still going to go ahead with
that now so if that was the goal they
haven't done it the second of all one of
it is national prestige drawing drawing
red lines right nikki Haley said when
our president meaning not Obama draw
a red line he enforces a red line
however we've got a tweet a year a
couple years ago the only reason
President Obama wants to attack Syria is
to save face over his very dumb red line
statement do not attack Syria
fix your city that was Donald Trump
anything here treatment for me you know
it it's almost has nothing to do with
Syria it has everything to do with
Donald Trump looking for people to adore
him it's remarkable but sad this is the
only issue he seems to be able to get
support across the political spectrum
and is being going on the international
stage like a hammer looking for nails
here okay he was praised across the
board for this also also there always is
the element of diversion okay there's a
lot of things going on with the
investigation of his campaign of himself
of his family this is a distraction we
can say to resume has done exactly the
same thing so in the UK and McCrone I
guess he just is a little Napoleon okay
running to lead Europe or something like
McCrone is facing one of the biggest
strikes in in French history so he
probably had the only real reason to
deflect attention because I don't
believe in Trump's collusion with Russia
and I don't believe that the reason may
you know is is really absolutely clean
on scrip our fair which is sympathy for
in a part right but anyway you know
coming back to the uselessness of this
section the Western tradition has no
replacement for offset in 2013 if okay
what is this me does this mean that they
can't accept defeat in Syria is this
what this is all about not only because
I agree with you I've said repeatedly
for years on this program what do you
want a black flag flying over Damascus
no no no that's not what one nobody
tells me what they want well in 2013 if
Obama had bombed the Syrian troops then
and there was a very big chance of that
happening you know then the Islamic
state which was declared a few weeks
afterward but which had all
infrastructure all the fighters all the
arms deployed the Islamic state would
have replaced asset they would have
taken all the chemical weapons which
were not yet destroyed you know which
were left intact and then our today's
problems would seem in school you know
to us compared to what we would have
seen after the Islamic state they
condemn us okay but there still is no
American / Western Syria policy even
after this yeah there is a policy and I
I disagree this was not because the West
can't accept that they haven't succeeded
in regime change in Syria the partition
and military occupation of eastern Syria
and by northern Syria by Turkey is about
that there's another reason that this
occurred this maintains the the policy
and the acceptance by the world that the
US has the ability to scream weapons of
mass destruction right whether it's Iraq
you know we've had similar occurrences
in Libya there they cry a genocide the
use of these weapons in the UK as a
pretext right
yeah the UK is another example they have
the they believe they have the ability
to scream weapons of mass destruction
and then unilaterally outside the bounds
of international law attack everyone
they want with this existential
situation created by these supporters
with this versa though is that it
encourages groups in Syria and around
the world presumably you can use these
weapons and you can look for an American
reaction you know it's wag the dog here
I mean if there's numerous cases or
these rebel groups jihadi groups have
used chemical well Hamid are louche the
head of Jaish al-islam the the jihadi
group that was in charge of Duma when
this supposed an attack occurred he
called the attack of force he's very
unhappy with the scale of the attack
that he dialed into Washington he's
extremely upset and luckily though nikki
Haley said in her rigid speech the u.s.
is locked and loaded if Assad uses
poison gas again so
to Muhammad are louche you know when the
Syrian army comes to liberate it Lib
from the jihadis or Dada or Homs
all you've got to do is send out the
stairs who's gonna die away the white
helmets dial in another attack and it
will happen again there's not it's only
a question of when
how soon yeah we'll be right back where
we are today then well or worse back in
a World War 3 the worst thing about this
situation is that it is so easy to to
provoke another strike I mean you just
need a few days now after the alleged
chemical attack in 2013 it took them a
few weeks to prepare right but the
attack was very dangerous because the
Russians could have responded from the
Caspian Sea bike liberal missiles
you know deployed on our submarines and
vessels there were several Russian
frigates nearby which could respond
respond by their anti-aircraft you know
missiles there was as for hundreds
inside Syria so we're not used yes they
were not used the Russian Defense
Ministry specifically said that they
were not used all the missiles that were
struck down there is a big debate how
many of them you know the Syrian side it
says 73 out of 103 maybe less but they
were all struck down by all Soviet and
system that the Syrian government you
hearing were because you have okay so
there's there's two different versions
of this attack coming out from
Washington we hear that they fired a
hundred and five cruise missiles of
various sorts right some of them their
most advanced stealth ones and so on
that they say they've used and that all
of them hit their targets this is this
is what we've heard all of them week we
have a new Baghdad Bob her name is Dana
White she's the Pentagon spokeswoman I'm
just tell me guys what what has a better
ring to it
is it DC Dana or Washington White I'm
undecided she said that
the u.s. missiles none more intercepted
and all hit their targets meanwhile the
Russian side is saying that the u.s.
fired 103 missiles and that 71 of those
were intercepted hold that thought we're
gonna go to a hard break here after that
short break we'll continue our
discussion on Syria stay with our team
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lebel to
remind you were discussing Syria
okay let's finish up on that numbers
game here because we like you were
saying there's there's some radically
different narratives but then again it's
Syria and that's what you get in the
media very different the US says that
only three sites were targeted they they
they supposedly fired a hundred and five
missiles which is just over double what
they fired last year at many Less
targets Russia says they fired it eight
targets and that several of those all
the missiles were knocked down the u.s.
claims that these were chemical weapon
research facilities now why would why
would you target these kind of
facilities wouldn't they have chemical
weapons even after given the Nobel Peace
Prize to obesity allegedly finding the
agency was on the ground interviewing
people at one of these bars a research
facility most of these targets were in
Greater Damascus so within an urban area
there was no release of any kind of
chemical weapons
no precursors even if they were binary
agents nothing and nothing dangerous was
let out now this this office they're
right the OPCW the organization of
prohibition of chemical weapons has
inspected this site twice the last
inspection was just six months ago was
in November right just over half a year
ago they used to have an office in this
building the organization of the UN's
organization program then they used the
labs and they cooperated fully with them
right the AFP journalist asked one of
the employees of this lab all right you
know if they were making chemical
weapons and he said if there were
chemical weapons we would not be able to
stand here you wouldn't be able to ask
me those questions right it's ridiculous
no it is ridiculous because Western
media never asked honest questions
Benjamin a nice new install of this well
the same day the French Defense Ministry
issued a statement that all our missiles
also hit their targets and we can pride
ourselves on doing this probably they
haven't read that's already removed is
this a marketing
strategy further for these artists
making like they're Patriots IIIi don't
think the u.s. is doing a very good job
of showcasing their web okay the the
Syrian Observatory for Human Rights this
make it short yeah is Rami abdul-rahman
this F s a propagandist in Coventry UK
right this one guy who has been quoted
in numerable times by the Western press
to put inflate casualty numbers and
everything like this he disagrees with
the US assessment he says that over 65
of the u.s. missiles were shot down not
only that but he did not agree that
chemical weapons were used in duma at
all he said that the people that were
killed were killed in the bombing right
the bombing of the the jihadi
headquarters there so if you can't even
get Rami to play around with with your
hoax basically what a bad joke I think
that with the exception of this instance
here I always think the opposite when I
read what he writes okay Dima let's talk
about something really important here
again that gets no coverage in the
mainstream Russia hasn't reacted well I
think the reason why the Russian anti
missiles did not strike down these
missiles and that was you know confirmed
by all Ministry of Defense is because we
didn't want to make it a rehearsal for
an attack against Russia
remember Russia is the weaker weaker
side in this future conflict here
Russia's defense spending is 27 percent
of what NATO's European allies spend on
their defense so if we show all of our
trumps now if we kind of you know
demonstrate all they're all Russia's
defence capability that would simply
encourage that whenever you have
whenever you have a stronger attack
encyc a stronger aggressor and the
weaker side defendants up when you the
weaker side was a situation like that
you have to be smarter okay you always
have to be small have to be smarter and
you have to be kind of you can't show
all of your over your Trump's before
there's like an alternative here they
made a deal mark
and they made a deal they didn't make
very many jurors deal if you know when
you have a strike like that the military
people are very nervous when they see
cruise missiles when they see the planes
they might not get the message from
their commanders that you know don't
shoot at them you know during the attack
like that always you have radio
electronic fighters we call it you know
you may not get all the messages from
your commanders so it was a very
dangerous situation at the same time
seems to me they wanted to make sure
this they they had and they avoided any
kind of direct complication yeah I
disagree with that assessment as a
military veteran whatsoever both Russia
and the US have used both Syria and
other conflicts as testing ground for
their weapons and Russia has tested
numerous of its weapons plus if you have
a deterrent like supposedly the most
advanced air defense system in the world
you want to make sure it's used to
demonstrate its capability right and
this would have been a perfect
opportunity firing just an and men's
unmanned cruise missiles to prove that
they did not and also it would have been
a great marketing tool to sell the
weapon right Russia's eager to sell the
s400 they did not now so I agree a deal
was struck here despite the the
protestations from both sides there were
no fatalities in these bombings none not
one there were three injuries no
fatalities all of these facilities were
evacuated days before the before the
incident a deal was obviously the first
thing I said this is put this is a
political strike this is political there
was an agreement between Russia not to
fire at the cruise missiles right and
still the Syrian defense supposedly
managed to knock down this antiquated
Panther s ones that Russia has given
Syria and so on the short-range right
right so I have a problem with this
there's a short-term advantage it
prevents at least temporary a larger
strike although the next time the
jihadis dial one in will be right back
in the same situation again right so it
prevents a short-term strike and it
prevents an immediate World War three
situation there's a lot of problems with
this though that I criticize the Kremlin
for one it sends a signal to all of
Russia's allies that if Russia is not
willing to defend you from a direct US
attack
even if Russia has troops and base based
legally in your country second of all it
maintains this ability of the u.s. to
attack you laterally without a receipt
but I don't know if you can square the
circle here I mean three facilities
empty were destroyed nobody died okay
it's it's more than the number of people
that died it there are precedents that
are set there are long term strategic
interests and precedents that are set
this maintains the international legal
violation that the US can attack
countries like this by claiming weapons
of mass destruction without any military
I want is Foursquare I wanted to go do
yes it's what I wanted to go because I
think to me the biggest the biggest
fatality in all of this is watching the
US Britain in France the way they dance
on the global stage with impunity I mean
we had we had may said I mean this is
Prime Minister Mei Mei said that it was
a move - it was a quote clear message to
anyone else who thinks they can use
chemical weapons with impunity well cool
who is behaving with impunity right now
this is destroying international law the
United Nations I mean you even had
member countries they say why is there
even any votes on these resolutions
anymore because we know that soccer to
go any in the UK there was a big debate
in the last during the last week whether
the Parliament should or shouldn't
approve it and this time the majority
the majority of voices you know was in
favor of having the Parliament decide
upon it you know in in France it's it's
one day after the strike that President
McCrone informed you know the Parliament
all the reasons why he took the decision
to strike nice way to treat things but
in general if you look at the situation
in Britain at least in 2013 the
Parliament voted against it in the
United States at least Obama in the last
moment opted for basically because it's
only made a deal with the Russians okay
with France there was
never never any problem about striking
so when I hear there's a lot of voices
in Russia which say oh it's the United
States force in Europe to behave like
that poor France you know it is occupied
pool Germany is occupied no we disap and
they share the same ideology and coming
back to that very important question
about Russia's reaction basically Russia
Russia in this situation opted for you
know a deal why because I'm not sure it
was a very widely publicized deal
because there were lots of interviews
with Russian military specialists right
you know days before the strike and they
were all afraid that the strike would be
real the real strike would be going
after us trying to destroy him
physically you know striking at the
government buildings in Baghdad sorry in
in Damascus
if the Western sites had done this then
the Russian but in the waifus would
believe in a way both sides blinked III
agree with that assessment and the
result of that is that everything has
been temporarily swept away but will
resurface the next time this this
happens and the way you have to remind
everyone this happens it's a sort of
what I know but the interesting thing is
it's we could because the the the end of
Isis ISIL is within reach here and every
time we get to that point with the the
Syrian army you know victory is within
its grasp then we get one of these what
I think is a false flag these chemical
attacks here now okay and we'll see it
again with a glib and others it has to
be said again this was a both against
both international and domestic law the
international law says the only time
that you can use force is when you have
a resolution by the Security Council
authorizing force to rectify a violation
of international peace and security
agreed to by all five of the permanent
members or in a very limited sense of
real existential self-defense right and
neither one is clearly it's also against
US domestic law right because
the Congress for the up teams time has
willingly abdicated their their War
Powers where they have to declare war
and and this continues and this is
Congress to debate that and they will
not do it it's not it's not like it's 30
seconds here it's not like Trump or
Obama was taking all the powers it's
Congress willingly giving it away in the
responsibilities
20 seconds teaming for one important
detail you know when there were rumors
about Trump's collusion with Rush you
know this mythical collusion back in
2016 when he won the election all Europe
was very concerned they said that Trump
was a threat to European security I am
quoting there their voices at the mall
to summit now that Trump really did
something really dangerous when he did
it in a rude way calling President Assad
an animal saying that Russia should
prepare for nice smart missiles that's
not a threat he's acting presidential he
has the support of the allies that tells
you a lot about Europe I sense a lot
about Europe and in the West in general
many thanks to my guests here in Moscow
this is the end of our broadcast segment
stay with us for the extended version on
our youtube channel see you next time
and remember crosstown rules
now for the extended version of our
program political potpourri where we
talk whatever's on our mind here mark
yeah back to international law okay and
and this attack because I think it's the
big picture because it's the first
sentence of this program I agree yeah
so the the British government the US
government as far as I know did not even
put out they didn't even bother to put
out a legal rationale further further
there is one but they didn't release it
to the public okay the British
government did they put out a
thousand-word bit of gobbledygook
claiming common law and and and
hypocritical selective use of human
rights and everything and claiming a
sought as bad is there they're good and
they have the right to act right I think
Craig Murray the former British
ambassador summed it up best when he
said he tweeted when the government's
legal justification justification for
bombing is 1000 words long yet contains
no reference to the UN Charter Security
Council decisions to any treaty or
International Court ruling
you know it's complete and utter
bullshit and the satirical Twitter
account Karl sorrow
I think summed it up even better quoting
what he says is an ancient Western
proverb you can't make an omelet without
breaking international law that's how we
started out that the program here and
and I agree with mark this is what this
is what hurts me the most is because we
have an international order that is
disintegrating but if you look at these
posture reports coming out under the
Trump administration its China hits
Russia it's red it's North Korea that
threatened the international order no it
is the architects of the international
order putting the international order
under threat I mean we can go back I
studied history it's what I did my
academic work in I mean the United
Nations today is looking more and more
like the League of
nations in the interim here you're
talking about the wrong international
order you're talking about the
international order established
post-1945 of the UN non-interference in
domestic affairs and China wanting that
charter to be enforced to bring it back
all right
the actual revisionist powers right
revanchist actually the west they're
referring always to the liberal
international order the post Bretton
Woods solidified in 1992 of the unipolar
hegemony where the West can act with
complete impunity that is theory for the
sea world see the problem is is that
Britain I agree with mark because from
1992 to the president that is an
aberration it's an aberration in history
it is not the norm and this is what the
neoliberals
in post modernist cannot understand
automatic says let's look at the
beginning of the UN Charter any wool or
a threat of war is illegal right what
was you know Trump's phrase we can
strike any time any time what was it if
not a trap of war you know when Obama
talked about all the options on the
table on the table about Iran what was
it if not the threat of war so these
people are reaping the world every
secondly the interesting thing for me in
all this thing again I don't see it
Syria as being actually at the very
center of this and if you look at Donald
Trump's tweets okay I'm sure there will
be many doctoral dissertations in the
future about Twitter diplomacy but it
seems to me he's transmigrated here this
is what it's it was really focused on
Russia it would this attack it was the
show Russia that it needs to back away
from but you know from Syria which it's
not going to do love you know I don't
understand why people even think about
that it's been pushed to this in a
complete 180 by the neo cons and the
establishment and they're still gonna
try to impeach him okay all caps again
to our very foolish leader do not attack
Syria if you do
very many bad things will happen from
this fight the u.s. gets nothing now
that was the campaign Donald Trump
sending a message to his future neocon
hijacked self about Syria we've talked
about this before in the program and
again I don't I can't I don't have an
answer for the question that I'm about
to pose what does he get from this he
got a three-hour reprieve before they
went I guess that's it for me Daniel
that's it I guess that's it while
putting world peace at stake
he got midterm elections forget is that
the only way you look presidential in
the 21st century Zakaria is he bought
five words of praise from Angela Merkel
from Emmanuel macron his arc enemies in
2017 as soon as she started killing
people farad Fareed Zakaria
called him acting presidential and now
after he destroyed the feuds take this
Fields because we could say anything we
wanted explain to me how this exercise
in futility in attacking Syria against
international how does that play into
the North Korean gambit of our next
month mark good bad and different guy
got I think it's going to be pretty bad
okay
though I've read a analysis from The
Blob that say just the reverse yeah III
again I agree with Victor who's not here
with us this week that there absolutely
will be no meeting it completely shoots
that and it will the US will block any
further progress try to block any
further progress between North and South
Korea and and the media will willingly
as they did with Syria play along with
this now the independent journalist
Michael Tracy the tweeted media has
spent the last week openly lusting for
you yeah I mean cell evading for yet
another Michael at war poll and yet you
don't hear the typical hand ringers
screaming the
is not normal because it really is
normal and that's the problem that's
that's extremely well phrased I really
like that because we've become normal is
an aberration and this is what makes it
a very dangerous time what we have been
talking about international law I think
the people like Oleg Deripaska and
Alexei Miller you're talking about
sanctions again I'm talking about
sanctions I'm talking about the people
who had some of the biggest enterprises
in Russia and who were subjected to
sanctions by the United States last week
now the United States is promising
another package of sanctions because of
Russia's continued support for us at
then that's a nice I mean the viewers of
this program you know it gets really
good is it there were two phrases you
have mark decoupling and what was it you
you had to to terms for it because I
like these sanctions okay I like them
okay because I still haven't forgiven
how these people these men made their
money in the night substitution
self-sufficiency the point is that
people in Russia have been saying what
we are saying now for many years but the
billionaires didn't want to believe that
the billionaires financed the liberal
media so-called liberal media which kept
telling Russia yeah but these same
billionaires had a romance with Western
this is what they get in return them
when they get the rule of law but
private actually if they listen to us
and what we say now they could have
saved their 16 billion that they lost
well virtually lost because it's crazy
money you know at the stock exchange
but last week they lost 16 billions of
mmm justice takes a long time price well
the point is that immediately the media
they turned on Trump with this almost
immediately when they saw that there
wasn't going to be any more attacks they
turned on him and they said this wasn't
enough right that media did this the
Democrats in Congress the neo cons the
comment
they were not happy this was not enough
right but Trump did lose people over
this he led you brought this up he had
lost his anti-globalist online right
base right first of all there were the
establishment figures Carl Tucker and
cult or Laura Ingraham Alex Jones some
of his biggest supporters all condemned
him in the strongest terms honest
Michael Savage
the radio host conservative radio host
in the u.s. he tweeted we lost the war
machine is bombing Syria no evidence I
saw did it sad war mongers hijack our
nation watch more he also lost these
these new alright Mike chernevich
Cassandra Fairbanks right these people
were you know they lost thousands of
followers over the hours people whom
they said we're playing by our the our
team mentality right or wrong but these
are people who chose policy and
principle it is over the koi this is
what I've been observing ever since they
of the I guess leavin the first strike
last year on Syria is that this need
that the deep state is taking layer
after layer of his his supporters away
this was maybe not huge but maybe it's
there's some there's some units well
then there's some evidence in some
congressional districts their districts
during the presidential election this
anti-war sentiment made a difference
okay
he's losing that block here so we're
gonna see where it goes last word goes
to you diamond well I think from the
Western media we saw demonization during
the last two weeks demonization that
it's extreme against President Assad and
we saw some very strange new heroes I
just love the way the New York Times
described described stormy Daniels from
an honest human student to such
greatness spokesman the Russian
disinformation campaign has already
begun there has been a 2,000 percent
increase in Russian trolls 2,000 per
second 68
I don't know where they got this room I
can confirm you this there has been a
two billion percent increase in pentagon
mouthpieces and mainstream media shills
dismissing any critical american voices
denying their pretext their narratives
and their wars of a foreign conquest
anyone who disagrees with this is a
Russian troll I'm out there we end the
segment in our extended version here we
hope you have enjoyed it remember
crosstalk rules and see you next time
