this week saw another wave of clashes
between police and environmental
activists near the French city of nond
tensions in the area have escalated
since the deployment of thousands of
police officers earlier in the week
activists known as sadist have protested
for a decade against the construction of
a new airport near the city some even
build makeshift houses and moved in but
since plans for the new transport hub
were finally rejected in January police
have been trying to forcefully evict
them
our France correspondent Salah Dubinsky
is following the event but the standoff
continues on Sunday between the police
and the sadist if you just look behind
me this is just one of the many barriers
you can see the shot da Marie just here
but they're also in the fields behind us
as we were trying to come through those
fields earlier just rows and rows and
rows of police even coming into the area
of noctilum de land on Sunday
there were police cordons around the
entire area at checking ID as people
were coming into the site and that's
because the sadist had called for action
for people to come and support them on
Sunday to support their attempts to stay
on this land land that many people have
been living on for the last ten years
let's take a look at what happened
earlier this week as the expulsion of
the sadist speak an what's happening now
is this is the battle between the police
CRS or the government and the protesters
the sadist who say that this is their
land and they will do anything they can
to defend it they've been throwing
bottles and they've been throwing fire
at the police and the police have been
responding in kind with tear gas at
times it felt like the start of the sky
was raining with tear gas here and our
colleagues are teas video agency were
caught up in that tear gas well as you
can see now the scientists have lit fire
to one of these a barrier case the
police are just about a hundred meters
down in the distance red are waiting for
whether they're going to charge forward
and I just want you to just look around
me and you can see all of the smoke and
that is because it literally has been
raining down with tear gas here in not
for dandle and if you look behind me
there's a fire being lit in the
background it is incredibly difficult to
breathe and we keep being moved on by
that tear gas is actually clawing at my
skin because it hurts so much
but as you can see behind us the CRS and
the police have come into another
saddest point this is a point where a
couple of dozen people we're trying to
hold off you didn't see the police are
pushing them away
there's tear gas in the air already
they've brought dogs in as well there
are absolutely determined that they will
move those artists away from this camp
we saw one lone man with a placard
saying no violence he was taken away by
the police as he was trying to
peacefully resist what's happening here
what we can see is the police are now
trying to push everybody away a tactic
that we've seen earlier in the day where
they utilize by getting rid of all of
the saddest all the activists they can
then bring the bulldozers in to get rid
of these buildings
this is sheer brute force by the state
and it is working because they are
clearing this site a site that's been
occupied for many many years
that could be over faster than many
people thought it would be the clashes
are still continuing the tear gas is
still being spread while we're here in
the city of North which is about 30
kilometers south of not redundant land
has been plenty of tear gas and people
are saying they are incredibly angry
