in accordance with rule 37 of the
council's provisional rules of procedure
I invite the representative of the
Syrian Arab Republic to participate in
this meeting it is so decided the
Security Council will now begin its
consideration of item 2 of the agenda I
wish to warmly welcome the
secretary-general His Excellency mr.
Antonio Guterres and I give him the
floor
excellencies I've been following closely
the reports of airstrikes in Syria
conducted by the United States France
and the United Kingdom
last night at 22:00 hours of New York
the West's president announced the
beginning of airstrikes with
participation by France and the UK
indicating they were targeting the
chemical weapons capabilities at the
Syrian government and to deter their
future use his statement was followed by
announcements from Prime Minister May
and president McCrone the airstrikes
were reportedly limited to three
military locations inside Syria
the first target included the Syrian
scientific studies and research center
at Alma's Airport in Damascus the second
and a large chemical weapons storage
facility west of Homs and the third an
alleged chemical weapons equipment
storage sites and command post also near
Homs the Syrian government announced
surface-to-air missile response activity
both US and Russian sources indicated
there were no civilian casualties the
one is however unable to independently
verify the details of all these reports
mr. president a Secretary General of the
United Nations it is my duty to remind
Member States that there is an
obligation particularly when dealing
with matters of peace and security to
act consist
gently with the charter of the United
Nations and with international law in
general the UN Charter is very clear on
these issues mr. president
the Security Council has primary
responsibility for the maintenance of
international peace and security I call
on the members of the Security Council
to unite and exercise that
responsibility and I urge all members to
show restraint in these dangerous
circumstances and to avoid any acts that
could escalate matters and worsening the
suffering of the Syrian people as I did
yesterday I stressed the need to avoid
the situation from spiraling out of
control mr. president
any use of chemical weapons is abhorrent
the suffering it causes is horrendous I
have repeatedly expressed my deep
disappointment that the Security Council
failed to agree on a dedicated mechanism
for effective accountability for the use
of chemical weapons in Syria I urge the
Security Council to assume its
responsibilities and fill this gap and I
will continue to engage with member
states to help achieve this objective a
lack of accountability emboldened those
who use such weapons by providing them
with the reassurance that impunity and
this in turn further weakens the norm
prescribing the use of chemical weapons
and international disarmament and
non-proliferation architecture as a
whole mr. president
the seriousness of the recent
allegations of the use of chemical
weapons in Douma require this requires a
thorough investigation using impartial
independent and professional expertise
are you affirm my full support for the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons the OPC double and its
fact-finding mission in understating the
undertaking the required investigation
the team is already in Syria I am
informed that their operations plan to
visit the site is completed and that
they are ready to go
I am confident they will have full
access without any restrictions or
impediments to
perform their activities mr. president
allow me to report what I said yesterday
to repeat what I said yesterday Syria
today represents the most serious threat
to international peace and security in
Syria we see confrontations and proxy
wars involving several national armies a
number of armed opposition groups many
national and international militia
foreign fighters from everywhere in the
world and various terrorist
organizations from the beginning we have
witnessed systematic violations of
international humanitarian law
international human rights law and
international law to code in utter
disregard of the letter and spirit of
the United Nations Charter for eight
long years the people of Syria enjoyed
suffering upon suffering Syrians have
lived through a litany of Horrors
atrocity crimes CG starvation
indiscriminate attacks against civilians
and civilian infrastructure the use of
chemical weapons forced displacement
sexual violence torture detention and
enforced disappearance the list goes on
at this critical juncture I call on all
members to act consistently with the
charter of the United Nations at the
international law including the norms
against chemical weapons if the law is
ignored it is undermined there is no
military solution to the crisis the
solution must be political we must found
ways to make credible progress towards a
genuine and credible political solution
that meet the aspirations of the Syrian
people to dignity and freedom in
accordance with resolution 2254 and the
Geneva communique I've asked my special
envoy to come to New York as soon as
possible to consult with me on the most
effective way to accelerate the
political process Thank You mr.
president I thank the secretary-general
for his valuable briefing I will now
give the floor to those council members
who wish to make statements I give the
floor to the representative of the
Russian Federation
thank you sir the Russia Russia called
that for this urgent meeting of the
Security Council to discuss the
aggressive actions of the United States
and their allies against Syria this is
the fifth meeting on this topic just
this week the president of the Russian
Federation Putin made a special
statement today and I will quote him on
the 14th of April the United States
supported by its ally launched an
airstrike against military and civilian
targets of the Syrian Arab Republic
without a mandate from the United
Nations Security Council and in
violations of UN Charter and norms and
principles of international law an
aggression against a sovereign state was
carried out which is on the front line
and the fight against terrorism just as
one year ago when the Shia
air base in Syria came under attack the
United States used as a pretext a staged
chemical attack against civilians this
time in duma damascus suburb a russian
military experts did not find any traces
of chlorine or any other toxic agents
when they visited the site not a single
local resident was able to confirm that
a chemical attack had actually taken
place the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons
dispatched its experts to syria in order
to investigate all the circumstances
however in a sign of cynical disdain a
group of western countries decided to
take military action without waiting for
the results of the investigation russia
condemns in the strongest possible terms
the attack against Syria where Russian
military personnel are assisting the
legitimate government in its
counterterrorism efforts through its
actions the United States makes an
already catastrophic humanitarian
situation in Syria even worse and brings
suffering to civilians in fact the u.s.
panders to the terrorists who have been
tormenting the Syrian people
seven years leading to a wave of
refugees fleeing this country in the
region the current escalation around
Syria is destructive for the entire
system of international relations
history will deliver its verdict on
Washington already bears the heavy
responsibility for the bloody outrage in
Yugoslavia Iraq and Libya end of quote
Russia has done everything possible to
convince the United States and its
allies to refrain from their military
plans which could lead to a new spiral
of violence in Syria and destabilize the
Middle East the Secretary General of the
UN at the meeting of the Security
Council that we convened yesterday and
today has expressed his concern about
the way events have developed however in
Washington London in Paris preferred to
disregard calls to appeals to common
sense the United States and its allies
continue to demonstrate blatant
disregard for international law although
as permanent members of the Security
Council
they must be as especially firm in in
protecting the provisions of the UN
Charter it was shameful to hear how in
justifying the aggression an article of
the US Constitution was mentioned now we
have the greatest respect to the right
of each state to respect their own
founding law however Washington should
learn it's time for Washington to learn
that the international code of behavior
regarding the use of force is regulated
by the United Nations Charter it's
interesting how the people of Great
Britain and France what they will think
that when they find out that their
government is taking place is taking
part in an illegal military adventure by
referring to the American Constitution
you're constantly you're constantly
tempted by neo colonialism you have
nothing but disdain for the UN Charter
and the Security Council which you are
justifiably trying to use for your
illicit
there's no serious work that you're
doing in the Security Council
you know concede on't consult us and you
and mendacious lee claim otherwise
you've undermined the authority of the
Security Council as a pretext for
aggression
you mentioned the alleged use of
chemical weapons in the Syrian city of
Douma representatives of Russia after an
inspection by our experts unequivocally
stated that no such incident took place
furthermore there were people found who
took part in this staging and in fact
the inspires and organizes that staging
were foreign intelligence services after
this event the Syrian authorities
immediately invited experts from the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons so that they conduct a
field mission to duma in order to
establish the facts quickly of these are
formalities were resolved and guarantees
of security were provided at the time
the strikes were conducted experts were
already in syria and getting ready to
begin their work i want to recall to the
members of the security council and
everyone else that on the 10th of april
when our draft resolution on the secure
work of the special mission of the OPCW
was blocked we were assured of the fact
that such a document was not necessary
we were told that the mission without
any additional efforts by the Security
Council will go visit the the site and
conduct an investigation of the chemical
incident now it is clear that we were
absolutely right yesterday some of our
colleagues some of them naively some of
them cynically told us that's the reason
of the situation is supposedly a lack of
an independent investigative mechanism
the aggression has shown that that isn't
this not the issue at all as we stated
during last year's attack against the
Shia
air base there was the joint
investigative mechanism of the UN OPCW
that did not prevent the United States
from conducting a missile strike
afterwards the gym in fact made sure
that its conclusion
coincided with the reasons for the
American strike we have said many times
you don't need any investigations you
didn't need them then and you don't need
them today the organizers of the
aggression didn't even wait for the
elementary establishment of facts by an
international organization which is
authorized to do that they supposedly
determine everything for themselves and
determine who was guilty after given
that they themselves with the fighters
that were under their control and NGOs
that they control they disseminated all
kinds of rumors using social media they
confirmed this through so-called secret
intelligence mythical sit-ins mythical
seeking children ladies and gentlemen
the masks are rather white helmets or
what have once again fallen we are
already used to the fact that when they
conduct their doubtful geopolitical
policies the countries that are
aggressors already blame the regime of
Assad lately they tend to shift
responsibility to on Russia which
according to their interpretation cannot
control the dictator all this is based
on a scheme that is well that has been
well tried as a provocation as
mendacious mendacious accusations
verdict and punishment this is how you
want international affairs to be
conducted now this is hooliganism in
international relations and not minor
hooliganism given that we're talking
about major nuclear powers several
strikes were conducted against the
scientific research center in Barza and
Djem raya recently two inspections by
the OPCW were conducted with unimpeded
access to all facilities experts didn't
find any traces of activity that would
contravene the can the chemical web
convention the scientific facilities in
Syria are used only for peaceful
activity which is aimed at enhancing
economic the effectiveness of economic
activity of Syria you want Syria to have
no economy at all you want to throw this
country back into the Stone Age just a
few years ago this country was one of
the most developed countries in the
Middle East you want you want to finish
off what your sanctions haven't achieved
yet at the same time you're trying you
you are shedding crocodile tears about
the suffering of ordinary Syrians were
ordinary Syrians which who are tired of
war and they were happy that their
legitimate authorities have freed their
territory are not you're not interested
in their suffering your aggressive
actions contribute to worsening the
humanitarian situation which you are so
worried about according to your
statements in 24 hours you could stop
the conflict in Syria for this
Washington London in Paris only have to
give orders to to their hand-picked
terrorists to stop their fighting
against the legitimate authorities and
against their own people the strikes
were conducted against Syrian military
airfields which are being used in the
course of an operation against terrorist
organizations it's quite an original
contribution to the combat against
international terrorism as Washington
keeps repeating which as Washington
keeps repeating is the only goal of its
military presence in Syria we have
serious doubts about that it seems that
is clear that those in the West who
cover themselves with humanitarian
rhetoric are trying to and trying to
justify their action in Syria by
supposedly to defeat the jihadists are
actually aiming at dividing dismembering
the country this is confirmed by the
fact that the United States has refused
to take part in rebuilding the areas of
Ceri that have been freed from the
jihadists lastly your aggression is a
major strike and threat against the
possibility of continuing the political
process under the UN auspices which in
spite of objective difficulties was
moving forward at varying speeds so what
were your constant references to the
Geneva process worth if you yourself say
using your own action and your own
actions are destroying that process we
call on the United States and its allies
to immediately and the aggressive
actions against Syria and to refrain
from them in the future we are putting
forward for your attention a brief draft
resolution which we will demand a vote
on at the end of this meeting we would
like to address the members of the
Security Council today is not the time
to share shirk your responsibilities the
whole world is looking at you take a
principled stand thank you very cool I
thank the representative of the Russian
Federation for his statement and I now
give the floor to the representative of
the United States Thank You mr.
president
and thank you mr. secretary-general for
your briefing today this is our fifth
Security Council meeting in the past
week to address the situation in Syria a
week has gone by in which we have talked
we've talked about the victims in Duma
we've talked about the Assad regime and
its patrons Russia and Iran
we've spent a week talking about the
unique horror of chemical weapons the
time for talk and did last night we're
here today because three permanent
members of the United Nations Security
Council acted the United Kingdom France
and the United States acted not as
revenge not as punishment not as a
symbolic show of force we acted to deter
the future use of chemical weapons by
holding the Syrian regime risk
sponsible for its atrocities against
humanity we can all see that a Russian
disinformation campaign is in full force
this morning but Russia's desperate
attempts at deflect at deflection cannot
change the facts a large body of
information indicates that the Syrian
regime used chemical weapons in Duma on
April 7th there is clear information
demonstrating Assad's culpability the
pictures of dead children were not fake
news they were the result of the Syrian
regime's barbaric inhumanity and they
were the result of the regime and
Russia's failure to live up to their
international commitments to remove all
chemical weapons from Syria the United
States France and the United Kingdom
acted after careful evaluation of these
facts the targets we selected were at
the heart of the Syrian regime's illegal
chemical weapons program the strikes
were carefully planned to minimize
civilian casualties the responses were
justified legitimate and proportionate
the United States and its allies did
everything we could to use the tools of
diplomacy to get rid of Assad's arsenal
of chemical weapons we did not give
diplomacy just one chance
we gave diplomacy chance after chance
six times
that's how many times Russia vetoed
Security Council resolutions to address
chemical weapons in Syria our efforts go
back even further in 2013 the Security
Council passed a resolution that
required the Assad regime to destroy its
stockpile of chemical weapons Syria
committed to abide by the Chemical
Weapons Convention meaning it could no
longer have chemical weapons on its soil
President Putin said Russia would
guarantee that Syria complied we hoped
that this diplomacy would succeed in
putting an end to the horror of chemical
attacks in Syria but as we see from the
past year that did not happen
while Russia was busy protecting the
regime Assad took notice the regime knew
it could act with impunity and it did in
November Russia used its veto to kill
the joint investigative mechanism the
main tool we had to figure out who used
chemical weapons in Syria just as Russia
was using its veto the Assad regime used
sarin leading to dozens of injuries and
deaths Russia's veto was the green light
for the Assad regime to use these most
barbaric weapons against the Syrian
people in complete violation of
international law the United States and
our allies were not going to let that
stand
chemical weapons are a threat to us all
they are a unique threat a type of
weapon so evil that the international
community agreed they must be banned we
cannot stand by and let Russia trash
every international norm that we stand
for and allow the use of chemical
weapons to go unanswered and just as the
Syrian regime's use of chemical weapons
last weekend was not an isolated
incident our response is part of a new
course chartered last year to deter
future use of chemical weapons our
Syrian strategy has not changed
however the Syrian regime has forced us
to take action based on their repeated
use of chemical weapons since the April
2017 chemical attack at khan shaykhun
the United States has imposed hundreds
of sanctions on individuals and entities
involved in chemical weapons use in
Syria and North Korea we have designated
entities in Asia the Middle East and
Africa that have facilitated chemical
weapons proliferation
we have revoked the visas of Russian
intelligence officers in response to the
chemical attack and Salisbury we will
continue to seek out and call out anyone
who uses and anyone who aids in the use
of chemical weapons with yesterday's
military action
message was crystal clear the United
States of America will not allow the
Assad regime to continue to use chemical
weapons
last night we obliterated the major
research facility that it used to
assemble weapons of mass murder I spoke
to the president this morning and he
said if the Syrian regime uses this
poisonous gas again the United States is
locked and loaded when our president
draws a redline
our president enforces the redline the
United States is deeply grateful to the
United Kingdom and France for its part
in the coalition to defend the
prohibition of chemical weapons we
worked in lockstep we were in complete
agreement last night our great friends
and indispensable allies shouldered a
burden that benefits all of us the
civilized world owes them that thanks in
the weeks and months to come the
Security Council should take time to
reflect on its role in defending the
international rule of law the Security
Council has failed in its duty to hold
those who use chemical weapons to
account that failure is largely due to
Russian obstruction we call on Russia to
take a hard look at the company it keeps
and live up to its responsibilities as a
permanent member of the Council and
defend the actual principles the United
Nations was meant to promote last night
we successfully hit the heart of Syria's
chemical weapons enterprise and because
of these actions we are confident we
have crippled Syria's chemical weapons
program we are prepared we are prepared
to sustain this pressure if the Syrian
regime is foolish enough to test our
will thank you Larry cool a lot of I
want to thank the representative of the
United States for your statement and I
now give the floor to the representative
of the United Kingdom Thank You mr.
president mr. president these are
uncertain times and today we deal with
exceptional circumstance acting with our
American
French allies in the early hours of this
morning the United Kingdom conducted
coordinated targeted and precise strikes
to degrade Assad's chemical weapons
capability and deter their future use
the British Royal Air Force launched
storm shadow missiles at a military
facility some 15 miles west of Homs
where the regime is assessed to keep
chemical weapons in breach of Syria's
obligations under the Chemical Weapons
Convention full assessment has not yet
being completed but we believe the
strikes to be successful furthermore
none of the British US or French
aircraft or missiles involved in this
operation were successfully engaged by
Syrian air defences and there is also no
indication that Russian air defense
systems were employed our action was a
limited targeted and effective strike
there were clear boundaries that
expressly sought to avoid escalation and
we did everything possible including
rigorous planning before any action was
undertaken to ensure that we mitigated
and minimize the impact on civilians to
get our action will significantly
degrade the Syrian regime's ability to
research develop and deploy chemical
weapons and deter their future use the
UK prime minister has said we are clear
about who is responsible for the
atrocity of the use of chemical weapons
a significant body of information
including intelligence indicates the
Syrian regime is responsible for the
attack we saw last Saturday some of the
evidence that leads us to this
conclusion is as follows there are
open-source accounts alleging that a
barrel bomb was used to deliver the
chemicals multiple open source reports
claim a regime helicopter was observed
above the city of Douma
on the evening of 7th of April the
opposition does not operate helicopters
nor does it use barrel bomb
and reliable intelligence indicates that
Syrian military officials coordinated
what appears to be the use of chlorine
in duma on 7th of april mr. president no
other group could have carried out this
attack indeed - for example does not
even have a presence in duma the Syrian
regime has been killing its own people
for seven years its use of chemical
weapons which has exacerbated the human
suffering is a serious crime of
international concern as a breach of the
customary international law prohibition
on the use of chemical weapons and this
amounts to a war crime and a crime
against humanity any state is permitted
under international law on an
exceptional basis to take measures in
order to alleviate overwhelming
humanitarian suffering the legal basis
for the use of force for the United
Kingdom is humanitarian intervention
which requires three conditions to be
met number one that there is convincing
evidence generally accepted by the
international community as a whole of
extreme humanitarian distress on a large
scale requiring immediate and urgent
relief
I think the debates in this council and
the briefings we have had from Aceh
and others have proved that secondly it
must be objectively clear that there is
no practicable alternative to the use of
force if lives are to be saved
I think the vetoes have shown us that
and thirdly the proposed use of force
must be necessary and proportionate to
the aim of relief of humanitarian
suffering and must be strictly limited
in time and in scope to this aim and I
think we have heard both in my
intervention in the Ambassador Haleigh's
how that has also been met the history
of the Syrian conflict is a litany of
threats to peace and in violations of
international law Security Council has
met 113 times since the Syrian war
started it was therefore not for want of
international diplomatic F
that we find ourselves in this position
today after a pattern of chemical
weapons used since the outbreak of the
conflict Assad defied the international
community in 2013 by launching a sarin
gas attack on Eastern guter which left
more than 800 people dead
despite the adoption of resolution 2118
despite four years of patient engagement
Syria continues to use chemical weapons
against its people and has failed to
answer a long list of serious questions
the only conclusion we can reach is that
Syria had not declared or destroyed all
of its chemical weapons despite its
obligations under the Chemical Weapons
Convention this is not assertion on our
part but a matter of record and I draw
the Russian attention the Russian
ambassador's attention to his points
about Barzan and Jim Raya the OPCW still
has unanswered questions and
discrepancies
he knows this we all know this the
council was briefed by the OPCW direct
general resolution 2118 decides in the
event of non-compliance through impose
measures under Chapter 7 of the Charter
yet on 28th of February last year when
the UK together with France proposed a
resolution taking measures under Chapter
7 short of the use of force Russia
vetoed the very least this council
should have been able to do mr.
president was to follow up on the
findings of the Jim report by extending
its mandate yet four times Russia has
vetoed different proposals from
different council members to do just
that the Syrian regime and its
supporters are responsible for the
gravest violations of international
humanitarian law in modern history they
have used indiscriminate weapons notably
barrel bombs and cluster munitions
against civilians and they have
deliberately targeted medical facilities
and schools as well as humanitarian
personnel and civilian objects they have
used sieges and starvation as methods of
warfare
via tax on opposition-held civilian
areas the regime has persistently
obstructed humanitarian aid and medical
evacuations tens of thousands of people
have been illegally detained tortured
and executed by the regime this is one
of the most serious challenges to the
international non-proliferation regime
we have ever faced
a state party has violated the Chemical
Weapons Convention it has defied the
Security Council and it has broken
international law repeated attempts over
several years to hold them to account
have been met with Russian obstruction
and resistance we have repeatedly in
this council attempted to overcome this
obstruction and without success mr.
president we are faced with the litany
of violations no sense of guilt no sense
of regret no sense of responsibility a
shameful record wrapped in a mix of
denial deceit and disinformation mr.
president I would invite those like the
Russian ambassador who speak about the
Charter to consider the following it is
hard to believe that it is in line with
the principles and purposes of the
Charter to use or condone the use of
chemical weapons and in the United
Kingdom's view it cannot be illegal to
use force to prevent the killing of such
numbers of innocent people I will take
no lessons mr. president in
international law from Russia despite
all this mr. president we would like to
look forward the United Kingdom together
with France and the US will continue to
pursue a diplomatic resolution to the
Syrian crisis my French colleague will
say more about our work in a few moments
we believe it must comprise four
elements one Syria's chemical weapons
program must be ended and the chemical
weapons stockpiles destroyed once and
for all - there must be an immediate
cessation of hostilities and compliance
with all Security Council
Solutions and these include those which
mandate humanitarian access 3 the regime
must return to the Geneva talks and
agreed to engage on the substantial
agenda put forward by the UN Special
Envoy Staffan de Mistura for finally
there must be accountability for the use
of chemical weapons and other war crimes
in Syria
mr. president the secretary-general
rightly highlighted the political
process we proposed that was as the
Security Council will all be together
next weekend in the retreat with the
secretary-general very kindly hosted by
Sweden that we should use that
opportunity to reflect on next steps and
the way back to the political process
and with our allies we stand ready to
work with all members on the Security
Council towards this end thank you
Larry koala replacement until green
would like to thank the representative
the United Kingdom for his statement and
I now give the floor to the
representative of France mr. president a
week after the chemical weapons attack
in Duma and the day after yesterday
strikes let me say yet again to those
who are still wondering France has
absolutely no doubt about the Assad
regime's responsibility in this attack
this morning we published the report of
our intelligence services and we would
ask those who yet again are challenging
the evidence and distorting the facts in
the eyes of the world to review that
information mr. president for years
Bashar al-assad with the active support
of his allies has carried out a strategy
of destruction aimed at crushing all
opposition floating the most basic
principles of humanity and at the cost
of hundreds of thousands of civilian
lives in Syria we've seen this in Aleppo
Homs in eastern Goethe for years
the Syrian regime has used the most
terrifying weapons of mass destruction
chemical weapons to Massacre and
terrorize its civilian population we've
seen a further demonstration of this in
duma as we had seen in the past in
Honshu home in sad mean intel - or even
in - where its responsibility was
clearly established through the UN and
OPCW Jim no one can say that they did
not know for years the Syrian regime has
systematically and repeatedly violated
violated all of its international
obligations the list of its violations
is long it is overwhelming we are all
familiar with them violations of all the
international obligations on chemical
weapons under the CWC
to which Syria has been party since 2013
and of the Geneva Protocol of 1925 which
bans the use of these weapons against
civilians the violations of the very
underpinnings of international
humanitarian law which are the
principles of distinction precaution and
proportionality violations of successive
Security Council resolutions
21:18 2209 22:35 and in this way
obligations under the UN Charter the use
of chemical weapons against the civilian
population is tantamount to a war crime
in accordance with the statutes of the
ICC the secretary-general of the United
Nations in August of 2013 qualified use
of chemical weapons as a crime against
humanity in the face of repeated and
confirmed violations by the Damascus
regime of all rules underpinning our
security France is constantly called for
a strong response from the international
community we have carried out all
possible efforts to ensure that these
horrors do not go unanswered in the UN
and in the OPCW and that they must be
stopped the Security Council through its
successive resolutions 21 18 2209 20
2:35 has been committed to imposing
coercive measures under UN Charter
Chapter seven in the case of new
violations the Security Council was
unable to act in accordance with its
commitments
due to the systematic negative vote of
the veto used by Russia systemically
using its veto in the Security Council
and in so doing it has betrayed the
commitment it took in 2013 in this
council to guarantee the destruction of
the Syrian chemical arsenal the
stalemate in the Security Council in the
face of mass atrocities committed in
Syria is a deadly and dangerous trap and
we must get out of it mr. president when
it ordered the chemical attack on the
7th of April the Syrian regime knew full
well what it was doing once again it
wanted to test the threshold of the
international community's tolerance and
it found it in the face of this attack
on the principles and the values and the
laws are depending the action of the
United Nations silence is no longer a
solution we can no longer tolerate the
trivialization of the use of chemical
weapons which is an immediate danger to
the Syrian people and to our collective
security we cannot let the deadly genie
of proliferation out of the bottle we
clearly warned the Assad regime and its
allies that such a transgression would
not go unanswered we have kept our word
and we have acted in accordance with our
responsibilities we have done so in a
controlled and transparent fashion
making sure that we avoid any escalation
with current actors on the ground the
president of the Republic in the
Minister of Foreign Affairs have spoken
on this subject some who for years have
floated the most basic rules of
international law today or affirming
that our action runs counter to the UN
Charter and I would remind them that
that Charter was not designed in order
to protect criminals our action is in
line fully in line with the
goals and values proclaimed even in the
first lines of the UN Charter our
organizations mission is that I quote to
establish conditions under which justice
and respect for the obligations arising
from treaties and other sources of
international law can be maintained end
of quote
this action was indeed necessary in
order to face the repeated violations by
the Syrian regime of its obligations
obligations stemming from law from
treaties and from its own commitments
and finally our response was designed as
a proportionate and precise response
with specific targets the main research
center of the CW program and two major
production sites were also struck the
capacity to develop to perfect and
produce chemical weapons in Syria has
now been put out of service that was the
only objective and that objective has
been reached mr. president my country
knows firsthand the devastating effects
of chemical weapons which were used in
the first world war we can now no longer
allow for impunity for the use of
chemical weapons we will never sit down
we will continue to seek to identify
those responsible and bring them to
justice
that is the purpose behind the
partnership against impunity which we
launched last January mr. president
allow me to insist on this point
last night's strikes are a necessary
response given the chemical massacres in
Syria they are a response in line with
law and our political strategy to put an
end to the Syrian tragedy to be more
specific we have four imperatives on the
Syrian issue four imperatives which are
in the immediate interest of the Syrians
but also in the interest of the entire
international community as the UN
secretary-general reminded us and I
thank him for his briefing allow me to
recall them here firstly the dismantling
of the Syrian chemical program in a
verifiable and irreversible way this is
ascent
we must spare no effort to set up an
international attribution mechanism
prevent impunity and stop any repeat
attempts by the Syrian regime secondly
we must eradicate terrorism by defeating
- once and for all this is a
long-standing commitment but it requires
genuine efforts to ensure an ultimate
victory thirdly ceasefire throughout the
Syrian territory and humanitary access
to the civilian populations as required
by Security Council resolutions we must
have full and unfettered humanitarian
access in order to aid suffering people
in accordance with resolution 2401 it is
absolutely essential and urgent for
humanitarian convoys to reach eastern
goota on a daily basis in sufficient
safety fourthly we must have in crisis
exit strategy with a lasting political
solution we can only resolve the Syrian
crisis once and for all if there is an
inclusive political solution on the
basis of the full implementation of
Security Council resolution 2254 we have
called for this for seven years it has
never been so urgent to implement that
resolution and to launch true
negotiations under the auspices of the
United Nations in order to achieve
political transition in Syria
mr. president only this roadmap will
enable us once and for all to get out of
the Syrian stalemate France is prepared
as of today to work with all of those
who are prepared to put every effort
into this end in that spirit and at the
initiative of France and in line with
the statement made by President Emmanuel
McCall in the very near future where we
will be submitting a proper resolution
with our British and American partners
today I would ask first and foremost
Russia to call on Damascus to enter into
a negotiated solution so that we can put
an end once and for all to the
long lasting suffering of the civilian
people in Syria thank you I thank the
representative of France for his
statement and I now give the floor to
the representative of China Thank You
mr. president
I'd like to thank mr. section general
for his briefing only yesterday we were
gathered here in this chamber for an
open meeting on the situation in Syria
during which China made clear his
position on the issue of Syria and
expressed profound concern over the
further escalation of the tensions in
Syria made a clarion call for a
political solution to the issue of Syria
here I like to restate the following
China has consistently stood for a
peaceful settlement of disputes and
against the use of force in
international relations we advocate
respect for the sovereignty independence
unity and territorial integrity of all
countries any unilateral military
actions actions that circumvent the
Security Council contravene the purposes
and principles of the UN Charter violate
that basic norms enshrined in
international law and those governing
international relations and would
handicap the settlement of the Syria
issue with new confirm compounding
factors we urge all parties concerned to
refrain from any move that may lead to a
further escalation of the situation
return to the framework of international
law and solve the issue through dialogue
and consultation China considers it
necessary to mount comprehensive
impartial and objective investigation of
the suspected chemical weapons attack in
Syria to arrive at a reliable conclusion
that can we stand the test of history
until that happens no party must
prejudge the outcome to solve the Syria
there is no alternative to political set
of
the part is concerned in the
international community should continue
to support the role of the United
Nations as the main mediator and work
together
unremittingly towards a political
settlement of the issue of Syria mr.
president I'd like to read in stage
China stands ready to continue its
positive constructive role in the effort
towards a political settlement of the
Syria issue in the interest of peace and
stability in the Middle East in the
world at large I thank you mr. president
mr. president Cullerton expresses its
serious concern about the sharp
escalation of the situation around Syria
we call on all parties to prevent the
further military escalation and take
effective steps aimed at restoring
confidence establishing peace and
ensuring security in the long-suffering
land of Syria on the basis of the UN
Charter and the relevant resolutions of
the UN Security Council we called
yesterday and the day before yesterday
and every time when we observe the
increasing tensions in this chamber to
act responsibly in accordance with the
UN Charter and international law who
else if not the council members should
show to the world an example of
compliance to the principles and
provisions of the chatter we're
preaching others to strictly follow the
international law and order but sadly
yesterday we witnessed a different
example whatever action taken under
whatever good pretext cannot and will
not justify no to use of force violence
against violence would never bring peace
and stability kazakhstan position has
always been and continues to be that
military action is the last resort to be
applied only in cases approved by the
Security Council
there was no approval of this Council of
the military strikes that took place
yesterday
humanity hoped that the 21st century
would help a new year of global
cooperation this however may turn out to
be in the rush our world is once again
in danger and the risks cannot be
underestimated the threat is a deadly
war on a global scale our planet is now
on the edge of a new cold war which
could have devastating consequences for
all human humankind this is exact quote
from the manifesto of my president
entitled the world the 21st century of
31st March 2016 and just yesterday
Secretary General mr. Antonio Guterres
confirmed to us to our regret that the
Cold War is back with a vengeance
Kazakhstan appeals to parties to be
adherent to both the UN Charter and
international law we think that the time
has come for serious talks encouraging
the United States and the Russian
Federation given their standing as a
co-chairs of the International Syria
support group and their respective
influence on the parties to move
actively in the direction of finding a
middle ground and political settlement
of the conflict in Syria the UN has a
vital role in convening those
negotiations and helping the parties
resolve their disputes my delegation is
also greatly concerned by recent
developments and the absence of unity
among Security Council members over the
chemical attack in Syria starting from
the first days of its independence
Khalistan through practical actions has
consistently promoted peace initiatives
on the international arena aimed at
disarmament non-proliferation and
prohibition of weapons of mass
destruction including chemical weapons
and strongly condemns their development
testing and use I repeat Kazakhstan
strongly condemns the use of chemical
weapons it is important to conduct a
thorough objective an impartial
investigation into all aspects of the
alleged chemical attack in Douma which
will make it possible
for the international community to
render a fair verdict against the
perpetrators in full compliance with
international law the government and
other parties must surly execute their
obligations of complying with the
relevant recommendations made by OPCW
and the UN by accepting the personal
personnel designated by them while
providing for ensuring the security of
activities undertaken by the personnel
we would like to remind members of the
council that the principle position of
Kurdistan is not only the most severe
condemnation of the use of WMD by
anybody especially especially against
the civilian population but also the
resolution of conflicts exclusively by
peaceful means our president not old
another wife in his manifesto I
mentioned at the very beginning stressed
that the main tool for resolving all
districts between the states should be
only peaceful dialogue and constructive
negotiations on the basis of equal
responsibility for peace and security
mutual respect and non interference into
domestic affairs avoiding any escalation
and ending any sort of wars are the most
challenging task which has no reasonable
alternative this task has to be treated
by the world leaders as their highest
priority on the global agenda we also
have to respect the sovereignty of
states that are States
members of the UN and the purposes and
principles enshrined in its Charter so
we are gently knead a political solution
only a political diplomatic approach
dialogue and CBMs in the spirit of
charter and the United Nations Security
Council documents on preventive
diplomacy and sustaining peace can bring
proper results we therefore call upon
the international community to exact
exert political will to overcome their
differences and reunite in negotiations
believing that only un-led political
transition in accordance with the
council resolution 2254 could lead the
way out of the Syria country which in
turn could only advance if the cow
so is united there is a strong need to
continue supporting the aims of the
Astana docks and further Geneva
negotiations in order to see positive
outcomes all parties at the
international regional and Syrian level
should support an immediate ceasefire
and seriously and objectively move
forward without any preconditions within
the framework of the International Syria
support group under the auspices of the
UN in Geneva we believe that the Syrian
people are capable of determining their
own future
however achieving the aspirations for
democracy reconstruction and stability
is impossible without genuine
international support for containing the
negative impact of the spoilers and
helping Syrian Syrians combat terrorism
in Syria and build their own state on
the firm and stable foundation Palestine
had always stood for dialogue and
resolving international conflicts and
all parties might ensure that the
situation did not further deteriorate
military means will not work and only
political solution would succeed my
president warned that in any modern war
there is there will be no winners since
everyone would be on the losing side and
proposed to work towards total
elimination of war and achieving world
without conflicts finally we resumed our
call on all relevant parties to persist
in diplomatic efforts seek political
solutions stick to dialogue and support
the UN as the main mediation Channel
Palestine is ready to work with all
colleagues to preserve peace and
security on the basis of mutual
understanding goodwill and determination
to make a world a safer place I thank
you Greco I will present a Kazakhstan I
think Thank You mr. president
I would like to thank mr.
secretary-general for his briefing
mr. president Poland views recent events
in the context of the repeated chemical
weapons attacks against Syria's civilian
population
and as a consequence of the employment
impunity enjoyed by their perpetrators
so far the lack of an appropriate
response encourages more attacks with
the use of weapons which are both banned
under international law and blatantly
and humanitarian in such circumstances
the international community cannot
remain inactive it should take all
necessary measures to prevent such
attacks from being repeated in the
future especially against the
defenseless civilian population at the
same time the competent international
bodies should take decisions that will
enable identification of the
perpetrators and bringing them to
justice
mr. president we fully understand the
reasons behind the action taken last
night by the United States the United
Kingdom and France against the Syrian
chemical weapons capabilities and we
support this action intended to deter
further chemicals chemical weapons
attacks against the people of Syria let
me underline that it is primary UN
Security Council responsibility to set
up an investigative mechanism to examine
the use of chemical weapons in Syria in
this context we reiterate our
disappointment with politically
motivated Russian veto on the proposal
for establishing an independent
impartial investigative mechanism on the
use of chemical weapons in Syria mr.
president ponent will continue its
international efforts aimed at the
complete elimination of chemical weapons
the use of such weapons is unacceptable
and should be prosecuted vigorously in
every circumstances and anywhere they
are used Poland calls for refraining
from actions which could further
escalate
the situation Thank You mr. president
representative pullin statement and I
give the floor to the representative of
Sweden suno president very much mr.
president
convening this important meeting and
Thank You Secretary General for briefing
this morning
conflict in Syria is now in its eighth
year that's longer than the second world
war President Assad
where's the responsibility for one of
the worst and most enduring humanitarian
disasters of our time since the outset
we have witnessed terrible violations
and violence and a flagrant lack of
respect for international law
particularly from Syrian government
forces we must also of course never
forget the atrocities committed by daesh
as you sector general stated yesterday
we have witnessed and I quote systematic
violations of international humanitarian
law international human rights law and
international law to cool in utter
disregard of the letter and the spirit
of the UN Charter end of quotation
indeed violations of Security Council
resolutions as well as international
protocols and conventions are numerous
and flagrant mr. president chemical
weapons have been used repeatedly in
Syria the joint investigative mechanism
concluded that the Syrian authorities
were responsible for four chemical
weapons attacks and - for - their use is
abhorrent intolerable a war crime and a
crime against humanity that is why as
has been noted here before the
international community banned are used
in international armed conflict over a
century ago subsequent developments have
confirmed the prohibition of the use of
chemical weapons as a norm of customary
international law we will spare no
effort to end the use of proliferation
of chemical weapons by state or
non-state actors anywhere in the world
those responsible for such crimes must
be held accountable they cannot be
further impunity
mr. president Security Council carries
the primary responsibility to act in
response to threats to international
peace and security
it is our joint responsibility to uphold
the prohibition of the use of chemical
weapons in armed conflict and it is our
calm
legal and moral duty to defend the
non-proliferation regime that we have
established and confirmed this is best
done through true multilateralism and
broad international consensus in that
regard we welcome the deployment of the
opcw's fact-finding mission to Syria and
we look forward to their findings mr.
president it's regrettable that this
council was unable to come together and
agree on a timely clear and unified
response to the repeated use of chemical
weapons in Syria we regret that Russia
this week again blocked the councilor
from setting up a truly impartial and
independent attribution mechanism this
has contributed to the situation in
which we find ourselves now the use of
chemical weapons is a serious violation
of international law and it does
constitute a threat to international
peace and security
deterrence and Prevention of their use
is the concern of the entire
international community so we share the
rage and anger and are appalled by the
repeated use of such weapons in Syria it
is necessary to rid Syria of chemical
weapons once and for all and to hold
those responsible accountable at the
same time as stated by the sector
Journal in his statement yesterday there
is an obligation particularly when
dealing with matters of peace and
security to act consistently with the
charter of the United Nations and with
international law in general mr.
president we are at the dangerous moment
we call for restraint and to avoid any
acts that could escalate or further fuel
tensions we need to avoid the situation
spiraling out of control over the last
number of days we have tried to ensure
that all peaceful means to respond were
exhausted we work tirelessly so that no
stone be left unturned in efforts to
find a way for this council to shoulder
its responsibility in accordance with
the UN Charter we have shared a proposal
with council members to achieve this
objective through inviting the
secretary-general to come back to the
council with a proposal in order to be
successful diplomacy needs to be backed
up by clear demands the sector Journal
call on this council to take action but
regrettably
council could not unite it was indeed a
missed opportunity but we stand ready to
continue these efforts now in light of
all that has now happened it is more
critical than ever to avoid escalation
and revert to the track of diplomacy for
political solution in line with
resolution 2254 we reiterate our total
support for the un-led political process
which needs to be urgently reinvigorated
in the efforts of special envoy Staffan
de Mistura full implementation of
resolution 2401 for cessation of
hostilities and humanitarian access can
wait no longer a sustainable political
solution is the only way to end the
suffering of the Syrian people so let's
all rally around that objective
let's redouble our efforts and put an
end to this long brutal and meaningless
conflict once and for all thank you very
much mr. president your Thank You mr.
president and I'd like to start by
thanking the secretary-general for his
statement today and yesterday as well as
today you spoke of the litany of hers
that the Syrian population has
experienced in the past seven years and
of which the chemical weapons attacks
are among amongst the most gruesome the
world hardly needs reminding of the
unspeakable suffering that countless
Syrian men women and children have
endured a suffering that comes at the
hands of Assad and his allies the Syrian
regime has left the world no doubt as to
its willingness to unleash terror on its
own population the repeated use of
chemical weapons counts as the most most
cynical expression of this campaign and
just a week ago the world was yet again
confronted with reports of chemical
weapons used this time in duma all the
time the russian federation has left the
world no doubt as to its readiness to
stand by Assad every step of the way and
health energy has blocked resolutions in
this council which could have stopped
the violence I call upon all members of
the Security Council just
support a collective meaningful response
to the use of chemical weapons but even
if this counsel fails to act it should
be clear to the world that the use of
chemical weapons is never permissible
mr. president
against the background of past horrors
and the unabated risk of recurrence the
response by France the United Kingdom
and the United States is understandable
the response was measured in targeting
targeting a limited number of military
facilities that were used by the Syrian
regime it's illegal chemical weapons
arsenal the actions action taken by
these three countries made clear that
the use of chemical weapons is
unacceptable mr. president last night's
response was aimed at reducing the
capabilities to execute future chemical
attacks but do not let the Syrian regime
and the Russian Federation think for a
moment that we will waver in our pursuit
of full accountability for the perfect
perpetrators of past chemical attacks we
will not settle for anything less than
an independent impartial attribution
mechanism so that the culprits of those
heinous attacks can be identified and
held accountable and we call on the
Russian Federation to stop opposing this
the use of chemical weapons is a serious
violation of international law and may
constitute a war crime or crime against
humanity the Kingdom of the Netherlands
strongly believes that the international
community must fully uphold the standard
that the use of chemical weapons is
never permissible impunity cannot and
will not prevail but should this council
continue to suffer from the paralysis
inflicted by a single permanent member
we must not forget that the UN is bigger
than this council alone we have strong
leadership at the top of it the United
Nations Organization and we have a
powerful General Assembly both have to
consider all instruments to advance
accountability for the use of chemical
weapons
Kingdom of the Netherlands welcomes
every option to establish an independent
and impartial mechanism beat within the
UN framework or within the framework of
other relevant international
organisations as long as it results in a
mechanism that can establish who's
responsible so that subsequently the
perpetrators can be held to account any
new mechanism should build upon the
important work of the gym and the
ongoing OPCW fact-finding mission
it is therefore crucial that the
fact-finding mission has complete and
unhindered access to all information all
sides it deems necessary to conduct its
investigations with regard to the attack
with chemical weapons in Dumas do my
last weekend mr. president
the international norms against the use
of chemical weapons must be respected
and the Syrian people must be relieved
from the violence hardship and injustice
that has haunted them for so long to
that end we call for a political
solution and immediate immediate
cessation of violence as earlier agreed
upon by this council as well as full
unhindered and immediate humanitarian
access we reiterate our determination to
achieve justice for the victims
we need to collectively stand up for the
fate of the Syrian people the need to
collectively stand up for the fate of
this Syrian people is now more apparent
than ever thank you
and I I want to thank the representative
of the Netherlands for her statement and
I now give the floor to the
representative of the plural national
state of Bolivia thank you very much mr.
president
my delegation would like to thank the
secretary-general for his presence and
for his participation in this meeting
Bolivia would also like to thank the
Russian Federation for having taken the
initiative of our convening of this
surge a meeting of the Security Council
today is a dark day in the history of
this council three permanent members of
the council have taken the decision to
breach the charter of the United
and take military action against the
sovereignty and territorial integrity of
another member state of our organization
Bolivia wishes to clearly and
categorically express its condemnation
of the use of chemical weapons or
chemical substances as weapons this is
unjustifiable and criminal wherever it
happens by whomever it's their use is a
serious crime against international law
international peace and security those
responsible for committing such terrible
and criminal acts must be identified
investigated prosecuted and punished the
most rigorous way possible
Bolivia continues to demand a
transparent and impartial investigation
to determine who are the culprits but
the topic of this meeting isn't the fact
that three permanent members of the
Council as I said have used force in
breach of the United Nations Charter you
cannot come back combat the alleged
violation of international law by
violating international law Bolivia is
surprised by the fact that the permanent
members of the Council given that they
have a greater responsibility for
maintaining international peace and
security have decided to bypass by
passing United Nations when when it
suits them they they defend
multilateralism as long as it serves
them and then they they simply discard
it when it does no longer in their
interest they're no they're no longer
attached to multilateralism this is not
the only case where unfortunately you
know lateral action has been used
let's recall and we will never tire of
recalling the events in Iraq in 2003
and in Libya in 2011 any such action
should be authorized by the Security
Council in accordance with the United
Nations Charter any unilateral action
countered to international law and
countered to the values and principles
of the United Nations Charter is
unacceptable Bolivia rejects the use of
force unilateral actions not only
respond to the specific interest of
those who carry them out but in fact
their measures that it allow me the
expression our imperialist measures it
so happens that empires as we stated
earlier consider themselves superior to
the rest of the world they think that
they're exceptional they think that
they're and hence they think they're
above the law above international law
but in fact the interest of those who
you know idly use force and violate
United Nations Charter is not really to
advance democracy or advance of freedom
or to combat the use of chemical weapons
their goal is expand their power and
expand their domination we have
witnessed over the past few hours
against the fact-finding mission of the
OPCW which hasn't even started work that
was scheduled to begin today the
unilateral attack is an attack against
multilateral organizations such as the
OPCW its attack against this council and
its main duty of maintaining
international peace and security
it is an attack against the United
Nations Charter and it is an attack
against the entire international
community I'm wondering whether the
permanent members who use the force just
a few hours ago how many how much money
they invested in arming and training the
armed groups in Syria there behind which
national resources and with what kind of
moral authority can they invoke the
United Nations Charter in other
situations the history unfortunately
violations of the principles and
purposes of the Charter is long we
mentioned Libya will mention Iraq but
there are more recent chapters what
happened with the unilateral decision
regarding Jerusalem is another clear
signal of a lack of respect for
international law who are those who sell
weapons to those who bomb civilians in
Yemen who are those who rejected the
Paris agreement on the climate agreement
were those who stepped away from other
international agreements who are those
who build walls we also believe it's
important to look at history but in the
long run the longer periods of times we
are experiencing the consequences in the
Middle East of the actions provoked by a
certain colonialist and powers
dating back to a century or more
the same thing that we're experiencing
in Syria and complete disdain for
international law is also something that
we are seeing when example the United
Kingdom refuses to return
the Malvina islands their sovereignty to
Argentina or when the Chagos archipelago
issue is not resolved and when when the
advisory opinion of the International
Court of Justice on this topic is not
heeded in other words we are talking
about a whole range of policies that
undermine international peace and
security
distinguished permanent representative
of the United States states that the
United States her country is ready is
locked and loaded as she says of course
we clearly heard her words with a great
deal of concern and a great deal of
sadness we know that the United States
has aircraft carrier on quote
intelligent missiles smart bombs they
have a huge arsenal of nuclear weapons
and we also know that they have nothing
but scorn for international law but we
have this we have the principles and
purposes of the United Nations Charter
and ultimately as history has
demonstrated many times ultimately these
principles will prevail thank you very
much cool statement and I'll call on the
representative of Kuwait Chacon say the
rice will be Diana the sugar relay Thank
You mr. president allow me to begin by
thanking the secretary-general mr.
Antonio Guterres for his briefing at the
beginning of this meeting Kuwait is
convinced and is committed to the
principles and objectives of the United
Nations and respect for sovereignty of
states and non-interference in the
internal affairs and the peaceful
settlement of the disputes the Charter
in article 24 has determined the
responsibility of the Security Council
in the maintenance of international
peace and security and it can act on
behalf of members
States in order to carry out that
mandate in article 25 stipulates that
the members agree to accept and carry
out the decisions of the Security
Council what we have seen in the Syrian
crisis is a stalemate of the
international community's efforts in a
flagrant violation of these are
resolutions we have followed quite
closely and with great concern the most
recent developments in Syria as a result
of the most recent military operations
in response to the use of chemical
weapons by Syrian authorities in
accordance with international law and we
see that this is a as a result of the
stalemate in the Security Council and
our inability to arrive at a political
settlement to this bloody conflict in
Syria that has lasted for more than
seven years and has led to massive
displacement and the death of hundreds
of thousands of people and a major
destruction of infrastructure in many
towns mr. president the chemical weapons
file for some time has represented has
had a unified approach within this
council we have condemned the use of any
chemical weapons in Syria regardless of
the party which has used such weapons
moreover the Security Council adopted
resolution 2118 unanimously a resolution
which imposed measures under Chapter 7
of the UN Charter in case of
nonconformity by the various parties
with the provisions and if chemical
weapons were to be used in Syria these
are internationally banned weapons as we
have said in order to guarantee the
implementation of that resolution the
Security Council in August of 2015 was
able to adopt resolution 22:35
establishing the joint investigatory
Magnusson the gym in order to determine
responsibility for of any crime in the
use of chemical weapons in Syria and in
point of fact that mechanism did
identify the authors of that crime on a
number of occasions but the unfortunate
divide in the positions of the council
encouraged the parties in this crisis to
preserve their violations of resolutions
for international legitimacy and in
violation of international human rights
in international humanitarian law as
well as related Security Council
resolutions including the most recent
resolution 2401 that resolution was
adopted so unanimously by this council
called for a cessation of hostilities
immediately and to allow for
humanitarian access to the besieged
areas but that resolution humanitarian
resolution was not implemented the State
of Kuwait regrets this escalation and
calls on us to overcome our differences
within the Security Council and to
restore unity of the Security Council so
that it can shoulder its responsibility
in the maintenance of international
peace and security of importance with
the UN Charter we also call to overcome
the gap existing to establish a new
independent and professional mechanism
which would investigate the use of any
chemical weapons in Syria to determine
who is accountable for the use of those
weapons and we are ready to participate
in any effort aimed at achieving a
compromise among the positions of
members of this council to ensure that
those who are responsible for this crime
will be held accountable and will be
punished and to preserve the
non-proliferation regime mr. president
it is certain that there is no military
solution to the Syrian crisis we must
further our efforts in order to save the
Syrian people from further suffering we
reiterate our position to
position of present principle which is
in line with the position of the League
of Arab states and we call upon Syria to
guarantee the sovereignty and
territorial integrity of Syria to put an
end to violence and to the killing and
to save lives of Syrian people and to
reach a peaceful settlement under the
auspices of the United Nations on the
basis of the first Geneva communique
2012 as well as resolution 2254 through
a process of political transition which
would enjoy the involvement of all
Syrian parties so that the Syrian people
can achieve their legitimate aspirations
thank you I thank await for his
statement and I now get the floor to the
representative of Ethiopia Thank You mr.
president
I would like to thank the Peruvian
presidency for responding quickly to the
request for the holding of this meeting
and we want to express appreciation to
Russia for putting the request it would
have been a serious dereliction of duty
on the part of the council if it had
failed to meet in light of what had
transpired yesterday we also thank the
secretary-general for his for his
briefing and for being here for those of
us elected members of the Security
Council the responsibility is indeed
extremely heavy to the point of being
unbearable we are here faithful forget
representing 193 countries to whom we
have made unlike the permanent members
so many promises but which in general
are encapsulated in the charter of the
United Nations for those of us members
of the African Union an organization
which for all these historical reasons
attaches huge importance to scrupulous
adherence to the principles of the
Charter the obligation
have to tell the truth and stand up and
be counted for peace is just enormously
heavy all the more so when the parties
involved from our own national
perspective our friends mr. president it
was only yesterday that the UN
secretary-general argued Member States
to act responsibly in this dangerous
circumstances and the stress they need
to avoid the serious situation from
spiraling out of control
and indeed he repeated the same today we
also have been repeatedly expressing our
concern that the dynamic in Syria could
lead to devastating consequences not
only nationally but regionally and
internationally no doubt the strike
undertook by the three countries
yesterday appears for the moment not to
have lead to the spiraling for the
situation out of control we do not take
that lightly even though it might be
difficult to take it in light of the
potential the potential danger we still
face as a consolation that is why we
call for maximum restraint the exercise
of wisdom as well as the quick return to
Dell among the major powers that have
enormous influence on the current
situation in Syria as we have stressed
yesterday and earlier it's absolutely
vital to resume the path of diplomacy
the alternative no doubt would be
catastrophic beyond our imagination we
hope nobody wants to see that happening
but it could if we do not act together
with a huge sense of urgency to defuse
the current tension and reduce further
military escalation with a president by
no means do we overlook the genesis of
this tragedy we are facing
it has to do with the alleged use of
chemical weapons in duma at least that's
what ratcheted up the tension leading to
what took place yesterday which is
difficult to defend as being consistent
with the principles of the charter of
the United Nations but there is also one
point which makes it difficult for us to
understand what took place yesterday the
fact-finding mission of the obstacle is
arriving or as just said by the
Secretary General has already arrived in
Syria to investigate the alleged use of
chemical weapons which is the cause for
all distinction in light of that we have
to be excused if we were a little
perplexity with a president while the
priority of the time is clearly averting
the further escalation of the latest
development we are not under estimating
even now the importance of ensuring
accountability for any confirmed use of
chemical weapons in Syria in this regard
the OPCW fact-finding mission should be
allowed to conduct a thorough
investigation to establish the facts
related to alleged chemical weapons
attack in DOMA the sustainable way to
end impunity which we believe is
extremely important to deter stop use of
chemical chemicals as weapons if through
a United and concerted action including
through setting up an attribution
mechanism that this council could end
mistake this has become all the more
critical now when as we all know truth
is becoming very difficult to establish
the opportunity has been created for
parties and individuals to claim the
veracity of the own facts we know we are
all disappointed by the current by the
current deadlock
but that should not justify overlooking
the obligation to adhere to the
principles of the Charter let me
conclude with a president by referring
to what the Secretary General has said
yesterday I wanted to refer to it again
because it reflects the truth and
therefore is worth repeating the Cold
War has returned with vengeance he said
but this time is not being managed
that's why we have to appeal to the
members of the Security Council
especially the permanent five to help
create a situation where diplomacy would
have the upper hand and the primacy of
politics would be our guide for coming
out of what is a troubled moment in our
recent history the Geneva process and
special envoy de Mistura needs the
unqualified support of the council a
thank you mr. president
narek I thank the Ethiopian for his
statement I now give the floor to the
representative of Equatorial Guinea
Thank You mr. president
secretary-general Antonio Guterres thank
you very much for your statement which
you've just given us the views of the
United Nations on this issue without a
doubt last night were no surprise to
anyone in this Security Council all that
was left unsaid was the day and the time
in point of fact as I said in my
statement yesterday we are concerned
about the rhetoric which we have heard
and we wondered where that rhetoric
would lead us now it has brought us
where we feared and where we did not
want to go
two air strikes against Syria yesterday
in this hall the secretary-general of
our organization Antonio Guterres spoke
about the memory of the Cold War an
important fact the Cold War returned
with a vengeance in the early morning
hours reminding peoples of the world
that the confrontation of interest still
exists between two blocks with concerned
reports on the attacks carried out by
the United States with the support of
the armed forces of France and the
United Kingdom according to estimates
the coalition dropped more than 100
cruise missiles and air-to-ground
missiles from two US Navy vessels in the
Red Sea as well as from two tactical
aircraft over flying the Mediterranean
and b-1b bombers from the Alton off base
in a coordinated fashion the coalition
attacks three targets which included a
scientific research centre in the
outskirts of Damascus an installation
located to the west of Homs which
according to Washington was a production
center for sarin gas and a command post
near that installation they are
violations in Chapter five of the UN
Charter and a violation of principles
and norms of international law I would
recall that according to article 24 of
the charge Council has the primary
responsibility for the maintenance of
international peace and security members
of this council must therefore abstain
from creating situations of insecurity
and imbalance the Security Council
cannot deny or disregard the fact that
these strikes may well lead to
unpredictable and potentially charge'
consequences for the Middle East by
encouraging or justifying the
development of nuclear programs in order
to prevent any further
aggression OPCW inspectors are now in
Duma and are prepared to carry out
investigations until we have reliable
proof of the alleged chemical attack
which took place last week in Duma
Guinea believes no aggression is
justified our delegation also retains
reiterates that according to article 33
of the Charter when there is a dispute
which is likely to endanger the
maintenance of international peace and
security we have the imperative to seek
a solution
first and foremost through negotiation
mediation or other peaceful means mr.
president history continues to show us
that military intervention never solves
conflicts but rather it causes them to
proliferate and to go on endlessly and
they create devastation and destruction
we must ensure that this does not happen
in the case of the Syrian Arab Republic
and lattice point out yet again the
military intervention in Libya in 2011
and its consequences today the clear
lesson to the international community is
against the use of force in
international relations and we only
allow for the use of force when it is in
line with the principles of
international law and the provisions of
the UN Charter and in the case of Syria
we have already said that it would not
bring about any substantial change to
the overall situation in the country we
reiterate agreement is the only viable
means for resolving and finding the last
resolution to the Syrian problem all
parties involved must resolve their
differences through dialogue agreement
in consultation and this process
requires support from the international
community
failure of diplomacy only furthers the
suffering of the Syrian people and it is
the highest expression of this council's
Equatorial Guinea continues to believe
that in order to fully clarify the
events in Duma on the 7th of April an
exhaustive impartial and objective
investigation must be carried out in
order to arrive at a reliable conclusion
we urge the OPCW fact-finding mission to
carry out an investigation quickly and
to report on conclusions as soon as
possible to the Security Council and we
also need to establish under the
auspices of the secretary-general a
professional independent and transparent
investigating party which can determine
who carried out the chemical weapons so
that those responsible
whoever they are and wherever they are
brought to international justice only in
this way and this thorny issue unity and
consensus back to the Security Council
mr. president I conclude my statement by
reiterating the unequivocal position of
the Republic of Equatorial Guinea which
is that we wholeheartedly condemn the
use of chemical weapons by whomever
thank you no no thank you mr. president
the delegation of Cote d'Ivoire would
like to thank secretary-general first
presence and for a statement on the
latest developments in Syria following
the airstrikes carried out by certain
members of the Security Council
during the night of Friday the 13th 2018
cote d'ivoire requests all the actors
involved different levels in the Syrian
conflict to demonstrate restraint and to
refrain from further complicating an
already disastrous situation in which
the Syrian people find themselves
weapons and bombs have made Syria suffer
too much and disdain of the the
foundation of our collective action in
favour of peace mr. president do I need
to remind everyone that by signing the
nine Nations Charter in 1945 the
founding members of the United Nations
sought to establish a new global order
based on multilateralism and the
determination to make peace the
universal common good and the
preservation of that peace was entrusted
to the United Nations and to the
Security Council and the framework of
its primary fundamental responsibilities
the secretary-general just reminded us
of that in every circumstance where the
United Nations Charter guided the
international community the respect for
the principles of that Charter has
always allowed us to overcome the most
complex challenges and has made it
possible to avoid a great deal of
disasters for humankind it is based on
our deep conviction in the virtues of
multilateralism that my country believes
that the use of force in order to
preserve international peace and
security must be authorized by the
Security Council in order to endow that
action with the necessary essential
legal authority and thus avoid any
excesses and abuses
only a security council that is strong
and that represents the interests of our
time will be capable of mobilizing
member states of the United Nations in
support of its primary responsibility of
maintaining international peace and
security
cote d'ivoire would therefore like to
express our deep concern regarding the
inability of our council to relaunch the
dialogue in Syria and to sideline the
partisans of a military solution mr.
president Cote d'Ivoire would like to
take this opportunity the opportunity of
this meeting to reiterate unequivocal
condemnation of the use of chemical
weapons no matter who is responsible and
we call on the establishment of a
multilateral Asia the mechanism to
attribute responsibility and to bring
those responsible for the use of
chemical weapons to justice in the
appropriate international tribunal in
this context our delegation would like
to reiterate our support to for a
investigation that will be conducted by
a special fact-finding mission of the
OPCW you know just shared all possible
life on the allegations of the use of
chemical weapons in duma in eastern
gouta cote d'ivoire once again urges the
members of the Security Council to unite
in order to put an end to their
differences and to affect the
establishment of this mechanism to
establish responsibility that all the
members of the Council would like to see
a set up mr. president Cote d'Ivoire
would like to reassert his conviction
and his position of principle that the
response to the crisis in Syria cannot
be a military response quite to the
contrary it must be sought in the
framework of a dialogue in a an
inclusive political process as
envisioned in the roadmap contained in
resolution 2254 of the United Nations
Security Council the time has come to
give resolutely give every opportunity
to dialogue and to make sure that our
Council is in step with history thank
you very much I want to thank the
representative Cote d'Ivoire for your
statement tonight let us young McDaniel
I shall now make a statement in my
capacity as the representative of Peru
Peru notes with great concern the
development of events in Syria in the
face of military action as a response to
information on the use of chemical
weapons against the civilian population
in this country we reiterate the need to
keep this situation from spiraling out
of control and causing a greater threat
to stability in the region and a threat
to international peace and security
Peru condemns any use of chemical
weapons which is an appalling crime and
for that reason we have supported the
urgent deployment to Syria of an OPCW
fact-finding mission as well as the
establishment of an attribution
mechanism which is dedicated independent
objective and impartial and we regret
the stalemate in the council and our
inability to take a decision on this
issue
Peru encourages the UN secretary-general
to redouble his efforts in accordance
with the prerogatives entrusted to him
in the Charter in order to help resolve
the stalemate in the Security Council
and to establish the aforementioned
attribution mechanism Peru believes that
any response to the crimes committed in
Syria as well as a solution to the
conflict in Syria must be consistent
with the UN Charter with international
law and with this council's resolutions
as the secretary-general has reminded us
this council is the body with the
primary responsibility for the
maintenance of international peace and
security and it is up to its members to
act in unity and to uphold this
responsibility Peru joins the Secretary
General's urgent appeal to all Member
States to act with restraint in these
dangerous circumstances and to avoid any
act which could escalate the situation
and worse than the suffering of the
Syrian people my delegation reaffirms
its commitment to continue working in
order to achieve sustainable peace in
Syria to guarantee protection for the
civilian population and to ensure that
there is no impunity for atrocious
crimes as well as to help defuse the
situation
thank you I now resume my function as
president of the Security Council the
representative of the United Kingdom has
asked with the floor to make a new
statement you have the floor thank you
very much mr. president it's actually a
right of reply if I may to the Bolivian
ambassadors points about the United
Kingdom mr. president we have no doubt
about UK sovereignty over the Falkland
Islands South Georgia South Sandwich
Islands and surrounding maritime areas
successive British governments have made
clear that sovereignty will not be
transferred against the Falkland Islands
wishes the Falkland Islanders voted
overwhelmingly to maintain their current
constitutional arrangements with the UK
turning to the che cos mr. president the
United Kingdom is participating in the
proceedings before the ICJ even as we
disagree with jurisdiction in this case
thank you I thank the representative of
the United Kingdom for her statement
thank you very much mr. president I'll
be very brief what the special
declaration on the issue of the Marvin
Islands States signed by all the heads
of state and government of Latin America
and Caribbean it states the heads of
state and government reiterated their
strongest support legitimate rights of
the Republic of Argentina in the
sovereignty dispute on the Malvina
Islands Jordan some Georgia and sent the
South Sandwich Islands and the
surrounding maritime areas and the
permanent interest of the countries of
the region in seeing the governments of
the Republic of Argentina and the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern
Ireland to resume negotiations in order
to find as quickly as possible
a peaceful solution to this dispute in
accordance with resolution 2065 of the
General Assembly of the United Nations
and other relevant resolution thank you
very much I want to thank the
representative of Bolivia for your
statement I now give the floor to the
representative of the Arabs here in
Republic
she'll come on say that I use thank you
I welcome the presence of the
secretary-general moment in the history
of the Security Council the Secretary
General in his statement yesterday
mentioned that the Cold War is back that
is exactly right we all agree with just
how accurate that statement is it's
important to recall at this opportunity
that those who were launched the
philosophy of the Cold War we all of
course remember that following the
collapse of the former you
SSR that we all recall mr. book my
friends Fukuyama that was published here
in this country it was called the end of
history
another author and American Thinker
Samuel Huntington spoke of the conflicts
of civilizations these two books founded
the with a fountain where the founding
the return to the Cold War indeed these
two works well the the the the gist of
these two works was as follows people of
the world follow the the way the path of
the United States submit yourselves to
the will of the United States if not we
will attack my way or the highway says
the speaker as you say in the United
States that was the return of the Cold
War philosophy now lies are worthless
they think they don't yes sir anyone
they only serve those who who lie just
once they're useful when whoever lies
just lies once when wise keep being
repeated well that person who lies only
underscores the fact that the present
lying is a liar my colleague the
distinguished representative of France
that the aggression of his country along
with the United Kingdom and the United
States was carried out on behalf of the
international community and if that is
the case I wonder what which
international community is he speaking
of is he speaking of it in a real
international community that actually
exists is that international community
that you represent
as it has it authorized this this
trilateral or tripartite aggression
against my country did your governments
receive an a mandate from this from this
organization to from this international
community to attack my country my
American and French and British
colleagues have claimed that they have
bombed centers for the production of
chemical weapons in Syria if the
governments of these three countries if
they knew the actual location or the
role of these production centers that
they claimed a bomb if they if they knew
about that why didn't they share that
information with the OPCW why didn't
they share this information with the
fact-finding mission president in
Damascus before attacking my country
this is just a question I'm putting up
to you and furthermore I like to assure
you all that group of experts
investigators of the OPCW have arrived
today midday obviously the team was not
able to go from be rude to Damascus for
reasons that we know just before the
attack as though there was an attempt to
to prevent this team of investigators
from reaching Damascus well until the
aggression took place but the delegation
did reach Damascus today in at midday
and will hold a meeting in two hours 7
p.m.
Damascus time with the authorities of
Damascus
and my government will of course provide
every support to this delegation for it
to carry out its a mission successfully
now the facilities of the Barzeh
research facility which was targeted by
this tripartite aggression the building
actually that building was visited twice
last year by experts from the OPCW the
building was inspected the inspection
was authorized by an official document
that stipulated that well it stated that
this Syria had complied with its
obligations visa the OPCW and that there
were no chemical activities in this
building now if the experts of the OPCW
to us an official document which
confirmed that this Center the Barza
Center was not used for any type of
chemical activity that is in
contravention to our obligations visa
the OPCW how do you reconcile that with
what we've heard this morning how do you
reconcile that with all these
accusations and the claims that this
aggression was targeted a chemical
weapons production the colleague from
the United States said the time for
discussion is over it was over yesterday
well then what are we doing today as
diplomats in this Security Council our
mission here is to speak is to explain
what happened to shed light on all the
issues I mean we're not here to in the
Security Council simply to justify an
aggression how can we how can we state
that the discussion is over no the
discussion is continuing here if the
idea if the idea is to put an end to
aggressions the discussion if the idea
is to implement the provisions of the
an international law that is why we're
here the British and French colleagues
spoke of a plan of action and having
invited the secretary-general to
implement that plan of action before the
council and the Syrian government agreed
to that plan of action this plan of
action or they spoke of it before the
council authorized that plan of action
it's a very strange plan of action but I
would like to present a counter plan of
action we assume that this should have
been one of the plans of action that
should have been presented today first
of all read the provisions of the United
Nations Charter define and and recall
the responsibility of these three states
in maintaining international peace and
security rather than threatening it I
have three versions of the Charter to an
English one in French perhaps these
three states should reread what the
Charter actually states it's essential
for these state three states to
immediately stop supporting the armed
terrorist groups active in my country
thirdly put an end to the lies and to
the fabrication of facts to justify the
aggression against my country fourthly
these three states should realize that
after seven years of a terrorist war
that was imposed on my country a war
carried out by these three countries and
their agents in the region their
missiles their planes their their bombs
will not weaken our determination our
determination to defeat and destroy your
terrorists
this will not prevent Syrian people to
decide on their own political future
without foreign intervention and I will
repeat this for a thousandth time your
efforts the Syrian people will not allow
any foreign intervention to define our
future I promised you yesterday that we
will not remain inactive in the face of
any aggression and we kept our promise
and I will explain how we've come to
address those states that are attached
to international law just tell to you
that the Syrian Arab Republic and its
friends and allies and their many are
perfectly capable of dealing with a
brutal aggression that my country was
faced what we're asking you diplomats
ambassadors those who are attached to
international legitimacy to the Charter
is to call the United States Great
Britain and France to urge them to read
the provisions of the United Nations
Charter in particular does it have to do
with respect for sovereignty of states
and the non use of force in
international relations
perhaps the governments of these three
countries will realize if only once that
their role within this Council is to
maintain international peace and
security rather than to undermine it and
as I just said I have three example
three examples of the Charter and I
would ask the Secretary to distribute
them to the three delegations so that
they could maybe enlighten themselves in
their way from themselves from their
ignorance and their tyranny mr.
president and flagrant violation of the
principles of international law and the
UN Charter the US UK and France at 350
355 this morning this Saturday and the
14th of April 2018 355 our Damascus town
conducted a flagrant violation against
the Syrian Arab public amounted to 110
missiles being launched against Syria as
Damascus another another target 110
missiles in response to this terrible
aggression the Syrian Arab Republic
exercised this legitimate right in line
with the article 51 of the Charter to
defend itself and we defended ourselves
to - - against this abject attack Syrian
air defenses were able to were able to
intercept a number of missiles even
though some of them have some of them
did reach the research center which was
not outside but inside the Damascus and
which includes laboratories and
classrooms
luckily the the damage was only material
some of these modern charming smart
missiles were intercepted those that
targeted a military installation in the
near Homs and three civilians were were
wounded by the way these three states of
course mmm prepared the ground for this
invasion or this attack by making
statements that saying that their only
excuse for preventing the advance of the
Syrian army against its opponents was
the use of chemical weapons indeed these
groups terrorist groups in a race
against time mmm managed to present this
masquerade and the use of chemical
weapons in Duma they use perjury they
actually showed the the sight of this
claimed attack and this was the the
pretext for this aggression scandalous
expression that can only be explained by
the fact that the original aggressors
the US UK and France decided to
interfere directly
in order to revenge the the defeat of
their their proxies in Goethe in fact
those who fabricated the masquerade of
the chemical attack in Goethe were
arrested and they admitted on television
that this was a fabricated attack we
have a video if the presidency wishes to
see it mister ladies and gentlemen I'd
like to draw your attention those of you
who are attached to international law
into the Charter that this aggression is
a another message by these three
aggressors to the terrorist groups for
these terrorist groups to continue using
chemical weapons in the future for them
to continue committing their terrorist
crimes not in Syria but in other car in
other countries there's no doubt about
that me you said a lot of early said in
a good measure so 246 letters we have
drawn your attention to the use by
terrorist groups of chemical weapons and
today some viewer reinventing the wheel
trying to determine the gender of angels
you all know ladies and gentlemen that
this aggression took place just as a
fact-finding team from the OPCW was
supposed to arrive in Syria at the
request of the Syrian government to
examine these allegations of a chemical
attacking in duma so obviously the main
message that you're sending to these
aggressors to the world actually they're
not interested in transparent and
independent investigation they're trying
to undermine the work of the inquiry
team they're trying to put pressure on
that mission to conceal their their lies
and fabrications just as
happened six years ago in 2013 dr. Saul
strum who when he was going to handle
herself as I explained to you in a
previous statement early on this
aggression this morning's aggression
this attack it did not attack just
Assyria it was not just an attack on
Syria as my very dear friend the
representative of Bolivia said this is
an attack against international organs
the Security Council against the Charter
an attack against the 193 members of
this organization Washington and London
and Paris's attempts to make the work
the fact-finding mission fail is rather
systemic even if these three parties
claimed to be working alongside with
these groups at the same time they
probably use pressure behind the closed
doors of this organization so that these
groups and these committees do not carry
out the mandates for which they were
established we recall what took place
with the Iraq Lybia and in Africa with
the investigatory Commission's none of
those inspections were successful if
there's blackmail it's impossible to the
three aggressors I say that you are
liars
you were spoilers you're hypocrites
you're attempting to see failure in
actions of this organization which do
not pursue your interests you've tried
to undermine the efforts of the
investigative bodies you need only look
at Africa Syria Libya Angola Yugoslavia
all of that is proof that you do not do
what you say you are doing you have
exhausted the agendas of this Security
Council by attempting to divert its
attention and you have exploited the
council to pursue your policy of
interference and of colonialism
yesterday in the US press and in the
press in the West the main theme was the
lie and treachery in this campaign which
was already claiming success the air
defense system of my country countered
with a great deal of bravery the attack
on my country 100 missiles were
destroyed they did not reach their
target and yet at the same time the
American Minister of Defense military
chief spoke to the American press and
international press and were extremely
pleased they weren't able actually to
answer many of the questions and it was
rather pitiful to see these two men
standing before the press unable to
respond to the legitimate questions of a
journalist in their attempt to target
chemical weapons facilities and was this
actually a danger for these civilians if
if the chemical weapons spread they were
unable to respond to that question and I
quote you said here that you have no
proof that the Syrian government was
responsible for the attack in goota so
what what happened in the past few hours
what made you change your mind his
answer was that he'd received
confirmation from the intelligence
services the Syrian Arab Republic firmly
condemns this tripartite attack which
once again
shows indisputably they pay no attention
to international law even though they
say they do repeatedly these countries
have shown their conviction for the law
of the jungle and the law of the
strongest at a time when they are
permanent members of the Security
Council a body which is entrusted with
the maintenance of international peace
and security and to stop any aggression
in accordance with international law
Syria is disgusted with the scandalous
position of the heads of cattle
who supported this aggression after they
allowed weapon planes to leave from the
air bases in Qatar it is not surprising
that these small boys and the Qatari
Emirates take that position they have
supported in a variety of ways the
terrorist groups such as the Muslim
Brotherhood and others to destabilize
Arab countries including Syria the
Syrian Arab Republic is asking the
international community if it does
indeed exist we've heard a new
definition of the international
community we demand that the
international community and the Security
Council condemned this attack which will
only further attention in the region it
is a threat to international peace and
security throughout the world
ladies and gentlemen those of you are
who are committed to international law I
call upon you to imagine with me this
meeting where the Security Council would
have decided agreed on such an attack
I'm wondering what would be said we have
no legal basis for attacking Syria we
have no proof of the existence of this
chemical weapons attack in duma but
let's forget that put that all aside and
important fact we never really needed
in any military action that we've
carried up we've never really needed
international law and then we I'm just
imagining this discussion I'm imagining
what this discussion would have been
like yesterday this military attack is
necessary for us and for our allies so
that public opinion in our country can
turn their eyes away from our own
political scandals and so that the
Emirates and the Gulf pay the price for
this all of that to defend and to
protect the terrorism that we've seen
for years in Syria Thank You mr.
president
represented thank you to the the members
of the council have before them document
s slash 2018 355 the text of a draft
resolution submitted by the Russian
Federation Council is ready to proceed
to the vote on the draft resolution
before I shall put the draft resolution
to the vote now well those in favor of
the draft resolution contained in
document s slash 2018 slash
355 please raise their hands
in Contra those against
absence your knees abstentions a result
our result of the voting is as follows
three votes in favor eight votes against
four abstentions the draft resolution
has not been adopted all owing having
failed to obtain the required hundred
votes now I would like to give the floor
to those members of the council who wish
to make statements after the vote I give
the floor to the representative of
Sweden thank you very much mr. president
we voted against the draft resolution
proposed by the Russian Federation
because we believe that the language in
the resolution was unbalanced not
comprehensive and it did not cover the
entirety of our concerns related to the
current situation at the same time we
agree with the sector general that there
is an obligation that actions be
consistent with the charter of the UN
and with an international law in general
in our national statement Davila
earlier today we explained our view on
the current situation in Syria and we
condemned the use of chemical weapons
and the many other flagrant violations
of international law in Syria we also
underlined a need for a sustainable
political solution we went once again
reiterate that as members of the
Security Council we need to unite an
exercise or responsibility in relation
to the situation in Syria if there is
any encouragement today mr. president it
is that everyone around this table
seemed to insist on a sustainable
political solution ask the only way to
end the suffering of the Syrian
population so we reiterate a full
support for the UN political process
which now urgently needs to be
reinvigorated including through strong
support for the efforts of special envoy
Staffan de Mistura thank you very much
Larry all representatives all effective
representing Sweden for and I'm Stephen
and I'll give the floor to the
representative of Ethiopia
that think you're the president we want
to explain why we abstained on that
draft proposed by Russia we did so not
because the draft doesn't contain a lot
of truth it does not because it does not
adhere to principles that we should all
adhere to it does we abstained or
pragmatic ground we know even if it had
received nine volts it would have been
vetoed thus it would have had only
symbolic value even that is not without
value though but for us what's critical
now is to defuse tension and avoid the
situation spiraling out of control we
wish to play a constructive role in this
regard
think about the president all right cool
I now give the floor above Kazakhstan
mr. president Kerstin had abstained from
voting on the resolution considered
today because we believe that all
disputes between states should be
resolved by peaceful dialogue and
constructive negotiations on the basis
of equal responsibility for peace and
security as I have already mentioned in
my statement we call for all parties to
refrain from any actions that can
aggravate further detentions and lead
this situation to is fighting out of
control from which we would need to
retract back thank you
and I call representing I want to thank
the representative Kazakhstan for your
statement and I now give the floor to
the representative of we could
Equatorial Guinea just thank you very
much mr. president
we abstained because it reflects the
frustration of my country current
situation our inability to adopt a
resolution to establish an attribution
mechanism with our abstention we are
making an appeal to resume talks on the
initiative to establish such a mechanism
so that we can avoid actions such as the
ones we have seen yesterday we would
like to recall the initiative taken by
Sweden and which was endorsed by a
number of countries the ADEs equipo de
Mesilla in Drucilla reform in order to
introduce the necessary reforms into the
draft resolution so that it can be
adopted by consensus and so that this
mechanism can be set up under the
auspices of the UN secretary-general
thank you echo and I thank the
representative of Equatorial Guinea for
his statement I now give the floor to
the representative of France mr.
president a draft resolution presented
by the Russian Federation has been
clearly rejected the result of this vote
sends a clear message on the
understanding by members of the Security
Council of the circumstances the
motivations and the the aims of our
action yesterday the need for these
actions there they're proportional and
targeted and nature will recognize and
and what's most important no one
contests the fact that use of chemical
weapons cannot be tolerated and must be
deterred that is essential now it's
important for us to look toward the
future as I just said earlier these
strikes are an a necessary response in
the service of law and in the service of
our policy to put an end to the Syrian
tragedy this is why together with our
British and US colleagues we will be
presenting a draft resolution on the
political chemical and humanitarian
tracts of the Syrian dossier in order to
achieve a lasting solution to the
conflict France will work with all the
members of the Security Council for this
purpose thank you you know a quarter but
it's not the France I thank the
represent over France for your statement
and I now give the floor to the
representative of the Netherlands Thank
You mr. president the Kingdom of the
Netherlands has voted against the draft
resolution proposed by the Russian
Federation it's because this draft does
not provide for the action that the
Security Council's are urgently needs to
take after the use of chemical weapons
in Syria it ignores the very essence of
what the Security Council needs to do
this council should act and condemn the
use of chemical weapons in Syria protect
the Syrian people and hold accountable
those responsible and this resolution
does none of this thank you very much
mr. president quarter I thank the
representative of the Netherlands for
her statement and alcohol on the
representative of Kuwait Thank You mr.
president
the state of kuwait voted against the
draft resolution at the time where we
reiterate our adherence to the
principles and purposes of the UN
Charter that provide for the non use of
force or threat of and the use of
peaceful means to settle disputes and
yesterday's use of force was a result of
obstructing the will of the
international community and particularly
obstructing the effort and determination
of the Security Council to take measures
that were available to put an end to the
continued use of internationally
prohibited chemical weapons in Syria
this is a flagrant violation of
resolution 2118 that unequivocally
expressed the determination of the
council to take action under Chapter 7
of the Charter in the case that one or
more parties do not comply with the
provisions and in case of the continued
use of chemical weapons in Syria the
council needs to regain its unity and
show that its resource responsibilities
towards the maintenance of international
peace and security in accordance with
the UN Charter it must agree on a new
independent impartial and professional
mechanism to investigate any use of
chemical weapons that would identify
those who are responsible for those
crimes and hold them to account and make
sure they do not enjoy impunity we call
for intensified efforts and return to
the political track under the auspices
of the UN to reach a peaceful settlement
of the crisis in accordance with Geneva
1 communique of 2012 and resolution 2254
I Thank You mr. president
lui lacrosse captain I thank the
representative of Kuwait for his
statement I now give the floor to the
Arab side of China
Thank You mr. president
I so know China has always opposed the
use of force international relations we
advocate the respect of sovereignty
independence unity and territorial
integrity of all countries any
unilateral military action bypassing the
Security Council runs counter to the
purposes and principles of the UN
Charter and while is the principles of
international law and the basic normos
governing international relations and
will further complicate the Syrian issue
based on the principle position China
voted in favor of the draft resolution
performed by the
Russian Federation I would like to
emphasize here that political settlement
is the only viable way to solve the
Syrian issue China urges the relevant
parties to keep calm exercise restraint
and return to the framework of
international law and resolve the issues
through dialogue and negotiation we
support the role of the UN s main
channel for mediation and we will make
our own remedy efforts for the political
settlement of the Syrian issue together
with the international community Thank
You mr. president
Nyko I thank the representative of China
for his statement I now give the floor
to the representative of the Russian
Federation Thank You mr. president
today is a day when the Security Council
on the international community must
raise its voice in favour of peace
security the UN Charter an international
law each one sitting each one of the
delegations in this room represents a
sovereign state and no one should try to
urge them or dictate to them how to
interpret international law the UN
Charter and how to exercise their own
conscience we will never have any qualms
to vote as dictated by the international
law the UN Charter our conscience and
law today's meeting confirms that the
United States Great Britain and France
permanent members of the Security
Council
continue to put international politics
and diplomacy in the realm of myth
making myths invented in London Paris
and Washington this is a dangerous
aberration it is a diplomacy of myth
making of hypocrisy of falsehoods and of
substitution of ideas and notions if we
continue down this path will soon reach
the diplomacy of the absurd you're
forcing you're creating these myths and
then you're forcing everyone to try to
believe in these myths we put facts
encountered contrary to your myths and a
the picture of what is actually taking
place in real life but you are not
seeing this you're not hearing this you
don't want to see it
you are simply disregarding what we are
telling you you have invented a legend
about this constant resolution that is
being put forward to which and you
provoke Russia to voted to veto it so as
to present this whole situation in a
favorable light you distort
international law by substituting
important notions and concepts you are
engaged in open hypocrisy you are
demanding a conduct of an investigation
even before the investigation you
appoint those who are guilty and punish
them why didn't you wait for the outcome
of the investigation which you yourself
called for the Security Council is in a
Parral state of paralysis become pointed
to three reasons based on the concept of
humanitarian intervention
now you're trying to substitute the the
UN Charter for this this is precisely we
and other countries did not support that
concept in the past and can continue not
to support it now because we don't want
this to become a justification for your
crime once again we demand immediate
stop to aggression and refrain from the
illegal use of force in the future
today you once again demonstrated to the
entire world your illicit games in the
Soviet times there was a brochure which
was called when's the threat of peace
comes from in that brochure it spoke of
military preparations of by Washington
and the NATO countries nothing has
changed
the that is precisely whence the threat
of to peace continues to come from just
look at what is being said and which
drums of war being beaten in Washington
covering again using the cover of the of
hypocrisy and the they care the interest
in democracy and human rights now this
is from note 507 and and I can't I can't
give you a list of all these things that
in that note it's too long I can mention
other examples about how the French
president expressed an interest in the
investigation in Duma and was ready to
send a french experts in his
conversations with President Putin then
all of a sudden that just evaporated
because a different algorithm was
launched that's quite obvious today is a
very sad day mr. president it's a sad
day for peace for the world for the UN
for its Charter which was blatantly
blatantly violated
for the Security Council also which has
shirked its responsibilities I would
like to believe that we will not see a
day that is worse than today thank you
very much
direct quote I thank the representative
of the Russian Federation for his
statement I will now make a new
statement in my capacity as the
representative of Karuma Peru abstained
because we believe that the draft
resolution did not adequately reflect
the need to guarantee appropriate
accountability for the use of chemical
weapons throughout the Syrian territory
at the same time because the language of
the draft is imbalanced and it does not
help restore unity within the council
which is so needed in order to deal
holistically with the events in Syria I
resumed my function as president of the
Security Council the United Kingdom has
requested the floor to make a new
statement I give you the floor thank you
very much mr. president
I think it's obvious why we voted
against the resolution we support
completely what the French
representative laid out about next steps
and we will work tirelessly to that
objective along with partners on the
council mr. president the Russian
ambassador referred to myths these are
not our myths mr. president
the way forward in the council has been
blocked the second of our own criteria
for taking this action on an exceptional
basis that it must be objectively clear
there is no practicable alternative to
the use of force if lives are to be
saved mr. president in the hundred and
thirteen meetings of this council on
Syria I think the
has been demonstrated absolutely
crystal-clear the United Kingdom
believes that it cannot be illegal to
prevent the use of force to save lives
in such numbers as we have seen in Syria
the reason we took this action mr.
president our legal basis was that of
humanitarian intervention we believe
that is wholly within the principles and
purposes of the United Nations Thank You
Nicole I thank the representative of the
United Kingdom for her statement the
Syrian Arab Republic has requested the
floor to make a new statement you have
the floor
Thank You mr. president I apologize for
requesting the floor once again mr.
president the scene that we just
witnessed is quite sent in this council
there are those who prefer to overlook
and not see a big elephant that we've
spoken of before the elephant is namely
a direct military occupation of
one-third of my country's territory a
military occupation an American direct
military occupation of one-third of our
territory however there are those who
speak of small minor details and they
think that they are pivotal the
political scene is way more dangerous
than this we are a state whose
sovereignty has been violated by a
permanent member of this council this is
the true scene and not the allegations
or
a film by the white helmets it is a
terrorist organization established by
the British intelligence we need to
focus on the main scene here some would
claim that they are fighting ISIL in
Syria and Iraq however they have given a
cover for eysan whatever we make
advances against eysan us British and
French warplanes bombard our military
sciences so that we would not achieve
victory against ISIL
however this failed we were able to
achieve victory against ISIL with our
brothers in Iraq in three years and not
in 50 years as president former
President Obama predicted we understand
that the capitals of the three countries
that launched the aggression have a
frustration some colleagues who voted
against the Russian draft resolution
said that they support political
settlement we tell them now after their
shameful vote against the resolution
that those who voted against the draft
resolution are no longer partners of the
Syrian government in any political
settlement process the British
ambassador explained things about the
Malvinas Islands this testimony uncovers
the facts about imperious imperialistic
policies of Britain madam ambassador
I am actually the porter of the c24 on
their decolonization and I work under
the agenda of the UN and the agenda of
the secretary-general and my job and my
colleagues in c24 is to end the
colonization
in this world and the Malvinas is on the
list of territories that do not enjoy
independence we work in accordance with
the UN agenda to end the British
occupation of the milkiness
as for my colleague the ambassador of
Kuwait I would like to remind him he is
well aware and his government knows that
when my country participated in the
liberation of Kuwait we did not justify
our principal position to the people of
Kuwait it was based on our principles we
did not need draft resolutions or
meetings or any tripartite aggression we
did not look into the provisions of the
Charter and we did not undermine our
national obligation to our brothers in
Kuwait and we did not join any block
that was aggressive to Kuwait we
fulfilled our national duty towards our
brothers in the state of Kuwait he would
also recall the ambassador of Kuwait
that at the time my country could have
played a different role and negatively
impact it could have negatively impacted
the peace and security stability of
Kuwait but we choose not to do so we
acted upon a national principle position
that is not subject to negotiation or
discussion I Thank You mr. president I
would like to thank the representative
of the Arabs here in Republic for a
statement there are no further speakers
on my list the meeting is adjourned
