we can now cross live to Robert Naiman
policy director of the organization just
a foreign policy now mr. diamond the
head of the International Committee of
Russia's Federation Council stated this
attack was conducted in order to create
difficulties for the OPCW mission which
is of course expected to start today
what do you make of that comment well
this is a cynical act this is a cynical
act it's illegal under international law
it's illegal under US law the
administration that supporters have no
plausible story that this Act will make
anything better even the New York Times
dismissed this act before it happened as
a feel-good limited strikes and bollocky
Act for domestic consumption so what can
we say about the United States United
Kingdom and France
these are cynical actors they're not
interested in what happens to civilians
in Syria or in Yemen or anywhere else
with the leaves it's a sad day for the
world to know that these countries are
so cynical and callous but I I hope that
this is the end and that this behavior
won't continue
a president Trump is facing criticism
from the Democratic Party and even some
from some Republicans for not seeking
authorization from Congress before I
went ahead with this
why didn't he and how strong of a
backlash do you think he's going to
experience here well we saw before the
act that several senators at least five
and eighty eight members of the House of
Representatives spoke out publicly to
the president said you know under the
Constitution under the War Powers
Resolution this decision is not belong
to the president States supposed to be a
democracy we Trump his president he's
not the king under the article 1 of the
Constitution section 2 see the War
Powers Resolution Congress not the
president decides when the United States
will go to war when the United States
will use military force
president Trump ignored that he decided
that it was his decision to carry out
the strike how strong the backlash would
be you know I tell you the front left
that was what I just told you the front
left five members dissent in 88
Democratic from Republican members of
the House I hope that more members will
speak up in the future than in the past
if they're especially if there's any
indication that this is not the end I
mean I'm sorry for the cynicism but some
members of Congress are okay with this
so long as it's this kind of fake
limited symbolic thing but wouldn't be
okay with it if it were sustained so
hopefully it won't be sustained aid but
if it is sustained then hopefully these
other members of Congress will speak up
and assert their War Powers and it's
just that Trump cannot go any further
women it's already done
interesting how we've seen a similar
kind of actions from the UK Prime
Minister Theresa May she didn't even ask
for Parliament's approval before she
went ahead with this and a year ago
British Parliament didn't allow her to
participate in a bombing campaign with
the u.s. so do you think she went ahead
because she was afraid they wouldn't
allow it again I absolutely think that I
mean we can't say for sure but it seems
like a completely reasonable story
Parliament is on recess if it comes back
on Monday I don't think that's a
coincidence we've seen the same pattern
in the rhetoric UK as in the United
States the president the Prime Minister
they love to do this when Parliament is
not in session when Congress is not in
session every why do this why what was
the emergency why did this have to
happen on the weekend on Friday night
the united sates saturday morning in the
middle east because that's when these
dictators really prefer to do these
actions
what is threesome a its authority to do
this without partly from apparently
comes from the Queen of England because
the UK doesn't have a constitution isn't
that preposterous
what is president Trump's authority to
do this he claims that he's the king of
the United States apparently my McCrone
in France what is this Authority I don't
know these three men these three leaders
Trump McCrone and may they they see
themselves as the master of mankind who
who approved this the Security Council
didn't approve it Congress didn't
approve it Parliament didn't approve it
probably you caved in or improve it and
you know these are the same governments
that now would love to have us believe
that their action Syria has some of you
are protecting civilians these are the
same three governments that are arming
and facilitating and participating in
the Saudi war in Yemen the cause of the
worst humanitarian
right world billions of human beings on
the brink of famine worst cholera
outbreak in human history millions of
human beings suffering from the blockade
of food medicine and fuel at Yemen's Red
Sea ports these are the countries that
would these are the government's would
have us believe but this this bombing
has something to do with protecting
civilians is that any human utterance
ever so preposterous does anybody in the
world believe that this military action
has anything to do with protecting
civilians I can't imagine that anyone be
so foolish to believe such assertions
Robin Lyman policy director of the
organization just foreign policy thank
you for joining goes on RT international
and sharing your thoughts we appreciate
it
