reports of a chemical attack first
appeared strangely enough it's almost
the precise moment the battle had ended
when the Syrian government and rebels
were negotiating on how to evacuate the
latter reports first appeared on social
media Twitter Facebook and spread like
wildfire well my colleague Ken Delaney
inand I have learned today that the u.s.
now has blood and urine samples from
some of the victims of this this attack
in Syria last weekend and that those
samples according to US officials tested
positive for chemicals sources the
usuals white helmets who service
rescuers for Islamists and Syrian rebels
also the somewhat less known syrian
american medical society
sam's together with the white helmets
they were cited by The Washington Post
The New York Times CNN virtually every
Western media outlets reporting on this
chemical attack on Saturday April 7th
amidst continuous bombardment of
residential neighborhoods in the city of
Douma more than 500 cases the majority
of whom are women and children were
brought to local medical centers with
symptoms indicative of exposure to a
chemical agent Sam's itself is funded by
US aid six million in 2015 US aid is
widely believed to be an arm of the
State Department and is banned in
multiple countries accused of
interfering in domestic policies and
promoting regime change it even has an
office of transition initiatives the
management at Sam's also believe it or
not former US aid staff
Sam's who reportedly provided the UPC
w-with samples of the alleged sarin gas
that was used in handshaking the site of
a chemical attack last year after which
Donald Trump sent 57 cruise missiles at
the Syrian air base OPCW is on its way
to Duma to investigate we've contacted
various groups including the World
Health Organization they've cited Sam's
but have refused to go into any details
what comes next
no one can say whether the US will go
ahead with a preemptive strike or where
the cooler heads will prevail
Miska life no Connie Marsh on former
five intelligence officer hi Annie
you're taking these details like we are
to what extent could the witness
testimony here that's been put forward
by Russia's Defense Ministry change how
this perceived chemical attack these
allegations of it are being viewed will
it make any difference or not well it
has been a rush in the in the West to
Stampede towards trying to escalate the
violence in Syria but one would hope
that once the OPCW gets its boots on the
ground and starts investigating properly
taking witness statements taking samples
they may may come to a more measured
conclusion what I find really alarming
though is the hypocrisy of what's going
on in the UN at the moment where the UN
American representative nikki Haley has
been saying today that the Russians are
just being obstructive in this whole
investigation they keep vetoing things
they keep stopping things they refuse to
agree to forms of words and yet at the
very same time over the last couple of
weeks we've had these demonstrations in
Gaza where the Israelis have been
shooting protesters and countries have
been trying at the same time in the UN
to launch objections and it's the US
that's vetoing all these so you know
what's going on between these two sides
is hypocritical at best certainly with
the US response while we're on the
subject nikki Haley today just a few
hours ago she says the u.s. the UK and
France have all arrived at the same
conclusion concerning the alleged attack
in fact let's listen to her I'll come
straight back did a chemical weapons
attack happened
yes the US has analyzed yes it has
happened the UK has analyzed yes that
it's happened France has analyzed yes it
has happened three separate analysis all
coming back with the same thing there is
proof that this happened what she
referring to there when she says
analyzed considering no British and no
American experts actually on the ground
this of what what evidence are they
analyzing well it's very good question I
mean one presumes they're they're
trawling through their vast databases of
electronic surveillance and might have
picked up some chatter or some whispers
from who knows whom who might have been
on the ground in in Syria I mean let's
bear in mind as well a member seeing
this live on international media a few
weeks ago that one of the senior Russian
generals actually warned there was going
to be a false flag chemical weapons
attack in Syria now you know where is
that coming from as well because you
really the Russians were picking up
chatter but you know in the other
direction this is why the OPCW has to be
so careful in gathering evidence in
analyzing what might have happened
speaking to eyewitnesses as well because
you know we've had other alleged
chemical weapons attacks in Syria over
the last few years and the two most
notorious in Oblivion and the one last
year have both been debunked by very
serious investigative journalists not
least Seymour Hersh who is a Pulitzer
Prize winning American journalist and he
won the Sam Adams Award last year for it
a final for another twist here as these
accusations go backwards and forwards
yet another day Moscow now accusing
today the UK of directly orchestrating
what it called a provocation considering
what's going on is souls brick cetera et
cetera in relations of late what do you
make of that claim it could obviously
just be a tit for tat we know that on
the other hand we do know that the UK
and the US intelligence agencies have
been shusei advising the so-called
rebels ie
you know Islamic terrorists on the
ground in Syria and giving them a
sadistic aport over the last few years
which has prolonged the agony of the
Syrian people so you know who knows
what's going on it would be great if
every country could have a fair hearing
in these sort of investigations rather
than a sort of gang bullying mentality
of the major Western countries ganging
up together in all you know
automatically blaming Russia or Iran or
Syria or whatever
