Russia's Defense Ministry has released a
video in which witnesses of the
aftermath of the alleged chemical attack
in Syria's duma say there was no
indication that those rushed to hospital
had been exposed to a chemical agent my
name is Khalil Ashish
I am a medical student I work in the ER
Department of duma's central hospital on
April 8th a building in the city was
bombed the upper floors were destroyed
and the bottom floors caught fire all
the injured from that building were
brought to our Hospital the residents
from the upper floors were suffering
from smoke inhalation
and that is what we treated them for
based on the symptoms they exhibited
this has been obviously dominating
headlines over the past few days that
incident in Duma whatever took place has
attracted very different versions of
events from the Russian side the Syrian
side and the US UK and France something
did happen in duma on the 7th of april
with the western nations and the white
helmets group on the ground in syria
claiming it was a chemical attack by the
damascus government on civilians killing
and injuring dozens the russian side the
mask is saying this was all a setup now
today we've got that evidence allegedly
from the russian m OD saying they have
identified an individual in the video
you can see just being played there that
video was used as part of the evidence
by the white helmets and Western nations
to prove that there was a chemical
attack in duma as those rebels and
civilians were being evacuated you can
see the man highlighted the witness
there on the video just for our viewers
they claim they've identified that man
found him subsequently asked of exactly
what happened in that incident on the
7th of April in Dubai let's take a
listen to what exactly had to say about
what took place in the hospital after
that time
like and not during treatment some
person came in I don't know who that was
and said that it was a chemical attack
people got scared a fight broke out
relatives of the victims started pouring
water on one another
others began to give inhalers for asthma
to children even though these people
were not medical professionals we did
not see any patients exhibiting symptoms
of chemical poisoning this video amongst
others of course quite shocking
disturbing images of civilian casualties
was circulated online on social media
and cited by the aforementioned
organizations countries as evidence of
that chemical attack and evidence of
course is the key word here it's the
real crux of the issue but an OPCW team
heading over to duma on the way there
they should be there over the next 24-48
hours or so believe they have arrived in
Syria their findings will be key to
establishing what really happened in
duma whether there was some sort of
chemical incident by the damascus
government by assad as the Western
nations are saying or as we heard from
the Russian mo deeb the Russian military
has gathered evidence that indicates the
direct involvement of Great Britain in
organizing the provocation in eastern
gutten we know for a fact that London
pressured the so called white helmets to
carry out the plans provocation as soon
as possible they were told that from the
3rd to the 6th of April rebels would
carry out a series of heavy shellings of
Damascus and that this would lead to a
reaction from the government forces
which the white helmets should use for
their provocation and to allege the use
of chemical weapons now these are
obviously quite strong allegations from
the Russian Ministry of Defense or other
counter allegations as to this alleged
chemical incident in duma something they
will have to obviously provide evidence
for specific before for Britain's
involvement in this the key a bit of
evidence now as we said before is the
arrival of the OPCW team with a UN man
that u n-- instructions on the ground to
get those soil samples get those air
samples examine any victims if there are
any and find out if any chemicals were
use that's the key thing to prove what
exactly happened and to give
advertising credibility to either of
these two versions we'll find that out
of course in the next 24 to 48 hours
