hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
on this unique edition of crosstalk we
review a new and very important book
John Mearsheimer 'he's the great
delusion liberal dreams and
international realities it's a real
bombshell
Krauss sucking the great delusion
liberal dreams and international
realities I'm joined by my guest near
Moscow mark Sloboda he's an
international affairs and security
analyst we also have dmitriyevich he's a
political analyst with Sputnik
International and we have Glenn dicen he
is a professor at the higher School of
Economics as well as author of the decay
of Western civilization and resurgence
of Russia all right gentlemen crosstalk
rules in effect that means it can jump
any time you want and I always
appreciate it okay Glenn let me go to
you first here I'm really big fan of on
your chalmers work he is a realist what
does that mean well political theories I
have two made two main theories the
political realists they believe that
well to explain how states behave this
serious essentially being dependent on
external situations so there's no good
state of bad state everyone acts based
on the international distribution of
power
so in this contrast with liberal theory
in which we look more at the internal
characteristics of states so whether or
not they're Democratic if they're if
they have economic interdependence if
the humans dry institutions their human
rights shows yeah so such you have these
two theories which competes against each
other to explain how the world works in
new Shimer calls his liberal hegemony
and he says it's doomed to fail mark
yeah this this is in many ways Mears
homers magnum opus of what has now been
several decades of his fierce critique
of u.s. foreign policy basically since
the end of the Cold War and how it has
emerged not only as the hegemon in terms
of power but has quite I would say
selectively use that power to try to
reshape the world in its own image
rather than say the more realist notion
of balancing power centers and trying to
present another hegemon from emerging
regionally it has delved into an
ideology of exceptionalism which which
mayor's himer identifies as just another
type of nationalism and he also
specifically addresses the way
that the Liberals have not only you know
dominated you know the foreign policy in
in terms of action but the inner circle
such that there isn't realists or no
longer even really accepted in the
discourse it's it's something that's
taught in universities and then
immediately rejected in in favor of you
know liberalism and its antecedent on
the other hand the Nyoka did this whole
liberal approach to international
relations as when I mentioned I mean it
sounds nice and warm and fuzzy yeah we
you know if you have the power why not
try to support human rights if you have
the power have fair trading
relationships but it never works out
that way
Mearsheimer would argue that makes
things even worse because these end up
being Wars of choice go ahead baby well
I think that Mitt Romney is very
soft-spoken he stays more or less in the
frame you should meet him politically
politically correct language I mean he
Germany oh yes well I think that what he
calls governing you know this is from a
review of that book by the American
conservative you know a dagger they
called it a dagger pointed at the heart
of America's governing philosophy
progressive liberalism well I think that
you should call a spade a spade
progressive liberal is more ultra
liberalism as I call it now it's not
even a governing philosophy in the
United States it's a totalitarian
ideology which determines not only that
the the state's action but which
determines education arts sports and of
course foreign policy and of course
military policy so when for example
mishima writes about the United States
obviously the state's militaristic
behavior is almost certain to end up
threatening its own liberal values
liberalism abroad leads to a liberalism
at home and of quote well it's not just
liberals you know putting people like
Chelsea Manning in jail for life you
know organizing a worldwide cheese for
for Edward Snowden this is not a little
Mearsheimer is criticizing promotes for
example the war in in Syria and promotes
the illegal regime change in in Ukraine
in 2014 because if you look at this
liberal hegemony and it's really
surprising to me that you when you get
into an argument you know with a counter
position to the things I've just
mentioned they all have this de facto
default position of I'm an illiberal
person because I'm not going to project
my values I mean they can't even they're
not even self-aware of that okay go
ahead
no there's nothing democracy human
rights these are all good things but
they have to be based on power
foundations otherwise because this is
essentially from the realist mind at
least what drives international politics
now mark mentioned that the realist had
to some extent been purged out of the
discipline from after the Cold War and
this there were systemic incentives for
this of course cause during the Cold War
it made sense to look at things through
this balance of power however if you
would still follow this theory after the
Cold War then you would have to see the
West was now overwhelmingly powerful the
Soviet Union didn't exist anymore if we
then follow this theory then the logic
suggest we should start to pull back and
essentially this dismantled NATO which
is what essentially people like Mersh
I'm a waltz waltz and others have argued
however you then have this aesthetic
incentives for liberals because they
said no actually we create peace by
expanding NATO because we're promoting
democracy we're promoting human rights
we should actually go and topple
governments around the world because
that's a good way of promoting democracy
so as you mentioned it's a nice idea
that you know if you go out to promote
democracy as a form of security because
democracy is a parallel go don't go to
war with each other then everyone
benefits but at the end of the day you
see that it essentially undermines any
self insight or any sympathy for anyone
else because again no American foreign
policy since the end of the Cold War it
has just been a Trail of Tears for the
people that are on the receiving end of
it
Marc democracies don't go to war with
each other except when they do I have us
attack on Serbia no I don't agree that
the pursuit of democracy and human
rights in international relations is
anyway a good thing what kind of things
I mean if that if that can be attained
okay without use of violence I mean I
think like sure I should defending and
promoting idea it's the actions to
promote metamath or seize first of all
it's obvious selectivity and hypocrisy
you know the u.s. is biggest allies in
the Middle East are the powerful liberal
democracies of Saudi Arabia Qatar and
Bahrain and you know yeah and the United
Arab Emirates so the u.s. supplies you
know I'm there is a massive Liberal
foreign policy the u.s. arms over 70% of
the world's dictatorships according you
know to US researchers and they're
trying to cut Russia out of the
remaining 25% that Russia and China
share amongst them so you know it's it's
really a case of liberal foreign policy
is an exercise in hypocrisy it's
weaponized
liberalism as a basically a means of
demonizing propaganda for my enemies and
for my dictator friends well we all see
the press coverage that Mohammed bin
Salman it's really interesting because
it really is a PR tremor because even if
it fails with Iraq Afghanistan Syria
what's going on with Saudi Arabia it
still your intentions were good okay and
that's why no one leaves loses their job
on cable TV in the u.s. it's not the
first time that lofty ideas lead to the
most terrible results in fact the worst
wars in the life of humanity were led
fall of the ideas I mean the Napoleonic
Wars which destroyed Europe in the early
in the beginning of the 19th century
they were all formally about spreading
republican values and enlightenment and
humanism and even
wise people like heinrich heine the
famous german poet even they kind of got
lured into this into this trap basically
I just love this this quote from from
neshama occur say the impulse is deeply
wired into the liberal democracies
especially their release and of cold
well this is something that a lot of
Muslims don't understand when the
Western democracies came to them with
arms weapons and Wars beginning from the
90s the initially thought the Crusaders
are back with their Christian ideas no
the Crusaders but not with Christian
ideas with something much worse deployed
with something very very detached from
Christianity from tradition something
something utopian and something terrible
Tim hits on it exactly which is again
the problem with its universalism
whether you're talking liberalism today
Christianity at one time communism at
another time if we all know diverse
solicitous again crusading impulse the
desire to force other people to live
your a decision that you'll save you
have a good life to save them that is
what is so terrible about a liberal
foreign policy and Mearsheimer even says
although he contradicts himself later
that he prefers a liberal style of
government instead of home at home but
in the anarchic world of international
politics with no world government
competing power centers it is a recipe
for militarism and imperialism and
disaster the loss of rights at home I
would just say push back on the one
thing mark mentioned and I think
mr.sharma would agree with me that well
let's say that you have a you know human
rights democracy but if it's fun founded
on power then it would be fine for
example after the Cold War let's say we
would have created a greater Europe
based on Gorbachev's yeah common
European home so everyone becomes part
of the same Club and we agree on certain
humanitarian standards or you know
democratic freedoms I will and you're a
well so ya know
but that might have worked but instead
we develop in and Sounion but instead it
became it became an instrument of powers
essentially now we can expand and using
democracy as a reason so again look very
much as a new civilizing mission so the
new white man's burden is to go out and
bring democracy to the you know the poor
of the other of the rest of the world
and what hold that thought we're gonna
go to a short break and after that short
break we'll continue our discussion on
John Mearsheimer new book staying with
our team welcome back to crop stock
where all things are considered I'm
Peter LaBelle to remind you were
discussing John Mearsheimer snoo book
let me go back to Glenn here was getting
a bit heated there and everyone's trying
to grab space here continue your point
my friend well I was just gonna make
point that according to this new liberal
theory and in liberal ideology this less
scope for compromise because if you have
if if this realistic you know you can
always agree that you should have a
balanced and you can reach a compromise
but for the Liberals if you think that
you know spreading your Empire your
liberal Empire will bring perpetual
peace then any any compromise with your
other serious essential appeasement and
so instead you have this incentive to
pursue a perpetual war in order to
achieve perpetual peace and I think
that's what makes them so dangerous that
you can't you can't compromise you can't
negotiate this essentially goes against
the whole idea that we can actually
reach this point where the world becomes
this peaceful democratic utopia so that
I guess that that's my main bit that's
the fascinating point because the
compromise means evil you can't
compromise with with evil with would be
tanks we can compromise with Saudi
Arabia just not Russia and China well
explain that okay it's simply because
Saudi Arabia other countries Qatar a
terrain long ago geopolitically aligned
themselves with US foreign policy
interests it's it's not the principle
that matters whether you're considering
whether to align yourself with illegal
countries whether you're considering
Saudi Arabia or Russia or China or you
know any Turkey or any number of
countries it's not principle that
actually determines it it's just rank
hypocrisy it's a it's a lie they tell
and believe themselves I mean obviously
these think tanks because realism
describes the real world and liberalism
describes a made-up world and a made-up
set of conditions of human nature
realism and maritime air elaborates on
this you know realism views the world
that we are all social animals that we
are born into a culture a society and we
we naturally interact with each other
liberalism views that we are all
this atomized individuals who think
about and sign social contracts with
each other and this erroneous
assumptions about human nature lie at
the fault of liberalism to be a theory
for foreign policy in the world real
world and that failure to to act on the
real world and real human nature leads
to the disastrous consequences war
inevitable violence and tensions that
arise with a liberal foreign policy well
mark raised an important issue why did
the United States as a liberal power
ally themselves with Saudi Arabia this
is the question that a lot of Russian
establishment figures a lot of Russian
elite is asking if Saudi Arabia can be
an ally why can't we well the answer I
think is the following Saudi Arabia will
never be a truly independent sovereign
state with a elite with the kind of
morals that they have it's not a state
it's a family they will always depend in
the same way the United States could
ally itself with mileage China in the
seventies but it cannot allow itself
with more or less normal China of today
so basically what happens is that
Russian elite will have to make a choice
you know they wanted to have good
relations with the United States they
tried to accommodate the United States
for many years that the whole idea was
that if they want money we'll give money
if they want territory you know to
develop oil and gas we can do it
together why aren't you doing that well
because these people don't want only
your money they want to change you they
want your souls they want your so they
want to change you profoundly and in
that sense you know when when Glenn said
that you know that Wilsonian idea to
make the world safe for democracy the
result is that the world is not safe
first for other countries and then in
the end it becomes unsafe for democracy
too so when for example even some
Russian diplomats say we have no
ideological differences with the United
States over the West no weed
because the whole difference is methods
George F canon said that it was the most
important thing about ideology methods
Russia does not want to change other
countries modeling them in its own image
the United States wants and here I think
Marsh Rama gives that excellent quote
from George W Bush exactly before the
invasion of Iraq how George Bush saw
Iraq and liberated Iraq can show power
freedom to transform that vital region
by bringing hope and progress into the
lives of millions America's interest in
security and America's belief in Liberty
both lead in the same direction to a
free and peaceful Iraq and of quote he
forgot to add with Isis here another
famous but I think flawed because I'm
Mearsheimer is not flawed but a flawed
writer Francis Fukuyama we still have
this the last man in the end of history
I mean you people dismissed the book as
they should but that's still kind of the
genetic code of liberalism actually it
was Harold I know I thought it was peace
but this is awful and completely wrong
and I think meerschaum it's right he
keeps revising it oh he just made a lot
of money off it but you've been trashing
his own book here but but that's my
point here it's messianic is that when
you have a messianic view of the world
you can't tweak it because it it's
perfect it's sacred
it's a deity in and of itself and any
doubting of it it collapse completely go
ahead it was a kind of a beautiful
theory for liberal hegemony because what
it really said this last man and in the
history the thesis was that now
all ideologies were exhausted those only
one left I was liberal democracy and
every country if they wanted to matter
in the world we have to embrace it and
everyone would follow under US
leadership and essentially try to
emulate
its model and again this is to I think
it's important to point a book out
because it's been at the foundation of
this liberal delusion which marshana
points to and I think therefore big
one of the main issues that merchantman
looks at us is the Western relationship
with Russia because this has probably
been the most toxic of this liberal
hegemony big comes from a realist
perspective every realist even Kenan
were especially Canon George Kennan
Darcy they recognize that you know if
you expand the world's largest military
alliance up to Russia's borders Russia
will be very anxious it will start to
push back and when it pushes back it's a
for mutual security the best thing is to
get a settlement in place and try to
recognize okay let's not cross this
border let's find a mutually beneficial
solution but under this liberal delusion
what we're seeing is oh well we're just
promoting democracy Russia hates
democracy it's afraid of the market
value stay and so by allowing Russia to
essentially balance us this is the
biggest threat to peace and we have to
defeat them it is the logic so the idea
that liberalism is this peaceful
ideology or theory it's a phony it
couldn't you can recast it in any
different way first of all the United
States and its Imperium their post
modernist when it comes to international
relations
Russia is a modernist okay because they
believe in borders okay
the West says they believe in values
okay and then the method the method
right okay this is really interesting
let's talk about another book that it
dovetails on with this like our beloved
even Walt who is a political ally of
John Mearsheimer his book came out at
the same just the titles afterward the
hell of good intentions America's
foreign policy elite and the Cline of us
primacy and he has previously
collaborated with John Mearsheimer on a
piece critiquing the the corrosive
influence of Israeli influence in
Washington right and they were pretty
much exiled from DC you know from after
that because of its ill reception and if
you go on YouTube you can find there's a
video at from Harvard's Belfer Center
the liberal world
sorter reflects on grand strategy and
not-so-great assumptions this is Walt
and Mary simmer together discussing both
of us I'm on steroids you have a liberal
voice to challenge them at there as well
I strongly suggest you watch that video
and we have this zinger in there from
Walt liberal hegemony is a full
employment strategy for the US as
foreign policy elite and III think it's
really great he also develops the idea
what you're talking about how liberalism
it actually erodes the foundations of
what a state is because the liberal
elite their their cosmopolitan nature
they don't believe in borders that you
know the free flow of people of value
spread across the world they don't
actually care you know for the idea of a
nation there at the end of the day
opposed to it and because of that that
the mere timer analyzes in his book he
focuses on this trifecta and how they
interact with each other
realism liberalism and Nash nationally
that's you've got it that yeah the thing
is these liberal hegemon x' Dima
you don't have to know anything about
culture you don't have to know anything
about nations you don't have to know
anything about foreign languages nothing
because your values are your guiding
light okay and you were absolutely right
and you must defeat the heathen and
convert everyone using the sword in
furnaces inside every black brown and
yellow person is a little white liberal
consumer just waiting to be freed with
the gun all trueflame
mark just a pair of braces you go ahead
in the 90s as a translator for a wall
street correspondent here she said that
the first thing she heard from her
bosses when she went to moscow just if
she had to learn russian they said let's
not make it a language club very soon
all the world will be speaking English
you know what we what I what I'm afraid
of in this liberal hegemony isn't it is
it is its tendency to have a monopoly
and tendency to have government
intervention
because this is exactly what Mearsheimer
writes in his books he basically defends
he basically divides liberals into the
so called modus vivendi liberals you
know from the times of john locke the
ones that have nothing against and the
so-called progressive liberals who say
that a government action is required to
promote positive rights meaning gender
rights all these things that we know
about so this is what this is the way
towards the turret Arianism when
basically you have an ideological
monopoly in the end you end up having
monopolies in economy like all of these
transnational companies you know high
tech companies you have a monopoly in in
science which is detrimental to science
and basically you have government
interfering everywhere if i can fake
news we've run out of time with
everything you just said demon what it
ends up being in toto is intolerance
exactly that's what it becomes in
monopoly gentlemen that's all the time
we have here many thanks my guests here
in moscow and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here RT see you next time
and remember crosstalk walls
