Donald Trump's new pick for America's
top diplomat Mike Pompeo has gone
through a required Senate drilling while
outlining his view of u.s. foreign
policy right now yes how we explained
the difference between Russia and the US
and their roles on the world stage
this is a unique exceptional country
Russia is unique but not exceptional
there we are they would like to smear a
card in Washington DC she's been
following that hearing for us nearly
five hours of questions there to have a
clear sense of Pompey's foreign policy
vision at the end of it or not well yes
we do and regime change was discussed at
Mike Pompeo as confirmation hearing for
the position of Secretary of State and
he was asked why it would be okay for
the u.s. to adopt a regime changes
official policy but not brush up for
example and apparently it's because the
u.s. is quote exceptional and Russia
isn't but it's not clear what this saw
policy is exactly considering a Trump's
tweets and recent sanctions imposed on
Moscow just last week and Pompeyo seems
to be proud of this as saying that the
US has expelled the most diplomats at
any time since the Cold War and he also
said that he would make sure that the
administration continues his policy I
take a back seat to no one with my views
of the threat that are is presented to
America from Russia and if I am
confirmed as the Secretary of State I
can assure you this administration will
continue as it has for the past 15
months to take real actions to push back
to reset the deterrence relationship
with respect to Russia and on other
issues pompeya repeated the
establishment line but looking at his
nomination through a wider lens a trump
also appointed Bush Aaron neocon John
Bolton as his national security adviser
so it won't be too surprising if we see
a more hawkish foreign policy from the
US and you still agree that far from
being a great public service WikiLeaks
is more of like a non-state actor
hostile to the interest the national
interest in security in the United
States Senate Ruby I do believe that
and I think you still agree that
Vladimir Putin's government actively
interfered in our presidential elections
and elections at large in 2016 yes sir
that's great
phony democracy is in the vital national
interests of the United States yes
indeed Center and our effectiveness at
doing that is an important tool of
American foreign policy well like I said
with the appointment of John Bolton as
Trump's national security adviser and
now Mike Pompeo as Secretary of State
not only will we see a hawkish foreign
policy but maybe a more aggressive
stance towards Russia
