police in the UK have released a
statement on behalf of Yulia scruple the
daughter of former double agents both of
who were poisoned in the British city of
Salisbury just over a month ago dear a
Tudor takes us through the timeline from
the Russian authorities perspective this
statement that's been released by the
Met Police from Yulia s cripple has a
few concerns now there's some key points
in this statement firstly she doesn't
want to be contacted by the media she
knows that she has the support of the
Russian embassy but she has asked and
said that she doesn't want their help at
the moment and she has also asked that
her cousin Victoria doesn't contact an
old visitor now we have heard from
Victoria publicly and she's rather
frustrated she attempted to get a
British visa and was denied it she
wanted to visit Julia I asked the UK and
you personally to reckon siddur the
decision to refuse my visa they are
scared that I will find out something
more that Yulia will tell me something
yes they tried to manipulate me not the
Kremlin mi5 at first I was happy that
Yulia called but it was clear that she
wasn't speaking her own words she was
being prompted you can't hear it in the
recording but at the start she was told
yes you can talk which means that she
was being guided now we've also heard
from the Russian embassy in London
they've issued a statement and they are
genuinely happy they say for the
recovery of Yulia but they are concerned
about a number of things fact that they
don't know her whereabouts they're also
worried about reports that she's been
offered an American ID and they're
concerned that she's been isolated from
the public once again we have to declare
that British authorities continue to
refuse to provide any verifiable
information about Julia's whereabouts
her health and wishes it is a vivid
proof of the policy of her isolation
from the public concealment of important
evidence and blocking an impartial and
independent investigation now Russia are
sticking to some points that they've
been talking about since the beginning
of this scandal they are asking for
access to the investigation which has
been continuously denied and they're
upset at the the definitive blaming of
Russia at this point in time
saying that phrases like highly likely
or no other possible explanation are not
evidence and should not be seen as the
definitive reason of Russia being used
as a blame for the attack on the
scribbles
