committees the judiciary and Commerce
science and transportation will come to
order
we welcome everyone today's hearing on
Facebook's social meet social media
privacy and the use and disk and abuse
of data although not unprecedented
this is a unique hearing the issues we
will consider range from data privacy
and security to consumer protection and
the Federal Trade Commission enforcement
touching on jurisdictions of these two
committees we have 44 members between
our two committees that may not seem
like a large group by Facebook standards
but it is significant here for a hearing
in the United States Senate we will do
our best to keep things moving
efficiently given our circumstances we
will begin with opening statements from
the Chairman and ranking members of each
committee starting with chairman tun and
then proceed with mr. Zuckerberg
opening statement we will then move on
to questioning each member will have
five minutes to question witnesses I'd
like to remind the members of both
committees that time limits will be and
must be strictly enforced given the
numbers that we have here today if
you're over your time Chairman Thune and
I will make sure to let you know there
will not be a second round as well of
course there will be the usual follow-up
written questions for the record
questioning will alternate between
majority and minority and between
committees we will proceed in order
based on respective committee seniority
we will anticipate a couple short breaks
later in the afternoon and so it's my
pleasure to recognize the chairman of
the comm
Committee Chairman Thune for his opening
statement
Thank You chairman Grassley today's
hearing is extraordinary it's
extraordinary to hold a joint committee
hearing it's even more extraordinary to
have a single CEO testify before nearly
half of the United States Senate but
then Facebook is pretty extraordinary
more than 2 billion people use Facebook
every month 1.4 billion people use it
every day more than the population of
any country on earth except China in
more than four times the population of
the United States it's also more than
1,500 times the population of my home
state of South Dakota plus roughly 45
percent of American adults report
getting at least some of their news from
Facebook in many respects Facebook's
incredible reach is why we're here today
we're here because of what you mr.
Zuckerberg have described as a breach of
trust a quiz app used by approximately
300,000 people led to information about
87 million Facebook users being obtained
by the company Cambridge analytical
there are plenty of questions about the
behavior of Cambridge analytic and we
expect to hold a future hearing on Kay
branch and symbol and similar firms but
as you said this is not likely to be an
isolated incident a fact demonstrated by
Facebook suspension of another firm just
this past weekend you've promised that
when Facebook discovers other apps that
had access to large amounts of user data
you will be banned them and tell those
affected and that's appropriate but it's
unlikely to be enough for the two
billion Facebook users one reason that
so many people are worried about this
incident is what it says about how
Facebook works the idea that for every
person who decided to try an app
information about nearly 300 other
people was straight from your services
to put it mildly disturbing and the fact
that those 87 million people may have
technically consented to making their
data available does
make most people feel any better the
recent revelation that malicious actors
were able to utilize Facebook's default
privacy settings to match email
addresses and phone numbers found on the
so-called dark web to public Facebook
profiles potentially affecting all
Facebook users only adds fuel to the
fire what binds these two incidents is
that they don't appear to be caused
intends to take and intends to take the
actions Facebook is taking to ensure
that third parties don't obtain data
from unsuspecting users while necessary
will actually serve to enhance
Facebook's own ability to market such
data exclusively most of us understand
that whether you're using Facebook or
Google or some other online services we
are trading certain information about
ourselves for free or low-cost services
but for this model to persist both sides
of the bargain need to know the stakes
that are involved right now I'm not
convinced that Facebook's users have the
information that they need to make
meaningful choices in the past many of
my colleagues on both sides the aisle
have been willing to defer to tech
company's efforts to regulate themselves
but this may be changing just last month
in overwhelming bipartisan fashion
Congress voted to make it easier for
prosecutors and victims to go after
websites that knowingly facilitate sex
trafficking there should be a wake-up
call for the tech community we want to
hear more without delay about what
Facebook and other company planned to do
to take greater responsibility for what
happens on their platforms how will you
protect users data
how will you inform users about the
changes that you are making and how do
you intend to proactively stop harmful
conduct instead of being forced to
respond to at months or years later mr.
Zuckerberg in many ways you and the
company that you've created the story
that you created represent the American
dream many are incredibly inspired by
what you've done
at the same time you have an upland it's
up to you to ensure that that dream
doesn't become a privacy nightmare for
the scores of people who use Facebook
this hearing is an opportunity to speak
to those who believe in Facebook and to
those who are deeply skeptical about it
we are listening America is listening
and quite possibly the world is
listening to thank you now ranking
member Feinstein thank you very much mr.
chairman chairman Grassley chairman
Thune thank you both for holding this
hearing mr. Zuckerberg thank you for
being here
you have a real opportunity to hit this
afternoon to lead the industry and
demonstrate a meaningful commitment to
protecting individual privacy we have
learned over the past few months and
we've learned a great deal that's learnt
that's alarming we've seen how foreign
actors are abusing social media
platforms like Facebook to interfere in
elections and take millions of Americans
personal information without their
knowledge in order to manipulate public
opinion and target individual voters
specifically on February the 16th
special counsel Muller issued an
indictment against the Russia based
internet internet research agency and 13
of its employees for interfering
operations targeting targeting the
United States through this 37 page
indictment we learn that the IRA ran a
coordinated campaign through 470
Facebook accounts and pages the campaign
included ads and false information to
create discord and harm secretary
Clinton's campaign and the content was
seen by an estimated 157 million
Americans a month later on March 17th
news bro
that Cambridge analytic exploited the
personal information of approximately 50
million Facebook users without their
knowledge or permission and last week we
learned that number was even higher 87
million Facebook users who had their
private information taken without their
consent specifically using a personality
quiz he created professor Cogan
collected the personal information of
three hundred thousand Facebook users
and then collected data on millions of
their friends
it appears the information collected
included everything these individuals
had on their Facebook pages and
according to some reports even included
private direct messages between users
professor Cogan is said to have taken
data from over 70 million Americans it
has also been reported that he sold this
data to Cambridge analytic for eight
hundred thousand dollars Cambridge
analytical then took this data and
created a psychological welfare tool to
influence United States elections in
fact the CEO Alexander Knicks declared
that Cambridge analytic I ran all the
digital campaign the television campaign
and it's data informed all the strategy
for the Trump campaign the reporting has
also speculated that Cambridge analytic
worked with the internet research agency
to help Russia identify which American
voters to target which it's profit with
its propaganda I'm concerned that press
reports indicate Facebook learned about
this breach in 2015 but appears not to
have taken significant steps to address
it until this year so this hearing is
important and I appreciate the
conversation we had yesterday and I
believe
that Facebook through your presence here
today and the words you're about to tell
us will indicate how strongly your
industry will regulate and/or reform the
platforms that they control I believe
this is extraordinarily important you
lead a big company with 27,000 employees
and we very much look forward to your
comments Thank You mr. chairman
Thank You senator Feinstein the history
and growth of Facebook mirrors that of
many of our technological giants founded
by a mr. Zuckerberg in 2004 Facebook has
exploded over the past 14 years
Facebook currently has over 2 billion
monthly active users across the world
over 25,000 employees and offices in 13
US cities and various other countries
like their expanding user base the data
collected on Facebook users has also
skyrocketed they have moved on from
schools likes and relationship statuses
today Facebook has access to dozens of
data points ranging from heads that
you've clicked on event you've attended
and your location based upon your mobile
device it is no secret that Facebook
makes money off this data through
advertising revenue although many seem
confused by or all I get altogether
unaware of this fact Facebook generates
generated 40 billion in revenue in 2017
with about 98% coming from advertising
across Facebook and Instagram
significant data collection is also
occurring at Google Twitter Apple and
Amazon and even an ever-expanding
portfolio of products and services
offered by these
please grant endless opportunities to
collect increasing amounts of
information on their customers as we get
more free or extremely low-cost services
the trade off for the American consumer
is to provide more personal data the
potential for further growth and
innovation based on collection of data
is unlimited less however the potential
for abuse is also significant while the
Condors of the Cambridge analytic
situation are still coming to light
there was clearly a breach of consumer
trust and a likely improper transfer of
data the Judiciary Committee will hold a
separate hearing exploring Cambridge and
other data privacy issues more
importantly though these events have
ignited a larger discussion on consumers
expectations and the future of data
privacy in our society it is exposed
that consumers may not fully understand
or appreciate the extent to which their
data is collected protected transferred
used and misused data has been used in
advertising and political campaigns for
decades the amount and type of data
obtained however has seen a very
dramatic change campaigns including
Presidents Bush Obama and Trump or use
these increasing amounts of data to
focus on micro targeting and
personalization over numerous social
media platforms and especially Facebook
in fact President Obama's campaign
developed an apt utilizing the same
Facebook feature as Cambridge and
Lathika to capture the information of
not just the apps users but millions of
their friends the digital director for
that campaign for to 2012 described
the data is scraping apt as something
that would quote wind up being the most
groundbreaking piece of technology
developed for this campaign and the hope
so the effectiveness of these social
media tactics can be debated but their
use over the past years across the
political spectrum and their increased
significance cannot be ignored our
policy towards data privacy and security
must keep pace with these changes data
privacy should be tethered to consumer
needs and expectations now at a minimum
consumers must have the transparency
necessary to make an informed decision
about whether to share their data and
how it can be used consumers ought to
have clearer information not opaque
policies and complex clicked through
consent pages the tech industry has an
obligation to respond to widespread and
growing concerns over data privacy and
security and to restore the public's
trust the status quo no longer works
moreover Congress must determine if and
how we need to strengthen privacy
standards to ensure transparency and
understanding for the billions of
consumers who utilize these products
Senator Nelson
Thank You mr. chairman mr. Zuckerberg
good afternoon let me just cut to the
chase if you and other social media
companies do not get your act in order
none of us are going to have any privacy
anymore that's what we're facing we're
talking about personally identifiable
information that if not kept by the
social media companies from theft a
value that we have in America being our
personal privacy we won't have it
anymore
it's the advent of technology and of
course all of us are part of it from the
moment that we wake up in the morning
until we go to bed we're on those
handheld tablets and online companies
like Facebook are tracking our
activities and collecting information
Facebook has a responsibility to protect
this personal information we had a good
discussion yesterday we went over all of
this you told me that the company had
failed to do so it's not the first time
that Facebook has mishandled its users
information
the FTC found that Facebook's privacy
policies had deceived users in the past
and in the present case we recognize
that Cambridge analytic and an app
developer lied to consumers and lied to
you lied to Facebook but did Facebook
watch over the operations we want to
know that and why didn't Facebook notify
87 million users that their
personally-identifiable information had
been taken and it was being also used
why were they not informed for
unauthorized political purposes so only
now and I appreciate our conversation
only now Facebook has pledged to inform
those consumers whose accounts were
compromised I think you're genuine I got
that sense in kind of conversing with
you you want to do the right thing you
want to enact reforms we want to know if
it's going to be enough
and I hope that will be in the answers
today now since we still don't know what
Cambridge analytic I has done with this
data
you heard chairman foon say as we have
discussed we want to Hall Cambridge
analytic in to answer these questions at
a separate hearing I want to thank
chairman foon for working with all of us
on scheduling a hearing there's
obviously a great deal of interest in
this subject I hope we can get to the
bottom of this and if Facebook and other
online companies will not or cannot fix
the privacy invasions then we are going
to have to we the Congress how can
American consumers trust folks like your
company to be caretakers of their most
personal and identifiable information
and that's the question thank you thank
you my colleagues and Senator Nelson our
witness today is Mark Zuckerberg founder
chairman chief executive officer of
Facebook
mr. Zuckerberg launched Facebook
February 4th 2004 at the age of 19 and
at that time he was a student at Harvard
University as I mentioned previously his
company now has over 40 billion of
annual revenue and over 2 billion
monthly active users mr. Zuckerberg
along with his wife also established the
Chan Zuckerberg initiative to further
philanthropic off causes I now turn to
you welcome to the committee and
whatever your statement is orly if you
have a longer one it'll be included in
the record so proceed sir chairman
Grassley chairman Thune
ranking member Feinstein and ranking
member Nelson and members of the
committee we face a number of important
issues around privacy safety and
democracy and you will rightfully have
some hard questions for me to answer
before I talk about the steps we're
taking to address them I want to talk
about how we got here
Facebook is an idealistic and optimistic
company for most of our existence we
focused on all the good that connecting
people can do and as Facebook has grown
people everywhere have gotten a powerful
new tool for staying connected to the
people they love for making their voices
heard and for building communities and
businesses just recently we've seen the
me2 movement and the March for our lives
organized at least in part on facebook
after hurricane Harvey people came
together to raise more than 20 million
dollars for relief and more than 70
million biz small businesses use
Facebook to create jobs and grow but
it's clear now that we didn't do enough
to prevent these tools from being used
for harm as well and that goes for fake
news for foreign interference and
elections and hate speech as well as
developers and data privacy we didn't
take a broad enough view of our
responsibility and that was a big
mistake and it was my mistake and I'm
sorry I started Facebook I run it and
I'm responsible for what happens here so
now we have to go through our all of our
relationship with people and make sure
that we're taking a broad enough view of
our responsibilities it's not enough to
just connect people we have to make sure
that those connections are positive it's
not enough to just give people a voice
we need to make sure that people aren't
using it to harm other people or to
spread misinformation and it's not
enough to just give people control over
their information we need to make sure
that the developers they share it with
protect their information - across the
board we have a responsibility to not
just build tools but to make sure that
they're used for good it will take some
time to work through all the changes we
need to make across the company
but I'm committed to getting this right
this includes the basic responsibility
of protecting people's information which
we failed to do with Cambridge analytic
so here are a few things that we are
doing to address this and to prevent it
from happening again first we're getting
to the bottom of exactly what Cambridge
analodjica did and telling everyone
affected what we know now is that
Cambridge analodjica improperly accessed
some information about millions of
Facebook members by buying it from an
app developer that information this was
information that people generally share
publicly on their Facebook pages like
names and their profile picture and the
pages they follow when we first
contacted Cambridge analytic they told
us that they had deleted the data about
a month ago we heard new reports that
suggested that wasn't true and now we're
working with governments in the u.s. the
UK and around the world to do a full
audit of what they've done and to make
sure they get rid of any data they may
still have second to make sure no other
app developers out there are misusing
data we're now investigating every
single app that had access to a large
amount of information in the past and if
we find that someone improperly used
data we're gonna ban them from Facebook
and tell everyone affected third to
prevent this from ever happening again
going forward we're making sure that
developers can access as much
information now the good news here is
that we already made big changes to our
platform in 2014 that would have
prevented this specific situation from
came with Cambridge analytic from
occurring again today but there's more
to do and you can find more details on
the steps we're taking in my written
statement my top priority has always
been our social mission of connecting
people building community and bringing
the world closer together advertisers
and developers will never take priority
over that as long as I am running
Facebook I've started Facebook when I
was in college we've come a long way
since then we now serve more than 2
billion people around the
world and everyday people use our
services to stay connected with the
people that matter to them most I
believe deeply in what we're doing and I
know that when we address these
challenges we'll look back and view
helping people connect and giving more
people a voice as a positive force in
the world I realized the issues we're
talking about today aren't just issues
for Facebook in our community they're
issues and challenges for all of us as
Americans thank you for having me here
today and I'm ready to take your
questions I'll remind members that maybe
you weren't here when I had my opening
comments that we are operating under the
five year the five minute rule and that
applies to the five minute rule and that
applies to those of us who are chairing
the committee as well I start with you
Facebook handles extensive amounts of
personal data for billions of users a
signal significant amount of that data
is shared with third-party developers
who eautiful utilize your platform as of
this early this year you did not
actively monitor whether that data was
transferred by such developers to other
parties moreover your policies only
prohibit transfers by developers to
parties seeking to profit from such data
number one
besides professor Cogan's transfer and
now potentially cube you do you know of
any instances where user data was
improperly transferred to third party in
breach of Facebook's terms if so how
many times does that happen and was
Facebook only made aware of that
transfer by some third party mr.
chairman thank you as I mentioned we're
now conducting a full investigation into
every single app that had a access to a
large amount of information before we
lock down platform to prevent developers
from accessing this information around
2014 we believe that we're going to be
investigating many apps tens of
thousands of apps and if we find any
suspicious activity we're going to
conduct a full audit of those apps to
understand how they're using their data
and if they're doing anything improper
if we find that they're doing anything
improper we'll ban them from Facebook
and we will tell everyone affected as
for past activity I don't have all the
examples of apps that we've banned here
but if you'd like I can have my team
follow up with you after this hmm have
you ever required an audit to ensure the
deletion of improperly transferred data
and if so how many times mr. chairman
yes we have I don't have the exact
figure on how many times we have but
overall the way we've enforced our
platform policies in the past is we have
looked at patterns of how apps have have
used our api's and accessed information
as well as looked into reports that
people have made tests about apps that
might be doing sketchy things going
forward we're going to take a more
proactive position on this and and do
much more regular spot checks and other
reviews of apps as well as increasing
the amount of audits that we do and
again I can make sure that our team
follows up with you on anything about
the specific past stats that would be
interesting I was going to assume that
sitting here today you have no idea and
if I'm wrong on that you're able you're
telling me I think that you're able to
supply those figures to us as Lee says
of this point mr. chairman I will have
my team follow up with you on what
information we have okay but right now
you have no certainty of whether or not
how much of that's going on right okay
Facebook collects massive amounts of
data from consumers including content
networks contact lists device
information location and information
from third parties yet your data policy
is only a few pages long and provides
consumers with only a few examples of
what is collected and how it might be
used the examples given emphasize benign
uses such as connecting with friends but
your policy does not give any indication
for more controversial issues of such
data my question why doesn't facebook
disclosed to a choosers all the ways the
data might be used by Facebook and other
third parties and what is Facebook's
responsibility to inform users about
that information mr. chairman I believe
it's important to tell people exactly
how the information that they share on
Facebook is going to be used that's why
every single time you go to share
something on Facebook whether it's a
photo and Facebook or a message and a
messenger or whatsapp every single time
there's a control right there about who
you're gonna be sharing it with whether
it's your friends or public or a
specific group and you can you can
change that and control that in line to
your broader point about the privacy
policy this gets into an issue that I
think we and others in the tech industry
have found challenging which is that
long privacy policies are very confusing
and if you make it long and spell out
all the detail then you're probably
going to reduce the percent of people
who read it and make it accessible to
them so one of the things that that
we've struggled with over time is to
make something that is as simple as
possible so people can understand it as
well as giving them controls in line in
the product in the context of when
they're trying to actually use them
taking into account that we don't expect
that most people will want to go through
and read a full legal document
senator Nelson Thank You mr. chairman
yesterday when we talked I gave the
relatively harmless example that I'm
communicating with my friends on
Facebook and indicate that I loved a
certain kind of chocolate and all of a
sudden I start receiving advertisements
for chocolate what if I don't want to
receive those commercial advertisements
so you're chief operating officer Ms
Sandberg suggested on the
NBC Today Show that Facebook users who
do not want their personal information
used for advertising might have to pay
for that protection pay for are you
actually considering having facebook
users pay for you not to use that
information
senator people have a control over how
their information is used in ads in the
product today so if you want to have an
experience where your ads aren't you
aren't targeted using all the
information that we have available you
can turn off third-party information
what we found is that even though some
people don't like ads people really
don't like ads that aren't relevant and
while there is some discomfort for sure
with using information and making ads
more relevant the overwhelming feedback
that we get from our community is that
people would rather have us show
relevant content there than not so we
offer this control that they are
referencing some people use it it's not
the majority of people on Facebook and
and I think that that's that's a good
level of control to offer I think what
Cheryl was saying was that in order to
not run ads at all we would still need
some sort of business model and that is
your business model so I take it that
and I use the harmless example of
chocolate but if it got into more
personal thing communicating with
friends and I want to cut it off I'm
gonna have to pay you in order not to
send me using my personal information
something that I don't want that in
essence is what I understood Ms Sandberg
to say is that correct yes senator
although to be clear we don't offer an
option today for people to pay to not
show ads we think offering an
ad-supported service is the most aligned
with our mission of trying to help
connect everyone in the world
because we want to offer a free service
that everyone can afford okay that's the
only way that we can reach billions of
people so therefore you consider my
personally identifiable data the
company's data not my data is that it no
senator
actually at the first line of our Terms
of Service say that you control and
owned the information and content that
you put on Facebook well the recent
scandal is obviously frustrating not
only because it affected 87 million but
because it seems to be part of a pattern
of lacks data practices by the company
going back years so back in 2011 it was
a settlement with the FTC and now we
discover yet another incidence where the
data was failed to be protected when you
discovered the Cambridge analytical that
had fraud insane Dahl of this
information why didn't you inform those
87 million when we learned in 2015 that
Cambridge analytic I had bought data
from an app developer on Facebook that
people had shared it with we did take
action we took down the app and we
demanded that both the app developer and
Cambridge analytic a delete and stop
using any data that they had they told
us that they did this in retrospect it
was clearly a mistake to believe them
and you should have followed up and done
a full audit then and that is not a
mistake that we will make yes you did
that and you apologize for but you
didn't notify them and do you think that
you have an ethical obligation to notify
87 million Facebook users senator when
we heard back from Cambridge analytical
that they had told us that they weren't
using the data and had deleted it we
considered it a closed case in
retrospect that was clearly a mistake we
shouldn't have taken their word
for it and we've updated our policies
and how we're going to operate the
company to make sure that we don't make
that mistake again
did anybody notify the FTC no senator
for the same reason that we'd considered
it a closed closed case senator Thune
and mr. Zuckerberg would you that do
that differently today presumably in
response to Senator Nelson's question
yes having to do it over this may be
your first appearance before Congress
but it's not the first time that
Facebook has faced tough questions about
its privacy policies Wired magazine
recently noted that you have a 14 year
history of apologizing for ill-advised
decisions regarding user privacy not
unlike the one that you've made just now
in your opening statement after more
than a decade of promises to do better
how is today's apology different and why
should we trust Facebook to make the
necessary changes to ensure user privacy
and give people a clearer picture of
your privacy policies Thank You mr.
chairman so we have made a lot of
mistakes in running the company I think
it's it's pretty much impossible I
believe to start a company in your dorm
room and then grow it to be at the scale
that we're at now without making some
mistakes and because our service is
about helping people connect and
information those mistakes have been
different and and how they we try not to
make the same mistake multiple times but
in general a lot of the mistakes are
around how people connect to each other
just because of the nature of the
service overall I would say that we're
going through a broader philosophical
shift in how we approach our
responsibility as a company for the
first 10 or 12 years of the company I
viewed our responsibility as primarily
building tools that if we could put
those tools in people's hands then that
would empower people to do good things
what I think we've learned now across a
number of issues not just data privacy
but also fake news and foreign
interference and elections is that we
need to take a more proactive role and a
broader view of our responsibility it's
not enough to just build tools we need
to make sure that they're used for good
and that means that we need to now take
a more active
view in policing the ecosystem and in
watching and kind of looking out and
making sure that all of the members in
our community are using these tools in a
way that's gonna be good and healthy so
at the end of the day this is going to
be something where people will measure
us by our results on this it's not that
I expect that anything I say here today
to to necessarily change people's view
but I'm committed to getting this right
and I believe that over the coming years
once we fully work all these solutions
through people will see real real
differences yeah well and I'm glad that
you all have gotten that message as we
discussed in my office yesterday the
line between legitimate political
discourse and hate speech can sometimes
be hard to identify and especially when
you're relying on artificial
intelligence and other technologies for
the initial discovery can you discuss
what steps that Facebook currently takes
when making these evaluations the
challenges that you face and any
examples of where you may draw the line
between what is and what is not
hate speech yes mr. chairman I'll speak
to hate speech and then I'll talk about
enforcing our content policies more
broadly so actually maybe if you're okay
with it I'll go in the other order so
from the beginning of the company in
2004 I started in my dorm room it was me
and my roommate we didn't have AI
technology that could look at the
content that people were sharing so so
we basically had to enforce our content
policies reactively people could share
what they wanted and and then if someone
in the community found it to be
offensive or against our policies they'd
flag it for us and we'd look at it
reactively now increasingly we are
developing AI tools that can identify
certain classes of bad activity
proactively and flag it for our team at
Facebook by the end of this year by the
way we're gonna have more than 20,000
people working on security and content
review working across all these things
so when when content gets flagged to us
we have those those people look at it
and if it violates our policies then we
take it down some
problems lend themselves more easily to
AI solutions than others so hate speech
is one of the hardest because
determining if something is hate speech
is very linguistically nuanced right
it's you need to understand you know
what is a slur and what whether
something is hateful and not just in
English but the majority of people on
Facebook use it in languages that are
different across the world can trust
that for example with an area like
finding terrorist propaganda which we've
actually been very successful at
deploying AI tools on already today as
we sit here 99% of the Isis and al-qaeda
content that we take down on Facebook
are AI systems flagged before any human
sees it so that's a success in terms of
rolling out AI tools that can that can
proactively police and enforce safety
across the community hate speech I am
optimistic that over a five to ten year
period we will have AI tools that can
get into some of the nuances the
linguistic nuances of different types of
content to be more accurate and flagging
things for our systems but today we're
just not there on that so a lot of this
is still reactive people flag it to us
we we have people look at it we have
policies to try to make it as not
subjective as possible but until we get
it more automated there's a higher error
rate than I'm happy with thank you
senator Feinstein thanks mr. chairman
mr. Zuckerberg what is Facebook doing to
prevent foreign actors from interfering
in US elections Thank You senator this
is one of my top priorities in 2018 I
was to get this right I one of my
greatest regrets in running the company
is that we were slow in identifying the
Russian information operations in 2016
we expected them to do a number of more
traditional cyber attacks which we did
identify and notify the campaign's that
they were trying to hack into them but
we were slowed identifying the type of
new information operations when did you
identify new operations it was right
around the time of the 2016 election
itself so since then we
20:18 is an incredibly important year
for elections not just in with the u.s.
midterms but around the world there are
important elections in India in Brazil
and Mexico and Pakistan and and Hungary
that we want to make sure that we do
everything we can to protect the
integrity of those elections now I have
more confidence that we're gonna get
this right because since the 2016
election there have been several
important elections around the world
where we've had a better record there's
the French presidential election
there's the German election there was
the US Senate Alabama special election
last year explain what is better about
the record so we've deployed new AI
tools that do a better job of
identifying fake accounts that may be
trying to interfere in elections or
spread misinformation and between those
three elections we were able to
proactively remove tens of thousands of
accounts that before they they could
contribute significant harm and the
nature of these attacks though is that
you know there are people in Russia
whose job it is is to try to exploit our
systems and other internet systems and
other systems as well so this is an arms
race I mean they're gonna keep on
getting better at this and we need to
invest in keeping on getting better at
this too which is why one of the things
I mentioned before is we're gonna have
more than 20,000 people by the end of
this year working on security and
content review across the company speak
for a moment about automated bot that
spread disinformation what are you doing
to punish those who exploit your
platform in that regard well you're not
allowed to have a fake account on
Facebook your content has to be
authentic so we build technical tools to
try to identify when people are creating
fake accounts especially large networks
that fake accounts like the Russians
have in order to remove all of that
content after the 2016 election our top
priority was protecting the integrity of
other elections around the world but at
the same time we had a parallel effort
to trace back to Russia the IRA activity
the internet research agency activity
that was the part of the Russian
government that that did this activity
in 2016 and just last week we were able
to
determine that a number of Russian media
organizations that were sanctioned by
the Russian regulator were operated and
controlled by this internet research
agency so we took the step last week
there was a pretty big step for us of
taking down sanctioned news
organizations in Russia as part of an
operation to remove 270 fake accounts
and pages part of their broader network
in Russia that was that was actually not
targeting international interference as
much as I'm sorry let me correct that it
was primarily targeting spreading
misinformation in Russia itself as well
as certain russian-speaking neighboring
countries how many accounts of this type
have you taken down across in the IRA
specifically the ones that we've pegged
back to the IRA we can identify the 470
in the American elections and the 270
that we specifically went after in
Russia last week there are many others
that our systems catch which are more
difficult to attribute specifically to
Russian intelligence but the number
would be in the tens of thousands of
fake accounts that we remove and I'm
happy to have my team follow up with you
on more information if that would be
helpful would you please I think this is
very important if you knew in 2015 that
Cambridge analytic was using the
information of Professor Kogan's why
didn't Facebook ban Cambridge in 2015
why'd you wait senator that's a great
question
Cambridge analytical wasn't using our
services in 2015 as far as we can tell
so this is this is clearly one of the
questions that I asked our team as soon
as I learned about this is why did we
wait until we found out about the
reports last month to to ban them um
it's because as of the time that we
learned about their activity in 2015
they weren't an advertiser they weren't
running pages so we actually had nothing
to ban thank you thank you mr. chairman
thank you senator Feinstein now senator
hatch
this is the most intense public scrutiny
I've seen for a tech related hearing
since the Microsoft hearing that that
I'd shared back in the late 1990s the
recent stories about Cambridge analytic
and data mining on social media have
raised serious concerns about consumer
privacy and naturally I know you
understand that at the same time these
stories touch on the very foundation of
the Internet economy and the way the
websites that drive our internet economy
make money some would profess themselves
shocked shocked that companies like
Facebook and Google share you user data
with advertisers did any of these
individuals ever stop to ask themselves
why Facebook and Google did don't change
a don't charge for access nothing in
life is free everything involves
trade-offs if you want something without
having to pay money for it you're gonna
have to pay for it in some other way it
seems to me and that's where what we're
seeing here and these great websites
that don't charge for access they
extract value in some other way and
there's nothing wrong with that as long
as they're upfront about what they're
doing in my mind the issue here is
transparency its consumer choice do
users understand what they're doing to
to when they access a website or agree
to Terms of Service our websites upfront
about how they extract value from users
or do they hide the ball the consumers
have the information they need to make
an informed choice regarding whether or
not to visit a particular website to
mine to my mind these are questions that
we should ask or be focusing on now mr.
Zuckerberg I remember well your first
visit to Capitol Hill back in 2010 you
spoke to the Senate Republican high tech
taskforce which I chair you said back
then that Facebook would always be free
is that still your objective senator yes
there will always be a version of
Facebook that is free it is our mission
to try to help connect everyone around
the world and to bring the world closer
together in order to do that we believe
that we need to offer a service that
everyone can
Ford and we're committed to doing that
well if so how do you sustain a business
model in which users don't pay for your
service senator we run ads I see that's
great whenever a controversy like this
arises there's always a danger that
Congress's response will be to step in
and over regulate now that's been the
experience that I've had in my 42 years
here in your view what sorts of
legislative changes would help to solve
the problems the Cambridge analytical
story has revealed and what sorts of
legislative changes would not help to
solve this issue senator I think that
there are a few categories of
legislation that that makes sense to
consider around privacy specifically
there are a few principles that I think
it would be useful to discuss and and
potentially codify into law one is
around having a simple and practical set
of ways that you explain what you're
doing with data and we talked a little
bit earlier around the complexity of
laying out these this long privacy
policy it's hard to say that people you
know fully understand something when
it's only written out in the long legal
document this need the stuff needs to be
implemented in a way where people can
actually understand it where consumers
can can understand it
but that can also capture all the
nuances of how these services work in a
way that does it that's not overly
restrictive on on providing the services
that's one the second is around giving
people complete control this is the most
important principle for facebook every
piece of content that you share on
Facebook you own and you have complete
control over who sees it and and how you
share it and you can remove it at any
time that's why every day about a
hundred billion times a day people come
to one of our services and either post a
photo or send a message to someone
because they know that they have that
control and that who they say it's going
to go to is going to be who sees the
content and I think that that control is
something that's important that I think
should apply to to every service and
go ahead the third point is is just
around enabling innovation because some
of these use cases that that are very
sensitive like face recognition for
example and I think there's a balance
that's extremely important to strike
here where you obtain special consent
for sensitive features like face
recognition but don't but we still need
to make it so that American companies
can innovate in those areas or else
we're going to fall behind Chinese
competitors and others around the world
who have different regimes for for
different new features like that senator
Cantwell Thank You mr. chairman welcome
mr. Zuckerberg do you know who Palantir
is I do some people have referred to
them as a Stanford analytic I do you
agree senator I have not heard that okay
do you think Palantir taught Cambridge
analytic as press reports are saying how
to do these tactics senator I don't know
do you think that Palantir has ever
scraped data from facebook senator I'm
not aware of that okay do you think that
during the 2016 campaign as Cambridge
analytical was providing support to the
Trump campaign under project Alamo were
there any Facebook people involved in
that sharing of technique and
information senator we provided support
to the Trump campaign similar to what we
provide to any advertiser or campaign
who who asked for it so that was a yes
is that a yes senator can you repeat the
specific question I just want to make
sure I I guess specifically we were
asking during the 2016 campaign
Cambridge analytic I worked with the
Trump campaign to refine tactics and
were Facebook employees involved in that
senator I don't know that our employees
were involved with Cambridge
although I know that we did help out
with the Trump campaign overall and
sales support in the same way that we do
with other campaigns so they may have
been involved in all working together
during that time period maybe that's
something your investigation will find
out Senator Mike I can certainly have my
team get back to you on any specifics
there that I don't know sitting here
today have you heard of Total
Information Awareness you know I'm
talking about no I do not okay
Total Information Awareness was 2003
John Ashcroft and others trying to do
similar things to what I think is behind
all of this
geopolitical forces trying to get data
and information to influence a process
so when I look at Palantir and what
they're doing and I look at whatsapp
which is another acquisition and I look
at where you are from the 2011 consent
decree and where you are today I'm
thinking is this guy out foxing the
Foxes or is he going along with what is
a major trend in an Information Age to
try to harvest information for political
forces and so my question to you is do
you see that those applications that
those companies Palantir and even
whatsapp are going to fall into the same
situation that you've just fallen into
over the last several years senator I'm
not I'm not sure specifically overall I
do think that these issues around
information access are challenging to
the specifics about those apps I'm not
really that familiar with what Pollan
tier does whatsapp collects very little
information and I think is less likely
to have the kind of issues because of
the way that the service is architected
but certainly I think that these are
broad issues across the tech industry
well I guess given the track record of
where Facebook is and why you're here
today
I guess people would say that they
didn't act boldly enough and the fact
that
people like John Bolton basically was an
investor and New York Times article
earlier I guess it was actually last
month that the Bolton pack was obsessed
with how America was becoming limp
wristed and spineless and it wanted
research and messaging for national
security issues so the fact that you
know there are a lot of people who are
interested in this larger effort and
what I think my constituents want to
know is was this discussed at your board
meetings and what are the applications
and interests that are being discussed
without putting real teeth into this we
don't want to come back to this
situation again I believe you have all
the talent my question is whether you
have all the will to help us solve this
problem yes senator so data privacy and
foreign interference and elections are
certainly topics that we have discussed
at the board meeting these are some of
the biggest issues that the company has
faced and we feel a huge responsibility
to get these right do you believe the
European regulations should be applied
here in the US senator I think everyone
in the world deserves good privacy
protection and regardless of whether we
implement the exact same regulation I
would guess that it would be somewhat
different because we have somewhat
different sensibilities in the US as
other countries we're committed to
rolling out the controls and the
affirmative consent and the special
controls around sensitive types of
technology like face recognition that
are required in GDP are we're doing that
around the world so I think it's
certainly worth discussing whether we
should have something similar in the US
but what I would like to say today is
that we're going to go forward and
implement that regardless of what the
regulatory outcome is senator wicker
senator Thune will chair next Thank You
mr. chairman and mr. Zuckerberg thank
you for being with us Mike
is going to be sort of a follow up on
what senator Hatch was talking about and
let me agree with basically his his
advice that we don't want to over
regulate to the point to the point where
we're stifling innovation and investment
I understand with regard to suggested
rules or suggested legislation there are
at least two schools of thought out
there one would be the ISPs the inner
Internet service providers who were
advocating for privacy protections for
consumers that apply to all online
entities equally across the entire
internet ecosystem now Facebook is an
edge provider on the other hand it's my
understanding that many edge providers
such as Facebook may not support that
effort because edge providers have
different business models than the ISPs
and should not be considered like
services so do you think we need
consistent privacy protections for
consumers across the entire internet
ecosystem that are based on the type of
consumer information being collected
used or shared regardless of the entity
doing the collecting or using or sharing
senator this is an important question I
would differentiate between ISPs which I
consider to be the pipes of the Internet
and the platforms like Facebook or
Google or Twitter YouTube that are the
apps or platforms on top of that I think
in general the expectations that people
have of the pipes are somewhat different
from the platforms so there might be
areas where there needs to be more
regulation and one and less than the
other but I think that it's there gonna
be other places where there needs to be
more regulation of the other type
specifically though on the pipes one of
the important issues that that I think
we face and have debated is when you say
pipes you mean ISPs the ISPs yeah when a
new net neutrality has been a hotly
debated topic
and one of the reasons why I have been
out there saying that I think that that
should be the case is because I look at
my own story of when I was getting
started building facebook at Harvard you
know I only had one option for an ISP to
use and if I had to pay extra in order
to make it so that my app could
potentially be seen or used by other
people then then we probably won't be
here today okay well will I'm but we're
talking about privacy concerns and and
let me just say we'll have to follow up
on this but I think you and I agree this
is going to be one of the major items of
debate if we have to go forward and do
this from a governmental standpoint let
me just move on to another couple of
items is it true that as was recently
publicized that Facebook collects the
call and text histories of its users
that use Android phones senator we have
an app called messenger for sending
messages to your Facebook friends and
that app offers people an option to sync
their their text messages into the
messaging app and to make it so that
absent basically so you could have one
app where it has both your texts and and
your Facebook messages in one place we
also allow people the option you've got
opt in or out of that yes it is opt out
it is opt-in you you have to affirmative
ly say that you want to sync that
information before we get accident less
unless you opt in they you don't collect
that call and text history that is
correct and is that true for is this
practice done at all with minors or do
you make an exception there for persons
aged 13 to 17 I do not know we can
follow up okay do that let's do that one
other thing there have been reports that
Facebook can track a user's internet
browsing activity even after that user
has logged off of the Facebook platform
can you confirm whether or not this is
true senator I want to make sure I get
this accurate so it would probably be
better to have my team
follow up it you don't know it's I know
that people use cookies on the internet
and that you can probably correlate
activity between between sessions we do
that for a number of reasons including
security and including measuring ads to
make sure the ad experiences are the
most effective which of course people
can opt out of but I want to make sure
that I'm precise in my answer so when
you get back to me sir would you also
let us know how Facebook's discloses to
its users that engaging in this type of
tracking gives us that result yes and
thank you very much thank you senator
wicker senator Leahy's up next thank you
I assume Facebook's been served with
subpoenas for the special counselor's
office is that correct yes have you or
anyone at Facebook been interviewed by
the special counsel's office yes have
you been interviewed I have not I have
not
others have I believe so and I want to
be careful here because that our work
with the special counsel is confidential
and I want to make sure that in an open
session I'm not revealing something
confidential who's that that's what made
clear that you have been contacted you
have Peters actually let me clarify that
I I actually am not aware of a subpoena
I believe that there may be but I know
we're working with them thank you
six months ago your general counsel
promises you're taking steps to prevent
Facebook for serving we're out it's
called unwitting co-conspirator and
Russian interference but these these
unverified divisive pages are on
Facebook today they look a lot like the
Anonymous group to Russian agencies use
the spread propaganda during the 2016
election
are you able to confirm whether they're
Russian creative groups yes or no
senator are you asking about those
specifically yes a senator last week we
actually announced a major change to our
ads and pages policies that we will be
verifying the identity of every single
advertiser Pacific ones you know whether
they are I am not familiar with those
pieces of content specifically but if
you tried this policy of a week ago
you'd be able to verify them we are
working on that now
what we're doing is we're going to
verify the identity of any advertiser
who's running a political or issue
related ad this is basically what the
honest ads Act is proposing and we're
following that and we're also going to
do that for pages but you can open
throwing these I'm not familiar with
those specific pieces will you find out
the history and get back to me I'll have
my team get back to you I do think it's
worth adding though that we're going to
do the same verification of the identity
and location of admins who are running
large pages so that way even if they
aren't going to be buying ads in our
system that will make it significantly
harder for Russian interference efforts
or other inauthentic efforts somehow to
try to spread misinformation through the
network I'm surprised it's been going on
for some time some might say that's
about time you know six months ago I
asked you general counsel about
Facebook's role as a breeding ground for
hate speech against Rohingya refugees
recently UN investigators blamed
Facebook for playing a role in citing
possible genocide MMR and has been
genocide there now you say use a I to
find this this is the type of content
referring to it calls for the death of a
Muslim journalist and that threat went
straight through your detection systems
it spread very quickly and then it took
attempt after attempt after attempt
and the involvement of civil society
groups to get you to remove it
why couldn't be removed within 24 hours
senator what's happening in Myanmar is a
terrible tragedy and we need to do more
we all agree with that
okay but you and investigators have
blamed you blame Facebook for playing a
role their genocide we're all great
terrible
how can you dedicate him will you
dedicate the resources makes her sure
such hate speech is taken down within 24
hours yes we're working on this and
there are three specific things that
we're doing one is we're hiring dozens
of more Burmese language content
reviewers because hate speech is very
language specific it's hard to do it
without people who speak the local
language and we need to ramp up our
effort there dramatically second is
we're working with civil society in
Myanmar to identify specific hate
figures so we can take down their
accounts rather than specific pieces of
content and third is we're standing up a
product team to do specific product
changes in Myanmar and other countries
that may have similar issues in the
future to prevent this from from
happening senator Cruz and I sent a
letter to Apple what they're gonna do
about Chinese censorship great question
our place that'd be great thank you
Sarah ladies for the record I want to
know what you will do about Chinese
censorship when they come to you since
centigrams up next thank you are you
familiar with Andrew Bosworth yes
senator I am he said and so we connect
more people maybe someone dies in a
terrorist attack coordinated on our
tools the ugly truth is that we believe
in connecting people so deeply that
anything that allows us connect more
people more often is de facto good do
you agree with that no senator I do not
as context baz wrote that baz is what we
call him internally he wrote that as an
internal note we have a lot of
discussion internally I disagreed with
it at the time that he wrote it if you
looked at the comments on the internal
discussion that yes or do people
internally did too that you did a poor
job as a CEO communicating your
displeasure with such thoughts because
if he had understood were you where you
were at he would never said it to begin
with
well senator we try to run our company
in a way where people can express
different opinions internally well this
is an opinion that really disturbs me
and if somebody worked for me that said
this I'd fire who's your biggest
competitor senator we have a lot of
competitors who's your biggest hmm I
think the categories of could you want
just one I'm not sure I can give one but
can I give a bunch mm-hmm so there are
three categories that I would focus on
one are the other tech platforms so
Google Apple Amazon Microsoft we overlap
with them in different ways they do do
they provide the same service you
provide in different ways differently
this way if I buy a Ford and it doesn't
work well and I don't like it I can buy
a Chevy if I'm upset with Facebook
what's the equivalent product that I can
go sign up for well there's the second
category that I was going to talk about
or some that categories I'm talking
about is a real competition you face
because car companies face a lot of
competition if they make a defective car
it gets out in the world people stop
buying that car there buy another one is
it an alternative to Facebook in the
private sector yes senator the average
American uses 8 different apps ok
communicate with their friends and stay
in touch with people I'm training from
texting apps to email service you
provide well we do provide a number of
differences clitter the same as what you
did it overlaps with a Porsche you don't
think you have a monopoly all right
certainly doesn't feel like that to me
ok
so it doesn't so Instagram you bought
Instagram party Dubai Instagram because
they were very talented app developers
who are making good use of our platform
and understood our values is a good fist
decision that point is that one way to
regulate a company is through
competition through government
regulation here's the question that all
of us got an answer what do we tell our
constituents given what's happened here
while we should let you self-regulate
what would you tell people in South
Carolina that given all the things we've
just discovered here it's a good idea
for us to rely upon you to regulate your
own business practices
well senator my position is not that
there should be no regulation I think
the internet is increasing in embrace
regulation I think the real question as
the Internet becomes more important in
people's lives is what is the right
regulation not whether there should be
you as a company
welcome regulation I think if it's the
right regulation that you think the
Europeans had it right I think that they
get things right have you ever submitted
that's true so would you work with us in
terms of what regulations you think are
necessary in your industry absolutely ok
would you submit this and proposed
regulations yes and I'll have my team
follow up with you so that way we can
have this discussion across the
different categories where I think that
this discussion needs to a look forward
to when you sign up for Facebook you
sign up for Terms of Service or you
familiar with that yes okay it says the
terms govern your use of Facebook and
the products features app services
technologies software we offer
Facebook's products or products except
where we expressly state that separate
terms and not these apply I'm a lawyer I
have no idea what that means
but when you look at Terms of Service
this is what you get
do you think the average consumer
understands what they're signing up for
I don't think that the average person
likely reads that whole document
there are different ways that we can
communicate that and have a
responsibility to do so you do you agree
with me that you better come up with
different ways because this ain't
working uh well senator I think in
certain areas that is true and I think
in other areas like the core part of
what we do or if you if you think about
just at the most basic level people come
to Facebook Instagram whatsapp messenger
about a hundred billion times a day to
share a piece of content or a message
with a specific set of people and I
think that that basic functionality
people understand because we have the
controls in line every time and given
the volume of the activity and the value
that people tell us that they're getting
from that I think that that control in
line does seem to be working fairly well
now we can always do better and there
are other services or complex and there
is more to it than just you know you go
and you post a photo so I I agree that
that in many places we could do better
but I think for the core of the service
it actually is quite clear Thank You
senator Graham senator Klobuchar Thank
You mr. chairman mr. Zuckerberg I think
we all agree that what happened here was
bad you acknowledged it was a breach of
trust and the way I explain it to my
constituents is that if someone breaks
into my apartment with the crowbar and
they take my stuff is just like if the
manager gave them the keys or if they
didn't have any locks on the doors it's
still a breach I'd still a break-in and
I believe we need to have laws and rules
that are sophisticated as the bill
brilliant products that you've developed
here and we just haven't done that yet
and one of the areas that I've focused
on is the election and I appreciate the
support that you and Facebook and now
Twitter actually have given to the
honest ads act a bill that you mentioned
that I'm leading with Senator McCain and
Senator Warner and I just want to be
clear as we work to pass this law so
that we have the same rules in place to
disclose political ads and issue ads as
we do for TV and radio as well as
disclaimers that you're going to take
early action as soon as June I heard
before this election so that people can
view these ads including issue ads is
that correct that is correct senator and
I just want to take a moment before I go
into this in more detail to thank you
for your leadership on this this I think
is an important area for the whole
industry to move on the two specific
things that we're doing are one is
around transparency so now you're going
to be able to go and click on any
advertiser or any page on Facebook and
see all of the ads that they're running
so that actually brings advertising
online on Facebook to an even higher
standard than what you would have on TV
or print media because there's nowhere
where you can see all of the TV ads that
someone is running for example whereas
you will be able to see now on Facebook
whether this campaign or third party is
saying different messages to different
types of people I know that's a really
important element of transparency and
the other really important piece is
around verifying every single advertiser
who's gonna be running political or
issue ads I appreciate that in Center
Warner and I have also called on Google
and the other platforms to do the same
so memo to the rest of you we have to
get this done or we're going to have a
patchwork of ads and I hope that you'll
be working with us to pass this belt is
that right we will okay thank you now on
the subject of Cambridge analytic were
these people the 87 million people users
concentrated in certain states are you
able to figure out where they're from I
do not have that information with me but
we can follow up with your office okay
because as we know that election was
close and it was only thousands of votes
in certain states you've also estimated
that roughly 126 people million people
may have been shown content from a
Facebook page associated with the
Internet research agency have you
determined when he whether any of those
people were the same Facebook users
whose data was shared with Cambridge
analytic ah are you able to make that
determination senator we're
investigating that now we believe that
it is entirely possible that there will
be a connection there okay that seems
like a big deal as we look back at that
last election former Cambridge analytic
I employee Christopher Wylie has said
that the data
that improperly obtained that Cambridge
analytic improperly obtained from
Facebook users could be stored in Russia
I do you agree that that's a possibility
sorry are you asking if Cambridge
general de cos dad data could be stored
in Russia that's what he said this
weekend on a Sunday show senator I don't
have any specific knowledge that would
suggest that but one of those steps that
we need to take now is go do a full
audit of all of Cambridge analytical
systems to understand what they're doing
whether they still have any data to make
sure they remove all the data if they
don't we're gonna take legal action
against them to do so that audit we have
temporarily seeded that in order to let
the UK government complete their
government investigation first because
of course the government investigation
takes precedence over a company doing
that but we are committed to completing
this full audit and getting to the
bottom of what's going on here so that
way we can have more answers to this
okay you earlier stated publicly and
here that you would support some privacy
rules so that everyone's playing by the
same rules here and you also said here
that you should have notified customers
earlier would you support a rule that
would require you to notify your users
of a breach within 72 hours
senator that makes sense to me and I
think we should have our team follow up
with with yours to discuss the details
around that more thank you I just think
part of this was when people don't even
know that their dad has been breached
that's a huge problem and I also think
we get to solutions faster when we get
that information out there
thank you and we look forward to passing
this bill we'd love to pass it before
the election on the Honest ads and
looking forward to better disclosure of
this election thank you thank you
senator Kohl Bashara senator blunt
something next I thank mr. chairman
mr. Berg nice to see you when I saw you
not too long after I entered the Senate
in 2011 I told you when I sent my
business cards down to be printed they
came back from the Senate print shop
with the message that was the first
business card they'd ever printed a
Facebook
address on there are days when I've
regretted that but more days when we get
lots of information that we need to get
there are days when I wonder if Facebook
friends is a little misstated that
doesn't seem like I have those every
single day but you know the the platform
you've created is really important on my
son Charlie who's 13 is dedicated to
Instagram so he'd want to be sure I
mentioned him while I was here with with
you
I haven't printed that on my card yet I
will will say that but I think we have
that account as well lots of ways to
connect people and the the information
obviously is an important commodity and
it's what makes your business work I get
that however I wonder about some of the
collection efforts and maybe we can go
through largely just even yes and no and
then we'll get back to more expense
expansive discussion of this but do you
collect user data through cross device
tracking senator I believe we do link
people's accounts between devices in
order to make sure that their Facebook
and Instagram and their other
experiences can be synced between their
devices and that would also include
offline data data that's tracking that's
not necessarily linked to Facebook but
linked one some device they went through
Facebook on is that right senator I want
to make sure we get this right so I want
to have my team follow up with you on
that afterwards well not that doesn't
seem that complicated to me now you
understand this better than I do but
maybe maybe you can explain to me why
that's that why that's complicated do
you track devices that an individual who
uses Facebook has that is connected to
the device that they use for their
Facebook connection but not necessarily
connected to Facebook I'm not I'm not
sure the answer to that question really
yes there there may be some data that is
necessary to provide the service that we
do but I don't I don't have that on
sitting here today so that's something
that I would want to fall
the FTC last year flagged cross-device
tracking as one of their concerns
generally that people are tracking
devices that the users of something like
Facebook don't know they're being
tracked how do you disclose your
collected collection methods is that all
in this document that I would see and
agree to before I entered into Facebook
yes senator so there there were two ways
that we do this one is we try to be
exhaustive in the legal documents around
the terms of service and privacy
policies but more importantly we try to
provide inline controls so that people
that are in plain English that people
can understand they can either go to
settings where we can show them at the
top of the app periodically is that
people understand all the controls and
settings they have and can can configure
their experience the way that they want
so the people people now give you
permission to track specific devices in
their contract and if they do is that a
relatively new addition to what you do
senator
sorry I don't have a my able to opt out
am i will say it's okay for you to track
what I'm saying on Facebook but I don't
want you to track what I'm texting to
somebody else off Facebook on an Android
oh okay
yes senator in in general Facebook is
not collecting data from other apps that
you use there are maybe some specific
things about the device that you're
using that Facebook needs to understand
in order to offer the service but if
you're using Google or you're using some
texting app unless you specifically
opted in that you want to share the
texting app information Facebook
wouldn't see that it has it always been
that way or that a recent addition to
how you deal with those other ways that
I might communicate senator my
understanding is that that is how the
mobile operating systems are architected
the so do you you don't have bundled
permissions for how I can agree to what
devices I may use that you may have
contact with did you have you bundle
that permission or am i able to wanted
it individually say of what I'm willing
for you to con to watch and what I don't
want you to watch and I think we may
have to take that for the record based
on everybody else this time Thank You
Senator blunt
next up Senator Durbin thank you very
much mr. chairman mr. Zuckerberg would
you be comfortable sharing with us the
name of the hotel you stayed in last
night know if you've messaged anybody
this week would you share with us the
names of the people you've messaged a
senator no I would probably not choose
to do that publicly here I think that
may be what this is all about your right
to privacy the limits of your right to
privacy and how much you give away in
modern America in the name of quote
connecting people around the world
question basically of what information
Facebook's collecting who they're
sending it to and whether they were
asked me in advance my permission to do
that is that a fair thing for a user of
Facebook to expect yes senator I think
everyone should have control over how
their information is used and as we've
talked about in some of the other
questions I think that that is laid out
in in some of the documents but more
importantly you want to give people
control in the product itself so the
most important way that this happens
across our services is that every day
you people come to our services to
choose to share photos or send messages
and every single time they choose to
share something there they have a
control right there about who they want
to share it with but that level of
control is extremely important they
certainly know within the Facebook pages
who their friends are but they may not
know as has happened and you've conceded
this point in the past that sometimes
that information is going way beyond
their friends and sometimes people have
made money off of sharing that
information correct senator you're
referring I think to our developer
platform and it may be useful for me to
give some background on how we set that
up if that's useful I have three minutes
left so maybe you can do that for the
record because I have a couple of the
questions I'd like to ask come from you
have recently announced something that
is called messenger kids Facebook
created an app allowing kids between the
ages of 6 and 12 to send video and text
messages through Facebook as an
extension of their parents account you
have cartoon-like stickers and other
features designed to appeal to
kids first graders kindergartners on
January 30th the campaign for
commercial-free childhood and lots of
other child development organizations
warned Facebook they pointed to a wealth
of research demonstrating that excessive
use of digital devices and social media
is harmful to kids and argued that young
children simply are not ready to handle
social media accounts at age six in
addition there are concerns about data
that's being gathered about these kids
now there are certain limits in the law
we know there's a Children's Online
Privacy Protection Act what guarantees
can you give us that no data for
messenger kids is or will be collected
or shared with those that might violate
that law all right senator so a number
of things I think are important here the
background on messenger kids is we heard
feedback from thousands of parents that
they want to be able to stay in touch
with their kids and call them use apps
like FaceTime when they're working late
or not around and want to communicate
with their kids but they want to have
complete control over that so I think we
can all agree that if you're when your
kid is six or seven even if they have
access to a phone you want to be able to
control everyone who they can contact
and there wasn't an app out there that
did that so we built this service to do
that the app collects a minimum amount
of information that is necessary to
operate the service so for example the
messages that people send is something
that we collect in order to operate the
service but in general that data is not
going to be shared with third parties it
is not connected to the broader Facebook
excuse me as a lawyer I picked up on
that word in general the phrase in
general it seems to suggest that in some
circumstances will be shared with third
parties no it will not all right would
you be open to the idea that someone
having reached adult age having grown up
with messenger kids should be allowed to
delete the data that you've collected
senator yes as a matter of fact when you
become 13 which is our legal limit or
limited we don't allow people under the
age of 13 to use Facebook you don't
automatically go from having a messenger
kids that account to a Facebook account
you have to start
and get a Facebook account so so I think
it's a good idea to consider making sure
that all that information is deleted and
in general people are gonna be starting
over when they get there their Facebook
or other accounts I'll close because
they just have a few seconds Illinois
has a biometric information Privacy Act
our state does which is to regulate the
commercial use of facial voice finger
and iris scans and the like we're now in
a fulsome debate on that and I'm afraid
Facebook has come down with a position
trying to carve out exceptions to that I
hope you'll fill me in on how that is
consistent with protecting privacy
thank you thank you Senator Durbin
senator Cornyn Thank You mr. Zuckerberg
for being here I know didn't up until
2014 the mantra or motto of Facebook was
move fast and break things is that
correct I don't know when we changed it
but the mantra is currently move fast
with stable infrastructure which is a
much less sexy mantra sounds much more
boring but my question is during the
time it was Facebook's mantra or motto
to move fast and break things do you
think some of them misjudgments perhaps
mistakes that you've admitted to here
were as a result of that culture or that
attitude particularly as regards to
personal privacy of information of your
subscribers senator I do think that we
made mistakes because of that but the
broadest mistakes that we made here are
not taking a broad enough view of our
responsibility and Millau wasn't a
matter the the move fast cultural value
is more tactical around weather
engineers can ship things and and and
different ways that we operate but I
think the big mistake that we've made
looking back on this is viewing our
responsibility as just building tools
rather than viewing our whole
responsibilities as making sure that
those tools are used for good well and I
appreciate that because previously or
earlier in the past we've been told that
platforms like Facebook Twitter
Instagram and the like or neutral
platforms and the people who owned and
run those for-profit and I'm not
criticizing doing something for profit
in this country but they more no
responsibility for the content you agree
now that Facebook and other social media
platforms are not neutral platforms but
bear some responsibility for the content
I agree that we're responsible for the
content and I think that there's one of
the big societal questions that I think
we're going to need to answer is the
current framework that we have is based
on this reactive model that assumed that
there weren't AI tools that could
proactively tell whether something was
terrorist content or something bad so it
naturally relied on requiring people to
flag for a company and then the company
deemed to take reasonable action in the
future we're gonna have tools that are
going to be able to identify more types
of bad content and I think that there's
there are moral and legal obligation
questions that I think we'll have to
wrestle with as a society about when we
want to require companies to take action
proactively on certain of those things I
plan that gets in the way I appreciate
that I have two minutes left
all right to ask you questions so you
you interestingly the terms of the what
do you call it the Terms of Service is a
legal document which discloses to your
subscribers how their information is
going to be used how Facebook is going
to operate and but you concede that you
doubt everybody reads or understands
that legalese those Terms of Service so
are is that to suggest that the consent
that people give subject to that Terms
of Service is not informed consent in
other words they may not read it and
even if they read it they may not
understand it I just think we have a
broader responsibility than what the law
requires so I'm I'm talking about
I appreciate that what I'm asking about
in terms of what your
treiber's understand in terms of how
their data is going to be used but let
me go to the Terms of Service under
paragraph number two you say you own all
of the content and information you post
on Facebook that's what you've told us
here today a number of times so if I
choose to terminate my Facebook account
can i bar Facebook or any third parties
from using the data that had previously
supplied for any purpose whatsoever yes
senator if you delete your account we
should get rid of all of your
information you should or we do you if
we do how about third parties that you
have contracted with to use some of that
underlying information perhaps to target
advertising for themselves you can you
you with do you call back that
information as well or does that remain
in there senator this is actually a very
important question I'm glad you brought
this up because there's a very common
misperception about Facebook that we
sell data to advertisers and we do not
sell data to advertisers well due to
early rented um what we allow is for
advertisers to tell us who they want to
reach and then we do the placement so if
an advertiser comes to us and says
alright I'm a ski shop and I want to
sell skis to women then we might have
some sense because people shared skiing
related content or said they were
interested in that they shared whether
they're a woman and then we can show the
ads to the right people without that
data ever changing hands and going to
the advertiser that's a very fundamental
part of how our model works and
something that is often misunderstood so
I appreciate that you brought that up
thank you senator Cornyn we had
indicated earlier on that we would take
a couple of breaks give our witness an
opportunity and I think we've been going
now for just under two hours so I think
we'll do is do a few more Roberta are
you
you you you want to keep going I've been
maybe maybe 15 minutes okay we're all
right we'll keep going senator
Blumenthal is up next and we will
commence Thank You mr. chairman thank
you for being here today mr. Zuckerberg
you have told us today and you've told
the world that Facebook was deceived by
Alexander Cogan when he sold user
information to Cambridge analytic occur
echt yes I want to show you the Terms of
Service that Alexander Cogan provided to
Facebook and note for you that in fact
Facebook was on notice that he could
sell that user information have you seen
these Terms of Service before I have not
who in facebook was responsible for
seeing those Terms of Service that put
you on notice that that information
could be sold senator our app review
team would be responsible for that has
anyone been fired on that app we review
team senator not because of this doesn't
that term of service conflict with the
FTC order that Facebook was under at
that very time that this term of service
was in fact provided to Facebook and
you'll note that the face the FTC order
specifically requires Facebook to
protect privacy isn't there a conflict
there senator it certainly appears that
we should have been aware that this app
developer submitted a term that was in
conflict with the rules of the platform
well what happened here was in effect
willful blindness
it was heedless and reckless which in
Act amounted to a violation of the FTC
consent decree would you agree no
senator my understanding is that is is
not that this was a violation of the
consent decree but as I've said a number
of times today I think we need to take a
broader view of our responsibilities
around privacy than just what is
mandated in the current law here is my
reservation mr. Zuckerberg and I
apologize for interrupting you but my
time is limited we've seen the apology
tours before you have refused to
acknowledge even an ethical obligation
to have reported this violation of the
FTC consent decree and we have letters
we've had contacts with Facebook
employees and I'm going to submit a
letter for the record from Sandeep Eric
Ellis with your permission that
indicates not only a lack of resources
but lack of attention to privacy and so
my reservation about your testimony
today is that I don't see how you can
change your business model unless there
are specific rules of the road your
business model is to monetize user
information to maximize profit over
privacy and unless there are specific
rules and requirements enforced by an
outside agency
I have no assurance that these kinds of
vague commitments are going to produce
action so I want to ask you a couple of
very specific questions and they are
based on legislation that I've offered
the my data Act legislation that Senator
Markey is introducing today the consent
Act which I'm joining don't you agree
that companies ought to be required to
provide users with clear plain
information about how their data will be
used and specific ability
to consent to the use of that
information senator I do generally agree
with with what you're saying and I laid
that out earlier when I talked about
what would you agree to an opt-in as
opposed to an opt-out senator I think
that that certainly makes sense to
discuss and I think the details around
this matter a lot which I agree that
users should be able to access all of
their information senator yes of course
all the information that you collect as
a result of purchases from data brokers
as well as tracking them senator we have
already a download your information tool
that allows people to see and to take
out all of the information that Facebook
that they've put into Facebook or that
Facebook knows about them so yes I agree
with that we already have that I have a
number of other specific requests that
you agree to support as part of
legislation I think legislation is
necessary the rules of the road have to
be the result of congressional action we
have facebook has participated recently
in the fight against scourge the scourge
of sex trafficking and the bill that
we've just passed it will be signed into
law tomorrow festa the stop exploiting
sex trafficking act was the result of
our cooperation I hope that we can
cooperate on this kind of measure as
well senator I look forward to having my
team work with you on this Thank You
senator Blumenthal senator Cruz Thank
You mr. chairman mr. Zuckerberg welcome
thank you for being here mr. Zuckerberg
does Facebook consider itself a neutral
public forum senator we consider
ourselves to be a platform for all ideas
let me ask the question again the
Facebook consider itself to be a neutral
public forum and representatives of your
company of giving conflicting answers on
this are you a first limit speaker
expressing your views or are you a
neutral public forum allowing everyone
to speak senator here's how we think
about this I don't believe that
there's certain content that clearly we
do not allow right hate speech terrorist
content nudity anything that makes
people feel unsafe in in the community
from that perspective that's why we
generally try to refer to what we do as
a pro I just because the time is
constraint it's just a simple question
the predicate for section 230 immunity
under the CB CDA is that you are a
neutral public forum do you consider
yourself a neutral public forum are you
engaged in political speech which is
your right under the First Amendment
well senator our goal is certainly not
to engage in political speech I'm not
that familiar with a specific legal
language of the law that you that you
speak to so I would need to follow up
with you on that I'm just trying to lay
out how broadly I think about this well
mr. Zuckerberg I will say there are
great many Americans who I think are
deeply concerned that that Facebook and
other tech companies are engaged in a
pervasive pattern of bias and political
censorship there had been numerous
instances with Facebook in May of 2016
Gizmodo reported that Facebook had
purposely and routinely suppressed
conservative stories from trending news
including stories about CPAC including
stories about Mitt Romney including
stories about the Lois Lerner IRS
scandal including stories about Glenn
Beck in addition to that Facebook has
initially shut down the chick-fil-a
Appreciation Day page has blocked a post
of Fox News reporter has blocked over
two dozen Catholic pages and most
recently blocked Trump supporters
diamond and silks page with 1.2 million
Facebook followers after determining
their content and brand were quote
unsafe to the community to a great many
Americans that appears to be a pervasive
pattern of political bias do you agree
with that assessment senator let me say
a few things about this first I
understand where that concern is coming
from because Facebook in the tech
industry or located in Silicon Valley
which is an extremely left-leaning place
and
this is actually a concern that I have
and that I try to root out in the
company is making sure that we don't
have any bias in the work that we do and
I think it is a fair concern that that
people would would let me wonder about
let me ask this now should are you aware
of any ad or page that has been taken
down from Planned Parenthood senator I'm
not but let me just talk about I move on
another org sorry
how about move on org I'm not
specifically aware of this about any
Democratic candidate for office I'm not
specifically aware I mean I've I'm not
I'm not sure in your testimony you say
that you have fifteen to twenty thousand
people working on security and content
review do you know the political
orientation of those fifteen to twenty
thousand people engage in content review
no senator we do not generally ask
people about their political orientation
when they're joining the company so a
CEO have you ever made hiring or firing
decisions based on political positions
or what candidates they supported know
what was Palmer Luckey fired that is a
specific personnel matter that seems
like it would be inappropriate he just
made a specific representation that you
didn't make decisions based on political
views well I can commit that it was not
because of a political view do you know
of those fifteen to twenty thousand
people engaged in content review how
many if any have ever supported
financially a Republican candidate for
office senator I do not know that your
testimony says it is not enough that we
just connect people we have to make sure
those connections are positive it says
we have to make sure people aren't using
their voice to hurt people or spread
misinformation we have a responsibility
not just to build tools to make sure
those tools are used for good mr.
Zuckerberg do you feel that your
responsibility to assess users whether
they are good and positive connections
or ones that those fifteen to twenty
thousand people deem unacceptable or
deplorable senator you're asking me
personally Facebook senator I think that
there are a number of things that we
would all agree are clearly bad foreign
interference in our elections terrorism
self
armed censorship well I think that you
would probably agree that we should
remove terrorist propaganda from the
service so that I I agree I think is
clearly bad activity we want to get down
and we're generally proud of how well we
we do it that now what I can say and I
and I do want to get this in before the
end here is that I am I'm very committed
to making sure that facebook is a
platform for all ideas that is a very
important founding principle of what we
do we're proud of the discourse and the
different ideas that people can share on
the service and that is something that
as long as I'm running the company I'm
going to be committed to making sure is
the case thank you thank you senator
Cruz you want a break now we want to
keep going sure those pretty good all
right all right we have senator
Whitehouse's up next but if you want to
take a five-minute break right now we
have now been going a good two hours so
thank you will be will recess for five
minutes and reconvene
well come to order yeah yeah okay I'm
gonna read this further
before I call on senator Whitehouse of
senator Feinstein ask permission to put
letters and statements in the record and
without objection they will be put in
from the ACLU the Electronic Privacy
Information Center the Association for
computing Computing Machinery Public
Policy Council and public knowledge
senator Whitehouse Thank You chairman
Thank You mr. chairman I want to correct
one thing that I said earlier in a
response to a question from Senator
Leahy he had asked if why we didn't ban
Cambridge analytic at the time when we
learned about them in 2015 and I
answered that what might what my
understanding was was that they were not
on the platform were not a app developer
or advertiser when I went back and met
with my team afterwards they let me know
that kimra general decay actually did
start as an advertiser later in 2015 so
we could have in theory banned them then
we made a mistake by not doing so but I
just wanted to make sure that I updated
that and because I misspoke or got that
wrong earlier Whitehouse Thank You
chairman welcome back mr. Zuckerberg on
the subject of bans I just wanted to
explore a little bit what these bans
mean obviously Facebook has been done
considerable reputation 'old Amegy its
association with alexander Cogan and
with Cambridge analytic Oh which is one
of the reasons you're having this
enjoyable afternoon with us your
testimony says that Alexander Cogan's
app has been banned has he also been
banned yes my understanding is yes so if
he were to open up another
account under a name and you were able
to find it out that would be taken that
would be closed down senator I believe
we are preventing him from building any
more apps does he have a Facebook
account still senator I believe the
answer to that is no but I can follow up
with you afterwards okay and with
respect to Cambridge analytic a your
testimony is that first you required
them to formally certify that they had
deleted all improperly acquired data
where did that formal certification take
place that sounds kind of like a quasi
official thing to formally certify what
did that entail senator first they sent
us an email notice from their chief data
officer telling us that they didn't have
any of the data anymore that they
deleted it and weren't using it and then
later we followed up with I believe a
full legal contract were they certified
that they had deleted the data in a
legal contract yes I believe so okay and
then you ultimately said that you have
banned Cambridge analytic who exactly is
banned what if they opened up Cranston
Rhode Island analytic ah different
corporate form same enterprise would
that enterprise also be banned senator
that is certainly the intent Cambridge
analytic actually has a parent company
and we banned the parent company and
recently we also banned a firm called
aiq which i think is also associated
with them and if we find other firms
that are associated with them we will
block them from the platform as well our
individual principals PA LS principals
of the firm also banned senator
my understanding is we're blocking them
from doing business on the platform but
I do not believe that we were blocking
people's personal accounts okay
can any customer amend your Terms of
Service or the Terms of Service a
take-it-or-leave-it proposition for the
average customer senator I think the
Terms of Service are what they are but
the service is really defined by people
because you get to choose what
information you share and the whole
service is about which friends you
connect to which cannot used to connect
to my question would relate to Senator
Gramm held up that big fat document it's
easy to put a lot of things buried in a
document that then later turn out to be
of consequence and all I wanted to
establish with you is that that document
that Senator Gramm held up that is not a
negotiable thing with individual
customers that is a take-it-or-leave-it
proposition for your customers to sign
up to or not use the service senator
that's right on the Terms of Service
although we offer a lot of controls so
people can configure the experience how
they want so last question on a
different subject having to do with the
authorization process that you are
undertaking for entities that are
putting up political content or is
so-called issue add content you've said
that they all have to go through an
authorization process before they do it
you said here we will be verifying the
identity how do you look behind a shell
corporation and find who's really behind
it through your authorization process
with step back do you need to look
behind shell corporations in order to
find out who is really behind the
content that's being posted and if you
may need to look behind a shell
corporation how will you go about doing
that how will you get back to the true
what lawyers would call beneficial owner
of the site that is putting out the
political material senator are you
referring to the verification of
political and issue ads yes and before
that political ads yes yes so what we're
going to do is require a
valid government identity and we're
going to verify the location so we're
going to do that so that way someone
sitting in Russia for example couldn't
say that they're in America and
therefore able to run an election ad but
if they were running through a
corporation domiciled in Delaware you
wouldn't know that they were actually a
Russian owner senator that's that's
correct okay thank you my time is
expired and I appreciate the courtesy
that share for the extra seconds Thank
You mr. Zuckerberg Thank You mr.
chairman
mr. Zuckerberg I wanted to follow up on
a statement that you made shortly before
the break just a few minutes ago you
said that there are some categories of
speech some types of content that
Facebook would never want to have any
part of and it takes active steps to
avoid disseminating and including hate
speech nudity racist speech I assume you
also meant terrorist acts
threats of physical violence things like
that beyond that would you agree that
Facebook ought not be putting its thumb
on the scale with regard to the content
of speech assuming it fits out of one of
those categories that that's prohibited
senator yes there are generally two
categories of content that that we're
very worried about one are things that
could cause real-world harm so terrorism
certainly fits into that self harm fits
into that I would consider election
interference to fit into that and those
are the types of things that we don't
really consider there to be much
discussion around whether those are good
or bad Julianna and I'm not disputing
that what I'm asking is once you get
beyond those categories of things that
are prohibited and should be is it
Facebook's position that it should not
be putting its thumb on the scale it
should not be favoring or disfavoring
speech based on its content based on the
viewpoint of that speech senator in
general that's our position what we one
of the things that is really important
though is that in order to create a
service where everyone has a voice we
also need to make sure that people
aren't bullied or or basically
intimidated or the environment feels
unsafe for them okay so when you say in
general that's the
the the exception that you were
referring to the exception being that if
someone feels bullied even if it's not a
terrorist act nudity terrorist threats
racist speech or something like that you
might step in there beyond that would
you step in and put your thumb on the
scale as far as the viewpoint of the
content being posted senator no I mean
in general our our goal is to allow
people to have as much expression as
possible okay so subject to the
exceptions we've discussed you would
stay out of that let me ask you this
isn't there a significant free-market
incentive that a social media company
including yours has in order to
safeguard the data of your users don't
you have free market incentives and
every senator yes does it don't your
interests align with what those of us
here who want to see data safeguarded
absolutely do you have the technological
means available at your disposal to make
sure that that doesn't happen and to
protect say an app developer from
transferring Facebook data to a third
party senator a lot of that we do and
some of that happens outside of our
systems and will require new measures so
for example what we saw here was people
chose to share information with an app
developer that worked according to how
the system was designed that information
was then transferred out of our system
to servers that this developer alexander
Cogan had and then that person chose to
then go sell the data to Cambridge
analytic ah that is going to require
much more active intervention and
auditing from us to prevent going
forward because once it's out of our
system it is a lot harder for us to have
a full understanding of what's happening
from what you've said today and from
previous statements made by you and and
other officials at your company data is
at the center of your business model
it's it's how you make money your
ability to run your business effectively
given that you don't charge your users
is based on monitor
data and so the real issue it seems to
me really comes down to what you tell
the public what you tell users of
Facebook about what you're going to do
with the data about how you're going to
use it can you can you give me a couple
of examples maybe two examples of ways
in which data is collected by Facebook
in a way that people are not aware of
two examples of types of data that
Facebook collects that might be
surprising to Facebook users well
senator I would hope that what we do
with data is not surprising to people
and has it been at times well senator I
think in this case people certainly
didn't expect this developer to sell the
data to Cambridge analytic in general
there were two types of data that that
Facebook has the vast majority and then
the first category is content that
people chose to share on the service
themselves so that's all the photos that
you share the posts that you make what
you think of is the Facebook service
right that's everyone has control every
single time if they go to share that
they can delete that data anytime they
want full control the majority of the
data the second category is around
specific data that we collect in order
to make the advertising experiences
better and more relevant and work for
businesses and those often revolve
around measuring okay if you if we
showed you an ad and then you click
through and you go somewhere else we can
measure that you actually that that the
the ad worked that helps make the
experience more relevant and better for
for people who are getting more relevant
ads and better for the businesses
because they perform better you also
have control completely of that second
type of data you can turn off the
ability for Facebook to collect that
your ads will get worse so a lot of
people don't want to do that but you
have complete control over what you do
there as well senator schatz Thank You
mr. chairman I want to follow up on the
questions around the Terms of Service
your Terms of Service are about 3200
words with 30 links one of the links is
to your data policy which is about 27
hundred words with 22 links and I think
the point has been well made that people
really have no earthly idea what they're
signing up for and I understand that at
the present time that's legally binding
but I'm wondering if you can explain to
the billions of users in plain language
what are they signing up for senator
that's a good and important question
here in general yeah you sign up for the
Facebook you get the ability to share
the information that you want with with
people that's what the service is right
is that you can connect with the people
that you want and you can share whatever
content matters to you whether that's
photos or links or posts and you get
control over who you share it with and
you can take it down if you want and you
don't need to put anything up in the
first place if you don't want out about
the part that people are worried about
not the fun part well what's that the
part that people are worried about is
that the data is going to be improperly
used so people are trying to figure out
are your DMS informing the ads are your
browsing habits being collected
everybody kind of understands that when
you click like on something or if you
say you like a certain movie or have a
particular political proclivity that I
think that's fair game everybody
understands that what we don't
understand exactly because both as a
matter of practice and as a matter of
not being able to decipher those Terms
of Service and the privacy policy is
what exactly are you doing with the data
and do you draw a distinction between
data collected in the process of
utilizing the platform and that which we
clearly volunteer to the public to
present ourselves to other Facebook
users senator I'm not sure I fully
understand this in general people come
to Facebook to share content with other
people we use that in order to also
inform how we rank services like
newsfeed and ads to provide more
relevant experience let me let me try a
couple of specific examples if I mean if
I'm mailing emailing within what
does that ever inform your advertisers
no we don't see any of the content in
whatsapp it's fully encrypted right but
the is there some algorithm that spits
out some information to your ad platform
and then let's say I'm emailing about
black panther within whatsapp do I get a
what's that do I get a Black Panther
banner ad senator we don't Facebook
systems do not see the content of
messages being transferred over what's
yeah I know but that's that's not what
I'm asking I'm asking about whether
these systems talk to each other without
a human being touching it senator I
think the answer to your specific
question is if you message someone about
Black Panther and what's that it would
not inform any ads okay
I want to follow up on senator Nelson's
original question which is the question
of ownership of the data and I
understand as a sort of matter of
principle you're saying you know we want
our customers to have more rather than
less control over the data but I can't
imagine that it's true as a legal matter
that I actually own my facebook data
because you're the one monetizing it do
you want to modify that to sort of
express that as a statement of principle
a sort of aspirational goal but it
doesn't seem to me that we own our own
data otherwise we'd be getting a cut
well senator you own it in the sense
that you choose to put it there you
could take it down any time and you
completely control the terms under which
it's used when you put it on Facebook
you are granting us a license to be able
to show it to other people and that's a
necessary in order for the service to
operate right but the so the the so your
definition of ownership is I sign up I
voluntarily and I may delete my account
if I wish but that's basically it well
senator I think that the control is much
more granular than that you can choose
each photo that you want to put up or
each message and you can delete those
and you don't need to delete your whole
account you have specific control you
can share different posts with eminent
people in the time I have left I want to
I want to propose something to you and
take it for the record I read an
interesting article this week by
professor Jack Balkan at Yale that
proposes a concept of an information
fiduciary people think of fiduciaries as
responsible
primarily in the economic sense but this
is really about a trust relationship
like doctors and lawyers tech companies
should hold in trust our personal data
are you open to the idea of information
fiduciary enshrined in statute senator I
think it's certainly an interesting idea
and Jack is very thoughtful in this
space so I do think it deserves
consideration thank you
throughout Fisher Thank You mr. chairman
thank you mr. Zuckerberg for being here
today I appreciate your testimony the
full scope of Facebook users activity
can print very personal picture I think
and additionally you have those two
billion users that are out there every
month and so we all know that's larger
than the population in most countries
so how many data categories do you store
does Facebook store on the categories
that you collect senator can you clarify
what you mean by date there are some
past reports that have been out there
that indicate that it that Facebook
collects about 96 data categories for
those 2 billion active users that's 192
billion data points that are being
generated I think at any time from
consumers globally so how many do does
Facebook store out of that do you store
any senator I'm not actually sure what
that is referring to on the points that
you collect information if we call those
categories how many do you store of
information that you are collecting
senator the way I think about this is
there were two broad categories
I report that you were seeing is and I
can make sure that we follow up with you
afterwards to get you the information
you need on that the two broad
categories that I think about are con
that a person has chosen to share and
that they have complete control over
they get to control when they put it
into the service when they take it down
who sees it and then the other category
are data that are connected to making
the ads relevant you have complete
control over both you could turn off the
data related to add you can choose not
to share any content or control exactly
who sees it or take down the content in
the former category and does Facebook
store any of that yes
how much do you store of that all of it
all of it everything we click on is that
in storage somewhere senator we store
data about what people share on the
service and information that's required
to do ranking better to show you what
you care about a newsfeed do you do you
store a tax history User Content
activity device location senator some of
that content with people's permission
we do store do you disclose any of that
yes senator in order to for people to
share that information with Facebook I
believe that almost everything that you
just said would be opt-in right and the
privacy settings it's my understanding
that they limit the sharing of that data
with other Facebook users is that
correct senator yes every person gets to
control who gets to see their content
and does that also limit the ability for
Facebook to collect and use it senator
yes there are other there are controls
that determine what Facebook can do as
well so for example people have a
control about face recognition if people
don't want us to be able to help
identify when they're in photos that
their friends upload they can turn that
off and then we won't store that kind of
template for them and and there was some
action taken by the eff
see in 2011 and do you wrote a Facebook
post at the time on a public page on the
internet that it used to seem scary to
people but as long as they could make
their page private they felt safe
sharing with their friends online
control was key and you just mentioned
control senator Hatch asked you a
question and you responded there about
complete control so you and your company
have used that term repeatedly and I
believe you use it to reassure users is
that correct but you do have control and
complete control over this information
well senator this is how the service
works is I mean the core thing that
Facebook is and all of our services
what's that Instagram messenger so is
this a is this then a question of
Facebook is about feeling safe or our
users actually safe this Facebook is
Facebook
I think Facebook is safe I use it and my
family use it and all the people I love
and care about use it all the time these
controls are not just to make people
feel safe it's actually what people want
in the product the reality is is that
when you I mean just think about how you
use this yourself you don't want to
share you take a photo you're not gonna
always send that to the same people
sometimes you're gonna want to text it
to one person sometimes you might send
it to a group I bet you have a page
you'll probably want to put some stuff
out there publicly so you can
communicate with your constituents there
are all these different groups of people
that someone might want to connect with
and those controls are very important in
practice for the operation of the
service not just to build trust although
I think that they providing people with
control also does that but actually in
order to make its that people can
fulfill their goals or the service
sooner cool thank you thank you chairman
Grassley Thank You mr. Zuckerberg for
joining us today I think the whole
reason we're having this hearing is
because of a tension between two basic
principles you've laid out first you've
said about the data that users post on
Facebook you control and own the data
that you put
on Facebook you said some very positive
optimistic things about privacy and data
ownership but it's also the reality that
Facebook is a for-profit entity that
generated 40 billion dollars in ad
revenue last year by targeting ads in
fact Facebook claims that advertising
makes it easy to find the right people
capture their attention and get results
and you recognize that an ad-supported
service is as you said earlier today
best aligned with your mission and
values but the reality is there's a lot
of examples where ad targeting has led
to results that I think we would all
disagree with or dislike or would
concern us you've already admitted that
Facebook's own ad tools allowed Russians
to target users voters based on racist
or anti Muslim or anti-immigrant views
and that that may have played a
significant role in an election here in
the United States
just today Time magazine posted a story
saying that wildlife traffickers are
continuing to use Facebook tools to
advertise the illegal sales of protected
animal parts and I am left questioning
whether your ad targeting tools would
allow other concerning practices like
diet pill manufacturers targeting
teenagers who are struggling with their
weight or allowing a liquor distributor
to target alcoholics or a gambling
organization to target those with
gambling problems I'll give you one
concrete example I'm sure you're
familiar with Pro Publica back in 2016
highlighted that Facebook lets
advertisers exclude users by race in
real estate advertising there was a way
that you could say that this particular
ad I only want to be seen by white folks
not by people of color and that clearly
violates fair housing laws and our basic
sense of fairness in the United States
and you promptly announced that that was
a bad idea you were gonna change the
tools and that you would build a new
system to spot and reject discriminatory
ads that violate our commitment to fair
housing and yet a year later a follow up
story of AI Pro Publica said that those
changes hadn't fully been made and it
was still possible to target housing
advertisement in a way that was racially
discriminatory and my concern is that
this practice of making bold and
engaging promises about changes in
practices and then the reality of how
Facebook has operated in the real
are in persistent tension several
different senators have asked earlier
today about the 2011 FTC consent decree
that required Facebook to better protect
users privacy and there are a whole
series of examples where they've been
things brought to your attention where
Facebook has apologized and has said
we're going to change our practices and
our policies and yet there doesn't seem
to have been as much follow-up as would
be called for the end of the day
policies aren't worth the paper they're
written on if Facebook doesn't enforce
them and I'll close with a question
that's really rooted in an experience I
had today as an avid Facebook user I
woke up this morning and was notified by
a whole group of friends across the
country asking if I had a new family or
if there was a fake Facebook post of
Chris Coons I went to the one they
suggested it had a different middle
initial than mine and there's my picture
with senator Dan Sullivan's family same
schools I went to but a whole lot of
Russian friends Dan Sullivan's got a
very attractive family by the way and
keep that for the record there the
friends who brought this to my attention
included people I went to law school
with in Hawaii and our own Attorney
General in the state of Delaware and
fortunately I've got you know great
folks who work in my office I brought it
to their attention they pushed Facebook
and it was taken down by midday but I'm
left worried about what happens to
Delawareans who don't have these
resources it's still possible to find
Russian trolls operating in the platform
hate groups thrive in some areas of
Facebook even though your policies
prohibit hate speech and you've taken
strong steps against extremism and
terrorists but is it Delaware Ian who's
not in the Senate I'm gonna get the same
sort of quick response I've already
gotten input from other friends who say
they've had trouble getting a positive
response when they've brought to
Facebook's attention a page that's
frankly clearly violated their basic
principles my core question is isn't it
Facebook's job to better protect its
users and why do you shift the burden to
users to flag inappropriate content and
make sure it's taken down senator there
are a number of important points in
there and I think it's clear that this
is an area
content policy enforcement that we need
to do a lot better on overtime the
history of how we got here is we started
off in my dorm room we've not a lot of
resources and not having the AI
technology to be able to proactively
identify a lot of this stuff so just
because of the sheer volume of content
the main way that this works today is
that people report things to us and then
we have our team review that and as I
said before by the end of this year
we're gonna have more than 20,000 people
at the company working on security and
content review because this is important
over time we're gonna shift increasingly
to a method where more of this content
is flagged upfront by AI tools that we
develop we've prioritized the most
important types of content that we can
build AI tools for today like terror
related content where I mentioned
earlier that our systems that we deploy
when you're taking down 99% of the Isis
and al-qaida related content that we
take down before a person even Flags
them to us if we fast forward 5 or 10
years I think we're gonna have more AI
technology that can do that in more
areas and I think we need to get there
as soon as possible which is why we're
investing in that degree more I just
think we can't wait five years to the
housing discrimination and personally
offensive material out of Facebook that
I agree Thank You mr. chairman mr.
Zuckerberg thanks for being here at
current pace you're due to be done with
first round of questioning by about 1
a.m. so congratulations I like Chris
Coons a lot with his own family or with
Dan Sullivan's family both are great
photos but I want to ask a similar set
of questions from the other side maybe I
think the the line the conceptual line
between mere tech company mere tools and
an actual content company I think it's
really hard I think you guys have a hard
challenge I think regulation over time
will have a hard challenge and you're a
private company so you can make policies
that may be less than First Amendment
full spirit embracing in my view but I
worry about that I worry about a world
where
when you go from violent groups to hate
speech in a hurry in one of your
responses to one of the opening
questions you may decide our Facebook
may decide it needs to police a whole
bunch of speech that I think America
might be better off not having policed
by one company that has a really big and
powerful platform
can you define hate speech senator I
think that this is a really hard
question and I think it's one of the
reasons why we struggle with it there
are certain definitions that that we
that we have around you know calling for
for violence or let's just agree on that
if somebody's gone for violence we that
shouldn't be there I'm worried about the
psychological categories around speech
you use language of safety and
protection earlier we see this happening
on college campuses all across the
country it's dangerous forty percent of
Americans under age 35 tell pollsters
they think the First Amendment is
dangerous because you might use your
freedom to say something that hurts
somebody else's feelings guess what
there are some really passionately held
views about the abortion issue on this
panel today can you imagine a world
where you might decide that pro lifers
are prohibited from speaking about their
abortion views on your content on your
platform I certainly would not want that
to be the case but it might really be
unsettling to people who've had an
abortion to have an open debate about
that wouldn't it it might be but I don't
think that that would would fit any of
the definitions of what we have but I do
generally agree with the point that
you're making which is as we as we were
able to technologically shift towards
especially having AI proactively look at
content I think that that's gonna create
massive questions for society about what
obligations we want to require companies
to to fulfill and and I do think that
that's a question that we need to
struggle with as a country because I
know other countries are and they're
putting laws in place and I think that
America needs to figure out and create
the set of principles that we want
American companies to operate under
thanks I wouldn't want you to leave here
today and think there's sort of a
unified view in the Khan
that you should be moving toward
policing more and more and more speech
I think violence has no place on your
platform sex traffickers and human
traffickers have no place on your
platform but vigorous debates adults
need to engage in vigorous debates I
have only a little less than two minutes
left so and shift gears a little bit but
that was about adults you're a dad I'd
like to talk a little bit about social
media addiction you started your
comments today by talking about how
Facebook is and was founded as an
optimistic company you and I have had
conversations separate from here I don't
want to put words in your mouth but I
think as you've aged you might be a
little bit less idealistic and
optimistic than you were when you when
you started Facebook as a dad do you
worry about social media addiction as a
problem for America's teens well my hope
is is that we can be idealistic but have
a broad view of our responsibility to
your point about teens this is certainly
something that I think any parent thinks
about is how much do you want your kids
using technology in it at Facebook
specifically I view our responsibility
as not just building services that
people like but building services that
are good for people and good for society
as well so we study a lot of effects of
well-being of our of our tools and
broader technology and you know like any
tool they're good and bad uses of it
what we find in general is that if
you're using social media in order to
build relationships right so you're
sharing content with friends you're
interacting then that is associated with
all of the long-term measures of
well-being that you would intuitively
think of long-term health long-term
happiness long-term feeling connected
feeling less lonely but if you're using
the Internet in social media
primarily to just passively consume
content and you're not engaging with
other people then doesn't have those
positive effects and it could be
negative we're almost at time so I want
to want to ask you one more do social
media companies hire consulting firms to
help them figure out how to get more
dopamine feedback loops so that people
don't want to leave the platform no
senator that's not how we talk about
this or how we set up our product teams
we want our products to be valuable to
people and if they're valuable then
people choose to use them are you aware
of
there are social media companies that do
hire such consultants not sitting here
today thanks senator Markey Thank You
mr. chairman um in response to senator
Blumenthal's pointed questions you
refuse to answer whether facebook should
be required by law to obtain clear
permission from users before selling or
sharing their personal information so
I'm going to ask it one more time yes or
no should Facebook get clear permission
from users before selling or sharing
sensitive information about your health
your finances your relationships should
you have to get their permission that's
essentially the consent decree with the
Federal Trade Commission that you signed
in 2011 should you have to get
permission should the consumer have to
opt-in senator we do require permission
to use the the system and to put
information in there and for all the
uses of it I want to be clear we don't
sell information so regardless of
whether we could get permission to do
that that's just not a thing that we're
gonna go do so would you support
legislation I have a bill senator
Blumenthal referred to it the consent
act that would just put on the books a
law that said that Facebook and any
other company that gathers information
about Americans has to get their
permission their affirmative permission
before it can be reused for other
purposes would you support that
legislation to make it a national
standard for not just Facebook but for
all the other companies out there some
of them bad actors would you support
that legislation senator in general I
think that that principle is exactly
right and I think we should have a
discussion around how to would you
support legislation to back that general
principle that opt in that getting
permission is the center would you
support legislation to make that the
Constanta Europeans have passed that as
a lot Facebook's gonna live with that
law beginning on May 25th would you
support that as the law in the United
States Senator as a principle yes I
would I think the details matter a lot
right but assuming that we work out the
details you do support opt-in as the
standard getting permission
affirmatively as the standard for the
United States dr. mark senator I think
that that's the right principle and a
hundred billion times a day in our
services when people go to share content
they choose who they want to share it
you could support a law that enshrines
that as the promise that we make to the
American people that permission has to
be obtained before their information is
used it's not correct senator yes okay
but in principle I think that that makes
sense I think the details matter and I
look forward to having our team work
with you on unflushed got out right
so the next subject because I want to
again I want to make sure that we kind
of drill down here you earlier made
reference to the Child Online Privacy
Protection Act of 1999 which I am the
author of so that is the Constitution
for child privacy protection online in
the country and I'm very proud of that
but there are no protections
additionally for a 13 a 14 or 15 year
old they get the same protections that a
30 year old or a 50 year old get so I
have a separate piece of legislation to
ensure that kids who are under 16
absolutely have a privacy Bill of Rights
and that permission has to be received
from their parents or the children
before any of their information is
reused for any other purpose other than
that which was originally intended would
you support a child online privacy Bill
of Rights for kids under 16 to guarantee
that that information is not reused for
any other purpose without explicit
permission from the parents
kiss senator I think that as a general
principle I think protecting people
protecting minors and protecting their
privacy is extremely important and we do
a number of things on facebook to do
that already which I'm happy I'm talking
about a law I'm talking about a lot
would you support a law to ensure that
kids under 16 have this privacy Bill of
Rights I had this conversation with you
in your office seven years ago about
this specific subject in Palo Alto and
and I think that's really what the
American people want to know right now
what is the protections this what are
the protections that are going to be put
on the books for their families but
especially for their children
would you support a privacy bill of
rights for kids where opt-in is the
standard yes or no senator I think that
that's an important principle and true
shinka and I think we should we need a
law to protect those children that's my
question - do you believe we need a lot
to do so yes or no senator I'm not sure
if we need a law but I think that this
is certainly a thing that that discard
that that deserves a lot of discussion
and I again I couldn't disagree with you
more
other we're leaving these children to
the most rapacious commercial predators
in the country who will exploit these
children unless we absolutely have a law
on the books
absolutely sure please give a short
answer senator I look forward to having
my team follow up to flesh out the
details of it I don't think they're
alike senator play to get a correct
answer Thank You mr. chairman Thank You
mr. Zuckerberg thanks for enjoying so
far and I'm sorry if I plow old ground
I've had to be away for a bit I myself
and Senator Coons and her Peters and a
few others were in country of Zimbabwe
just a few days ago we met with
opposition figures who had talked about
you know their goal is to be able to
have access to state-run media in many
African countries many countries around
the world through rural countries from
all countries the only traditional media
is state-run
and we asked them how they get their
message out and it's through social
media
Facebook provides a very valuable
service
in many countries for opposition leaders
or others who simply don't have access
unless maybe just before an election to
traditional media so that's that's very
valuable and I think we all recognize
that on the flip side what we've seen
with the rahega that example of where
the state can use similar data or use
this platform had to go after people you
talked about what you're doing in that
regard hiring more you know traditional
or local language speakers what else are
you doing in that regard to ensure that
these states don't or these governments
go after opposition figures or others
senator there are three main things that
we're doing in Myanmar specifically and
that will apply to two other situations
like that
the first is hiring enough people to do
local language support because the
definition of hate speech or things that
can be racially coded to incite violence
are very language specific and we can't
do that with just English speakers for
people around the world so we need to
grow that the second is in these
countries there tend to be active civil
society who can help us identify the
figures who are who are spreading hate
and we can work with them in order to
make sure that those figures don't have
a place on our platform the third is
that there are specific product changes
that we can make in order to that that
might be necessary in some countries but
not others including things around news
literacy right and liking encouraging
people in different countries about
ramping up or down things like that we
might do around fact-checking
of content specific product type things
that we would want to implement in
different places but I think that that's
something that we're gonna have to do in
a number of countries there are
obviously limits you know native
speakers that you can hire or people
that have eyes on the page
artificial intelligences they have to
take the bulk of this how you know how
much are you investing and working on on
that tool to to do what really we don't
have or can't hire enough people to do
senator I think you're absolutely right
that over the long term building AI
tools is going to be the scalable way to
identify and root out most of this
harmful content we're investing a lot in
doing that as well as scaling up the
number of people who are doing content
review one of the things I've mentioned
is in this year worth or in the last
year we've basically doubled the number
of people doing security and content
review we're gonna have more than 20,000
people working on security and content
review by the end of this year so it's
going to be coupling continuing to grow
the people who are doing review in these
places with building AI tools which is
where we're working as quickly as we can
on that but some of the stuff is just
hard that I think is going to help us
get to a better place on eliminating
more of this harmful content thank you
you've talked some about this I know do
you believe that Russian and/or Chinese
government's have Harvard as harvested
Facebook data and have detailed data
sets on Facebook users as your forensic
analysis showing you who else other than
Cambridge analytic downloaded this kind
of data senator we have kicked off an
investigation of every app that had
access to a large amount of people's
data before we lock down the platform in
2014 that's underway
I imagine we'll find some things and we
are committed to telling the people who
are affected when we do
I don't think sitting here today that we
have specific knowledge of other efforts
by by those nation states but in general
we assume that a number of countries are
trying to abuse our systems thank you
Thank You mr. chairman
person who's Senator Verano Thank You
mr. chairman mr. Zuckerberg the US
Immigration and Customs Enforcement has
proposed a new extreme vetting
initiative which they have renamed these
visa lifecycle vetting that sounds less
scary
they have already held an industry day
that they advertised on the federal
contracting that website to get input
from tech companies on the best way to
among other things and I'm quoting ice
exploit publicly available information
such as media blogs public hearings
conferences academic websites social
media websites such as Twitter Facebook
and LinkedIn to extract pertinent
information regarding targets and
basically what they what they want to do
with these targets is to determine and
again I'm quoting the ISIS own document
they want ice has been directed to
develop processes that determine and
evaluate an applicant ie targets
probability of becoming a positively
contributing member of society as well
as their ability to contribute to
national interest in order to meet the
executive order that there's the
president's executive order and then ice
must also developed a mechanism or
methodology that allows them to assess
whether an applicant intends to commit
criminal or terrorist acts after
entering the United States the question
to you is does facebook plan to
cooperate with this extreme vetting
initiative and help the Trump
administration target people for
deportation or other ice enforcement
senator I don't know that we've had
specific conversations around that in
general you were asked to provide or
cooperate with Isis so that they could
determine whether somebody's going to
commit a crime for example or become
fruitful members of our society would
you clap we would not proactively do
that we cooperate with law enforcement
in two cases one is if we become aware
of an imminent threat of harm then we
will proactively reach out to law
enforcement as we believe is our
responsibility to do the other
is when law enforcement reaches out to
us with a valid legal subpoena or
request for data in those cases if their
request is overly broad or we believe
that's not a legal request then we're
going to push back aggressively well
let's assume that ice doesn't have a lot
there's no law or a rule that requires
that Facebook cooperate to put to of
allow them to get this kind of
information so that they can make those
kinds of assessments it sounds to me is
so you would decline senator that is
correct is there some way that well I
know that you determine what kind of
content would be deemed harmful so do
you believe that ice can even do what
they are talking about namely through a
combination of various kinds of
information including information that
they would hope to obtain from entities
such as yours predict who will commit
crimes or present a national security
problem do you think that that that's
even doable senator I'm not familiar
enough with what they're doing to offer
an informed opinion on that well you
have to make assessments as to what
constitutes hate speech that's pretty
hard to do you have to assess what
election interference is so these are
rather difficult to identify but
wouldn't the trying to predict whether
somebody's going to commit a crime
to fit into the category of a pretty
difficult to assess senator it sounds
difficult to me all of these things like
you're saying are difficult I don't know
without having worked on it or thinking
about it I think one would tell us that
that's pretty difficult and yet that's
what ice is proceeding to do you were
asked about discriminatory advertising
and in February of 2017 Facebook
announced that it would no longer allow
certain kinds of ads that discriminated
on a basis of race gender family status
sexual orientation disability or veteran
status all categories prohibited by
federal law in housing and yet
after 2017 it was discovered that you
could in fact place those kinds of ads
so what is the status of whether or not
these cat as can currently be placed on
Facebook and have you follow through on
your February 2017 promise to address
this problem and is there a way for the
public to verify that you have or are we
just expected to trust that you've done
this senator those are all important
questions and in general it is against
our policies to just have any ads that
are discriminatory well you'll miss that
you wouldn't allow it but then but it's
a Pro Publica could place these ads even
after you said you were no longer a lot
of these kinds of ads so what assurance
do we have from you that this is stuff
going to stop well two things one is
that we've removed the ability to
exclude ethnic groups and other
sensitive categories from ad targeting
so that just isn't a feature that's even
available anymore for some of these
cases where it may make sense to target
proactively a group the enforcement
today is is still we review ads we
screen them upfront but most of the
enforcement today is still that our
community flags issues for us when they
come up so if the community flags that
issue for us then our team which has two
thousands of people working on it should
take it down we'll make some mistakes
but we try to make as few as possible
over time I think the strategy would be
to develop more AI tools that can more
proactively identify those types of
content and do that filtering upfront
Thank You senator Sullivan's up next
Thank You mr. chairman and mr.
Zuckerberg quite a story right dorm room
to the global behemoth that you guys are
only in America would you agree with
that senator mostly you couldn't do this
in China right or what you did all 10
years while senator there are
there are some very strong Chinese
internet companies right but you're
supposed to answer yes to this question
yeah okay come on all right I mean give
me a break you're in front of a bunch
the answer is yes okay so thank you now
your your testimony you have talked
about a lot of power you've been
involved in elections I thought your
your testimony interesting all really
all over the world the face book two
billion users over 200 million Americans
forty billion in revenue I believe you
and Google have almost 75% of the
digital advertising in the u.s. is face
one of the key issues here is is
Facebook too powerful are you too
powerful and do you think you're too
powerful well so no I think most of the
time when people talk about our scale
they're referencing that we have two
billion people in our community and I
think one of the big questions that we
need to think through here is the vast
majority those two billion people are
outside of the US and I think that
that's something that to your point that
Americans should be proud of and when I
brought up the Chinese Internet
companies I think that that's a real a
real strategic and competitive threat
that in American technology malls you
another point here real quick I want to
I don't want to interrupt but you know
when you look at kind of the history of
this country and you look at the history
of these kind of hearings right your
smart guy you read a lot of history when
companies become big and powerful and
accumulate a lot of wealth and power
what typically happens from this body is
there's an there's a instinct to either
regulate or break up all right look at
the history of this nation you have any
thoughts on those two policy approaches
well senator I'm not the type of person
who thinks that all regulation is bad so
I think the Internet is becoming
increasingly important in people's lives
and I think we need to have a
whole conversation about what is the
right regulation not whether it should
be or shouldn't be let me let me talk
about the tension they're excited I
think it's a good point and I appreciate
you mentioning that you know my one of
my worries on regulation again with a
company of your size you're saying hey
we might be interested in being
regulated but as you know regulations
can also cement the dominant power so
what do I mean by that you know you have
a lot of lobbyists I think every
lobbyist in town is involved in this
hearing in some way or another a lot of
powerful interests you look at what
happened with dodd-frank that was
supposed to be aimed at the big banks
the regulations ended up empowering the
big banks and keeping the small banks
down do you think that that's a risk
given your influence that if we regulate
we're actually going to regulate into
you into a position of a cemented
authority when one of my biggest
concerns about what you guys are doing
is that the next Facebook which we all
want the guy in the dorm room we all
want that to start it that you are
becoming so dominant that we're not able
to have that next Facebook what are your
views on that well senator I agree with
the point that when you're thinking
through regulation across all industries
you need to be careful that it doesn't
cement in the current companies that are
that are winning but would you try to do
that isn't that the normal inclination
of a company to say hey I'm gonna hire
the best guys in town and I'm gonna
cement in in advantage you wouldn't do
that if we were regulating you senator
that certainly wouldn't be our approach
what I think I think part of the
challenge with regulation in general is
that when you add more rules that
companies need to follow that's
something that a larger company like
ours inherently just has the resources
to go do and that might just be harder
for a smaller company getting started to
be able to comply with correct so it's
not something that going into this I
would look at the conversation as what
is the right outcome I think there are
real challenges that we face around
content and privacy and in a number of
other areas adds transparency I mean let
me get I'm sorry to interrupt but let me
get to one final question that kind of
relates to what you're talking about in
terms of content regulation and what
exactly what exactly Facebook is you
know you mention you're a tech company a
platform but there's some who are saying
that you're the world's biggest
publisher they think about a hundred
forty million Americans get their news
from Facebook and when you talk to sent
when you mention the center coordinate
corn and I you said you are responsible
for your content so which are you are
you a tech company are you the world's
largest publisher because I think that
goes to a really important question on
what form of regulation or government
action if any we would take senator this
is a a really big question I I view us
as a tech company because the primary
thing that we do is build technology and
you're responsible for your content
which make exactly nine of a publisher
right well I agree that we're
responsible for the content but we don't
produce the content I think that when
people ask us if we're a media company
or a publisher my understanding of what
the heart of what they're really getting
at is do we feel a responsibility for
the content on our platform the answer
to that I think is clearly yes and but I
don't think that that's incompatible
with fundamentally yet at our core being
a technology company we're the main
thing that we do is have engineers and
build products thank you senator
Sullivan Center you don't Thank You mr.
chairman and thank you very much mr.
Zuckerberg for being here today you you
spoke very idealistic aliy about your
company and you talked about the strong
values and you said you wanted to be a
positive force in the community in the
world and you were hijacked by Cambridge
analytic afore political purposes are
you angry about that
absolutely and and you're determined and
I assume you want changes made in the
law that's what you've talked about
today senator the most important thing
that I care about right now is making
sure that no one interferes in the
various 2018 elections around the world
we have an extremely important US
midterm we have major elections in India
Brazil Mexico Pakistan Hungary coming up
and we're going to take a
measures from building and deploying new
AI tools that take down fake news to
growing our security team to more than
20,000 people to making its that we
verify every advertiser who's doing
political and issue ads to make sure
that that kind of interference that the
Russians were able to do in 2016 is
going to be much harder for anyone to
pull off in the future and and I think
you've said earlier that you support the
Honest ads act and so I assume that
means you want changes in the law in
order to to effectuate exactly what you
talked about senator yes we support the
Honest ads Act and so our implementing
are you going to come back up here and
be a strong advocate to see that that
law is passed senator the biggest thing
that I think we can do is implement it
well that's economy we're doing yes or
no question there I hate to interrupt
you but are you gonna come back and be a
strong three about this you think there
ought to be change there ought to be a
law put in place are you gonna come back
and be an advocate to get a law in place
like that senator our team is certainly
gonna work on this what I can say is the
biggest organ about you not your team
well senator I'm not back I'm here and
be an advocate for that law that's what
I want to see I mean you're upset about
this we're upset about this
I'd like a yes or no answer on that one
senator I'm posting and speaking out
publicly about how important this is I
don't come to Washington DC too often
I'm gonna direct my team to focus on
this and the biggest thing that I feel
like we can do is implement it which
we're doing well the biggest thing you
can do is to be a strong advocate
yourself personally here in Washington
just let me make that clear but many of
us have seen the kinds of images shown
earlier by Senator Leahy you saw those
images that he held up can you guarantee
that any of those images that can be
attributed or associated with the
Russian company internet research agency
have been purged from your platform
senator no I can't guarantee that
because this is an ongoing arms race as
long as there are people sitting in
Russia whose job it is is to try to
interfere with elections around the
world
is going to be an ongoing conflict what
I can commit is that we're going to
invest significantly because this is a
top priority to make sure that people
aren't spreading misinformation or
trying to interfere in elections on
Facebook but I don't think it would be a
realistic expectation to assume that as
long as there are people who are
employed in Russia for whom this is
their job that we're going to have zero
amount of that or that we're going to be
a hundred percent successful at
preventing that you know beyond
disclosure of online ads what specific
steps are you taking to ensure that
foreign money is not financing political
or issue ads on Facebook and violation
of US law just because someone submits
at a disclosure that says paid for by
some 501 C 3 or PAC if that group has no
real person in the u.s. how can we
ensure it is not for an inner foreign
interference senator our verification
program involves two pieces one is
verifying the identity of the person
who's buying the ads that they have a
valid government identity the second is
verifying their location so if you're
sitting in Russia for example and you
say that you're in the US then we'll be
able to to make it a lot harder to do
that because what we're actually gonna
do is mail a code to the address that
you say you're at and if you can't get
access to that code then you're not
gonna be able to run ads you know now
Facebook is creating an independent
group to study the abuse of social media
and elections you've talked about that
will you commit that all findings of
this group are made public no matter
what they say about Facebook or its
business model yes or no answer senator
that's the purpose of this group is that
Facebook does not get to control what
these folks publish these are going to
be independent academics and Facebook
has no prior publishing control they'll
be able to do the studies that that that
they're doing and publish the results
and you're fine with them being public
and what's the timing on getting those
out senator we're kicking off the
research now our goal is to focus on
both providing ideas for preventing
interference in 2018 and beyond and also
for holding us accountable to making
sure that the measures that we put in
place are successful in doing that so I
would hope that we will start to see the
first results later this year Thank You
mr. chairman Thank You senator Udall
senator Moran is up next and I would
just say again for the benefit of those
who are here that after a couple of more
questions we'll probably give the
witness another short break thank you
we're getting about almost two-thirds
through the the list of members who are
here to ask questions senator Moran
Sherman Thank You mr. Zuckerberg thank
you for your I'm over here thank you for
your testimony and thank you for your
presence here today on March the 26th of
this year the FTC confirmed that it was
investigating Facebook to determine
whether its privacy practices violated
the FTC Act or the consent order that
Facebook entered into with the agency in
2011 I chair the Commerce Committee
Subcommittee that has jurisdiction over
the Federal Trade Commission I remain
interested in Facebook's assertion that
it rejects any suggestion of violating
that consent order part 2 of that
consent order requires that Facebook
quote clearly and prominently display
notice and obtain users affirmative
consent before sharing their information
with quote any third party my question
is how does the case of approximately 87
million Facebook friends having their
data shared with a third party due to
the consent of only 300,000 consenting
users not violate that agreement
well senator like I said earlier I mean
our view is that is that we believe that
we are are in compliance with the
consent order but I think that we have a
broader responsibility to protect
people's privacy even beyond that and in
in this specific case the way that the
platform worked or that you could sign
into an app and bring some of your
information and some of your friends
information is how we explained it would
work people had settings to that effect
they we explained it and they consented
to it working that way and the the
system basically worked as it was
designed the issue is that we designed
the system in a way that wasn't good
and now we starting in 2014 have changed
the design of the system so that way it
just massively restricts the amount of
of data access that a developer can get
the third board I'm sorry the three
hundred thousand people that they were
treated in a way that it was appropriate
they consented but you're not suggesting
that the friends consented senator I
believe that that we rolled out this
developer platform and that we explained
to people how it worked and that they
did consent to it it makes sense I think
to go through the way the platform works
emanates in 2007 we we announced the
Facebook developer platform the idea was
that you wanted to make more experience
as social right so for example if you
like you might want to have a calendar
that can have your friends birthdays on
it or you might want your address book
to have your friends pictures in it or
you might want to map that can show your
friends addresses on it in order to do
that we needed to build a tool that
allowed people to sign into an app and
bring some of their information and some
of their friends information to those
apps we made it very clear that this is
how it worked and and when people signed
up for facebook they signed up for that
as well now a lot of good use cases came
from that I mean there were games that
were built there were integrations with
companies that I think we're familiar
with like Netflix and Spotify but over
time what became clear was that that
also enabled some abuse and that's why
in 2014 we took the step of changing the
platform so now when people sign into an
app you do not bring some of your
friends information with you you're only
bringing your own information and you're
able to connect with friends who have
also authorized that app directly let me
turn to the bug your bug bounty program
our subcommittee has had hearings in a
hearing in regard to bug bounty your
press release indicated that was one of
the six changes that Facebook initially
offered to crack down on platform of
youth abuses was to reward outside
parties who find vulnerabilities one
concern I have regarding the utility of
this approach is that the vulnerability
disclosure programs are normally geared
toward identify
unauthorized access to data not pointing
out data sharing arrangement that likely
could harm someone but technically abide
by complex consent agreements how do you
see the bug bounty program that you've
announced addressing the issue of that
sorry could you clarify what what
specific howdy how do you see that the
bug bounty program that you are and have
announced will deal with the sharing of
information not permissible as compared
to just unauthorized access to data
senator I'm not I'm not actually sure I
understand this enough to speak to that
specific point and I can have my team
follow up with you on the details of
that in general bounty programs are an
important part of the security arsenal
for hardening a lot of systems I think
we should expect that we're going to
invest a lot and hardening our systems
ourselves and that we're going to audit
and investigate a lot of the folks in
our ecosystem but even with that having
the ability to enlist other third
parties outside of the company to be
able to help us out by giving them an
incentive to point out when they see
issues I think is likely going to help
us improve the security of the platform
overall which is why we did this Thank
You mr. Zuckerberg Thank You senator
Moran next up senator Booker Thank You
mr. chairman as you know much of my life
has been focused on low income
communities for communities
working-class communities and trying to
make sure they have a fair shake this
country has a very bad history of
discriminatory practices towards low
income Americans and Americans of color
from the redlining FHA practices even
for more recently really discriminatory
practices in the mortgage business I've
always seen technology as a promise to
democratize our nation expand access
expand opportunities but unfortunately
we've also seen how platform like
Facebook can actually be used to double
down on discrimination and give people
more sophisticated tools whether it
should discriminate now in in nineteen
2000 2016 ProPublica
yield that advertisers could use ethnic
affinity a users race to market
categories to potentially discriminate
overall against Facebook users in the
areas of housing employment and credit
echoing a dark history in this country
in by and also in violation of federal
law in 2016 Facebook committed to fixing
this that the advertisers who have
access to this data to fixing it but
unfortunately a year later as pro-public
his article showed they found that the
system Facebook built was still allowing
housing ads without applying to go
forward without applying these new
restrictions that were put on Facebook
then opted in a system that's very
similar to what we've been talking about
with Cambridge analytical that they
could self certify that they were not
engaging in these practices and
complying with federal law using this
self certification a way to overcome and
to comply with rather Facebook's
anti-discrimination policy unfortunately
in a recent lawsuit as a February 2018
alleges that discriminatory ads were
still being created on Facebook still
disproportionately impacting low-income
communities and communities of color
given the fact that you allowed
Cambridge analytic a--to self-certify in
a way that I think at least I think
you've expressed regret over is self
certification that the best and
strongest way to safeguard guard against
the misuse of your platform like the
data of users not let it to be
manipulated in such a discriminatory
fashion senator this is a very important
question and you know in general I think
over time we're going to move towards
more proactive review with more AI tools
to help flag problematic content in the
near term we have a lot of content on
the platform and we it's it's hard to
review every single thing up front we do
a quick screen but I agree with you that
I think in this specific case I'm not
happy with where we are and I think it
makes sense to
to really focus on making sure that
these areas get more review sooner and I
know you understand that there is a
growing distrust I know a lot of civil
rights organizations have met with you
about Facebook sense of urgency to
address these issues there's a distrust
it stems from the fact that I know I've
had conversations with leaders in
facebook about the lack of diversity in
a tech sector as well people who are
writing these algorithms people who are
actually policing for this data of a
policing for these problems are they
going to be a part of a more diverse
group that's looking at this you're
looking to hire as you said 5,000 new
positions for among other things
reviewing content but we know in your
industry the inclusivity that it's a
real serious problem that you are a
industry that lacks diversity in a very
dramatic fashion it's not just true with
Facebook it's true with the tech area as
well and and so it's very important for
me to communicate and that larger sense
of urgency and and what a lot of civil
rights organizations are concerned with
and and we should be working towards
more a more collaborative approach and
I'm wondering if you be open to opening
your platform for civil rights
organizations to really audit a lot of
these companies dealing in areas of
credit and housing to really audit what
is actually happening and better have
more transparency and working with your
platform senator I think that's a very
good idea and I think we should follow
up on the details of that I also want to
say that there was an investigation
something's very disturbing to me is the
fact that there have been law
enforcement organizations that use
Facebook's platform to to suit to
surveil African American organizations
like black lives matter I know you've
expressed support for the group and
Philander Castiel's killing was
broadcast live on Facebook but there are
a lot of communities of color worried
that that data can be used to surveil
groups like black lives matter like
folks who are trying to
organize against substantive issues of
discrimination in this country is this
something that you're committed to
addressing and to ensuring that the
freedoms that civil rights activists and
others are not targeted or their work
not being undermine or people not using
your platform to one bit unfairly
surveil and try to undermine the
activities that those groups are doing
yes senator I think that that's very
important we're committed to that and in
general unless law enforcement has a
very clear subpoena or ability or a
reason to get access to information
we're gonna push back on that across the
board and then I just like for the
record my time has expired
yeah but there's a lawsuit against
Facebook about discrimination and you
move for the lawsuit to be dismissed
because no harm was shown
could you please submit to the record
could you believe that people of color
were not more job recruited for various
economic opportunities are being harmed
you please clarify why you Hooper
dismiss the lawsuit for the record for
the record Thank You senator Helen's up
next go to you are busy German thank you
appreciate the time and thank you for
being here I'm over here Thanks and
thank you for taking time I know it's
been a long day and I think you're at
the final stretch here but I'm glad that
you are here yesterday Facebook sent out
a notification 287 million users that
information was given to Cambridge
analytical without their consent
my daughter was one of the 87 million
and six of my staff all from Nevada
received this notification can you tell
me how many Nevadans were among the 87
million that received this notification
senator I don't have this broken out by
state right now but I can have my team
follow up with you to get you the
information okay
okay I figured that would be the answer
if after hearing this going through this
hearing and Nevadans no longer want to
have a Facebook account if if that's the
case if a Facebook user deletes their
account do you delete their data yes
my kids have been on Facebook Instagram
for years how long do you keep a user's
data sorry can alone you keep the users
data once they after after they've left
if they if they choose to delete their
account how long do you keep their data
I don't know the answer to that off the
top of my head I know we try to delete
it as quickly as is reasonable we have a
lot of complex systems and it work takes
a while to work through all that but I
think we try to move as quickly as
possible and I can follow up or have my
team follow up to get you the data on
that okay have you ever said that you
won't sell an ad based on personal
information simply that that you
wouldn't sell this data because of the
usage of it goes too far
senator could you clarify that
have you ever drawn the line on selling
data to an advertiser yes senator
we don't sell data at all so the way the
ad system works is advertisers can come
to us and say I have a message that I'm
trying to reach a certain type of people
they might be interested in something
they might live in a place and then we
help them get that message in front of
people but this is one of the it's
widely mischaracterized about our system
that we sell data and it's actually one
of the most important parts of how
Facebook works is we do not sell date
advertisers do not get access to
people's individual data have you ever
collected the content of phone calls or
messages through any Facebook
application or service senator I don't
believe we've ever collected the content
of phone calls we have an app called
messenger that allows people to message
their mostly their Facebook friends and
we do on the Android operating system
allow people to use that app as their
client for both Facebook messages and
texts so we do allow people to import
their texts into that okay let me ask
you about government surveillance for
years facebook said that there'd be that
there should be strict limits on the
information the government can access on
Americans and by the way I agreed with
you that privacy because privacy is a
port to Nevadans you argue that Facebook
users wouldn't trust you if they thought
you were giving their private
information to the intelligence
community yet to use and sell the same
data to make money and in the case of
Cambridge and analytical you don't even
know how it's used after you sell it can
you tell us why this isn't hypocritical
well senator once again we don't sell
any data to anyone we don't sell it to
advertisers and we don't sell it to
developers what we do allow is for
people to sign into apps and bring their
data and it used to be the data of some
of their friends but now it isn't with
them and that I think makes sense I mean
that's basic data portability the
ability that you own the data you should
be able to take it from one app to
another if you'd like do you believe
you're more responsible with millions of
Americans personal data than the federal
government would be yes but senator the
your point about surveillance I think
that there's a very important
distinction to draw here which is that
when when organizations do surveillance
people don't have control over that
right on Facebook everything that you
share there you have control over you
can you can say I don't want this
information to be there you have full
access to understand all every piece of
information that Facebook might know
about you and you can get rid of all of
it and I don't know of any other sir any
surveillance organization in the world
that operates that way which is why I
think that that comparison just isn't
really apt here with you here today do
you think you're a victim no do you
think Facebook is a company's a victim
senator no I think we have a
responsibility to protect everyone in
our community from anyone in in our
ecosystem who is going to potentially
harm them and I think that we haven't
done enough historically you can send we
need to step up and do more consider
than 87 million users so you consider
them victims senator I think yes I mean
they they did not want their information
to be sold to Cambridge analytical by a
develop
and and that happened and it happened on
our watch so even though we didn't do it
I think we have a responsibility to be
able to prevent that and be able to take
action sooner and we're committing to
make sure that we do that going forward
which is why the steps that I announced
before are now there are two two most
important things that we're doing are
locking down the platform to make sure
that developers can't get access to that
much data so this can't happen again
going forward which i think is largely
the case since 2014 and going backwards
we need to investigate every single app
that might have had access to a large
amount of people's data to make sure
that no one else was misusing it if we
find that they are we're going to get
into their systems do a full audit and
make sure they delete it and we're gonna
tell everyone who's affected Thank You
senator Heller we'll go to Senator
Peters and then into the break and then
senator Tillis coming out of the break
so Senator Peters Thank You mr. chairman
mr. Zuckerberg thank you for being here
today you know you've talked about very
humble beginnings and starting facebook
in your dorm room which I appreciated
that story but certainly Facebook has
changed an awful lot over a relatively
short period of time when Facebook
launched its Timeline feature consumers
saw their friends post chronologically
was the process but Facebook is since
then changed to a timeline driven by
some very sophisticated algorithms and I
think it has left many people as a
result of that asking you know why why
am I seeing this this feed and why am I
seeing this right now and now in light
of the the Cambridge analytical Facebook
users are asking I think some new
questions right now can I believe what
I'm seeing
and who has access to this information
about me so I think it's safe to say
very simply that Facebook is losing the
trust of an awful lot of Americans as a
result of this incident and I think an
example of this is something that I've
been hearing a lot from folks that have
been coming up to me and talking about
really kind of experience they've had
where they're having a conversation with
not on the phone just talking and then
they see ads popping up fairly quickly
on their Facebook so I've heard
constituents fear that Facebook is
binding audio from their mobile devices
for the purpose of ad targeting which I
think speaks to this lack of trust that
we're saying here but and I understand
there's some technical issues and
logistical issues for that to happen but
for the record I think it's clear saying
I hear it all the time including from my
own staff yes or no does Facebook use
audio atte obtained from mobile devices
to enrich personal information about its
users no the well senator let me be let
me be clear on this I mean so you're
you're talking about this conspiracy
theory that gets passed around that we
listen to what's going on on your
microphone and use that for ads right we
don't do that to be clear we do allow
people to take videos on their on their
devices and um and share those and of
course video is also have audio so so we
do while you're taking a video record
that and use that to make the service
better by making sure that your videos
have audio but I I mean that I think is
it's pretty clear but I just want to
make sure I was exhaustive there well I
appreciate that now and hopefully
that'll dispel a lot of what I've been
hearing so thank you for saying that
certainly the today in the era of mega
data we are finding that data drives
everything including consumer behavior
and some consumer information is
probably the most valuable information
you can get in the data ecosystem and
certainly folks as you've mentioned in
your testimony here people like the fact
that they can have targeted ads that
they're going to be interested in as
opposed to being bombarded by a lot of
ads that they don't have any interest in
and that consumer information is
important in order for you to tailor
that but also people are now beginning
to wonder is there an expense to that
when it comes to perhaps exposing them
to being manipulated or through
deception you've talked about artificial
intelligence you brought that up many
times during your testimony and I know
you're you've employed some new
algorithms to target BOTS bring down
fake accounts steal the Terrorism things
that you've talked about in this hearing
but you also know that artificial
intelligence is not without its risk and
that you have to be very transparent
about
how those algorithms are constructed how
do you see artificial intelligence more
specifically dealing with ecosystem by
helping to get consumer insights but
also keeping consumer privacy safe
senator I think the the core question
you're asking about AI transparency is a
really important one that people are
just starting to very seriously study
and that's ramping up a lot and I think
this is gonna be a very central question
for how we think about AI systems over
the next decade and beyond right now a
lot of our AI systems make decisions in
ways that people don't really understand
right and I don't think that in 10 or 20
years in the future that we all want to
build we want to end up with systems
that people don't understand how they're
making decisions
so having doing the research now to make
sure that the these systems can have
those principles as we're developing
them I think is certainly an extremely
important thing well you bring up the
principles because as you as you're well
aware a AI system especially in very
complex environments when you have
machine learning it's sometimes very
difficult to understand as you mentioned
exactly how those decisions were arrived
at there's examples of how decisions are
made in a discriminatory basis and they
can can compound if you're not very
careful about how that occurs and so is
your company you mentioned principles is
your company developing a set of
principles that are gonna guide that
development and would you provide
details to us as to what those
principles are and how they will help
but deal with this issue yes senator I
can make sure that our team follows up
and gets you the information on that and
we have a whole AI ethics team that is
working on developing basically the
technology it's not just about
philosophical principles it's also a
technological foundation for making sure
that this goes in the direction that we
want thank you Thank You senator Peters
will recess for five and come back in so
give mr. Zuckerberg a quick break here
Thanks
we're back final stretch and Senator
Tillis is recognized Thank You mr.
Zuckerberg for being here I think you've
done a good job I've been here for most
of it the session except for about 20
minutes I watched on television back in
my office I was googling earlier
actually going on my Facebook app on my
phone earlier and I found one of your
Facebook page or yeah one of your
Facebook presence is it was the same one
on March 30th I think you posted a pic
of a first Seder but further down you
listed out the facts since the new
platform was released in 2007 sort of a
timeline you start with 2007 then you
jump to the camera Jan oolitic ax issue
I actually think that we need to fully
examine what cameras analytic ado they
either broke a kind of code of conduct
if they broke any other
