first protesters have been burning
barricades while police have fired tear
gas near the French city of Nantes
that's as a standoff by environmentalist
continues for a second day police have
been trying to evict protesters from
their camp and RT is Charlotte Dubinski
was caught up in the action you can see
that we've just had teargas fired into
this camp as they're trying to move this
ad demonstrators away and that's because
just in the foreground bit difficult see
behind some of the smoke are some of the
structures some people have been living
in some protesters have been living on
this site since 2008 they say it's their
land and they want to stay and we've
been speaking to one a young mother
who's got a 15 month old son who's been
living here for seven years and this is
what she told us about her thoughts on
losing her house which looks like it's
next in line to be demolished
I think I'm pushing away any kind of
real emotional attachment to the
buildings right now maybe I'll cry later
but for me we're all in this together
and build create crushing a building on
the desert is crushing and building on
those ads I think I cried first online I
think I cried for posh word and for me
it just means that we have less
buildings for all of us together and
that's the shame I don't think I want to
particularly attach a sentimental
attachment and these buildings to
because I happen to live here I have a
15 month-old child he lives here as well
and he's not here right now because
because there's some horrible people
throwing tear gas at us well the tear
gas has continued to rain down here on
day two and just behind me you can see
that they're actually just soaring down
a tree anything that they can do they're
bringing doors in now anything they can
do to barricade themselves in from the
police to defend this land this land
that they say is their land to defend
the police are just about a hundred
meters down in the distance red staff
are waiting for whether they're going to
charge forward the police are now trying
to push everybody away a tactic that
we've seen earlier in the day where they
utilized by getting rid of all of the
sadness all the activists
well the protesters are so desperate to
hold on to this grand there's one person
behind me who's actually just grabbing
it as small pebbles and mud to be able
to fling that at the officers we
actually saw some people flinging or mud
directly at officers yesterday
we're just gonna try and get a little
bit closer down you might be able to see
somebody there one of the saddest
activists throwing projectiles
this is bottles glass bottles plastic
bottles as well as bricks towards the
CRS and there you can see where we're
getting some things thrown back at them
that would be some tear gas going off
there Dan you can hear it it's quite
loud it's Faye Larry and that tear gas
couldn't reach really far probably about
a hundred and fifty meters when it is
fired the police the CRS have a lot of
work to do if their aims to razor this
entire site is to take place it's
unlikely it's going to be finished today
because the sod resistance is very
strong but we know that the force of the
police is also there around two and a
half thousand Chand armory are here and
that the government is determined that
this will be once and for all the end of
Zandt
