Hungary's Prime Minister is celebrating
today a crushing general election
victory his ruling coalition secured a
two-thirds majority in parliament with a
record turnout of almost 70 percent
addressing supporters viktor orbán said
the result gives him now the opportunity
to defend his country regarding the
results I can tell you dear friends that
it was a big battle and we've gained a
decisive victory we've created the
opportunity for ourselves to defend the
country our country Hungary is still not
where we would like it to be but it's
already started along a path it chose
for itself we're going to move together
this way well all band strong anti
migration stance has won support from
anti-establishment parties across Europe
but not from EU officials or vote
shortly on whether to strip the Budapest
of its EU voting rights well let's get
some reaction now from Martin Keown
Yoshi he's an MP in foreign affairs
chair at Hungary's at right wing your
big party and yeah you're very welcome I
understand your party came second in the
election we'll come on to that shortly
but first of all how surprised perhaps
were you by all bands margin of victory
yesterday
well after after long campaign which
started sometime in 2014 or 2015 at a
time when migration peaked in Hungary
this anti migration campaign was
basically migration as such was singled
out as a single topic for this election
and it's quite sad to see that no other
topics could come to the agenda I mean
at a time when hundreds of thousands of
Hungarians are leaving for Western
Europe for better opportunities when a
health and education system is crumbling
in this country there is an enormous
shortage of skilled labor migration can
dominate as a topic of course we we are
aware that this is an important topic
but it is quite sad to see that no other
issues could enter the agenda
this in this electro campaign and it
seemed to have brought the results for
the governing party with regard to what
happens next with the EU particularly
because the EU has seen a lot of tension
between itself and Hungary and the
run-up to this election do you think
that tension is now set to get worse
well absolutely I mean I think once you
are through it's such a hysterical
campaign that Fidesz has basically
conducted I think you you it has
received the the feedback from the
population that this is the right way to
go and I think we would all be surprised
if Viktor orbán would back down from
this strategy I think he's just going to
push it further and he's not going to be
scared off by by by perhaps increasing
the tension between other Western
countries or other European countries
and Hungary I think he's just going to
push this strategy further what does he
have much support for one of his sort of
election platforms and that was to
outlaw take action against civic groups
were supported by George Soros and
perhaps seen as Pro migrant groups do
you think that he will have much support
for his initiative now to try and take
action against civic groups in Hungary
who was supported by George Soros and
support migrants well look I mean all
these issues were of course on the
agenda I mean they were at the centre of
the communication of Fidesz and the
government so I mean all these issues
the anti NGO laws the an TCE you know
the anti the stop Sirach law was already
in the well it was already on the agenda
prior to the elections and there are
already rumors that the government is
going to push it through the Parliament
once the Parliament six so I mean I
think he is going to he's going to
continue with this with this topic with
this agenda
and that there is going to be very
little to stop him
just very quickly Marcin I understand
your party came second here can you
offer much opposition in Parliament so
Viktor orbán's party well there are
going to be four opposition parties in
Parliament two left-leaning parties the
Socialists and the Democratic coalition
politics can be different and of course
you're big you're big has run second but
of course we are facing a two-thirds
majority once again we have experienced
that already twice in the role between
2010 and 14 and since 2014
it is quite tough but I think we do have
to bring back common sense to political
to the political arena in Hungary and we
do have to do what an opposition has to
do in such a situation okay well it
really nice to talk to you and we
appreciate your time this afternoon that
was Martin G on your sheet and MP in
foreign affairs chairman at Hungary's
right-wing your big party thank you
