Israeli authorities have blocked two
advertisements urging female passengers
not to change their seats on planes if
asked to do so by ultra-orthodox Jewish
men the men refused to sit next to women
because of their strict religious
beliefs billboards in Tel Aviv Airport
word you to go up during the Passover
holiday saying ladies please take your
seat and keep it we spoke to the
director of the Israeli religious Action
Center the group behind the campaign and
what we wanted to do this Passover this
month is Passover it's a big holiday
here in Israel and a lot of people are
travelling wanted to hang the poster
which is basically a public service
announcement and letting women know if
their rights as passengers and we were
denied by the Israel Airport Authority
we wanted to pay for it it's a it's a
publicity ad they just said that the
campaign was not authorized and when we
turned to the media when the media asked
them they said that it was a non
inflammatory but it was a controversial
campaign it they didn't want it to be in
the airport in recent years there have
been a number of disputes between female
passengers and ultra-orthodox men some
have even led to flight delays and
cancellations one case in particular hit
headlines last year when a court ruled
in favor of an 83 year old Holocaust
survivor who felt humiliated after she
was asked to change her seat Rena
Rabinowitz a retired lawyer agreed to
move but sued Israel's national airline
for discrimination the Israel religious
Action Center again released a video
explaining what rights women have in
this situation there's a growing trend
of her any man who simply refused to sit
next to women on planes the holiday
demands that the female passenger will
move or else he won't sit down instead
of telling the man to sit down
the woman has dealt with severe peer
pressure by fellow passengers and the
flight attendants until she gives up and
moves
per seat and I first I want to make sure
that we don't generalize it's not all or
for Orthodox Jews who behave this way
but some do we think that that's
bullying you think that the airlines
should be very very clear saying if you
have not arranged you're sitting with
before the before boarding then you have
to either take your seat or get off the
plane and you're not going to be
compensated
