the presidents have gone are announced
on Thursday that the US will not be
offered a military base in the West
African country has not offered a
military base and will not offer a
military base to the United States of
America well the statement comes after
mass protests in Ghana's capital Accra
against the military deal with the US
the demonstrators were worried such an
agreement would give Washington too much
influence over the country's sovereignty
artis Igor's Donald looks at how the US
and other nations have been trying to
gain a stronger foothold in the
continent Uncle Sam is wooing Africa
boasting about their strong historical
bond a family tree Washington's key
argument is a 7,000 strong core of
soldiers scattered all across the
continent the impression this map makes
is unambiguous Africa is no one's
playpen but America's this impression is
wrong though in fact many African
nations prefer relations not secured by
the US dollar and Ghana is the latest
country on the u.s. troublemaker list
and for Washington it couldn't have come
at a worse time the Pentagon understands
hearts and minds are there for the
taking
external actors may diminish US
influence by undermining our development
and diplomatic efforts in Africa
nonetheless as the strategic environment
becomes more crowded and competitive our
engagement with external actors like
China and Russia will continue with an
open and clear discussion of
intersecting interests and differences
Beijing is clearly stepping on
American's toes in Africa Chinese firms
have invested billions of dollars into
the continents infrastructure their
contribution has been the catalyst for a
continental free trade area somewhat
equivalent to the European Union but
much bigger soft powers got Washington
in a twist with sale pitches attempting
to undermine China's expansion in Africa
partnered with African countries by
incentivizing good governance to meet
long-term security and development goals
this stands in stark contrast to China's
approach which encourages dependency
using opaque contracts
predatory loan practices and corrupt
deals Rex Tillerson then Washington's
chief emissary went on a charm offensive
to Africa back in March his trip
coincided with russia's Foreign Minister
Sergei Lavrov visit a clear sign Moscow
is steadfast to do business with Africa
too there are diplomatic marathon across
the continent set off from the same
hotel in theo pia but there's no
indication whether Rex Tillerson managed
to tip the balance of power during the
visit after all why would anyone listen
to a man who was shown the door the day
he returned to American shores if I were
a betting man I would bet that the
United States would lose the competition
not only with China but with Russia and
Turkey perhaps even with friends I say
that because in part the United States
has a very arrogant attitude that it
takes towards people from Africa and
that's to set aside which is if United
States does not have the economic or
financial wherewithal to compete with
China in any case and then finally there
is gross alienation on the African
continent with regards to u.s.
interference in the internal affairs of
African continents all in all I would
say that the United States prospects in
Africa going forward or rather poor
