celebration will go on for 40 days now
the major part not all but the major
part of a Roman Catholic Church and the
Church of England the Australians and
India some of you are Thrax in fact in
Finland and in Estonia it's it as well
as the Armenian Apostolic Church
Catholic Church they celebrated Easter
last Sunday but the Eastern Orthodox
Church as a whole the Greeks the
Romanians the Antiochian the Russians
Ukrainians as well as the cops be with
you the Syriac Christian worship they
celebrate Easter today these sermons and
we addressed formal address of victory
the primate of the Sirius was Christian
a patriarch is calling the resurrections
the main event in mankind's history
seekers rules Christ's resurrection an
ultimate victory over death evil over
the father world it is achieved by rule
of Moscow and all Russia enthroned in
this Cathedral February the 1st 2009 the
patriarch is rightly addressing the fact
that for any Christian the idea that God
not have seen the God incarnate son of
God Jesus Christ going through the pain
and suffering for the sake of mankind is
being bound huge later through this yeah
to the resurrection I see you travelling
death by death and who's showing
that's news they do through his
sacrifice because we have hope
can we have a chance and we have the
more withstand evil mood to fight evil
to satisfies our selves our toast our
lives are worthy salvation and follow
because we are saved by the blood of
Christ that is probably the most
significant sweetie was ransomed by
Christ's blood as we have the moral
situation to love to change leading up
for the better
notwithstanding doing that the fact that
evil can be overwhelming at times when
you must strive to fight a rebel at a by
day giving resnick almost bcnf restore
the establishment was the future Kenseth
congratulating us with the great
greatest feasts this be the image of
Jesus rising from the - in other words
the themes of Easter yes that's a late
18th century Christ's resurrection the
Easter edition I have two different
variations about that because we leave a
like those depicted we have the rising
from the Christ rising from the truth as
shown here just showing Christ's
personal triumph over death and in the
other variation which we might see is
the harrowing of Hades of Christ coming
down into the depths of the kingdom of
death knocking down in stores you saw
but definitely never hold us again and
lifting as a sign of utmost forgiveness
of Manara
Easter God coming down to save eeper
fallen and through his sacrifice little
just save it for the sake of the sinner
so what a Parkway Resurrection Sunday
knowing in much of this angler section
from the Hebrew word Passover is also
named but which Jesus himself
Jewish Easter and German Austin named
after the pagan goddess
Esther of the many pagan traditions that
have become on Easter Sunday Christians
as you say celebrating Jesus's
resurrection on the third day after his
crucifixion it also marks the end of the
40 day period of penance yes Lent is a
preparation Korean basically in the
Catholic tradition we are obliged to
give up some one thing one particular
sin or some devotion to something very
temporal in the Eastern Orthodox
tradition the approach came gradually
much structure with the semi monastic
atrocious very strict dietary fast the
faithful are obliged tasting from meat
from dairy products from fish right now
debate some how that is appropriate in
the modern world for example
nevertheless it's a sign of utmost
devotion and a lot of thousands and
thousands and thousands of people follow
that 40 days landfill the dietary
obligations secondary because to give up
some device to be more than attentive to
God in your life to Christ in your life
eventually your neighbors now we are
seeing the beginning of the procession
we are seeing the tomb of Christ which
is right at the center of usually
surrounded by priests of the church in
the center we are seeing the key bearer
as he is known father mechanical Mikhail
Koltsov who is basically the rector of
the container crisis a phenomenal rector
is the patriarchy and this he is the
basic
locum tenens and rector of the parish
itself he's known as the key bearer that
glue Chad and he's sensing the symbolic
representation of Christ's tomb in the
Russian traditions just an asteroid and
by Christ at a beautiful other Eastern
traditions for example if you would
visit the Church of Jerusalem
the Cathedral of the Holy Sepulchre for
example you would see that the burial
shroud of Christ is covered with rose
petals and it's carried into the cell
culture the same is true for the Coptic
traditional version of the Orthodox in
Egypt we have the flowers the red and
now many people are you know quite well
let me say skeptical about the
veneration of icons I mean what's the
purpose why should we kiss boards and
kiss images and kiss their presentations
right well this shroud is probably the
most and best representation of what the
veneration I think actually is it's not
asking for miracles from me firstly
painted on a board to venerate to give
our love to give our respect to at least
a symbolic representation which we have
a link to living presence the faithful
come on Good Friday when is carried out
in the evening to the shroud you know we
cannot stand in Jerusalem at the place
for Christ's bodily we might be
thousands of miles away you know we
might not have that chance but we might
at least come to his symbolic
representation to his I can embroider
and kiss the dead body of our Savior
that is an absolutely beautiful
tradition whether recovered and flowers
a lot that is the utmost symbol of what
it's means of communication now they are
taking up the trust carry him to the
altar
the shroud will be placed on the altar
table yet because the off the table
itself represents the tomb of Christ but
during the Easter period for forty days
until the Feast of the Ascension of
Christ it would be placed right over the
altar so holds of fennel and represents
it will be placed in the altar this
place event about there's a high place
yes all the high places behind the
object on door do you know possibly the
way now the Royal doors of their classes
are locked because right now during the
nearest half hour the church itself the
altar and the church will represent the
closed doors of Christ's tomb
we are hearing via lord have mercy lord
have mercy lord have mercy child
KTLA census namely the majority of the
traditions agreed to the laughter the
capital D of Doc's traditions there's
people taking part in this ceremony the
patriarchal spoken a little bit about
the Archdeacon the Deacons the clergy
the choir the congregation what role
does each patient well as if any
Christian tradition of the year church
is considered to be you know the
congregation is considered to be a
church in its fullness when you have the
three levels of the three ranks it's the
now you're seeing lights when the church
went out afraid since the world is in
darkness of death
despair for Christians for the disciples
which was not even known as Christians
here and during this period during these
seconds these minutes before the start
of the Easter celebration the Paschal
celebration the church isn't shrouded in
darkness as the darkness of the premium
as the dawn I hate wasted shares the
kingdom of death and now they're seen as
the slit in the altar and the patriarch
just sensing the altar is going in
pursuing our hopes by CT reality
Yogi's can reach him Hamas it seola
great beyond Noah his cells in the altar
table from all sides then the world old
or so feet opened and the fire would be
given as a sign of resurrection as a
sign of all-inclusive accommodation from
Pascal neutrino that were just a minute
ultimately not local Apple ownership
army as Nam of Romania p.m. volt area do
Xavier stone steel such as Malaya
oscillation was place any Italia
Christian spicy m0 the part of his
traditional lives are not do every time
simply get to because I heard it is a
way to when the world goes silent and
the church is covered in darkness
yeah here you see these very think
lightly ultra everything climatology huh
and now he's a grand construction of the
pasta here is the main chances to go
dude feast fossil of history he has
achieved previous tasks you gotta go
home car now even feel the glass the
garage so poor decided for completeness
and that she will just hear it and then
I'll read the translation
the Irish ship oyster doctor bogus 40s
but doable even system Shearson past
logic was clear short was Buddha
in what universe these lights go back on
a society Christ's resurrection is a
sign of light going back coming back
into the world light as the light that
has never seen the scenes jewelry -
before election is a sign of Christ's
coming triumphant leading the people out
from the kingdom of generals and now he
will see the passing of the fire Douglas
lamb which is the holy fire as the
miraculous fire but a sense to the Holy
Sepulchre in Jerusalem and it was
carried from Judaism to Moscow and the
patriarch of light his candles and the
whole congregation will light his
candles from this fire which list
appears and comes down to the candle of
the Greek Orthodox Patriarch on
Jerusalem's the field has of the
patriarch of Jerusalem it's distributed
to the entire flock of the faithful in
Jerusalem a full of all nations of all
creeds come into the Holy Sepulcher to
Christ - then as transported to Greece
transported to Romania transported to
Georgia to all corners of Russia and to
Moscow
so the flock are actually the people
congregation are lighting the candles
from that fire
the procession starts the procession
that signifies the session to finish the
anointing of Christ Claudius remembering
Christ was buried in a hurry because the
Sabbath was to be observed by the people
in Jerusalem so Christ was taken down
from the cross cleansed annoying today
but not the whole ceremony was not
finished according to betrayed right the
preparation of the body so he was
basically they just finished partly
anointing him buried him in the
Trousdale of Martin all of the main
bearings women came to annoying body
when they came to the tomb they saw
either one angel or two angels sitting
are you looking for here and that's the
nuns embalm the body of guys these are
just announced everyone signifies two
women because the women were the first
witnesses of Christ's resurrection Mary
Magdalene was the first versions of the
risen Christ
in fact so
Vaska trigger support Israel is a double
prime of your resurrection Christ or
father to the angels sing' up in the
skies and here on earth to let us
glorify you apart but God arise to let
his enemies be scattered she was sacred
posture today for us to show us trust
fast in you and holy Paschal mystical
apostle venerable a pasta that is Christ
the Redeemer a pasta immaculate a great
pasta
' faithful the pasta that hath opens the
gates of paradise valueless a phosphor
that does sanctify all the faithful as
smoke vanishes so let them vanished come
from the vision of your women bearers of
good tidings and say yes I receive from
us the good tidings of the resurrection
of Christ
Jorn thyself exult and rejoice in
Jerusalem for thou hast seen Christ the
King come forth from the tomb like a
bright decision so let's sinners perish
at the presence of God
I love the righteous be glad the mere
bearing women of the deep dance can be
forgotten what the giver of life they
found an angel sitting upon the stone
and he's speaking to the Messiah's ycq
deliver multiplied was why would you the
incorruptible and that corruption this
go proclaim it to the disciples
this is the day the Lord has made let us
rejoice and be glad there in pasta the
beautiful pasta Deloitte's pasta pasta
Bienvenue but have dawned upon us
basking with joy let us rejoice when he
hasn't got pasta rice for sorrow from
the two least books today as from a guy
who chains Christ showed food and have
filled the women with joy say the
claimant of the apostles glory to the
Father and to the Son and to the Holy
Spirit both now and ever and unto ages
of Ages
amen if the day of the result it is the
day of the resurrection let us be
radiant for the feast and let us embrace
one another let us save rather and even
to them that hate us let us forgive all
the things for me the resurrection and
let us cry out Christ is risen from the
dead trampling down death by death and
upon those in the tombs bestowing
this chant we will hear over and over
again during the first part along with
the paschal us to hear us which also is
likely now dear friends dear brothers
and sisters we must remember that there
is actually a direct connection between
the Jewish feast of Passover which is
celebrated Jewish brethren and with the
Chris Christian feast of Easter there is
a direct connection for any Christian
duty between the old and the new
testament because what is celebrated
during jewish passenger just used feast
by me the fact that this last of the
plagues of egypt you know when it was
God took the life as a firstborn in
Egypt which covers their doors with the
glad of the sacrificial over is one of
the big past so very the female of
Israel's exactly the plague passed over
the people of Israel the people of
Israel were saved by the blood of the
sacrificial lamb ask God for tools and
the people of Israel that are slavery
into freedom as we see the promised land
very much a color of this celebration
the battle is sacrificial now exactly
and there the simple again is that you
know the people of Israel are coming to
just hold to freedom given to them by
cast out of slavery out of Darkness out
of one nations during the Testament
Exodus story
you all of him elegance all of humanity
because bharata's a cold sort of -
brought back to God brought back home to
eternal life brought back home to
incorruptible life filled with love and
harmony through Christ's blood through
the blood of the ultimate sacrificial
lamb the only sacrifice that does save
the world a profit cannot save the world
in the eyes of the Christians there is
something more a saint cannot save a
community of people not seasoned well
but God that becomes man this and dies
for this they can actually save us
transform us give us to be renewed
creation renewed through sacrifice
through the blood through this suffering
of the pure sacrificial lamb of Jesus
Christ New Testament Luke 24 women came
to the tomb bringing spices which they
had prepared but they found the stone
rolled away from the tomb and they went
in and did not find the body of the Lord
Jesus and it happened as they were
greatly perplexed about this behold two
men stood by them in shining garments
then as they were afraid and bowed their
faces to the earth they said to them why
do you seek the living among the dead he
is not here but his rhythmic least agree
thing as we come up to midnight just a
few minutes away spoken by the patriarch
Christ is risen and listen we will hear
the congregation reply truly He is risen
it is just possible actionable appear so
we must remember this ultimate you know
behind the glamorous services and behind
the beautiful cooking and behind the
children must remember that this piece
with all of the calendar differences
right some of the Christians just
celebrated last Sunday and continue
celebrating up to this day others are
just beginning we must remember whether
you're a Christian of the Gregorian
calendar or the Julian calendar it's the
resurrected Christ that unites us
calendars should not divide us so we are
rejoice as one we've rejoiced for our
Jewish brothers and sisters because they
are celebrating not embracing Christ
they still are celebrating the biblical
story of salvation from slavery they are
embracing the parable the prototype the
prophecy of the science and again it's
we all congratulate them as the common
great feast but we as Christians we must
celebrate graduation of the risen Lord
the Messiah that did caused you to save
earth Sh'ma Israel people the chosen
girls of God all of us mankind now the
doors of Cathedral are locked and they
signify again the closed tomb and before
the locked doors of the Cathedral
we hear the apostle to party on the
Kentuckian and apostles tahira which is
the main
chat which we already have heard of your
resurrection Christ or father do the
Angels thing up in the skies and here on
earth do bless us to glorify you with
the pure of heart
this is indeed a sacred moment because
at this very second all of the people
the patriarch the bishops the clergy the
monastics be faithful the whole
congregation standing before the doors
of the cathedral signifying represent
basically you really relive the
experience of the woman at the turn
before the agents now we are hearing the
first chanting of the pass fellows to
hear after Christ is risen from the dead
trampling down death by death and upon
those in the tombs bestowing life this
we will hear and chant and sing and
scream over and over and over again
during the forty days of the feast
because Paschal does last for 40 days is
it's to hear that it sounds like a
Russian word it's a Greek word is one of
the Greek word signifies signifying the
various types of liturgical chant so
we're gonna hear it over and over again
the men choir the women's choir gonna
sing it in different tones and different
variations
let God arise love his enemies be
scattered
Christ is risen from the dead trampling
down death by death and imposing origins
extolling life in the week bestow
Celestia click forms are not infallible
Batista's active Santa's nemesis OE
patty summoners in Church Slavonic this
toss was gracious mere to expire just
left after associations iced is busy
from the dead
this is actually the most multilingual
feast of all because we're going to hear
the gospel being read and if the Gospel
of John being read in different
languages during the service where when
the Eastern liturgy begins and obviously
the chanting of Christ has risen he is
also some people in all different
languages as well so it's those honesty
I lived on Celeste II as some Greek
brothers and sisters I'll say Christos
resurrect those fast paced wise to the
mysteries in Church Slavonic Russia
ukrainian bulgaria serbia normal to
slovonic languages see the patriarch
chanting and screaming out Christ is
risen and the people answering indeed
has risen or true he's dressed as
priests midnights here in Moscow the
doors of the cathedral are being altered
as a sign of the tomb not only of the
Christ's tomb but of the doors of Hades
the state of the eternal death which
found humanity after the father Steve
please opened up the mankind has a
chance to go back to eternity to go back
to eternal life death will never have
its holders truth and you see the
procession going into the cathedral
iridium or the hoods of Crimea he starts
by seated
this is the Cathedral of Christ the
Saviour yes we all know the Cathedral of
the Russian Orthodox Church Christ has
risen
or al maseeh come as our Arabic brothers
and sisters would say or Monsieur clown
sherry righteous as the Syriac would say
we must remember and our curse the most
part is suffering brothers or sisters
really suffering Christian churches Iraq
and Syria at least while going through
martyrdom daily trying circumstances and
yet tonight in Baghdad in this in
Damascus in the cities of in villages of
Syria and Iraq the Christians was some
gathered last Sunday some will gather
this Sunday rejoicing and defiantly
against all violence against all fours
of the world in its free market Christ
embracing their faith in Graceland
putting their hopes their parts survives
at the feet of the Messiah it was the
early Christian community of Mesopotamia
roughly modern-day Iraq and Syria as you
mentioned began the Easter tradition of
dying eggs red to represent the blood of
Jesus on the cross and as the procession
went outside you may have seen the large
red egg and also here in the center
bread egg with lettuce the post-crisis
resinous well actually it's interesting
that you brought this up now to the
Easter egg and actually that's another
connection between Passover and
Christian pasta or Easter because and
ancient Israel an egg would be seen as a
symbol of EU life and eggs are an
internal integral part of the
traditional food which we eat during
Jewish Passover right the American read
at the egg the lamb the herbs and so on
so the egg made this comeback into the
Christian tradition and according to a
legend it's in apocryphal
you know it's an apocryphal legend but
nevertheless who was the first witness
to the risen Christ went preaching
Christ's resurrection to the ends of the
earth and she found herself in Rome and
she wanted to see the emperor emperor
Tiberius and he would not be allowed to
come before the Emperor unless she
brought him a gift and she had nothing
so she took an egg
I said I'm bringing an egg to the
Emperor well she was allowed you know to
be mocked before his Imperial presence
and he said that when he heard her story
about the risen Christ he said a dead
man as a dead man and he'll not rise as
an egg is white the man would be dead
and as soon as he said that she gave him
the eigen it turns red so as the heir
the egg isn't it should be white with it
turns red a dead man should remain dead
the Huey
to life so I mean that is the legend
obviously there is probably just a much
more direct connection between the
Jewish tradition of you know eating eggs
and Passover and the Christian tradition
but the legend of Mary Magdalene and
emperor Tiberius is quite a beautiful
one and we have beautiful traditions of
dying eggs not only red red as the
dominant color but there are many
different types and you know the
Ukrainian and polish traditions you have
the key some key which are the decorated
painted beautiful hand-painted eggs of
various kind with various kinds of
ornamentations symbol or serve the empty
tomb from which Christ rose the egg on
Easter Sunday new life regeneration
Russian families come together on Holy
Saturday painting eggs and making cakes
preparing the Easter meal on good
Thursday that happens on good Thursday
on Thursday all of our moms and dads and
families you know gather together to
bake the Easter cakes the Greek and I
the eggs and obviously Good Friday is a
time of utmost suffering and pain and
remembering the passion of our Lord so
it's not about the cooking but then on a
good Saturday which is a terrific people
come into the church 2,000 people before
the churches to bless their eggs and
their Easter cakes and wine and all of
the treats them you know they've
prepared for the great food street food
and fasting oke association with Easter
many a fast many in Russia just outside
this building on Sunday to celebrate the
end of the fast will be unveiled a cool
each special russian easter cake
weighing a ton they cool each a lot like
an italian panettone one of the two
essentials of russian easter food so
complementing the coolidge and served
together to break the fast of the
midnight mass and the eucharist service
is the pasta made from dwara cottage
cheese colored white for
purity of Christ's wish things like
raisins and vanilla can be added so
traditionally in the shape of a
truncated pyramid against it to
represent the tomb of Christ and on the
bus harvest it's a small cake roughly
carved across and all the Russian
letters hv which you will see in many
places stanley of course because those
of us various christ is risen christ is
risen now we see we just saw the
President of Russia Vladimir Putin
standing with the Prime Minister and the
mayor of Moscow near the altar new
vehicle status it's quite an important
tradition that you know in the state
were in a country where Christians were
persecuted and witnessed one of the
worst genocides in history under Lenin
under Stalin under communism that
representatives of the state come to the
Cathedral during the main events and you
know it's quite interesting that in the
past years we began seeing this
tradition in Egypt for example President
al-sisi who is a Sisi who is a Muslim
but he began coming to the Coptic Church
during a pasta and during the Nativity
of Christ and standing there which the
previous presidents did not do as a sign
of support of the Christian minority is
a sign of you know the multicultural
nature of the Egyptian state which is a
wonderful wonderful symbol
like if they Christ to say the cathedral
yes the cathedral itself is you know a
symbol of the resurrection of the
freedom of religion in post-soviet
Russia now for those of our listeners
that are perhaps not as familiar with
the history of the Cathedral in such a
state that as you know Russia or the
major Grunch of the Napoleonic Wars
alongside the German lands Spain and
Russia constantly fought Napoleon's -
trying to counter his expansion in
Europe and the utmost point was the war
of 1812 when Napoleon at the head of a
huge alliance of farming of Nations
Italians Germans Austrians Spanish swish
Swiss Danish Norwegian even constrained
actually even cops
there was a small Coptic region which
completely five muskets s if they came
in and there was a major war this is
basically this was the world war of the
early nineteenth century Western Russia
was simply razed to the ground
it was razed to the ground Moscow was
occupied actually Napoleon even wanted
when he was retreating he ordered the
Kremlin to be blown up and part of the
towers actually and the even part of the
bell tower of Ivan the great all of them
were blown up but the Russians in the
end were successful counter to the
popular opinion which was popularized
even by the Duke of Wellington and by
the Prussians and by the Austrians the
Frenchmen did not freeze in in Moscow
because many people think that you know
the Russian that the French army that
Napoleon came in and he froze in
those January and February as the French
say it's flatly a friend well they did
not need generals January in February
because after the occupation of Moscow
Napoleon was successfully tactically and
strategically invited by the Russian
army under Field Marshal Kutuzov he was
retreating he left Moscow in September
he was retreating in October losing
battle after battle after battle snow
did not come until early December so
they did not freeze here they lost the
war because of the a tremendous effort
by the entire Russian nation and after
the victory of a Napoleon after the
Russians and their allies even marched
into Paris a decision was made one of
Emperor Alexander's generals proposed
for a cathedral to be built as a sign of
Thanksgiving to God this was a medieval
tradition a medieval tradition which had
not been seen for centuries since then
when as a sign of Thanksgiving people
would erect the church dedicated to
something some great event and Emperor
Alexander who first said ok we start the
building they start the construction but
originally the cathedral was not
supposed to be in that exact place it
was supposed to be not that far from
where the modern one of the Seven
Sisters in the Moscow State University
stands on the forum YAWEH mountains
sparrow hills on the sparrow hills
across was Moscow rivers but you know
the construction did not really go far
it dragged on fur on and on and on and
on and on and Alexander's successor
Nikolas the first our tallest emperor in
fact it was quite an orderly man he
completely razed the whole construction
site he decided to start over and the
architect Konstantin Tong built the will
he didn't build it he didn't live to see
its construction but he made the plan of
the modern Cathedral Nicholas the first
was so overly enthusiastic about the
project that he when he chose the new
spot
had a small problem there's a monastery
standing there a nunnery he ordered the
nunnery to be basically let's just say
blown up well he moved the nuns out the
whole thing was razed to the ground as
well and the construction of the new
cathedral began it went on for almost 60
years of almost 40 years almost 40 years
it was they began in 1839 that they
finished who consecrated it in 1883
so under four emperors basically the
whole thing went on Alexander the first
plan the first Cathedral Nikolas the
first began the construction of this
Cathedral his son basically alexander ii
saw the major part of the work being
complete and it was consecrated during
the coronation ceremony of alexander the
true history on Christmas Day 1812
Russian forces finally drove the
invading French army of Russian land and
the national manifest awarded quota to
signify our gratitude to divine
providence for saving russia and to
preserve the memory of the unheard of
efforts displayed by the russian people
we build a cathedral in honor of christ
the savior in our capital city of moscow
may the cathedral stand for many
centuries let the incense of
Thanksgiving together with love and a
desire to imitate our ancestors
achievements burn before the holy altar
of God for many generations steal
therefore has images honoring both lead
incredible victory saving Russia from a
foreign invader and also religious
symbol but of course the cathedral was
then destroyed on December 5th 1931 some
of the marble even used for musters the
metro stations in its place bizarrely
built the world's largest open-air
swimming pool yes n but actually what's
interesting is that when they finally
finished the cathedral in 1883 we can't
forgot to say that it became the tallest
building in Moscow for a while
and of course in 1931 Stalin ordered for
it to be destroyed but he did not plan
for a swimming pool to be placed in that
first of all the destruction of the
Cathedral was you know a one of the
worst things imaginable from mistake
right because it's not only an act of
violence against faith but it's also an
act of violence a barbaric act against
in memory of the soldiers and officers
who fought in the Napoleonic Wars
because this is a Memorial Cathedral on
the walls of the Cathedral in the
galleries you would see marble planks
were the names of the units of the
regiments of the officers who fought not
only in 1812 but in the previous
Napoleonic Wars and in the later daily
poem and of course all of their memories
are preserved and that could be their
memory their names their battles are
remembered in that Cathedral and to blow
it up it's like blowing up you know
arlington cemetery cemetery basically in
the US for example it's an absolutely
vile vile act well Stalin was one of the
most vile creatures in the mankind's
history despite the fact that some
people are beginning to venerate him all
over again and that's one of the most
troubling signs of our time and when you
know seeing the Cathedral of Christ the
Saviour we must remember that this is
one of the many signs of what that man
did the worst things obviously the
genocide against the peoples of the
Soviet Union the Russians Ukrainians the
Georgians genocide against Christians
against people of faith against people
that were simply against people but when
Stalin blew up the cathedral he planned
for the tallest building in the world to
be built over the cathedral the Palace
of the Soviets it was supposed to be a
towering structure with a 70 meter
statue of Lenin at the pinnacle
the problem is that the place where the
cathedral stands is right over the river
bank and there are a lot of underground
waters so when they began building they
couldn't even get you know the Ground
Zero kind of properly constructed
because of the flooding and everything
else and so in the end they found
themselves with an open-air swimming
pool that's the only thing that they
could put there and the rebuilding of
the Cathedral began in the 1990s after
the fall of communism and the
consecration of the cathedral took place
in 2001 so yes it is a symbol of the
resurrection of not only you know some
people think it's the sign of the
dominance of Orthodoxy of this one
particular faith over you know the
cultural landscape of modern-day Russia
I don't think that's the proper way to
think about it neither either for the
Orthodox or for anyone else it's a sign
of the triumph of the freedom of
religion in Russia after the soviet
persecution of faith from 1990 for more
than a million people around the world
donated to rebuild this Cathedral now
we're seeing the clergy enter the altar
and according to the Russian tradition
they will this is not found in the other
Orthodox churches where they just
continue serving in white in the Russian
tradition and this comes down to us from
the Imperial period they are going to
change their vestments right now from
the Paschal vigil down to when they
serve in white they're going to change
into red just like these two regular
just like the Easter egg and Mary
Magdalene's hands they will change their
vestments from white to blood red as a
sign of Christ's sacrifice in Christ's
resurrection
Solan must also remember that on this
day such celebrations are taking place
worldwide across the entire planet you
might imagine that we could be standing
right now in present-day Istanbul and
Constantinople and see the senior of the
patriarchs his all holiness patriarch
bartholomew preside over the service and
Saint George in the far north district
of Constantinople
we might be in Alexandria who might be
in Cairo where both the Greek Orthodox
and the Coptic Orthodox will serve along
with their patriarchs in Damascus begin
the ruins of Aleppo across the entire
ravaged land of Syria that beautiful
blessed land for which we must pray over
and over and over again reciting with
our Syrian brothers and sisters either
Sheikh Hakam cherry-red come or I'll
Musti come rockin car in Georgia
and let us extend our Paschal greeting
to the Georgians Christi ask God just
Marie tossed Gus Christ is risen truly
risen in the Balkans Serbia Romania
Bulgaria in actually all across North
and South America anywhere where you
would find a an Orthodox parish which is
the Eastern Orthodox oriental orthodoxy
will hear chanting you will see
processions with candles and you're
welcome to join into the celebration in
the overcrowded great cathedrals or
small kind of churches all over the
world in Tokyo for example in in Tokyo
in southeastern Asia
australia/oceania in in India many
people must remember that you know there
is a great grand traditional for
Christianity especially in southern
India where the Christians have been
around since the early since Late
Antiquity basically and they believe
that they've been around since the times
of Thomas Lee apostille they call
themselves the Martha MA Christians well
most of them celebrated the Sunday
according phosphor last Sunday but the
Malabar oriental Orthodox Christians
celebrated in the state of Kerala in the
Western Ghats in the very tip of the
peninsula was holy night hundreds of
millions of believers from the u.s. to
Africa Romanian serious Christian
Orthodox churches worldwide really sweet
old sob price nick of project
he turns to a terrorist rated D blog for
increased mobility
and seeing the deacon sensing the icon
of the resurrection of Christ here to
tell us what is being held in the hand
and swung them with the smoke coming out
that's the sensor you know since the
times of the ancient Mediterranean and
Eastern called spree Christian cults you
would have the tradition of you know
raising of instance of sensing in
devotion to the deities and that
naturally came in to Old Testament
Judaism and carried through to
Christianity right sensing lifting up
the incense or as the Coptic brothers
and sisters you know called their
evening services you know in the
Anglican tradition you would have the
even song we're singing to God in the
evening right and the cops would call it
actually the raising of instance so
sensing is a major integral part of any
Orthodox Eastern Orthodox oriental
Orthodox Coptic and Catholic services
the birth of Christ yes in the back in
the eastern wall behind the altar you're
seeing a painting not necessarily an I
could but rather a painting of Christ's
Nativity
now during this singing during this
beautiful chanting the clergy as I said
before are changing their investments
and they're going to go out under new
vestments in the red scarlet Vespers now
often me Christ is risen many many times
and the congregation allows my universe
creation Christ is risen indeed his
reason estos was crazy Eastern was crazy
Christos Anesti a little celestial mercy
from Hakan come Christian Scottish
marriage nasta one of the more elaborate
ones is the Iranian version this
Caesarea female words
acquire of the Christ the Savior
Cathedral fire representing the
congregation what language would they be
singing is it old Church Slavonic it's
Church long it's Church Slavonic even
though through a great feast such as
especially during pasta we might hear
small fragments of Greek and later on
during the liturgy as I said before we
will hear the reading of the Gospel of
John in all of the languages well not in
all languages but at least in now we're
seeing everyone there new vestments that
actually creates quite a fuss on the
altar I've been an orphan with myself in
this fuss well you know a lot of running
around and quickly change changing your
hierarch or your priests into different
vestments could you explain once again
why have they changed well this is the
more elaborate Imperial era Russian
innovation because in traditionally you
would continue serving in white and then
Byzantium you would in the Byzantine
original tradition you would usually
just you know have this change of color
from dark to white and throughout the
entire Easter period you would serve in
in in light tones and in light vestments
for example if you find yourself in a
Serbian or a Greek or and he okyun
Church would also see everyone continue
serving in white but the Russians during
the 18th century they began they began
slightly mimicking the Catholic
tradition with you know the purple as
the main color during Lent and the red
is the main color during years many of
the services in part of the possible
service so they began having this change
of color from from white to red
my video my session illogically Altaria
usually period like Chili's the last
name because was really idea review
typical is an ancient book describing
his song in the Orthodox Church some
from the Bible more recently there's
some very famous composers of church
choir compositions including Tchaikovsky
Rachmaninoff tell us about the Orthodox
chorus well the whore thrust Church has
a very very complex musical tradition
first of all the Byzantium traditional
would changed during the years and you
know we that's probably one of the more
mysterious chapters in our history
because music historians argue up to
this day what the original byzantine
chant was exactly like it's a very
complex tradition for example you know
we're used to the shifts between you
know major and minor and the more the
sadder melodies should be minor minor
tones and minor chords and the happier
ones should go in you know you you take
the music into the major fold right in
Byzantium it went the other way around
very often which is quite strange and
the tradition has been transforming I
mean the oldest melodies that are
recorded and that are actually written
down and decoded and known only date
back to the 14th century so we might
argue you know what was going on
beforehand and how oriental eyes that
all became then you would have various
traditions of old Russian chant in the
17th century we had we began having this
highly westernized influence go in
through the ukrainian choirs and through
belarus through the western lands which
during the moscow state and then since
the times of theatres the great our
church became increasingly westernized
and that's when you would have finally
the operatic kind of
polyphonic chant which came in and by
the Uniting century would have the great
composers such as muff ganske interest
nicole friend Tchaikovsky Rachmaninoff
join in composing their variations their
music for the liturgy and for the
services
actually it's interesting with regards
to chicken - Tchaikovsky and to the
Cathedral of Christ the Savior one of
the Tchaikovsky most famous pieces as
his 1812 symphony which is dedicated to
many people in the States think it's
about their war of 1812 no it's about
the Russian Napoleonic war of 1812
nevertheless the premiere of Tchaikovsky
Symphony took place from the Cathedral
of Christ the Savior within the walls
since it's the Memorial Cathedral and
it's that was quite an important event
in the late nineteenth century Russian
music culture but besides the Byzantine
tradition the Russian kind of operatic
tradition there is a whole other range
these traditions present in the Orthodox
Church we have the old Russian chant in
various waveforms as nom in their SKF as
it's known you have the beautiful
Georgian six tone chant which is unlike
anything you have ever really heard we
are having new ease of being written and
new nations and bracings you know your
thoughts Church and your truck's liturgy
with their own traditions for example I
can highly advise all of our friends and
all of our listeners to is to google and
find Orthodox services in Kenya or a new
ganda or in Tanzania which has sung in
Swahili and another languages and the
nations of Africa which are joining the
Orthodox Church the faithful from Africa
they're bringing their own tradition
they're dancing their Horrell traditions
there are musical traditions their
rhythm to the liturgy that's the beauty
of the that's the beauty of the visor at
the Catholic or the Orthodox Church
churches there's no single tradition all
nations are welcome all nations bring
their own a piece of their own soul a
piece of their own culture of their own
age into the church
you mentioned Byzantine and Byzantium
the major influences on this ceremony
Orthodox Church yourself what is
Byzantine and Byzantium what do they
mean
well as we know Christ was born in the
Roman Empire right he was born in Judea
present-day Israel but he was born in
the in the state you'd have known as the
Roman Empire and that was a very
significant element in the philosophy
and the thinking and even in the
theology of later day medieval
theologians and historians and political
thinkers that you know see Julius
Caesar's nephew ergonomy rather Augustus
joins all of the known lands of the
Mediterranean in this one great state
which becomes not a republic not a
dictatorship but an empire and when he
joins the nations together that's when
Christ comes into the world so that
really makes the Empire something very
special it makes it the even though the
Empire persecutes Christians
it's the territory where the church gets
a foothold where it church gets a chance
to spread throughout the world to spread
the gospel through the world and go
beyond the borders of the Empire as well
so on in the early fourth century as we
remember Emperor Constantine who finally
legalized as Christianity and we all
remember that Constantine was quite an
international figure Saint Constantine
the Great Constantine equal to the
Apostles born in Serbia proclaimed
Emperor in New York in England having
his great victory at Milton Bridge
bridge in the novella entitled Rome he
along with his Co and pearlescent lace
Aeneas they proclaimed Christianity this
is actually the third time that this
happened but you know they legalized
religion and the Christian state thus
Constantine began to be more and more
and more protective of Christians since
his mother was a Christian then he
became the first emperor who was
baptized even though he was baptized
12th day days before he died but still
nevertheless
the roman empire by the end of the fifth
century by the end of the fourth century
was split into two parts the eastern and
the western parts the eastern Roman
Empire and the Western Roman Empire
now the Western Roman empires remember
fell in the fifth century by 476 but the
eastern Roman Empire survived until the
15th century being taken over by the
Turks only in 1453 that's a very
important element and of course the
people who live there they spoke Greek
and only in the 17th century did their
German scholars find a name for these
predominantly Greek speaking Christian
peoples of the Eastern Roman Empire and
for that state they called it Byzantium
because you can stanton open the capital
of the empire of the eastern empire was
built over a small Greek city of
Byzantium so that's where since the 17th
century only do we get the terms
Byzantine art Byzantium the Byzantines
and the right the liturgical right the
tradition of the Empire of
Constantinople became the dominant
tradition of the east and that is the
tradition the liturgical tradition the
right of the Russians of the Romanians
of the weeks of the Georgians of Mania
the Syrians etc etc etc we're all part
of the Byzantine Rite he is reading the
great Byzantine texts again of the
Paschal homily of st. John Chrysostom
st. John Chrysostom was a native of
Syria from the city of Antioch now in
present-day
southeastern Turkey a great city which
was destroyed actually exactly 750 years
ago by the Saracen armies completely
razed to the grounds of the modern city
of Antalya stands in its place very very
few Christians without any of the great
monuments that existed after the Middle
Ages well st. John was
confirm that city where he was a priest
and placed on the throne of the
archbishop of constantinople and he
became the arch Bishop of Constantinople
the capital of the Eastern Roman Empire
and his brilliant sermon he was one of
the greatest greatest preachers in the
history of the Christian Church because
Saint John Chrysostom what his
Chrysostom means golden mouth so his
Paschal homily is read at every Easter
literature every year and I'll read the
English translation If any man be devout
and love God let him enjoy this fair and
radiant triumphal feast
If any man be a wise servant let him
rejoice the attention to the joy of his
Lord if any had labored long and fasting
let him now receive his recompense if
any have wrought from the first hour let
him today receive his just reward if any
have come at the third hour let him with
thankfulness keep the feast if any have
arrived at the sixth hour
let him have no misgivings because he
shall in no wise be deprived thereof if
any have delayed until the ninth hour
let him draw near fearing nothing if any
have tarried even until the eleventh
hour let him also not be alarmed at his
tardiness for the Lord who is jealous of
his honor will accept the last even as
the first he gives rest unto Him who
comes at the eleventh hour even as unto
Him who has wrought from the first hour
and he shows mercy from the last and he
cares for the first and to the one he
gives and upon the other he bestows
gifts and he both accepts the leaves and
welcomes the intention and honours the
acts and praises the offering
wherefore enter you into the joy of your
Lord and receive your reward both the
first and likewise the second your rich
and poor together hold high festival
your sober and your heedless honor the
day
rejoice today both you who have fasted
and you who have disregarded the fast
the table is fellated she steals
anxiously
the calf is fatted let no one go hungry
enjoy all the feast of faith receive you
all the riches of loving-kindness let no
one be well his poverty for the
universal kingdom has been revealed but
no one weep for his iniquities for part
has shone forth from the grave let no
one fear death for by the Savior's death
has set us free he that was held
prisoner of it has annihilated it he
that was held prisoner by death has
annihilated death by descending into
hell
he made hell captive he embittered it as
a taste at his flesh and Isaiah
foretelling this did cry health said he
was embittered when it encountered the
the lower regions
it was embittered for it was abolished
it was embittered for it was mocked it
was embittered for it was slain it was
headed for it was overthrown
it was embittered for it it was fettered
in Chains it took a body and then God
face to face took the earth and
encountered heaven
it took that which was seen and fell
upon the unseen Oh death where is your
sting
oh hell where is your victory Christ is
risen in your overthrown Christ is risen
and the demons are fallen Christ is
risen and the Angels rejoice Christ is
risen and life reigns Christ is risen
and not one dead remains in the grave
for Christ being risen from the dead has
become the firstfruits of those who have
fallen asleep to him be glory and
Dominion and two ages of Ages
amen so that was the Paschal homily of
st. John Chrysostom from the early 5th
century spoken and written down in the
early fifth century it resonates with us
up to this day and touches much deeper
than any modern days sermon by any
prelate or priest or bishop or patriarch
or Pope because Saint John Chrysostom
tells us the main great miracle of which
many of us might be tempted to forget
that you know we sometimes are so
self-righteous in our fasting and our
tradition and our belonging to the one
true church as everyone sees his own
tradition but we
must remember if we believe in Christ in
Christ as the Son of God in Christ as
the Son of God as their God incarnate in
Christ as the one who died for our
salvation we must welcome everywhere we
must share this feast with all of
mankind with those that fasted and with
those that did not fast with those that
are indoctrinated and with those that
are just making their first steps into
the church we are all the great
treasures of God that must be brought
together in love in respect in this
great great mystery because we are God's
greatest treasure for which he gives his
own life for which he gives his blood I
mean we're very emotional as in English
shame and save in many languages if
that's the Jewish word that always you
know the Hebrew word that means first
what has just been said should be so yes
so a principal speaker or singer will
pronounce something then the chorus will
respond yes
and again we're here in Christ is risen
from the dead trampling down death by
death and upon those in the tombs
bestowing life now we're seeing the
start of the phospho literature the
Easter Mass basically and we're seeing
the representatives of the other
churches present in Moscow we're seeing
as the head of the Catholic Archdiocese
of central Moscow and central Russia of
the Archdiocese of the Holy Virgin
Archbishop pile that see we're seeing
the Armenian Catholic commands right
father Petrus si on because there is a
huge thriving and wonderful Armenian
Catholic community central Russia has a
strong relationship with the Vatican and
the Orthodox Church with Catholicism
itself in its improving yes the the
relationship was hopefully improving it
was not always very fine but we're
seeing the Catholic archbishop and the
Armenian Catholic prelate and the church
is standing there with the
congregation's very important sign of
dialogue and unity three candles sound
across synthesis and candles the Father
the Son and the Holy Spirit yes now
we're seeing the patriarch and the
bishops and the clergy
proceeding to the center of the church
for the first part of the literature
again the Paschal liturgy is the eastern
Mass for our Western audience we will
start with veal it it's basically split
up into three parts the prosti media
which is the preparation of the bread
and the wine which is not seen by the
faithful then we are seeing the we are
seeing the procession of the patriarch
and clergy to the central
for the Liturgy of the word the liturgy
of the which is you know the service
which is aimed at the Word of God the
reading of the Gospels at the
contemplation of the Holy Scripture and
then we will see the liturgy of the
faithful which whose center is the
Eucharist the greatest sacrilege of the
offering of the bread and the wine image
is to become the body and blood of
Christ and the communion of the faithful
so basically that is the structure in
all of the adage is basically just
depends on how long they take different
rights and traditions we already spoke
of st. John Chrysostom
the main liturgy in the Byzantine Rite
common for all of the Orthodox and all
of the Greek Catholics is the liturgy
which is ascribed to st. John Chrysostom
the main Byzantine Rite liturgy which is
served today after a very long break
when it was not served during Great Lent
tonight ask a lady to be here in this
boss was crazy
he's so the first words of the liturgy
in the faithfulness master blessed
blessed as the kingdom his father's of
the Holy Spirit now 11 to Agee of Ages
and the service begins
sitting stop Danny Trejo sneaks me up to
give us Christian the chest you if there
is to it don't you see a killer gorilla
stove even a its esophagus peshitta de
Chirico Jenny coughs cause after him
Kristiana premature EDT she is telomere
yet he beat his knee of serious
destruction the bushiest course maya
nova sevilla some observed officio
Cristo but I won't die especially gold
Easter not the patriarch because
proceeding towards the option to sense
the altar the icons in the church and
people they obsess to do that off the
ocean as a sheriff says she registered
over Google say Daenerys a Christos
positive you don't don't
hasta la di da la pistola
Voltaire is inside giardiniera restore
macadam we should see that which needs a
recharge
now the altar table will be sensed on
all sides we're seeing the Christ shroud
in the center in the center of the altar
table it's an interesting tradition that
the original shroud of Christ the Shroud
of Turin was would be brought out in
Constantinople in the Church of the
mother of God of photos which would be
later destroyed by the Ottomans and in
the Byzantine times it would be lifted
up halfway so that basically would have
Christ's dead body placed erect so that
the faithful would see it and he would
have icons of Christ of Christ's dead
body half length you know the dead
Christ being a mounted image in the
church and this became more and more
popular by the 13th and 14th and 15th
centuries and that I can of Christ be
basically dead Christ lifted up or
painted on as a fresco on the wall or
being brought up as an icon so that the
faithful would have any rate it it was
known as the King of glory and that's a
very important symbol you know the dead
Christ is the king of glory a helpless
boy in the hands of his mother helpless
man
banded by almost all of his disciples a
dead breathless body of the God
incarnate is the king of glory because
through that death through his suffering
he saves us and that's why we rejoice in
his resurrection Christ is realism
indeed his lesson
now you asked me about the Byzantine
tradition since Constantinople was the
capital of the Byzantine or Eastern
Roman Empire a lot of the Imperial
traditions began to influence they began
to you know influence the way the church
services took place and a major part of
the Byzantine tradition is the grand
processions from the altar across the
church and back the small entrance the
grand entrance there were even more
processions in the medieval times but
now they kind of limited them to a
lesser number right now but still that's
a very very important element well some
of the imperial regalia also began to
influence the the way we clergy are
dressed for example after the form of
the Byzantine Empire the bishops in the
Eastern Orthodox Church and the
patriarchs began wearing late Byzantine
era crowns Imperial crowns which are the
are known as our miners now people have
come from across the country to
celebrate here million people will come
to this Cathedral it's estimated over
the weekend many Orthodox Church is
holding services
twice a day this weekend morning and
evening this Christ the Savior Cathedral
has been open since 8:00 a.m. on
Saturday morning across the land
performing services at this moment yes
there are thousands of churches across
the whole world celebrating I mean the
great cathedrals are the small churches
the monasteries the parishes repair
churches all over the world are filled
with faithful right now mentioned the
last time we were here at Christmas in
January 44 so Moscow used to be famous
for the number of churches 1,600
churches it was it had over 16 inches
wood it's not legend it's actually fact
that over 1600 churches many of which
including the Cathedral the original
Cathedral of Christ the Savior were
destroyed by the Communists
it's actually quite interesting that
Stalin even during the great rebuilding
of Moscow even wanted or at least
seriously contemplated the possibility
of destroying st. Basil's Cathedral
which is basically the most recognizable
Church of Russia but I must onion with
the famous colored onion domes the
beautiful 16th century Church actually 7
a complex of seven churches united into
one built at the order survived in the
four thousand deterrence about some
Basil's Cathedral what's its
significance well as you know in the in
1237 when the Russian the divided across
and principalities were at the height of
their cultural blossoming basically the
beautiful architecture and metalwork and
education and everything that you play
medieval state could even dream of a new
enemy appeared at our eastern borders
jingis hounds nephews had to brought the
Horde down on Eastern Europe and Ron
horn the Mongol horde and the Russian
cities were completely annihilated
raided and Russia fell under the Mongol
yoke as it was known under the it became
a vassal of the Horde and in the late
15th century Ivan the great Ivan the 3rd
overthrew the Mongol yoki finally
proclaimed Russia completely independent
state and won the standoff with the
Golden Horde as it was known with the
state in the East whose capital was the
city of Kazan and in 1552 Ivan the
Great's nephew the first Russians are
not necessarily found son Ivan the
Great's grandson Ivan the 4th Ivan the
Terrible as he would be later known the
first Russian czar first of all he
became the first Russian czar
plus he led his armies to the east and
they took the city of Kazan and
destroyed the got a golden horde and
since the taking of the city took place
during the Feast of the intercession of
the mother of God
when Ivan the Terrible moved back to
Moscow after that great victory after
Russia not only became free of the
former adversary but and conquered and
devoured it stayed he ordered for a
grand Cathedral to be played and built
outside the Kremlin walls on the Red
Square and to great architects barman
posting erected this grand Cathedral
dedicated to the Feast of the
intercession of the mother of God it was
not one church but seven colored
churches dedicated to the seven most
important feast days which fell on the
turning points in the campaign against
the Mongols against the Golden Horde so
they took the seven most important dates
saw which Saints was celebrated on that
day or what would feast day it was and
built his Grand complex which is now
known as st. Basil's well why is it
known as st. Basil's there was a famous
Saint in the times of Ivan the Terrible
who was a fool for Christ he went about
like a joker basically like a jester
dressed in nothing he was a nudist Saint
whether it was winter or summer you know
a man that was beaten up but he could
tell the truth to anyone including the
Tsar Saint Basil the fool for Christ and
he was he performed miracles in the name
of Christ and he was a completely
venerated wonderful eccentric figure and
when he died his body was brought and
buried outside right next to the wall of
the Cathedral of st. bitch of the
intersessional Cathedral and by the 17th
century the intercession Cathedral got
the same new name because of st. Basil's
relics now it's known as the Cathedral
of the intercession of the mother of God
and st. Basil's Cathedral so that's the
story
you're an expert on religious symmetry
some of these images are not standard
icons that you would see in many old
Russian Church of course not the
Cathedral of Christ the Savior both in
its original iteration and resurrected
state it's a 19th century monument again
the 18th century brought us classicists
international highly boring styles of
architecture right with all of the
squares and this pursued Oh Greek and
Roman imitation and all cathedrals built
like that across Europe but then since
the early 19th century when you would
have the Romantic era Europe began to
rediscover its medieval heritage whether
we would have the neo-gothic and me or
Emin Romanesque buildings in England and
Germany and later on in the United
States and in France and so on and so on
and so on the Russians also began to
rediscover their own roots but this was
a very long way off right so under
Nicolas the first you would have this
kind of attempt at rediscovering our
medieval heritage but blending it in
with contemporary academic painting and
then and architecture so you would have
this historic this historic style this
eclectic style in which the cathedral
was built and the wall paintings are
obviously all of the murals reflects
Romantic era academic western style
painting not traditional iconography
every Sunday in Russia known as a little
Easter in fact were Sunday in Russian
possibly senior resurrection as in the
resurrection of Christ within right here
yes on this day Russians remember 70
years ago to the first Easter service of
the Great Patriotic War it took place on
this occasion in 1942 witnesses tell how
churches in Moscow were filled to
overflowing services continued from 7:30
in the morning late afternoon due to a
huge number of people wishing to take
communion to get spiritual support in
the face of approaching Nazi forces east
of that year fell on the 5th of April as
the country marked the 700th anniversary
of the famous battle on the ice when the
Western troops of the northern Crusades
attempting to wipe out Orthodox
Christianity were finally stopped on
frozen lake to high pristine
significance of these two historic
Western invasions falling on the same
anniversary is not lost on
contemporaries and in blockaded
Leningrad Easter 1942 took place not at
night but five o'clock in the morning
due to bombing and other difficulties
from the siege
yes well we must remember that of course
the Russian did suffer from invasions
from the east and the west and Russia
launched invasions to the east and to
the west the Russian people did suffer
tremendously and all of the people of
the Soviet Union and the Russian Empire
suffered tremendously from the invasions
and through revolution from revolutions
and from communism and from Nazism it
was it was a horrible horrible chain of
trials basically throughout the 20th
century and of course the church gave
the people great comfort and relief as
far as possible as wasn't miracles the
days when during the height of communism
and during the struggle would be Nazi
invasion the communist leadership did
allow the church to kind of
rehabilitated stuff you know to at least
have some foothold and two churches were
reopened then people
were not persecuted for attending
churches for a very small period of time
but still they did give that respite
which is incredibly important now we're
seeing the lesser small small entrance
with the Gospels book which was carried
out signifying Christ who is going to
preach for three years before being
crucified patriarch holds two candles
crossed in one and three and the other
as we mentioned the two candles do they
symbolize the duality of Christ both
holy and human in one and the three the
Holy Trinity in the Christian concept of
God is three entities the Father the Son
and the Holy Spirit
yes the criterion and the deuterium the
three candles United signifying the Holy
Trinity and the two candles signifying
the two nature's of Christ the divine
and the human because again when we talk
about the Orthodox Catholic Lutheran
traditional the stolid concept of
Christianity of course we must respect
our differences in our beliefs and every
faith has its own value and it's solely
the path but what makes Christianity
unique unlike other Abrahamic religions
which embrace the idea of one God if an
other Abrahamic wasn't face-to-face
Islam Judaism
unlike Islam and Judaism where God is
one but God basically gives mankind laws
through prophets and demands for the
laws to be obeyed in Christianity God
becomes a man and instead of just giving
laws he gives an utmost sacrifice to
save the sinner God does not remain this
high being which just demands obedience
and you know grants gifts and
punishments God becomes the father that
gives His only Son for us to die to die
for the sinners to die for our sake and
God becomes the son which is given as
the sacrifice so basically in the you
know when encountering war and rape and
murder and suffering in it and all of
the horrible trials and tribulations
it's you know that fundamental question
what God would you rather live under the
God that just watches over and demands
obedience or the God that
leaves this world to its old laws that
He gave His only Son to suffer and to
die in this world so that we would all
have a chance for salvation that's the
fundamental question that is what is
celebrated during the service that is
what is celebrated during Easter we are
saved as the people of Israel was saved
by the blood of the Lamb by the one Lamb
of God by Christ
now the gospel is to be read it's very
important point that in the early church
three Gospels out of the four were meant
to mission eyes people and those were
the Synoptics Matthew Mark and Luke but
one gospel was not to be read to anyone
before his baptism that was the that was
the Gospel of John the last and the most
mystic of the Gospels and a catechumen
an unbaptized person was not supposed to
read or listen to the Gospel of John he
had no access to it and the Gospel of
John in the Eastern Orthodox tradition
in the Byzantine Rite right in the
Eastern Orthodox and Greek Catholic
churches is read only during the 40 days
of Pascal
that's the only time throughout the year
that is read and so he might ask why
obviously because that's the most
listing gospel plus that is also Easter
was the time when the catechumens the
ones that were preparing to embrace
baptism would be finally baptized so
Easter in the early Christian church was
the time when there would be no category
Cubans all would be baptized all would
embrace Christ and all could hear the
Gospel of John
pour vinegar Adam to his tea vinaigrette
become the spoon him
Pedrosa me right such selfish us always
positive I seen he really christo.pas
was like here iam I was across before
the congregation and he will now return
to the altar cuz blessing the
congregation as the vineyard as the
vineyard of Christ as the vineyard of
God planted by him one of the most
important symbols right the congregation
the church as a flock as a flock of
sheep or as the vineyard planted by
Christ which is to bear fruit for God's
glory and for God's sake now I was
talking about the fact that the catechu
know that the catechumens would be
unbaptized
catechumens are the people who were not
baptized yet but are going through
preparation to be baptized that are
about to embrace completely the
Christian faith and right now you are
hearing this chance that translation
would be understood as those who have
embraced Christ have put on Christ
hallelujah
that's the chant which actually would
signify the baptism of the people when a
person would be baptized so you embrace
Christ you put on Christ hallelujah we
are reborn in Christ so originally
during that part of the liturgy the
faithful
who would be just be baptized would be
led into the church now the Gospel
reading is to me read the patriarch is
standing behind the altar to the east of
the altar on the high seat the bishops
throne I've placed the sensation of the
sky on the heavens yes because the
bishop stands in the place of Christ
actually the original Byzantine Rite and
if you sometimes find yourself in some
of the Byzantine churches and Asia Minor
for example you would actually see that
the high seat was in fact high and when
the ecumenical patriarch would serve in
Constantinople for example idea Sofia
before it would be turned into a mosque
he would ascend to the steps way over
the altar and he would be visible to the
flock watching down on the people when
the cathedral was demolished in 1931 the
throne was kept and transferred to the
Trinity Cathedral in Petersburg and has
now been returned and in fact on 13 the
first 2009 the 16th patriarch of the
Russian Orthodox Church material as you
see there was - enthroned here and every
Orthodox temple has the high place and
the patriarch samba4 diem is being
brought up on the altar of the AMA for
ian's is the broad embroidered ribbon
this broad embroidered band of fabric
which is placed on the shoulders of the
patriarch of the Metropolitan or the
Archbishop of the bishop and that's the
symbol of the last sheet the reminder to
every patriarch every bishop church that
he stands in the place of the Good
Shepherd and that he must lay down his
life his soul in an attempt to bring
back the lost sheep of Christ not be the
pastor for the good flock that loves you
in respect to would be the bishop the
faster that goes out to save at least
one lost sheep like the ninety-nine
behind right the Shepherd who leaves his
flock of 99 sheep to find the one which
lost yes the parable of the lost sheep
in the Gospels of Matthew and actually
in Byzantine times this is another
important element the amma for ian's
would only be made from the wool of
lambs of pure lambs so it would always
be white with black process embroidered
so these would be people who haven't met
Christ or who are still living who left
the church who have not come to the
church who are doubtful of their ways
who are have major problems and so on
and so on and so on
after all God knows what's happening in
our souls right what crisis people are
living through there's a story about
this athonite monk there is the great
monastic republic on Mount in Greece on
Mount Athos on the peninsula where you
would have 20 with rocks monasteries
living as a semi-independent
Republic basically and there's a story
about a monk would be a raving alcoholic
it's 20 20th century story that you know
he'll hold out for a day or two and then
they would find him just completely
lying there in the puddles and the
streets as a complete mess and when
finally he died you know all of the his
fellow monks would be exhausted because
you know he really tried to do his best
for a day and then he'd be gone for a
week and us would go on and on and on
for many years when he died a very
respected holy elder came from the
Malvinas and the soldier said I came to
pray for him because a great fighter for
faith died a very pious man died in this
monastery in the father you're mistaken
it's just our horrible alcoholic priest
that died and we must place that God who
would have mercy for him right we
shouldn't we shouldn't pray for him I
mean
he's not worthy of you leading the
service
you're such respected elder and he said
you know nothing when he was a small boy
his parents would hide him when the
trucks would come into the village and
to keep him quiet and to keep him hidden
with the other children so that they
would not be taken they would give him
my key the Greek vodka so from his
childhood he was basically bound to
alcohol and it was not his fault
and being so addicted every day for him
was more than a year of sobriety for the
rest of you and what you saw was a
pathetic sinner what God saw was a great
battle so that is the important point
that is the last sheep you know as the
probably the greatest of the theologians
of theologian patriarchs of our time is
all holiness the Ecumenical Patriarch
Bartholomew says never allow yourself to
be resorted to anything less than a
mystery each person is a mystery each
person is an icon of God and if it's
perverted for various reasons we must
strive to bring it back to the light
that is the Christian wait that is the
Christian way the Gospels are broader
this is a special part of the Easter
service because the Gospel of John is
about to be read and it's going to be
read the first part of the Gospel of
John is too great and it's going to be
read in different languages languages
countries around the world with Orthodox
churches yes
these people have lined up
begins reading in Greek in church
that's how about star donnatella given
their session a chance doubling
emissivity toss me in given math we do
that even a child adults do sorry the
other didn't know even money sure level
hm I didn't know well each a miracle she
could move in a put each other key law
now in Russian no this is not obviously
Russian we're having different foods
they will end in Russian this is going
to be in one of the Indian languages in
fact although I'm not sure whether this
is Sanskrit or Malaya is slightly
delayed version of the one that we're
hearing just by a few what you're
hearing and all of the different
languages is the is the first chapter of
the Gospel of John in the beginning was
the word and the word was in gone with
God and the Word was God he was with God
in the beginning through him all things
were made without him nothing was made
that has been made in him was life and
that life was the light of all mankind
the light shines in darkness and the
darkness has not overcome it there was a
man sent from God whose name was John
he came as a witness to testify
concerning that light so that through
him all might believe he himself was not
the light he came only as a witness to
the light the true light that gives
light to everyone was coming into the
ptl's forward us create you raise me
more that's another very important
element when we come to the
understanding of Christ in the apostolic
Orthodox Catholic traditional Protestant
understanding that God is not making
some creature to die for our sake that
God sacrifices himself that's why we
have the Trinity three-in-one because
God needs to commune with someone God
needs to love someone and he's not just
you know whipping up some little
creature to die on the cross for our
sakes he gives up himself an integral
part of himself into the eternal world
beam toward eternal long us the eternal
son of God who becomes man who dies on
the cross and God inflicts upon himself
this double pain the pain of a son sent
to die by the father not daring to say
no and the pain of the father who
sacrifices his son that's another
element which we remember that you know
when I thinking about the mother of God
thinking about Mary when Christ was
crucified on the cross what did the
people see some saw another Jew being
killed by the Romans for God knows what
kind of rebellion or prophetic mission
or whatever they these people come up
with some saw a blasphemous person that
should have been killed being killed by
the pagans some saw a poor man being
executed some saw the Messiah the great
teacher the Messiah being murdered but
what did the mother of God see the
mother of God saw her little boy
suffocating on the cross as our mothers
and fathers they only see us as children
no matter how old we are she saw her
small child died her only voice and
that's also the pain of God
because because God the Father is
looking down that he's seeing his own
little boy his only begotten Son his
only son that has been with him that is
him dying he is feeling the double pain
he's the one that is sacrificing with
his heart breaking and he's the one that
is being sacrificed that is the utmost
suffering that one can imagine and that
is the suffering through which we are
saved this is the suffering not for the
pious not only for the pious but for the
worst sinners that is the suffering for
all of that
so your shows still possible Noah you
won Gideon but we have the key really
tricky Liam I see you
so we're seeing the final part of the
Gospel reading and the patriarchal once
again plus the complication with the
dick helium from the criterion
absolutely finding infinity and all the
dangers of Christ together a new hole
but it's about the gospel will be
brought back to the altar table all the
time or signify doesn't have a special
similar or the ultra table is the
holiest part of
entire church it signifies the tomb of
Christ signifies again the altar table
as in the pagan traditions in fact here
well these sacrifices would be offered
of the table so this is the table of
offering these sacrifice but in this
case the bloodless sacrifice the bread
and the wine which is to become the body
and blood of Christ of course in the
Christian traditions you would have this
whole thing about you know which way
should the the celebrating clergy faith
should they look to them towards the
east should they look towards the altar
with the back to the clergy or should
they lose face the people should be
faced to call a congregation of course
in the earliest church she would
actually feel sort of looking at the
people so the presiding officiating
clergyman the bishop would actually look
to worst people as Vatican's who have
changed from the Catholics themself but
the later traditions about the Catholics
and the Eastern Orthodox began kind of
worked in East dedicating everything to
God the Catholics turned around after
vatican ii after the is not a concern
a knee or thrust people serving a little
towards the east the altars of your
truck's church face the east because we
look into the direction where the Sun
comes up we look towards the dark
towards the new dot work towards the new
light
got meridiem but they are crazy well you
just great least you know ever since
their liturgy of the faithful has come
to an end the Liturgy of the word has
come to an end we are moving on to the
look to the Liturgy of the faithful the
holiest part of the liturgy which is
centered around the mystery of the
sacrament of the Eucharist Thanksgiving
the sacrament of Holy Communion when the
bread and wine offered is to become the
body and blood of Christ patriarch is
washing his hands as a sign again that
he approaches the altar with a pure
conscience with pure with this purity
the symbolic sign of purification
and the AMA for ian's of which we talked
about is late again on his shoulders
and now we are hearing the cherubic hymn
the cherubic hymn is one of the very
important elements in the Byzantine Rite
as you know the in Old Testament
prophecies in the Old Testament two days
we would have this complication of the
angels of various ranks of angels
especially the cherub and they set off
and in plural there would be the
cherubim or the hair of him and the
Seraphim and so in Christianity you'll
also have the same understanding of
angels as inherited from the Old
Testament and in Constantinople
originally in the original bison head
right as it existed before the end of
the sixth century the bread and the wine
would be carried into the church in
complete silence it would be brought
into the church as the catacombs left
after the Liturgy of the word in
complete silence they would proceed
towards the altar at the gifts the case
that on the altar now then in
Constantinople around 580 they decided
to celebrate it with the specialists
entrance with a special hem which was
known as which was known as that you
Rubik his nose and it's basically it
compares this procession that's bringing
out of the body and blood of Christ
which were are about to see or rather
the bread and the wine which is to
become the body and blood of Christ it
compares it with Christ triumphantly
marching as the Emperor as the Emperor
heads marching entering the city with
his forces on the spears and shields of
his heavenly hosts
keep my things know that the patriarch
is about to as the grand entrance
completely is about after such things we
will take the chalice and he will begin
the collaboration of all of the fourth
rocks primates the leaders of all of the
local Orthodox churches across the world
world as a sign that the Russian
Orthodox Church is not just a separate
Church not a separate entity it's part
of the universal Orthodox Church and the
patriarch Kirill he's not the leader of
the Orthodox Church she's just one of
the bishops one of the patriarchs so his
naming his of holiness the Ecumenical
Patriarch Bartholomew here his beatitude
Pope and patriarch Theodorus of
Alexandria pitcher john of antioch
attract the office of jerusalem
patriarch católicos
patriarchy has a special title of
georgia ilia ii patriarch Irenaeus of
serbia patriarch daniel of romania
patriarch near feet of bulgaria the
archbishop release estamos of cyprus the
artificial tyranny was of Athens the
basically the living Saints among the
patriarchs the archbishop
anastasius of Albania the man that led
the resurrection of the Orthodox Church
first in Kenya then an Albania Fridays
where the Communists completely wiped
out all religion and you know the Church
of Albania gave us two great the
Christians now really gave us two great
Saints Saints of our time
- Nacional artists who still with us
he's a Greek but he's the leader of the
Armenian Church and of course Mother
Teresa of Calcutta late in the Catholic
Church
then the commemoration ends with the
eventual Metropolitan salve of Warsaw
metropolitan Metropolitan love for the
Czech lands in Slovakia and utter
poverty in the Orthodox Church in
America after the commemoration the
procession moves on to the altar where
they would begin the enough for the
reading the prayers which lead to the
bread and the wine it's mystical to the
laying on of this brocade which is known
as the aya over the chalice signifiers
again Christ's body in the tomb in its
shroud weight
and another very important element of
the Easter liturgies world which will
carry out for 40 days as it's that every
in every single Orthodox Church the
Royal doors will remain open the entire
week the entire week of passes Gallup
are dying since the altars signifying
the tomb which is all food in the tomb
and their gates of the kingdom of death
which are open so that people are
leaving and going into eternity and the
tomb of Christ is open because he is not
there in the state of eternal life
and the faithful are devoutly waiting
for a chance to receive Holy Communion
which will take place after the clergy
take Holy Communion first approaching
Thunder people community of course
looking at this great holy moment it
doesn't matter where you have us whether
we have a silver sage standing before
the altar it doesn't matter if you have
a sinner of saint approaching the
chalice the most important thing is that
we must be united in our love and an
inner faith in the risen that we must
strive to be with each other in complete
honesty and in this unending hope
because the feast of Easter birthday is
the Feast of Hope the Feast of the
triumph of Hope of love and the
sacrifice that does save does bear fruit
the presence of Christ that we must
strive for in our lives every person has
been seen interesting you know when we
speak about the Year risen Lord when we
speak about Christ after his
resurrection because Christ you know not
many people recognized him see remember
after humans people have problems
recognizing him and celebrating posture
celebrating Easter being with our loved
ones being in our communities being in a
church we must remember that we must
search for the presence of the risen
Lord not only during a festive energy
but we must look for the presence of the
risen Christ in our every day
in our loved ones in some people that we
might not even like we must look for
Christ's manifestation for Christ's
presses for the image of the risen Lord
in everyone around us in some lonely
person that we don't really want to talk
to you in some person up here in the
state of conflict we must look for God's
image and we must all remember we have
hope because Christ lived for our sake
and our salvation and someone that we
might not even stand is made of the
image in likeness of Christ is made an
impression like a semi-hard
and it's washed by the blood as the
faithful are reciting the Nicene Creed
let us love each other let us celebrate
the coming of the reservoir let us wish
one another a blessed Easter whether you
began celebrating last Sunday for her
only beginning today and let us
wholeheartedly say christ is risen
christ is risen
Christos in the earth Xavier Italian via
Alma sitcom Seahawk I'm sorry right
Christos thinnest one but deep thinnest
one Christi obstacle just what it was
today
Christ is risen let us all set up that
connector most important part of the
service the Eucharist I've said in 1
Corinthians the cup of blessing which we
bless is it not the communion of the
blood of Christ the bread which we break
is it not the communion of the body of
bread and the wine Chancellor dr. James
sure if solution share with you give me
a lava Fergus was right here
schools for the national issue sorry
star you know people get saw a preacher
stares Watauga dukkha bougie soft see
before me now the patriarch is blessing
the flock the last time before the last
parts of the anaphora saying let us lift
up our hearts lift our hearts left at
the hearts to the last parts of the
flows to Kalamandir end after the
communion of the clergy the people who
finally approached me the chance
during this holiest part of the surface
perhaps it's better to just let it
slowly proceed until people and
listeners for children to just enjoy the
musical service of the prayer
swoosh every be a feast his trip Christ
it was no native continue enjoying this
ceremony thanks to you together with
your substance which
bring me to your teacher she is chill of
my year yes recipe like me my year was
Tommy yeah great cold but the new chief
operational PFC she is krausmeyer no
bogus I hate her
yes recipe is some Nagi asleep I my
foster year grey hole by me now you
should especially shows up if you Koreas
drop Krieger Blair was Cresselia nanny
Basava staff general I guess Louise she
gained here taro is love and I have a
couple faithful oh you're pretty nice
your shoe
gbmt biblical area below the rim gospel
hemolymph is abortion our
forgiveness without strategist
apostolate we miss pastrami table Guinea
affiliate mass no Abner Venus Malaysia
tisha
gospel intrepus photography bazooka
strategic support olive green is for
slowly table Guinea atomy Atmos
No Abner Venus Malaya Felicia
go specialist without that we wouldn't
treat each as a mouthful of dream is
Pilar a terrible edenia they meet nuts
no happiness money 50 sir
mr. Ferriero both Lipsy she snores EMF
restart waiver Iron Chef Geoffrey see
his new growth restart waiver private
reef do to him sweet him shiver they
stream in addition set o hadouken
solutions military tiles
Julio vino de Venezuela fajitas voiced
at retired Oscar go to home ratio
external secure network restore the
Pamir transport block was a swiss
produces various militias who were
usually verified ships proud safe but we
are also opposed very proper billions
evangelistic muchas asparagus was their
friendship we have certain do
supplieridnum
various consumption is very low price
which a priest a free blogging he saw a
body it's a now a burger or did say he
please no jb memory as we came across
appreciated his detail as with its love
matters environment apostle as we defuse
department staff I'm obsessed with it
played in Germany 20 Pasadena's border
before Evo sub-sahara years de los
glaciares reason evasion from you gospel
sweetie a ship reasonably deep at the
earth
see our galaxy a demon Alexia Krishna
permutation are both way better
Polytechnic Azima pretty ramus I'll
erase you you never see the forest even
when we fail or demerit I see Anna if
she didn't have a Pamina able to pack
away if he get appreciate it we thought
we go if you Molly be upon me I go
speedy pyaar ke T Scopes to promise love
for our privacy slow but resistant
circuitry speakers to appreciate the
artists of safety switch changes teach
him Yesha Pronovias various ratios food
web selenium hospital suborn airports
baskets early or Egyptian 30 Asia's name
Jesus deliver while above enemies
trainee inertia west iake Williams the
darting gospel if nearly Romania the
affinity fables modernity a persevere
but second blog HST a chest idea
Horace pomade busines be near chased
Beaudry martyrium and European música
but likely over tehre
Chiefs Turkish with similar audits
avestan e hardest what we were to each
of his Christian era young lower turmoil
I was crusceni is Sosa Christa
amigos psv ksatriya promise law de la
Jennifer he piss Kop a metropolitan
gyaku Episcopal province warning issued
our whiskey team to encircle military
chairs names bra with dog against
worship
Bravo private slower we is the pure
vapor many gospel even a coca Spadina
yatza Marshall gorilla
shhh ago Patriarca Moscow's grave CRC is
vertical civilization our command Rita a
votadoras tantrum circum merely say
which is the straw dog against Felicia
bravo Bravo
sOooo vato area East
he'd lost mommy you need some saliva
Chivas Parvati vicious no le Kalia you
see no evil st Villa kebab Olga is
personage ago Isuzu Krista Scioscia
Virginia guitars which it password Amir
Rama she just is laminar sub when I
shall appear table name Alicia
capricious Union attacked India which
names Islamic society for the neutral
party appointed members Pokemon ensure
first year creative spooning ensure you
show us ghost Pokemon himself
no no especially Manitoba's put in
Vietnamese a sanatorium no seriously
European blog the question is are you
not know where the limos here
yes our TOA Cielo is lava cuts icy nicey
Ataka touka Nene priest no Eva Vicki
Rico
he should rota meet each leukemia
general Naga see not where you go Jurgis
Levine you see so presbytery blocky
memory writes money and bitches Shayla
useless sweetie domina attitude oxy a
tasty prison card a Christian endurance
atropos Tokyo so I pass Lonnie a minuite
a hospice leader a chili spicy celebrity
Mia cometa wat that voice goes salt upon
la madone story tiene la historia de us
HMO assistance or do support I am
Matthias tree is per video a witch
Nevada remya Sasuke bharata-varsa a
voltar a breezeway magician in
Louisville stone Donna bas-relief you
create purpose hydration it's a skeleton
estate at currently
nakta or todas partes wave equation even
or odd creo ta da
Araya evaded money and bogus Iranian
Canada Volterra brains with precision
original original altar symbolism Sean's
crew on its own the gospel not an
average automobile tires were Hilary's
team who are Bible's original steel
espalier were in a position
which is Pascal is Naveen Yadavas
Christian bow Aristide shots a Razzie
award
we're superior
Pasolini csavr co-op owners a survey our
district
Hiba viscacha gospel diode non-linear do
the dehorning Abner Linea at cravat
poorly nice muscle choice carpaccio
Papa's Dana's Deborah Delaney kazahstan
available via mobile it a correlational
slew diem
whether Swami vedyam kakehashi but Hoyt
equanimous crusceni pistola Katerina who
answers yes for an example not unalloyed
it's a no solution he got very agitated
Cristo style
Pascal a bogus lasagna a Selena toughest
bestows basta Vasili waged by objective
of Khamenei Bastion
ich Austria apostasy Caribbean destiny
Buddhist world Sri Chinmoy if she pass
the news bicycle annoyed sweet lava
discretionary store not Sarita's armor
Satanist no idea as I reminisce we would
do home nor a sober Scania at Revati
over our way through it perhaps to agree
hiragana projector bascomb patria a
bruschetta suspicion l'm a solanum car
he passed ran past him the economy
Minaj's tuition if she in Vietnam
Chatham host a promise law etc at Abbas
Lonnie approach iterate so our shoe
Kurama hospital Islamic South Korea she
won is this Crimea christosp excellent
an attacker bullet ablution or
yes period at Paseo Vesna scenario so
again Alice Lamia previous to de Braga
was gossip Christos was Christian contra
child voice universe creation civilities
to Jerusalem
so our vo us kristinia Cristo Amina was
Christian give Lynette Oldham come
Christian school
autumn a video a GPS cop Sinagua key
Sergey Kovalev on da baggage
Pascal past release material Petraeus
comma scopes color if CEOs
Pascal napus Lamia Patriarca Moscow
Skagen if CR you see gorilla bas Lublin
go speedy our cheapest any switches
named Priscilla 3G Akane Bogle obv ena
ena kini Draghi bra TCS tree
Christo's miscreation a tiara españa
Nagas really radicchio bastarz Ahmad
Grabbe special service previous regime
original Thursday me Slava me a pastrami
Oh sprays new comprise Negev pathway
gasp owed me Naomi preservation ability
purveyor nabilla ketosis Paducah yay
general Mason borzi Prasad Sameer
preacher PFS trade honest Myrna
Christian vileynye Matson eBay's Nava
pappadimos novice Todd Groban Isuzu as
crius implication as mere Spadaro
Juan vázquez Dorado itself Selenia gas
port Oprah's new ad hoc aldolase de
Avila issue itas reversal chelovek led
by BA daba asana business CB d souza
christophe Couture mmmm ESCO play micro
we go Ypres Shanee agree ho
ba ba da Kristin as Mario Etta natalka
do corner no it is it scary Alice
gasp oh jeez who's this little novice
crias Salem ride especially via jay-z
Vova screams mere material Estonia
Brahimi character in the air above super
Christa stellaris genuine VegNews reason
dreary
at crave our seafood cannibal sarva
Bordeaux in so China
imagine a crystallization of stretchy
alle bestrid Anya yes Toronto does Villa
Capri vdk Scarborough Emerson kakapo
Gibbs Oh
tapas Chris en agosto Azusa smart
Bellini poggle a car cemetery episode
sweetie telephone a Sevilla key a Taniya
severe receive Oh Christopher aa smart
kognito nigh upon yahoshua
Tokido an emerald Ania Peggy bayaud nos
a vote esta noite Senate Lanham a
serious Christian yerkey primer heavily
Nam Nava Mussina kaiser Carrasco
Pastrana profess Paredes given C Gauguin
any Navy arived rosatom via Savoia
DiMarzio Ball super de Blasio resume
namah bhagwate Havana escape Richa
Chadda camphor aspersions a dog as a
Hobgoblin ritual in agronomy sense image
Levitas kava Bhatia
muche Niki a parsley a vital spatula
sleds apostille Anderson a viernes video
stream menageries Christo's
as mere mekinese Bhatia Jeremy EVM Tok
ABA's nyam
boxes dodo Susheela Becca leverage
nation car Kosta Nam poker run employee
to retrieve our signal nation needs
Toyota wholeness orchestras table
responds not preobrazhensky syllabus
astronaut oppresses Taruna series no
Pastrana period silver chain suburb
arrived
weighted mean data some Volvo kebap
repeatin nice chain is Ravina me Pascal
Narada CEO a Lobos in Malaysia Berhad
illness Lavazza Nicasio vasilevich
adapters sto Sivaji universe Vitas are
Nova pres neck are muy prison a metal
castle ovum no idea l'm obd tennis
vajayjay service at own volition Daria
Kotori pallucci Lulu D Series Vasquez /
gospel Asuza Padilla LMC Suraj America's
Navarre girls christo.pas Dharam marshal
aboard Sabo to ignominy oblivion sattva
rim Dubrow GM tono's diets ownership Oh
muchos any tolk attack blog a Darla
mastani I blog at Arnhem shares
impressive harvest herbs over at grow
bus passes most anonymous anonymous
worship service rep astronomer Tudor is
Naveen iam Eminem's a tsunami each area
of Sevilla give service Minnelli both
calcium naam surgeon ' a vast such
Vietnam prize Nakamoto a pasture the
North even or fabric van Rodney
previously Christos was creation
Kiril patriarch Mozgov ski if she ROC
voyagers cry - not a British in a
million
repeat
iago Sperry Sperry ocotilla Easton of
resource and bhaga bhaga preferred a
more gracious pasty I think superior yes
mas yeshivah Reata see some approaches
to La Brea CA some H is my craft wire
Malusi Oh booty be a familiar a Pristina
progressed a Nehemiah Valen Wallner
Yaroslava me as a geologist revenge in
Yemen evasion is Padova manias Austrian
approaches TTC produced acquaintance
whilst abrini agree Hoffman every
direction I mean they cherry tree a tiny
abort preachers iike me a preemie yeah
brag on to em Tonopah VM nil obsolete
Adamiak a Yoda no Icarus Boniface favor
do y prime enemy ago spotty bizarre
Street via de Neve sutulova sauce Dania
Giudice precision a sweet east-west ions
gospel a novel Selenia do free ET Allah
I mean PMO
pesto sauce pieces rear toe pad or a
British any media prescott o radicchio
eat suicides about Western a little gear
a Pascal neighbors for any action
dreaming about ho little console
vez que hace esto pasó en ellos nama
data wanna provide Cesario VAR CD das
can see on a vehicle tax Kozma patent
even owns de Lobos passes Prakash animo
owns disabled receiveth discern a
Casillas namashivaya all stays top Obama
god card o mo mu 0 from an Evo leader
giovanna's cambodian a savonia a teapot
no very acrid FeO idea choco Rihanna's
notorious suribabu I'd reject ordered
pair is new Spartacus a pas de Adagio
supreme over to Vanessa iglesia carros
de Blasio suppose a new bag of em Nemo
who divorced a certain sadness at
refus'd advocates of the Bobo et or
denim arena's leader he was a burrito
Tocqueville Gaspard de palma god
potential ebay on
dairy atom if she de at which a new boy
there are some hope career NHL schedule
flip nostril human pursuit near the
patches of projects to the passkey
circle fabric efficient Croatian state
Vinnitsa corner a garden Bridget
objective apology todavía political fish
to the average church especially Bridget
USD regional modest raddest poetry
bhujiya disposed nani Easton a modest
vez cristiano da matta my atom with the
country and renewal translate so Pascal
no bogus Iranian Islamic list especially
surprised a can see whoís
my major is Rita Lee Christos was crazy
