at least eight people including a child
and I thought to have been killed after
Israeli forces fired live ammunition at
protesters in Gaza the Palestinian
Health Ministry says more than a
thousand people have been injured
forty-eight children are among them the
unrest broke out as Palestinians resumed
their protest against what they call an
Israeli occupation our correspondents
have been reporting from both sides of
the Gaza border well now maybe 100
meters only far away from the fence you
can see the crowds you can see the
protesters more than hundred of
thousands Palestinians have been here
since the morning tensions are running
high right now the Israeli army started
to shoot randomly are getting injured
why the ambulances are here to protect
all the injuries that were now injured
from the Israeli army by live bullets
live ammunition and teargas canisters
this is one of the injuries that was
injured just right now from the rubber
bullets and the tear gas the Red Cross
ambulance and all the automatics are
trying to save other injuries
Palestinians are very close to the front
and now we are getting way back because
the Israeli army are are shooting
everyone who's getting new to the fence
the sky is grey of the tires the
Palestinian youth have been firing since
the morning and at the same time that
Israeli are we have been throwing tear
gas canisters and targeting the
Palestinians near the fence
as you see the Palestinian protesters
are running away from the tear gas
canisters that were thrown just right
now under protesters so these are
unexplored tear gas canisters that are
being targeted and shooted on the
Palestinian protesters thousands of
hundreds of Palestinians have been here
since the morning and we saw Palestinian
protesters burning you as flags and
Israeli flags and also saying slogans
against the Israelis and Americans since
the morning tension is running high
right now and Palestinians are still in
the field and still near the fence I'm
standing here on the Israeli side of the
Israel Gaza border where these plumes of
smoke are slowly making their way from
Gaza into Israel now there's a lot of
tear gas that's been fired into Gaza we
can hear the sound of teargas canisters
from here we can also hear the sign
sounds of bullets of course Israelis are
being accused by the international
community of using live fire on unarmed
protestors but the Israelis for their
side say that among these protestors are
hundreds of militants who are aiming at
them with Molotov cocktails and the like
I'm standing in a closed military zone
the Israelis have brought in
reinforcements there are tanks on the
border we're not allowed to go closer to
the border then where I'm actually
standing the Israeli snipers are also
aware that the Palestinians are using
pieces of mirrors to try and block their
vision and make it more difficult for
them we're also being told that should
the situation on the other side of the
border get too unruly the Israelis plan
on using sewage water to deal with the
people there so the situation here on
the border extremely tense and
unfortunately the number of casualties
expected to climb if not in the coming
hours then certainly in the coming days
