I mean while it's emerged that mr. scrip
holds pets have dies after being
stranded in his sealed off home the
British government released the
information after a Russian embassy
request about the animals condition asko
life to London now Artie's Nadira - ders
there either
why did Russia request details about the
pets in the first place this is another
surprise revelation relating to the
script pol scandal and the reason why
Russia requested the information on pets
is for three main reasons really firstly
the property rights of mr. scrapple
secondly the welfare of the animals and
thirdly and most importantly in the
context of the ongoing investigation now
if you're wondering how they found out
about the script or zoning pets they
actually found out from the niece of
Mister scrapple that's the cousin of
Yulia she revealed that they owned two
cats and two guinea pigs but following
the attack there was no information
about the whereabouts or indeed the
well-being of those animals here's what
the embassy said to learn the fate of
the animals is important not only from
the point of view of mr. scribbles
property rights but also as a matter of
animal welfare and most importantly in
the context of the ongoing investigation
to better understand what happened to
sergei and julius cripple it is
essential to know if the animals also
suffered from chemical poisoning
well the UK did respond to that request
a UK government spokesperson from the
Department of Environment Food and Rural
Affairs said that the property in
Wiltshire was sealed off as part of the
police investigation following that when
they had access to the property they
said that a vet has sadly found two
guinea pigs dead and they also found a
cat in a distressed situation so they
made the decision to euthanize the cat
because of that what they didn't say or
didn't state what what that distress
condition was what we have now in the UK
is a couple of media outlets have
actually reported that those animals
were incinerated shortly after they were
found that means that it's impossible
for any biological testing to be done so
those unanswered questions that
requestors so they will never know
whether or not testing those animals may
or may not have been useful in that
investigation that's now going to remain
a mystery
