on the top a dove toppled Libyan leader
Moammar Ghadafi fears arrest if he comes
back to the country after Missouri who's
in exile in Tunisia is a key witness in
a corruption case against France's
former President Nicolas Sarkozy besides
being Gaddafi's chief interpreter
Missouri was also a trusted adviser then
see myself how the money was passed on
but there is a witness who confessed he
passed the money himself Muammar Gaddafi
admitted numerous times during various
TV interviews that he gave the money to
Sarkozy he told that to me personally as
well once he told me I donated 20
million to him Sarkozy is under formal
investigation for illegally receiving
millions of euro from Gaddafi for his
successful 2007 presidential campaign he
vehemently denies the allegations Mufti
Missouri explained how the financing
came about where Senate Delfino Hamza in
late 2005 then French Interior Minister
Nicolas Sarkozy made a trip to Libya he
first met his Libyan counterpart their
meeting lasted for about 40 minutes
during which Sarkozy unveiled his plans
to run for president in 2007 the Libyan
leader said that for him that was good
news and it would be great if Libya's
friend and his personal friend were to
become president of France
Gaddafi promised to provide Sarkozy with
any help and his full support
after Sarkozy officially announced he
was running for president I heard that
his campaign managers met with Libyan
officials they wrote up a special
document which contained a request for
financial support from the Libyan
government to Sarkozy's presidential
campaign the sum was 50 million euros
the document was sent to the Libyan
foreign ministry and then to the Libyan
leaders office Gaddafi saw it and he
ordered for the sum to be reduced to 20
million euros
