the scruple case on explosive twist
earlier this week when experts at Porton
Down revealed they couldn't determine
where the nerve agent was made a UK
military laboratory is stumped but worry
not the media and their sources have it
covered
The Times has revealed its sources
believe that they have pinpointed the
facility where the military-grade nerve
agent was made and surprise surprise
it's in Russia the Sun isn't certain but
says it's near Moscow source is not 100%
certain about the location but a highly
confident I'm convinced how about you
their sources say that the ESN of a lab
is one of a handful in the world that
can produce nova chuck the sun has
exclusively uncovered a Moscow suburb
lab that the OPCW couldn't a Neos not a
prom mania those that are your
sustenance ooh well there was
short-lived hope that accusations
against Russia could fade on Tuesday The
Times tweeted a picture of the next
day's front page with a headline May
battles to preserve alliance against
Russia and told of 10 Downing Street
dismayed that the global coalition
against Russia was being undermined but
that article has now gone with a link
taking you to another story we asked the
times for an explanation and they told
us it reflects a developing story
explaining that the text was changed
rather than adding a new article to
avoid peppering their site with
additional articles on the same thing
although it's not clear how a story on
isolating Russia and Boris Johnson
misleading the public can be considered
the same thing come the next day back to
what sells best
