UK's Information Commission has fined
facebook for failing to protect its
users data and connection with the
Cambridge analytic a scandal on the day
the fine was announced Apple CEO Tim
Cook gave a damning speech at the
European Parliament in which he said
that personal information is being
weaponized by tech giant's every day
billions of dollars change hands and
countless decisions are made on the
basis of our likes and dislikes our
friends and families our relationships
and conversations our wishes and fears
our hopes and dreams these scraps of
data each one harmless enough on its own
our carefully assembled synthesized
traded and sold ok well let's get more
information now from a New York and she
joins us from our London bureau good
afternoon and sincere we were listening
to Tim Cook's words there you'd think
that would hit a a raw nerve wouldn't
you at Facebook well indeed Cooke didn't
really name any names there but of
course Facebook is one of those tech
giants whose integrity has been coming
into the spotlight repeatedly and in
this latest incident that we're seeing
unravel we know that the UK's
Information Commissioner's Office the
ICO which is the country's independent
data regulator day data protection
watchdog rather has fined Facebook with
500,000 pounds or six hundred and forty
four thousand dollars for the rule that
Facebook plead in the Cambridge
analytical scandal specifically failing
to protect its users from their data
being gathered when if you remember an
app that just over 300,000 people had
downloaded ended up gathering data of 87
million users some of that information
was said to have been passed to
Cambridge analytical that later used
that information to target
politically people ahead of the u.s.
presidential election and the ICO said 1
million of those people were in
the UK and the ico said that Facebook
had done this without clear consent
between 2007 and 2014
Facebook processed the personal
information of users unfairly by
allowing application developers access
to their information without
sufficiently clear and informed consent
and allowing access even if users had
not downloaded the app but were simply
friends with people who had well
Facebook have said that they're
reviewing this decision but should have
done more at the time while we
respectfully disagree with some of their
findings we have said before that we
should have done more to investigate
claims about Cambridge analytic and
taken action in 2015 well to be clear
this five hundred thousand pound fine as
the maximum possible applicable fine
applied under previous regulation which
had to be used in this particular case
but it's being said that this fine could
have been much higher given the new
regulation that has been in place since
May 2018 which would have meant a 17
million pound fine or a four percent of
Facebook's global turnover and indeed
this number could also could have also
been much higher given the fact that
just in 2017
Facebook's annual revenue was forty
point seven billion dollars
you
