hi I'm JK Gonzalez I'm a journalist from
Argentina I love traveling but football
is my chief passion the 2018 FIFA World
Cup will be held at the other end of the
world in Russia I have an idea the mono
nado will be in Momo in Sudan it video
you see Toby who desires a little later
Vitaly Lucas friend will join our team
by Mooka I mean Muhammad Hassan Ali
together will show both the old and the
new world what to expect from this
mysterious country host of the 2018 FIFA
World Cup we went to yekaterinburg by
train this wasn't my first trip around
Russia by rail but this time I finally
appreciated the advantage of long trips
they give you a chance to sleep this
money dancing is where Majorca somebody
better she's a subway by making sure to
redeem cute if I hope I'm eating crab
shake
attack supremum of exactly's musician is
the rose new transport this just panama
strategery that is not sure storage MV
Agusta photo attached mass to that the
yin yoga sponsorship options - the
planet earth was in juvie
yakatori burg Central Station is one of
the largest transport hubs in Russia
noisy and crowded of course there are
various ways of getting to Yekaterinburg
Cal Silva International Airport is 16
kilometers from the city it's well
connected with other Russian cities and
international destinations such as
Barcelona Prague Dubai and Helsinki by
transiting through Moscow you can fly to
Yekaterinburg from anywhere in the world
the airport has recently been
reconstructed and it's ready for the
fans
the plane is faster of course but the
Train is cheaper and the station's right
in the city centre very convenient there
are about 30 hotels within a radius of
just a couple of kilometers from the
Central Station if you choose another
part of the city a taxi from the station
to anywhere in the Ecuadorean Berg will
cost around 200 rubles or $4 you can
also take a bus or a tram and Ural skya
is just a few steps from the station
it's one of the city's 9 metro stations
one of the secretary in Boracay Atomos
la corte cor Russa girl you se como una
Shani media vedantis it Catherine
borough Davis nombre I keep it early
grande en el siglo Cho mundo de sala de
modo in o'nora so esposa catalina para
nosotros ekaterina para lo Russo's
durante la revolucion cambio de nombre
pero una vez finally sha de la
revolucion volvi√≥ a Shamar say Iike
Terry Morro
for a distance I noticed an unusual
building looking rather like a
gingerbread house there right way you
know it turned out to be a railway
museum I'm not actually a fan of trains
but nevertheless it's interesting Marian
you know come on come on come on what
just sit - Julia come - it'd be more
cooperative guys
if you have time before the match and
you're interested in technology you
definitely need to drop in here the
museum houses dozens of railway models
rolling stock and communication lines
what's more the museum is interactive so
you can try your hand as a train driver
or traffic controller in Bordeaux es una
de la principales estaciones de el
famoso train trans-siberian Oh
en la puerta a severe area is Asia
formal meant a style a Lopez de la
cordillera de los Morales while I was
recording another video for the blog the
guys got so carried away by the museum
exhibits but I had to persuade them to
leave we are only in Yekaterinburg for
two days and there's so much to see to
save money on a taxi we took a bus from
the station to our hostel yes how are
you - Doyle any matter I see a skull cap
is custard
what's it wasn't yeah
you remember this the conductor told us
a trip in the city is the same price on
all types of transport on the eve of the
FIFA World Cup new traffic lanes have
been constructed in Yekaterinburg to
reduce congestion a special website lets
you calculate any route in real time
after leaving our stuff in the hostel we
set off to explore the city it's quite
compact so the easiest way to move
around the centre is on foot in good
weather you can see all the important
sights in a couple of hours the central
park of cultural and leisure is a
must-see it's where the city's main fan
zone will open it will be the chief
focus point for fans if you didn't
manage to get to the stadium you can
sample the unique atmosphere of this
football tournament right here all the
World Cup games will be broadcast live
on giant screens dozens of cafes
restaurants and sports bars attractions
and many other entertainments await the
guests of the FIFA World Cup The Fan
Zone can accommodate up to 17,000 people
at a time and even bad weather sadly
common in the Urals won't spoil the
festivities the stadium will have indoor
stands with a capacity for 5,000 people
Yekaterinburg is a fairly young city by
Russian standards it's only 300 years
old
founded by Peter the Great it's imbued
with history it's also the place where
the last emperor nicholas ii together
with his wife and five children were
shot in the basement of a house where
today an orthodox cathedral stands the
city treats the old days with respect
19th century style interiors can often
be found even in modern restaurants
Sirach were too bad well okay we are
faith today we suffer it today so we
will go we will chill we see the city to
tell just now which one goes where you
looking to
you know this guy not really washing up
I think I have seen here in television
but I don't know it's not you here in
Russia
yeah yeah in Argentina my sweet welcome
let it go
hi hello English two fingers ya know
it's strange but I think I know you I'm
from Argentina I have seen you and it
been yes I've been there four times I've
been driving darker you know this is a
big race it's held in your country and
this year I wanted so I've been on TV
for quite a while
maybe that's why you know well from here
therefore make a team yes I was born
here and living here for already 26
years since I was born
I'm here with the guys because I'm
working about the World Cup you know
you're hitting the target more and more
because basically I am an ambassador of
a World Cup 2018 but one tell me what
does it means to be an ambassador I as a
darker winner yeah I represent our city
basically like a face yes like a face of
this of our city on the World Cup and
why tell me about it what's happening in
the city cause of the work at most parts
of the city was rebuilt changes a huge
ILO and because of the World Cup yes you
should understand it's not only about
the stadium it's about the whole city
Istanbul of the World Cup
today we're free what are you gonna do
today
in half an hour we're gonna have a
football to play so I'm at my friend's
yeah you're gonna play for that yes with
my friends maybe you can join us I want
to see you see you
Sergei adores football every Saturday he
plays with friends at a small indoor
sports ground so what's your thing
watching posture we're gonna play
football
Yeah right do something really
interesting like let's make a deal if
you win say I'm gonna drive you on the
quad yeah if I win you're gonna make us
the best result possible in a fellow
yeah I know Argentinians
yeah thank you barbecue I said that the
lesson on it if we split into two teams
Luca and I were in the first one while
Sergei and Vitaly played for the second
one
Sports popular in Yekaterinburg everyday
you can watch a football match in small
stadiums in which people from one block
of flats compete against players from
another there's also a professional
football team Corral which plays in the
Russian Premier League according to
Russian tradition Mooka and I are
supposed to drink to victory but instead
we'll write these quick as the wind as
they say in Russia
Sergei of course shows off his
professional writing skills on these
specially created tracks perhaps he'd
even win the DECA and with no less
pleasure the winner of the Argentine
Rally drives off the road next to his
dacha let's go after a busy day he
understand how diverse and multifaceted
Yekaterinburg is it combines the
coziness of Prague the glass and
concrete of Shanghai and the refinement
and inspiration of soot Petersburg
after all it's a large metropolis with a
population of over a million the modern
industrial center of Russia there are
literally hundreds of hotels here but
according to the world cup organizing
committee about 200 thousand fans from
all over the world will descend on the
city so it's better to book rooms in
advance as we only came here for one
night we stayed at an inexpensive hostel
no no no lucky today I don't one thing
while mukha and vitaly were making tea i
decided to work and prepare for
tomorrow's interview at the stadium you
go what was worth buying
thank you punch I'd say stop only
butchers anybody that's naughty but you
watch it sure Dave okay that's yours
so just kidding kidding kidding you I
don't one I don't need a I'd need to
worry I'm sorry okay we're gonna play
I know man
yeah that's it boy no but oooo three
cuatro de jager Pristina and you can see
UT wait oh um I go yes do what you want
sorry Diego they what they don't show
police get the guys may be very angry
yesterday and I decided to teach them a
lesson
I won't let them get to the stadium
where for World Cup matches will be held
but of course I've got to get there it's
my first time in this city
Menten poco porque no entiendo nada
pero lenta mente respond OVA comprendo
love Malaysia garden punto el otro en
rusia esta vez el mapa miss akk caminar
parasha commoner una Quadra
Ito Marcel veintisiete you know veinte
minuto Sheamus a little bombs the
internet is full of applications to help
you navigate any city during the
tournament shuttle buses will run from
the Central Station and Cal Sava airport
to the Yekaterinburg arena Stadium
it's the city's largest and centrally
located sports facility on the way to
the stadium I saw a crowd of journalists
I knew there was a press conference
today but I didn't think there'd be so
many people
Shindo al momento Clary and el cual
vamos a same bar la primera mission okay
Vassar LC who are you okay viene la copa
del mundo summer much√≠simo video Easter
riccati todos vamos while I was at the
stadium Vitali and mukha had a good time
without me they went for a walk around
the city
they were mesmerized by numerous bits of
street art and crazy monuments MOCA went
on about the creativity of local
sculptors for some time afterwards his
chief memory was of the mood barometer
an innovative monument standing in the
city's main square
let us to competition a confirm their
phone he conducted the Canadian border
commission was lead no shots each
octopus avoiding each neighbor border on
the demise to at least them match that
of Aikido is alone in theta is equal to
CC partnership veneer poor who in astray
willing scootch none what he wants to be
right Darnay you kiddo it's that you can
take it no except adobea pero lo que
tenemos en un ripple Magnifico es una
three holes colicky Sarah planter Elsa
yakatori burg arena is being constructed
on the site of the old stadium built
back in 1956 the pitch will be open to
the elements that most spectator seats
will be under a canopy protected from
the Urals weather surprises during the
World Cup the arena will hold 35,000
spectators thanks to a temporary stand
after the tournament the capacity will
be reduced to 23,000 which is what Siva
Paquito semi-shade Oh a lifter Rita II I
Katie Darla okay a Covino cami√≥n miss
Nasim coming soon tractor on Sally's una
tira de modo supercar a technology man
moderna pero estamos en pasando por que
tu sundry twala's de menthe efectivo
vamos dorando un poquito de semanas para
el se para que venga
el track toriaezu rocket a rocket a
rocket a y el pato crazy you know who I
am eating goalies siempre with us
the head of the Directorate for the
stadium's construction took me to the
very top of the temporary stand which
will be dismantled after the tournament
this eagle eye view is a great way to
see the stadium the constructions main
feature is that it extends beyond the
stadium's perimeter there are few
examples in the world of such an
innovative solution to the problem of
accommodating spectators another is the
stadium in s√£o Paulo which hosted the
semi-final between Argentina and Holland
during the 2014 World Cup CDN purchase
key Palmas to open a carcass Elisabet
only bonus to the Tribune a notch it we
put in a robotic Park role is that you
wanna you can assist EMA I just want a
crawler sleep with your super Tom
sticker to the girls key city live
network analysis a is static atrocious
that you wanna establish the tribunal
she was tell me is this no way you see
below Perdita k2 emo say Abajo plant on
Doel Cepheid para el mundo no to viola
possibility' starak Arriba solo show
came a min ago and Cherie para un poco
Mooka Eva tally podr√≠an estar aqui pero
los dos shabby Aaron say Vergara mas o
menos de entonces si pero esta
oportunidad √∫nica a magnificant
me where LMAO central de cada embargoes
una perspectiva
absolutamente fascia after the 2018
World Cup the Yekaterinburg arena
stadium will host international and
Russian Cup matches the Urals main
stadium will be home to the local
football club the arena will also be
used for other events such as concerts
and the territory around the stadium
will be converted into a pedestrian area
perhaps the most famous pedestrian
street in Yekaterinburg alienate Viner
street begins just a few steps from the
mood barometer this area will be crowded
after matches just as in the center of
any Russian city the muscles from dusk
till dawn yes that is Lucius toad
yes permit miss Michael Jackson Michael
Jackson died illuminating
in the evening Vitali and mukha compete
with each other to tell me about finer
Street home to dozens of cozy caf√©s
trendy boutiques and a giant shopping
center the street also boasts many
creative sculptures such as the
Cherubini
the banker the chauffeur the inventor of
a bicycle and many others there's also a
statue of Michael Jackson which my
friends were keen to see just for the
graffiti with the Constitution
you know chestnut we still watch it -
super closer
yeah well my sous-chef I do almost ready
ta go get them over a minute awesome
poet a teacher estimate means no not
release no by jump
let me go we're so sorry we have a gift
for you how was your day there yeah it's
great and you nice what did you do we
chill we had fun we was working like in
all the city almost we have some
surprise for you huh tell me no we're
not gonna tell you if you have the
strength and desire after a match you
don't have to go to one of you Catherine
Berg's many bars to celebrate victory or
drown the sorrows of defeat you can get
to a special place by car or bus
Yekaterinburg is located entirely in
asia but most locals consider themselves
to be Europeans
after all the border with Europe is only
39 kilometers from the city on the road
right by the border you pass a majestic
monuments at first I didn't quite
understand what was special about it
it only dawned on me later why it's such
a unique monument who among us hasn't
dreamt of finding oneself in two places
at the same time well here it's possible
be accomplished pero lo siento que hacer
takin sin so n que este es el punto kvk
de vida do lado hacia el en otro lado
Europa dijo estoy caminando por la Mita
exactamente por la Mita
Asya Yoruba let's make a self and live
selfie yeah no way
from the Urals we're making our way to
the central part of Russia
Nizhny Novgorod a city of giant stairs
steep hills and cool football training
grounds for the upcoming World Cup
Nizhny Novgorod main stadium for the
tournament and the unique traditions of
Russian antiquity await us
you
