now at least three people are injured
after a shooting at the YouTube
headquarters in San Bruno California
this is according to police the female
attacker has died of self-inflicted
injuries are to Samir Khan has more San
Bruno police have confirmed that one
person has died the police chief said
that they were still investigating but
they found a woman dead with a quote
self-inflicted wound that could
definitely be the shooter now the other
four taken to nearby hospitals San
Francisco General Hospital said they
received a few patients and Stanford
Medical Center also said they're
expecting patients now it is no longer
being treated as an active shooter
situation this all happened after
gunshots were reported just outside of
YouTube's headquarters in Northern
California San Bruno California it's
just south of San Francisco but armed
police SWAT vehicles and helicopters
quickly surrounded the facility and the
facility was under lockdown now we don't
know any more details about the shooter
but this all comes amid a national gun
control debate so we'll just have to see
if this strengthens the argument for
more gun control well for some analysis
we can now hear from a former FBI agent
Coleen Rowley thanks for being with us
calling on this one kind of an
interesting one something that we're
seeing more of but this one is not kind
of following the pattern for one thing
it's a female authorities apparently do
not believe this was an act of terrorism
so far all we know is that this was a
lone female shooter who took her own
life
how does this look to you in the grand
scheme of things the early speculation
is that the female shooter was motivated
for personal reasons maybe it was a you
know a love spat etc so it doesn't seem
to be terrorism but on the other hand
the motives of these very senseless
violent shootings and this one doesn't
even qualify that it's the mass shooting
because in order to qualify as a mass
shooting you have to kill four people or
more but still and if shooting like this
had occurred in a
other than YouTube it may not have even
made national news they are so common I
think the bigger question is not motive
but why are these in on such a steep
increase in the United States right now
now you you just kind of brought up a
good point there about YouTube we may
not have even known about this I mean in
Fresno California in Chicago in many
different places you know shootings like
this happen all the time
it is a multi-billion dollar tech
company owned by Google
should we read anything in to this
target specifically or is it too early
to tell
well if it was just a personal reason a
love spat then YouTube was just that the
location was not relevant at all I
should finish my thought about what
really should is relevant and what
people should be asking is why are these
shootings suicidal homicidal violence
and I you have to understand we're at
the 50-year anniversary of the killing
of Martin Luther King who actually
wisely cautioned that violence begets
violence and so in the United States
after 16 years of perpetual war we are
seeing this blowback in the terms of all
kinds of different shootings they are
they can be you know get a bad grade on
a test get a love situation somebody
with mentally challenged but that
doesn't explain why this is going up and
I think that we are in a situation now
where violence it's it's basically
watching Martin Luther King's warning
come true you know if we continue to
have this culture that encourages war
and violence we are gonna see people
believe that shooting somebody is the
answer to their problems
so I youtube specifically the
headquarters is supposed to be a
gun-free zone I want to kind of expand
that to other gun-free zones in the
United States is it surprising that an
armed person apparently acting alone
could get through the security perimeter
and taking it a step further down the
rabbit hole a gun-free zones the way to
go I don't think that I think that there
should be some common sense
restrictions on gun ownership and I
think that might go a certain distance
in helping you know resolve some of
these problems and security could be
beefed up at schools etc but it's not
going to solve all the it's not the full
answer because there are all kinds of
public places concerts marathons all
kinds of public places where people
gather and when you have someone who is
suicidal and who believes that shooting
someone is the answer to their problems
and of course willing to take others
with them if they're suicidal they're
also homicidal and so that's really the
thing that has to be dealt with there's
lots of factors that are to blame here
but no one is even asking the right
questions of why we're experiencing such
a really really you know steep increase
in these mass shootings though the media
sensationalizes these types of things
and actually produces more copycat
shootings Coleen Rowley former FBI agent
would this happen you were someone who I
wanted to talk to to help kind of get
some of that common sense talk out there
thanks for being with us here on Rt
International
