and it's six crew members let's take a
quick closer look at what we have on
board dragon today SpaceX is 14th
commercial resupply mission to the
international space station will mark
the first opportunity of 2018 to
replenish this US National Laboratory
and low-earth orbit with new and
exciting research let's learn more about
some of the feed
no spacecraft capable of returning
significant amount of cargo to earth the
good news is Dragon has given us the
thumbs up
it is vehicle is ready to go to space
and with just under side to minute 2
minutes and 40 seconds in today's
mission Falcon 9 has finished topping
off its repellent loading we've begun
we've wiggled our our engines doing the
thrust vector control checks on both are
both on merlin vacuum engines as well as
the 9 merlin engines at the base
bringing us into t minus 1 minute where
falcon 9 will enter into startup the
rocket will take control of the
countdown at theity minutes 1 minute
mark so we're gonna go silent over here
on the webcast and let you listen in to
these final two minutes of today's
mission
stay to lock slow disclosed out
valkanhayn is on to help our
vehicles and self-aligned
gasps closeouts
yeah EF is ready for launch Belka man
isn't started ground guys closeouts
dragon didn't start up
large directors go for lucky
you guys have ten seconds guys can hit
it okay okay
nine eight seven six five four three two
vacation
Falcon 9 is on its way to delivering the
Dragon spacecraft for its 14th
commercial resupply services mission
coming up in about 10 seconds we have
max Q maximum aerodynamic pressure
that's one of the highest stress states
on the vehicle vehicle supersonic
because experienced a crack at one
direction
just passed through max Q his first
stage burn will last for about another
minute and 10 seconds
as we leave Earth's atmosphere you'll
notice the exhaust plume gradually
expanding the individual just heard the
call out that the upper stage engine the
merlin vacuum has begun chilling in
similar to how we chill in the nine
Merlin engines before the initial
liftoff of the Falcon 9
now coming up in rapid succession at
about t plus 2 minutes and 40 seconds
we'll have miko or main engine cutoff
followed by stage separation followed by
ignition of the upper stage engine let's
watch
maybe go
stage separation
and recognition and what you just saw
there was a successful shutdown of the
nine Merlin engines of our first stage
followed by separation of our first
stage from our second stage using four
pneumatic actuators at the forward end
of the stage and then after that you saw
ignition of our upper stage engine you
may have noticed a piece of metal flying
away from the engine
that's a stiffener ring that protects
the larger Merlin vacuum nozzle on
ascent that's totally nominal and on the
left side of your screen there that's
actually the dragon nose cone that it's
popped off and it's falling back to
space
a dragon nose cone falling off totally
nominal that's exactly want to see we
use that nose cone to protect the
forward end of dragon honest sent
through the aerodynamic the atmospheric
drag we see that's a good sign that
means we're outside of the atmosphere so
the forces on the floor and end of the
vehicle are significantly reduced
about two minutes into our second stage
burn if you're just joining us so far
the first stage had an on-time launch
just like we like it a nominal ascent
profile good separation from our second
stage and now that first stage is
performing an experimental landing
maneuver we're just gathering some data
on this into the Atlantic Ocean we do
not have a drone ship out there in the
Atlantic Ocean so we are not covering
this portion of the phase though you
will probably hear some call-outs in a
few minutes on entry burner the first
stage since that's not our primary
mission and we're not intending to
recover that first stage we would just
be focusing on second stage right now
coming into t plus six minutes this
second stage burn will last for about
another three minutes
our target if you want to keep an eye
that speed we're going to about twenty
seven thousand kilometers per hour
that's orbital velocity second stages
job is to get dragon to orbit first
stages job was primary to get us out of
the Earth's atmosphere
second stage does its precise orbital
maneuvering by using two thrust vector
actuators they're contained within that
collective very nominal
containers that reflective blanket and
they allow us to adjust the engines
position affecting its pitch and yaw and
then we have some nitrogen thrusters on
the forward end that allows just the
vehicle's roll
power in trajectory continue to look
good engine performance continues to be
nominal as we like around here
Stage one aft SS saved we are coming up
shortly in about a minute here on Seco
it's a second stage engine cutoff that's
the point where the second stage in
Dragon will be coasting a dragon will
then be give you a quick check out and
then it'll be deployed from the second
stage about a minute after that point in
time
Stage two terminal guidance
about 15 seconds left into stage 2s burn
to teach to a PHS saved
and we have shut down to the second
stage engines you you saw the speed tick
up to about twenty seven thousand
kilometers per hour we're gonna coast
here for about a minute and then dragon
will separate stage 2 or we just also
got the confirmation that we are in a
good parking orbit of our second stage
coming up on dragon deployments in about
15 seconds
and that it's a view from the forward
end of our second stage looking inside
dragons trunk as it separates from the
second stage those are three of the
science experiments we're taking up to
the International Space Station see
there's three different boxes inside
those are three of the experiments for
bringing that will be attached on the
outside of the International Space
Station
once we berth
it's about t+ 10 minutes and 50 seconds
into today's mission on the right side
of you create your screen you see Dragan
gently separating away from our second
stage we are coming up on our solar
array deployment in about a minute and a
half that's where the fairings that
protect the solar arrays will be
released and then our solar arrays will
be slowly rolls out like like a bit of
an accordion and then they will begin
their pointing maneuvers right now
dragon itself is checking out its
thrusters we are priming up the
thrusters to make sure we have control
over the vehicle first we want to make
sure we have control over the vehicle
before we deploy those solar arrays if
you're just tuning in second stage and
first stage put drag it into a nominal
trajectory we are in a good parking
orbit right now you are looking at the
Dragon spacecrafts with earth in the
backgrounds looking through at the
camera on our second stage on the
forward end of our second stage second
stage itself will perform a third bird
maneuver which will put it inside the
Indian Ocean for disposal while we wait
right now we're waiting for Dragon to
unfold its solar arrays a dragon does
need solar rays in order conduct its
full mission it is a two-day journey to
the International Space Station we have
capture coming up Wednesday at 4 a.m.
Pacific time
those white clouds are seeing the space
that's just some Banting that we
naturally do as we are in in space and
coming up now though we're still waiting
for solar array deployment if you're
just tuning in dragon had a nominal
mission thus far it looks like we're
hearing some cheering when to see the
confirmation there they are those are
the solar arrays unfolding from Dragon
that's actually the back side of the
solar arrays you can see the wire
harnesses that connect the different
cells together what dragon will do now
is make sure these solar arrays are
working and then a t plus three hours
are jeans a door will open
that's where we begin the precise
pointing and navigation systems to get
ourselves on our way to the space
station after which point in time we
will conduct a number of height altitude
and orbital adjustment burns eventually
leading to that capture on Wednesday and
so to recap we had a perfectly nominal
mission as we like around here Falcon 9
performed this job splendidly delivered
dragged into a perfect parking orbit
Dragon has since unfolded at solar
arrays you see that live view from space
that's my certainly my favorite view
from space of Dragon missions of our
solar arrays with earth in the
background so because we're at this
point in time we're going to conclude
our coverage for today's mission we
would like to thank NASA for today's
mission the range Cape Canaveral Air
Force Station for their supports the FAA
is well for their supports and most
importantly you the viewer for tuning in
if you would like to come and join us
please check out SpaceX comm slash
careers our mission doesn't end here
there are many
