well welcome to Sophie & Co I'm Sophie
Shepherd not say Haiti battered by
natural disasters is reeling from a
scandal around the revelations of abuse
by international aid workers how will it
affect the humanitarian efforts of NGOs
and the UN in the country well I asked
as illy donto Haitian human rights
lawyer Haiti a country that is still
recovering from earthquakes and
hurricanes while coping with rampant
poverty and a drastic lack of
infrastructure has drawn sympathy from
across the globe with NGOs and UN
agencies rushing to help the better
nation but with revelations of
corruption and abuse by UN and aid
workers has the image of the charitable
organisations been tainted for good
well the Haitian government expelled the
groups from the country altogether and
can it handle its problems all alone
easily donto Haitian human rights lawyer
welcome it's really great to have you on
our program lots to talk about
now the latest scandal in Haiti is over
Oxfam employees engaging in sexual
exploitation in the country the Haitian
government has suspended the work of the
UK charity awesome has apologised
started an investigation and fired those
responsible with responsible what more
could they do right now well I think
Oxfam is just sort of the symptom of the
problem because Haiti's under occupation
and these NGOs are there masturbating on
this pain that has been imposed upon us
because of imperialism what else could
they do they could actually leave Haiti
okay we're gonna go actually
case-by-case but because Oxfam is the
latest case I'd like to focus on that in
the beginning I mean totally takes one
scandal to ruin the reputation of a
charity accusations stick and people
start thinking that the whole
organization is rotten after the scandal
broke out
Oxfam CEO said that everything the
organization tried to say or do just
fill the fires of public opinion it's
like no matter what they say it won't
come out right do they really deserve to
be battered further well yes we're
talking about children we're talking
about post-earthquake
I mean look at the situation Sophie
we're talking about 2010 the
catastrophic acha politic earthquake
that killed over three hundred and ten
thousand Haitians that made over two
million Haitians homeless and then you
have this army of NGOs coming in and
that's where Oxfam comes in with a
director who has been recycled in
different other NGOs as a sexual immoral
person I mean he's actually he was in
Liberia and fired by a British NGO in
Liberia in 2004 this Rowland person and
then he was reached and he was recruited
by Oxfam and he had what they mean it's
so nasty what he was doing Caligula sex
that's bestiality that's orgies with
people who have lost everything and and
are looking at these charitable
organizations as as their saviors come
to hell yeah so the only sane jurist
yeah and this is not just Oxfam we have
the UN doing the same thing so you want
to talk about the UI all foreigners
coming in we're going to talk about the
UN further down in our interview so only
the UK Division of Oxfam has been banned
other extent workers are still in Haiti
does that mean that the country actually
needs awesome here or just and found a
temporary scapegoat in the UK division
we Haitians have not been hurt this is
not about
Oxfam this is about the underage
children who were used by this NGO who
are now being blared about it in
headlines as prostitutes what happens
when you're 15 years old
and your mother just died five of your
brothers just died and instead of
helping you with the donation dollars
that's paying this
and salary that's been given by citizens
of the world who care about what
happened this crisis this man held orgy
sex with animals with these children
what can happen to them I'm a human
rights lawyer who spent the last 24
years of my life since 1994 exposing
that the charitable industrial complex
and the military industrial complex are
about colonialism that there in Haiti as
a smoke stream while the Western
corporate ah cracy takes our resources
out so you know you're talking to a
Haitian woman yeah like an energy I know
it's very emotional I mean I I do
realize that but me as a journalist I
need to make sure that I cover all sides
so bear with me because I'm gonna have
to ask you these questions but I need
your answers Guardian wrote that
shorteners pay more money to sex workers
a lot more than the locals I know it
sounds gross but in some way could there
could this encounters have been
voluntary so locals may have a role in
this too
not just Oxfam could that be a
possibility as well well Oxfam is an NGO
and which is a non-governmental
organization which is given its
accreditation by the United Nations the
United Nation has a policy against
having sex with your beneficiaries so
does Oxfam and so we're talking about a
situation where you're asking me who's
it you know is the victim and we're
talking about underaged folks here this
man that we're talking about rollin has
a history of having sex in places paid
by donation dollars as the ox you know
he started out in Liberia and he was
dismissed for having sex with local
people including underage children and
you know as a lawyer as a human rights
lawyer
I'm actually
concern sex when underage children is
pedophilia it's a crime we're not
talking about anything else yes there's
prostitution but as you know whenever a
military comes into a space the level of
sexual abuse and prostitution goes up at
least fifteen percent is that really
what the UN and the NGOs are supposed to
be doing in Haiti aren't they supposed
to be fiduciaries that are given this
position as philanthropists and human
human humanitarian to to not to bring up
the level of prostitutions in Haiti but
to to help Haiti developed to provide
help at a time of crisis I mean an
applic eliptic crisis when everything
has fallen down so so no I reject the
idea that the the Haitian women and men
who were victims of Oxfam are to blame
for any of what happened with regards to
that because you you're talking about a
differential in power and we're talking
about underage girls and when we're
talking about underage girls or underage
boys we're talking about a crime the age
in Haiti is 18 for maturity so although
the media wants just wants to make these
underage children prostitutes who really
is the whore here who really is the
criminal here
so Haitian Parliament has learned that
the majority of abuse cases don't get
reported oxime actually has the
reporting requirements in place their
stats are transparent other agencies
don't have those requirements so do you
have any information about their
transgressions you know I had the free
Haiti movement which I founded in 2004
when the United Nations
Lindt its uniforms to this occupation
where it's this humanitarian front is
covering up the corporate plunder of
Haiti's riches I had something called
the Haitian lawyers Leadership Network
which I founded in nineteen
94 24 years ago and the purpose was to
institutionalize the rule of law and and
to protect and defend the cultural human
economic rights of Haitians living at
home in abroad now the question you're
asking me is is there a reporting
requirement with regards to the NGOs and
what they're doing in Haiti the NGOs do
whatever they want in Haiti remember
there's a level of racism and a level of
when you're under occupation and these
NGOs come in they're making so much more
money than let's say a Haitian lawyer in
Haiti a native Haitian lawyer in Haiti
who is gonna fight on behalf of let's
say the victims so so you're talking
about a disparity of power you're
talking about this idea that these these
white folks like Oxfam's director who
was who was a fired in the other
I think they fired Oxfam fired three
executive and and another four excuse me
they let them resign they let three
resign and then they fired for gross
misconduct three so but they never
reported to the Haitian government that
says it's a crime to to to have sex with
minors they never reported that so they
concealed it and they continued to
conceal what was going on up until now
eight years later we hear about it we're
gonna take a short break right now and
when we're back we'll continue talking
to as lead them to human rights lawyer
discussing the humanitarian missions in
Haiti and the oppor they have been
causing today with us
and we're back with easily dr. Haitian
human rights lawyer discussing the
controversy around eight missions in
Haiti so now the Haitian president after
an investigation is calling the Oxfam
affair the tip of the iceberg but on the
other hand can the Haitian government
really afford to poke into other eight
groups besides Oxfam president mentioned
investigated medicines from France EF
and other NGOs what if more
organizations are suspended can they
manage without them can Haiti do without
NGOs altogether you know I want your
audience to hear me when I say this you
can't develop a country with charity you
cannot the charities are there in Haiti
to assist with the symptoms of the
problem not the root of the problem of
Haiti and that's symptoms like when you
have no clean water no healthcare no
infrastructure those are all symptoms of
a greater problem in Haiti and that
greater problem is imperialism that
greater problem is debt dependency and
domination that Haiti has had to deal
with since it became the first Free
Republic ruled by black people since
1804 so we've had to deal with this
imperialism that comes in and takes out
Haiti's resources so here is the answer
the answer for your audience to
understand is not charity it's not these
NGOs it's not Oxfam
you you can't you take someone's agency
away when you bring in foreigners and
you have those foreigners give you
public services like clean water like
health care they're not accountable
that's why you have the problem of Oxfam
that's why you have the the larger
problem of the UN troops and their sex
rings and-and-and and their cholera the
that has gotten to Haiti and and all of
the travesties that we've had so suffer
directly since 2004 when the UN
came in and they came in the UN came in
after the United Nations she's me the
United States France in Canada and the
Western powers out stirred through a
bush regime change in 2004 the
democratically elected president of
Haiti which I used to represent so we're
talking about the UN and the charitable
workers who come in to cover that this
is an occupation because if it was
acknowledged openly that this is a
humanitarian front to occupation then
the public of these various nations
would oppose it but if you say Haiti
nice charity and look at these Haitians
and all their problems and you say these
things all the time this is what they
say about Haiti we are the poorest
country Western Hemisphere
we them out I don't understand it's not
like they're there by force right
someone is certainly inviting them why
can't you just be like we don't need you
by what is a problem as I said the UN
came in in 2004 after the United Nations
choose me the United States France and
Canada and their deep state CIA agents
helped take down the democratically
elected president what we have in Haiti
right now is an occupation a military
occupation with the UN serving as proxy
military are you saying your government
is in conspiracy with the United Nations
because no organization including
absolutely including United Nations can
be on a territory of a country without a
consensus of the government of that
country after the earthquake we had Bill
and Hillary Clinton essentially take
over Haiti and take over the aid to
Haiti they reach 13 so it didn't Haiti
what why such interest on behalf of the
Clintons in your country why I am so
happy you asked because Haiti lies
between two nations that the United
States want to become client states that
dislike that has not fallen into a line
with manifest destiny and the Monroe
Doctrine and so on that's Cuba and
Venezuela we are right in between we are
that weakest link in that horseshoe also
so so the Unitas is what we say at the
Haitian lawyers leadership which I lead
we say that the United Nation forces in
Haiti are the AFRICOM of the Western
Hemisphere
they are the u.s. Western military arm
training Latin American and Central
American soldiers and for on behalf of
the Western powers and they use Haiti as
a training ground that's number one
number two Haiti has massive oil the
head of Venezuelans oil is in Haiti's
waters number in terms of riches Haiti
has they say now 20 billion in gold
Haitian geologist says it's a hundred
billion in gold doing the earthquake ah
Bill and Hillary Clinton put in through
fake elections and you can see this just
google it Michel Martelly
who is a former carnival singer if you
look at the emails from the Hillary and
Bill Clinton they show you that they
created this this fake election and now
in 2016 we have scuse me 2017 we have
this new president Jove Nell Maurice
Joffe now Maurice was handpicked by
Michel Martelly who was put into office
by Bill and Hillary Clinton under the
Obama administration Lee another eight
groups and you agencies they always
stress that they're doing a lot of good
they do outstrip the bat that happens
but good rarely makes for a hot news
story and that always goes unnoticed so
all the good work they could be doing
because I'm sure they're doing something
good emergency aid medication shelter
supplies etc will that always be
outweighed by the bad behavior but by
the scandals by the over
problem of the occupation that you're
you're talking about yes okay so so no
matter what they do even if sometimes
they're really actually reaching out and
helping people and that that is also an
undeniable fact well as I said before
Sophie no matter how how
well-intentioned some these NGOs are and
some of them some of the charitable
industrial complex folks are not
predators no matter what their
intentions are we're talking about an
occupation we're talking about
imperialism we're talking about the
people of Haiti being disenfranchised by
fake elections run by the UN right now
on behalf of the United Nations excuse
me of the United States and it's and
it's and it's you know European allies
but I just want to ask you about the
technicality does the humanitarian aid
that they bring into your country
actually reach people on the ground
those who really need it do they get it
I think the figures were thirteen point
three billion dollars that was raised
after the earthquake and I think they
said that less than 1% of that went to
the Haitian government most of that
money went back to the donors to their
hands most of its stayed in the donor
hands to to to to while to bring
employment to their people to make money
off of it is that what you're saying to
bring employment to people like rolling
hama whatever his name is the head of
the Oxfam person yeah are you gonna by
the way yes you already I think you know
that foreign foreign aid cripples most
African nations I think you already know
that the statistics say that the World
Bank puts out a lot of loans but the
corporate plunder is greater than the
aid they ever give to the black nations
or to the global South to Afghanistan s
former president and he thinks the same
way too he feels by
the foreign aid in the long run is
ruining his country because it never
comes with no strings attached
so you know this rapper I'm sure you
know cuz he ran for your country's
president Van Cleave Jean his charity is
reported to have spent 25% of money
donated on expenses like travel
conferences accommodation salaries how
can people who want to help donate be
sure that their money goes where it has
to because you don't necessarily need to
be part of un or mitts on symphonia or
other NGO to want to help right there
are a lot of philanthropists who want to
help you like you're sitting in your
house you're watching an earthquake you
want to donate money how do you make
sure that it gets where it has to be
right well you see I'm still thinking
that we're having the wrong conversation
here charity cannot develop a nation it
can't give it infrastructure health care
it can only allow for dependency and you
mentioned one charity which which is
Wyclef Jean I you know Wyclef Jean is
like a tiny little bit of so small
compared to the Clinton Global
Initiative and the big NGOs and what
they're doing in Haiti the Red Cross the
Red Cross raised half a billion dollars
in Haiti after the earthquake and only
built seven homes and left no
infrastructure and we need clean water
just basic clean water they could have
given us with the thirteen point three
billion dollars that was raised because
the UN in 2010 as you know brought us
cholera which has killed over ten
thousand Haitians and and made sick more
than they say a million I say three
million Haitians so we don't even have
clean water so what do these forty two
thousand NGOs have to show except the
fact that they are used as a smokescreen
well I was media or fairing two inches
right now I was just talking about
people who want to help do I understand
you correctly that your message to my
audience
that anyone who is watching TV and their
calls to help Haiti they shouldn't is
that what you're saying Haiti yes what
I'm saying is if I hate Haiti cannot be
developed by charity if if anyone wants
to help Haiti you need to help us get
rid of the US occupation hidden by UN
mercenary guns fake aid fake election
fake a charity that's what we want as
Haitians and-and-and for instance after
the earthquake we started my
organization the esli Network because we
were not getting help because the people
were being given dirty water by the NGOs
we started a program
zili blow which gives clean water it's a
very tiny project but it is Haiti lead
Haiti run and it transfers skills to
Haitian without a middleman those who
type of projects that people who are
interested in helping Haiti can do
assist an indigenous Haiti lead Haiti
capacity building organization not in
organization that's built that's that's
building up the capacity of the NGOs all
right it was really interesting inside
to hear from you as you leave actually
thanks for this interview I've never
heard someone speak so passionately
about the country and speak the way you
speak about the country I wish you all
the best in your future endeavors as a
lead on tow we were talking to the
Haitian human rights lawyer about the UN
and other groups humanitarian efforts in
Haiti and why they've grown so much
criticism that's it for this edition of
Sophie and Co I will see you next time
thank you
