today crypto is unique crypto is
empowering crypto is on the verge of a
global financial revolution crypto is a
direct challenge to the world banking
system allowing you to be the bank and
make the money win or lose in the end
crypto is bound to eat the world into
the future let's give this Bitcoin a try
not bad welcome to the crypto Liam your
one and only stop on everything in the
world of blockchain I'm Miguel Francis
Santiago and I'd like to introduce you
to our crypto debate in our Moscow
studio we have Mitra marine chef
internet Ombudsman of the Russian
Federation and the founder of the
Russian mining company now there's the
sewer of a state duma council expert
member on cryptocurrency we have vlad
Martinov
the chairman of a theorems competence
centre Russia Marc Feldman the CEO of
standard Capital Group an international
investor and financial advisor from
London we have Maria agranov skype with
over 20 years experience in business law
blockchain and FinTech expert at grad
law and financial services from Los
Angeles we have Riggs Eckelberry CEO of
water chain incorporated gearing for an
ICO a blockchain company that is
promising to change the way we recycle
and reuse water and from New York tone
vase former VP of JP Morgan and a
prominent crypto market analyst as well
as a hard IC o---- critic let the crypto
debate begin ladies and gentlemen you
are free to speak your mind and share
your point of view at any point during
the discussion the Securities Exchange
Commission issues 80 subpoenas including
18 Russian icos the question is is the
SEC cleaning house the right way or is
it overreaching by asking Russian
citizens to appear in American courts
let's begin with if Hiram's lad Martinov
vlad what is your take on the issue well
first of all I think there is no Russian
agenda because I don't know how they
classified 18 out of 80 I see your
project being crushed because basically
today maybe around 60 or 70% of Russian
programmers and development behind
global blockchain startup well there are
several theories I have why they do so
first is they might ask a lot of tough
questions to these 80 eyesores trying to
understand if there is any scam or any
scheme like projects maybe they try to
learn learn how it works and mechanics
and basically come
with better legislation in the future I
don't know but most likely they clean
the house in the trying to prevent the
scamp ice yours
so no Russian agenda no right that's a
good thing to know now Riggs you are
currently in process of creating an ICO
out of an incorporated company that's
been functioning for over ten years
perhaps you can explain how you are
taking into account the recent actions
by the Exchange Commission and planning
to protect your company from such
subpoenas well Miguel it's well overdue
I think that what you're seeing is a
rubber band effect as the SCC catches up
and my view is that they are excited to
have coin offerings but they really want
them in a regulatory framework and I
really see that as a public company
we're so accustomed to this I believe
that the way we're going to reach the
mainstream investor in America in the
world is by having regulated offerings
such as the SEC is promoting slightly
different I think the problem is the US
has a dominant position and wants to
control the market directly with
aggressive administrative measures but
it's not the way things work in the
digital world that's not how the digital
economy works
I think they'll run into a lot of
problems with this approach Nadezhda now
what is your take as a state duma member
actually just like my colleagues I think
the blockchain is global it knows no
borders I'm very grateful to the United
States because it's a Silicon Valley of
sorts for Russia you must be honest we
test our I SEOs in America right and
right now America is taking steps to
identify speculative I SEOs we
understand that 90% of AI SEOs are just
shells they don't have the real token
economy behind them they've nothing
behind them so I think what the US is
doing is identifying real icos that have
a tangible product sure John what do you
think of this move by the SEC is it
curbing the the herd or is it
overreaching a little bit I don't think
it's overreaching because I'm sure they
have looked at some evidence if they
have evidence that a US citizen
participated in the initial IC o----
of
company than the US regulators do have
jurisdiction and they're probably
subpoenaed those companies where they
can actually have a bit of a case now I
do agree that it's not some kind of
witch hunt against Russia and maybe they
could have sent out the subpoena to all
of them but they probably don't even
have the manpower to do that I just
wanted to ask the colleagues from the US
what do you think about the Praetorian
grip application that is supposed to be
the first official application to to get
regulated I mean not the Regulation D
way that many people have chosen which
actually means that you are a security I
think all of these I SEOs are pretty
much securities I don't see any
innovation in the ico space the only
thing that is actually innovating coming
out of the IC o---- and the old coin
space is the ability to solicit money
from unqualified investors and I don't
see it ending well at all that's how I
see almost all of them if you do have a
company that has a track record if you
have a company that has revenue I don't
understand why you want to put your
entire company and all your employees on
the regulatory danger or why do you need
all of this money so my mind is really
no way we've had since 1934 and 33 a
framework that's been well built you
know I see the SI PC the SEC FINRA all
these are well organized organizations I
agree we should not be reinventing the
wheel we regulation a relation D open
solicitation we we do it without icos
to me it's just another equity class and
any efforts to you see here's the
problem we have the longer we resist
classic regulation the more jeopardy
there's gonna be for the ico movement
we've got to go into shall we say the
the cattle shoot that's part of its it
is what it is and actually comply
because that's how we're going to
mainstream this until we do so we're
gonna have a problem now unfortunately
I'm not really you know familiar with
Maria's uh
proposal there and so I'm very
interested in the benefits there yeah so
that was actually the first case well
allegedly of a group that has applied
for the official regulation in full
sense so all the rest were trying to
avoid it and get an exemption
most of my Russian clients or let's say
russian-speaking clients really want to
approach the American market and they're
very much afraid and they're trying to
extrapolate the SEC regulations to
everything they do wherever they are
based what I think we will do is to
continue to do to use the Regulation D
open solicitation which allows us to go
to any accredit investor but they must
be accredited and then perhaps get to a
crowd funding which is regulation a and
that that's probably the the way to go
now as to the details it is it is a
major issue is how do we treat this very
specifically is it a is it a class of
stock it's a I think it has to be
treated as an equity class but there's
probably more regulation needed let me
jump to mark Feldman here now mark as an
investor what do you think now if you
recall what tone just mentioned that all
I SEOs are generally you know
unregulated securities and there is no
no real value behind them
would you agree a question is i seals or
the companies that issue i co so I think
that I think that the question about
what the CC is trying to do right now is
is of course put everything under its
own regulation and and of course it's
great to watch from the side and and
think about what we do here in Russia
but at the same time I think that
there'll be a lot of mistakes made by
that because the the whole idea I think
of I SEOs and and and potentially maybe
doing it through crowdfunding is ability
from any anyone from anywhere in the
world to be able to invest make some
investment in the future and I think
that cunning that ability goes against
the idea of what the blockchain is and
what the cryptocurrency is is giving
really more of a freedom to the poor and
I think that it is important more to
regulate the actual companies but not so
much as investors you know you have you
can be 18 years old to walk into a
casino and gamble but right so why put a
limit and the why put a limit to to who
who can invest a thousand or a million
dollars into into an idea what's
important to deliver to the to the
investor is a quality and information
that's what I think is important the ICO
tracker token data has stated that 902
ICO projects that have collected funds
in 2017 142 of them couldn't attract
enough funds to continue 276 did collect
the funds but disappeared with the money
or slowly closed shop and its operation
so over fifty nine percent of the ICO
startups that began life in 2017 today
could be considered dead you know tone
does that reiterate your point that
there is no future for AI cos I would
really rated my point more I disagree
with almost everything that was just
said and as far as the statistic versus
the companies the icos that didn't get
enough investment and I SEOs that did
get the investment has absolutely
nothing to do with the technology has
absolutely nothing to do with their
proposal it all has to do did they hire
the right PR firm did they hire the
right people that have a lot of
followers on Twitter
did they advertise properly and this is
nothing like walking into a casino and
gambling because the casino is not
creating their own money you're coming
in there with your dollars and you're
gambling with dollars you there's no
unregistered trading and speculation on
that casino token I that comparison is
not even close and mark you're an
investor you know how difficult it is to
be an investor if you're a professional
investor if you're running a VC firm
it's a 24-hour job for you you are the
expert and most people will say you will
not beat the S&P 500 I don't understand
why people are trying to bring
speculative investment to the general
public when a professional can barely
get it right and not just you
capitalized on the word blockchain and
no one in the SEC can assess the quality
of these projects if they brought
someone like me as a consultant I would
tell them that 95% of everything that
has a blockchain on it is not even a
blockchain but this is not a question
this is not the question that we just
regulation this is a question of really
choosing the right company is really
having a proper matrix let's say let's
call because we again we are we're now
sort of in a global investment trend
where we're giving a people an
instrument where they can choose to see
that there is a proper management behind
the company that there is a proper or or
solid technology behind it or you know
evaluating what the future of the
company is and giving the company
financial instrument to to to create the
future so as an industry going through
the matters up but but and who to say
that security what the day job does not
have the ability to do that yes so what
we do it either for winners losers like
record of companies but we well I think
situation is changing quite faster the
bad starts you just mentioned it starts
from last year and base absolutely and
basically what has happening over the
last couple months a few months you can
see that there the way how the long
chain startups raise funds becomes more
hybrid model so you see that the more
money required to basically make
successful blockchain startups and I see
oh you need already a kind of prototype
product or ideally
first version of your product you need
to have a certain customers you have
much better business model in order to
raise funds as an IC o---- to IC o----
right now much more irrelevant when you
do have something not just an idea which
is put in a white paper so I think the
market start self-regulating this
problem in a way that first of all there
is
more kind of convergence of classical
venture investors and in new ways to
raise funds also there is new more like
hedge funds or more hybrid funds more
like even technology like theorem and
vitalik announced a few months ago that
the way how I co can raise funds may be
programmed in a smart conscious in the
way that the money raised raised floor
idea and then there are few teams
competing who will be the best team
delivering on the first stage of the of
the business world basically the
milestones pretty much the same as in
any venture investment business where
you expect delivery by certain time
within a certain budget and the next
round of money these startups can get
only if you deliver then a Nets program
and smart contracts that's that's kind
of still rough idea but what I'm trying
to say that sometimes we don't need
governments to regulate a certain thing
sometimes a substantial part of the job
regulating and cleaning the house is
basically to up to the market itself so
what do you think about that okay so I
do agree that the market is definitely
going to purge itself I see the
reincarnation of the dot-com bubble I
was still in university in the late 90s
when the pop when the bubble was
happening and when I came out I started
looking at it I was learning how to be a
trader and I couldn't understand how in
the world were people trading these
stocks on the Nasdaq for hundreds of
dollars a share and all they had was a
fancy website and absolutely no business
no product no revenue maybe one
developer and I poured 15 years I
couldn't understand how could I have
gotten that bad and now I'm live
reliving it I'm actually living right in
the middle of it I don't see any real
innovation happening here and the market
is certainly will purge itself what
worries me is that if you have a
competent company that did not ICO and
all they have is $100,000 to work with a
completely incompetent company decided
to ICO for an inferior product with
worse developers and they have 40
million dollars to work with they can
put the competent company completely out
of business and then you'll have nothing
at the end so you're almost forced to go
ICO if Flusser competitors are getting
infinite amount of money has runway just
one short comment bubble is a part of
the game when the new disruptive
technology came to the market if it
happens many times not only internet
dot-com bubble it's early stage that's
the thing which basically create the
market second is I agree with you that
the market should be regulated but and
to prevent any scams and another bad
stuff however the regulation should not
kill the new technology and in you
revolutional technology which I believe
will make the worth much better place so
which I mean that we cannot apply the
old country assaultive legislation in
trying to find a way how to regulate
completely you think new substance for
example if you say we apply IPO a
legislation or some standard classical
legislation to eyesores that means I am
as a startups need to spend more money
more resources before I start developing
my technology and offering to the market
so if we would follow at the fear please
don't yes don't sorry guys I was just
gonna I was going to say we're not
talking about regulation on the BLA of
the technology we're talking about
regulation of soliciting money from
unqualified investors and that should be
independent of the technology at hand
that's what the you can't confuse
regulation of preventing the technology
versus preventing the solicitation of
money I don't want to put any regulation
on the technology but the regulation
that existed on the solicitation of
money hundreds if not thousands of years
of regulation that came about because
everyone thinks that their idea is worth
300 million dollars when in reality it's
probably worthless and it is worthless
90% of the time all right
saying the technology is very suppressed
yeah a quick question to you the
dot-coms of 90s have made securing
change filing NASD and the exchange to
lista itself an exchange how did that
help the company the investors in these
companies to protect their money what
the security Exchange Commission did not
do and what we are actually proposing
more to do is really look more at the
companies and really bring a clearer
picture regarding the companies that are
doing the the pre I cor ICL's protecting
the investors this way but but
legislation did not help the investors
to overcome the dot-com bubble that did
not happen they lost money they okay so
here's the difference what we're talking
about two different levels of loss one
level of loss is from scammers Bernie
Madoff the fraud fraudsters and there's
plenty of fraud going on in the crypto
space and I think we've got to wipe that
out now the second issue is whether or
not people are gonna make bad investment
decisions based on poorly promoted
things I was in the dot-com I had
liquidity exits in the dot-com and
frankly it was a nightmare until after
2000 because we finally had real
companies I think it's an inevitable
process now one way that investors can
you know have at least some some kind of
anchor is to work with public companies
and you know of course we're proposing
that so I'm being very self-centered but
there is something to be said for a
company that has successfully raised
money for ten years and perhaps now it
comes out with an ICO and that's the
beginning but we the question is not
whether the SEC is good or bad is what
else do we have
we don't have any other framework and we
do need something and maybe Vlad comes
in with that point that he mentioned
earlier that would there is to build
that framework yes Maria that has to be
a balance between the protection of
investors but we should not be fighting
with shadows and we should not be
chasing shadows
we'd still need to support the new
technology and new methods of involving
money actually and the technology is
becoming indeed international so
international collaboration is very
important but that's that takes time
the development of blockchain projects
sometimes does not really need icos and
at the same time people who are coming
with ICO ideas they don't have
blockchain in their projects but they
simply need money for the startup and
they cannot access neither bank loans
nor venture capital so that's the
problem that has to be solved to my
opinion that's it telling what do you
think about that is there a
differentiation between ICO and
blockchain and vice-versa well look
everybody well if you don't have enough
money to start your idea you have a
problem but the solution to that problem
isn't I can tap into like unqualified
investors by paying someone to promote
my security on Twitter I just don't see
how that's possibly a solution if no one
is willing to give you money for your
idea either a your idea isn't very good
or B you need to maybe you should work
and save money and then you can spend
your own money for your own idea and
there is masters in small amounts so
what is your idea so revolutional so
dissertation people that is a hold on a
second people who are behind venture
investors and financial institutional
investors do not understand do not
believe in it but the thousands or
hundred thousands of people believe in
your idea and ready to to give you money
to make it real like with a block shake
like with aetherium but what would you
do have basically we say that what the
adoption of technology and the
revolution ideas will be will be very
slow and probably will never see the
market if we are dependent on a small
group of workers who are quite
conservative and don't understand the
future
all right mom so my final statement is
all I've seen from a lot of these pre
icos is you give your friends a bunch of
money there is a reason why going IPO is
expensive because it's done by a big
institution like a goldman sachs like a
JP Morgan because the one thing they
will not do is hand a bunch of
securities to their friends in the
beginning and then they get to sell on
the moment it goes public
for everyone to trade and in the ico
space it goes public within days if you
watch the movie wolf of Wall Street
that's exactly what they were doing
everything that was done in the movie
wolf of Wall Street is what's taking
place right now in the ico space with no
border restrictions no age restrictions
absolutely nothing and I think it's
gonna end very very badly and the bigger
it grows the worse that's gonna be told
my my counterpoint to that is we're
already there it's already happened
we've had massive Corrections already
regulation is a fact of life and frankly
waste is also a fact of life we're gonna
see I'm blown away about how much
innovation is happening right now and
mahat the waste but out of that crucible
we are gonna get some great coin
offerings and blockchain implementations
yeah just to say sorry bitcoin is the
only innovation that I've seen so far
Bitcoin has been the only innovation in
the why call since 2000 I think so I'm
having many requests very often and I
can tell you that some of them are
really worthy like they're worth it and
they cannot go to venture capitalists
first it's like mindset they're not ripe
enough and this stage like the seed
stage very early stage they're not ready
yet to go to venture capitalists but
again the whole bunch of projects are
based on new technology and they need
money like they need smart money but
what can be smarter than the community
support and that has started like 80
years
ago with the crowdfunding legislation
all over the world again crowdfunding is
a new reality and this is what you
really need I agree with marine mark
that regulation is important to prevent
scam and fraud and many bad things which
might happen with with a new emerging
technology but the question is who is
the judge who take who make a final
decision what kind of regulation will be
implemented and when I see all
conservative organizations try with
substantial lack of understanding of
this technology trying to to suggest a
certain legal framework how to regulate
this I I became I become deeply
concerned about that because this might
reduce the opportunity for blockchain
startups for for this new industry to
develop as far as the shoot I'd say at
the same time I think the government's
in the countries which ban the ICO which
ban certain blockchain technologies they
they shouldn't their own lack because
basically they they will not benefit
from this technology when it become a
mainstream regime most doors of course I
completely agree we need highly
competent specialists to evaluate I cos
that's a walk to nights well blockchain
is something decentralized and Beyond
Borders
this increases the significance and
responsibility of every player on this
market probably the most rigorously
knows not the problem is not about
regulation or the way we should treat
icos or anything like that we understand
society is undergoing transformation and
a process of economic freedom in the
literal sense of the word it means that
we're moving away from intermediaries
and surprisingly from governments
regularly
we're heading toward the state where
people become economically free and
remain unbound by third-party agents
including banks and any other middlemen
that regulate and determine who can
invest where and how much people are
starting to make their own decisions
that's creating a trusted environment in
which they immerse themselves
cryptocurrencies are not transferred
from country to country they remain in
this trusted environment is the people
who go from jurisdiction to jurisdiction
from country to country from continent
to continent and this allows them to
create new technology of course some
governments are lagging behind and will
continue to do so because they're
already becoming irrelevant people are
creating new virtual states to be clear
this transition from the old economy to
the new economy is inevitable it can be
slowed down but it cannot be stopped and
I believe it is pointless in the context
of a cryptocurrency based economy to
argue who and how much should invest a
small screw is more qualified as for the
dollar economy where the state acts as
an intermediary and is responsible for
all these manipulations it should know
where its boundaries like it shouldn't
try to interfere with the new different
type of economy because a clash between
these two economies will inevitably lead
to a global degradation of the
conventional system we're all currently
living in all so we shouldn't be too
hasty about jumping into the new economy
the approach should be reasonable and
deliberate and the people who manage the
conventional economy need to clearly
understand how to let go of their reins
of power how to relax them and not early
on instructing monitoring and managing
this new economy when you thorin can
control them and on these wise words we
will
the crypto debate right here on our T
this is crypto Liam your one and only
stop for everything hot in the world of
blockchain stay tuned I'm Miguel Francis
Santiago
