ngo group the German Society for
international cooperation AKA e's has
started an internal probe after it was
accused of fostering a culture of
anti-semitism the allocation comes from
israel's NGO monitor which reports on
the work of other ngos several Gea's
employees have made controversial
facebook posts for example one reads I
hate Israel another post is a satirical
drawing we spoke to a representative of
the NGO monitor about this case what is
really shocking about the posts that
were put online by at least 11 employees
of GI Zetas a German federal agency that
implements projects on behalf of the
German government is basically the fact
that you have employees German employees
representing the government that spread
violent anti-semitic and and it's not
even anti-israel this is Israel hatred
posts freely over the years without
being sanctioned and this is all the
while on the very high level of of
German government the message has been
very clear we identified that there is a
rise in anti-semitism and we will fight
it and Israel is incremental part of
German foreign policy its existence its
safety and relationships with Israel
gives itself has denied any accusations
of anti-semitism however it's worth
noting that the organization employs
almost 150 staff members and the
Palestinian territories Israeli writer
Gideon Levy says it's important to
distinguish anti-semitic sentiments from
anti-israel ones it's again and again
this notion that any critic of Israel is
immediately perceived in Israel as
anti-semitism and that's a very
efficient way to release ourselves from
any attack to not to be accountable for
anything
many media's in the world are very very
careful in criticizing Israel because
they are so scared to
labeled as anti-semites one should know
there is anti-semitism in the world but
not any critic of Israel is
anti-semitism as a matter of fact most
of the critics of Israel are not
anti-semites because there is a lot to
criticize about Israel let's be honest
