blockchain cryptocurrencies are becoming
increasingly important to relief efforts
in Puerto Rico where 100,000 people are
still without power following 2017 s
hurricane Maria today Puerto Rico was
set to receive $25,000 from Bitcoin
entrepreneurs RT is a Miguel Francis
Santiago spoke with some of these
innovators Berto Rico has received an
influx of blockchain innovators who
pledged to transform the region after
hurricane Maria's devastating damage
what I'm hoping happens is lots of
people come to Puerto Rico and they take
a look
these people are amazing they're so nice
it's so there's so much culture it's so
beautiful here why is it that it that
things are so difficult why er why are
there such struggles maybe I can make a
difference maybe I can help with this
the ethos of three consecutive
conferences the D 10 e blockchain bound
and point agenda we're all working
together to build a community of the
future and give back to the people of
Puerto Rico today we're going to install
five different solar solar setups to
bring power to home
water chain stems from a 10 year old
incorporated company and is going into
blockchain to decentralize water by
creating a system of sensors automating
water treatment and recycling process
it shows Puerto Rico and teamed up with
restart week for its first system
implementation what's the country that
recycles the most water you tell me
Israel of course 80% recycling rate the
next one down in the world is Spain with
20% where is the US one percent here's
the worst part of it
80% of all water in the world is not
treated it's just runs into the ocean so
a trillion dollar water industry should
be a five trillion dollar water industry
and we anticipate that up what happened
with Flint is that a part of that
problem it's a part of the problem
because the water infrastructure in the
u.s. is literally falling apart it's old
and what's happening is forced
decentralization with
the town's a municipalities are telling
the users you clean your own water well
I see that as an opportunity because we
can get those users to adopt the very
best technologies and reuse their water
now long before we build that we want to
get to work right away here and put
there we go we're not going to wait to
build all this structure we're just
going to go ahead and use some of the
early investment to literally put
shovels in the ground
and build a system right here right now
this year more or less all my dogs are
on operate with integrity
remember that you're building community
stay tuned for more building the future
in Puerto Rico with Wesley Snipes Max
Keiser me Komets amaura crystal Rose and
much more
on the Fotolia on our team
you
