the US State Department could require
visa applicants who want to visit
America to reveal information about the
social media accounts they've used over
the last five years
it's American well if you're looking to
apply for a US visa you might need to
clean up your social media posts or risk
getting rejected visa applicants could
be asked to turn over their social media
history as part of Trump's new extreme
betting policies now if it does pass
applicants will be forced to disclose
five years of their social media history
and then the information will be used to
apparently vet and identify them but the
State Department says this knot might
not be it they could even expand the
list of required disclosures and if you
think that's too intrusive the plan also
requires emails and phone history well
the proposal received a mixed reaction
online from people saying it's an attack
on privacy and others mocked it as of
having to have a visa and passport to
travel the world is bad enough how they
want to base it on your social media
activity well there goes freedom of
speech as well as freedom of movement US
government we want your social media
names in order to get a visa me because
freedom of speech is only something the
almighty Americans get hell is unleashed
for tourism
now the other countries will ask the
thing for American tourists can't wait
to print out every single one of my six
thousand seven hundred fifty-four tweets
one per page and hand them to
immigration the plan could potentially
affect about fourteen point seven
million people every year similar
policies in the past only applied to
people that pose a serious security risk
and these no plans are supposedly part
of Trump's larger counterterrorism
policy now some even joked that if other
countries had similar laws in place
Trump's the inflammatory tweeting could
have gotten himself banned from
traveling abroad political activist
Christian Mancera says the State
Department's proposal should only have a
limited applicability this new idea by
Trump may work in terms of black going
after people that the American embassies
in the local countries know are either
terrorists
have you no ties to organized crime or
to narcotics trafficking this would
probably serve a good purpose but the
embassies would have to have special
personnel that would have to check these
social media sites because this would
take forever so I think this is
something that must be considered
because I don't believe that going after
social media the private lives of
citizens that in most part are very good
people would serve the purpose of
limiting the incoming immigrants that
come into the US now in terms of vetting
and making sure that the right people
come in to United States there are other
measures that could be taken but not
going after social media because this
will definitely have a very very
damaging effect not only on tourism but
also on social media outlets that
promote freedom of speech and the
ability of people to share their lives
what are their loved ones and friends
first of all it attacks privacy it
attacks the freedom of speech
