WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has
been denied internet access since Monday
and isn't being allowed visitors at the
Ecuadorian Embassy in London where he's
been staying for almost six years now
sources close to the whistleblower group
Herve told RT why the Ecuadorian
officials took those decisions as
Anastacio chiquinho reports according to
sources close to WikiLeaks we have
learnt that the Accord Orion government
had placed electronic jammers inside the
Ecuadorian embassy right behind me where
Julian Assange has been holed up for
over five and a half years now and the
idea of this was to block him from being
able to tweet as well as communicate
with the outside world hold telephone
conversations or have access to the
intranet generally speaking we also
understand that he's back he's been
banned from having visitors inside the
embassy and apparently all of this comes
following a publication in the
Ecuadorian press about Julian Assange as
tweets concerning the Catalan issue
specifically the detention of Catalan
independence leader Carlos Bustamante in
Germany earlier this week and our
understanding according to this source
close to WikiLeaks as that Julian
Assange and his team have been informed
of having to delete a certain tweet that
he had posted among others concerning
the Catalan issue
in 1940 the elected president of
Catalonia Luis Campanas was captured by
the Gestapo at the request of Spain
delivered to them and executed today
German police have arrested the elected
president of Catalonia
Karla's preached de menthe at the
request of Spain to be extradited
well Asajj took refuge inside the
embassy in 2012 after being accused of
rape in Sweden which was later dropped
by Stockholm authorities the
whistleblower fears leaving the embassy
and being extradited to the US where he
faces charges of espionage
what a discuss this are now joined by
journalist and documentary filmmaker
John Pilger John thank you very much
indeed for joining us the Ecuadorians
say Assange violated an agreement he was
made to sign saying he shouldn't comment
on Foreign Affairs while his side deny
that this happens so what do you think
is a real reason for these punishments
oh I don't know about an agreement what
I do know is this in fact and you have
to step back this is about a war on
freedom of speech this man is being
denied the most basic right freedom of
speech it's it's not it's part of a
wider war the wider war is against known
enemies and Russia is one of them China
is another but at the moment it's out of
propaganda stage and preventing Julian
Assange his organization WikiLeaks has
been has done so much to expose the the
true nature of this war the rapacious
side to this war and the dangers that it
presents silencing him taking away this
basic freedom of speech is his part of
that it's part of the the propaganda war
but be that the attack in Salisbury
represents here we have a Russian
diplomats being expelled all over the
world on the basis of no evidence of no
evidence and when Julian Assange tweeted
recently he wasn't saying that the
Russians might not necessarily be
innocent of this he was just suggesting
that there was no evidence but that's
what this propaganda war is about it is
a war on speaking out it is a war on
dissent it is a war on the very things
that I'm saying at the moment it's a war
on journalism and requires collaborators
collaborators like in The Guardian this
despicable journalist James all who who
who wrote today and other collaborates
these these are not journalists because
this is about
public's right to know and it's the
public's right to know what their
governments are doing the second part of
this war is about a real war you forget
the whole idea of trade war we've got
the prospect of a real war unless this
propaganda war is seen through that's
why this attack on Julian Assange of
freedom of speech yes the attack on him
and WikiLeaks over the years is so
important because it does what
journalism should be doing and that is
holding great power to account do you
think in this particular instance though
there's something in the timing here
being significant given the fact that
the British Minister Alan Duncan out if
he recently heard him say that Assange
was a miserable little worm in
Parliament do you think this thing
something significant about the timing
right now this is just an abusive rather
lowlife politician who stands up in
Parliament and says what he can't say
Julian can't can't can't answer back
he's prevented from answering back well
actually he has answered back already
but that's that's irrelevant you're
absolutely right in terms of its timing
its timing to do with this this this
propaganda episode in Salisbury and
that's what it has been because
something in which has produced no
evidence and yet has brought us so close
to a provocative stage of war with the
world's second-biggest Arsenal country
with an arsenal of nuclear powers is is
is something that we really have to
seriously consider but they all knitted
together not any great conspiracy as
such but they're all part of the same
thing a propaganda war will lead to a
shooting war and this attack on free
speech this attack on Assange is
integral to that do you think then that
Ecuador is feeling the pressure finally
feeling the pressure I mean he's been
there for six years now from other
countries
yes of course it is it's a tiny country
it's a tiny country in Latin America and
most countries in Latin America not all
that long ago were vassal states of the
United States the US could do with it
could do it it wanted with them and it
was the previous president who stood up
to them
this government appears not to be able
to stand up up to them is buckling to
pressure but of course it did it is the
great bully against a small country in
Latin America well the Ecuadorian
Embassy has since warned of possible
further measures against a siren what
could these entail what what can they do
they know it's just cruelty now the
United Nations the United Nations
working party on unlawful detention that
is the highest panel in the world has
said that Julian Assange is detained
unlawfully and that he should be set
free and that his his his his his his
human rights his basic human rights are
contravened day after day so what can
the Ecuadorian government do what can it
do to make it even more cruel for him
the fact that this man has withstood the
pressure that he he has is extraordinary
absolutely extraordinary doing the job
the journalists should be doing but
instead of become collaborators this
truly disgraceful imitation of what real
news gathering should be people should
be answering back you know this began in
2008 really when there was a secret
Pentagon report which said that their
aim was to destroy the trust in
WikiLeaks and that's what they've set
out to do to destroy Assad because and
they made it quite clear this was their
mission
Porter's permission to do that was in
order to destroy true journalism a few
years later we had a Ministry of Defense
report in the in the UK which which we
can leach leaked which said that there
were three threats to the establishment
so-called establishment of the UK US and
elsewhere in the West
Russian spies was one terrorists was two
but top of the list was investigative
journalists and until journalists wake
up but this is their moment until they
speak up and start behaving like
journalists and giving the public the
information that people have a right to
know then we are headed for war I've
been a journalist for many years I've
been distinguished as a journalist I've
never been more certain of something
I've never known a situation a world so
precarious as the one we're in at the
moment and finally then John what do you
think which legal options would you say
are still open to Julian Assange to
possibly leave the embassy a free man
well the legal option the British
government is breaking the law they
participated in a 16 month long
investigation by the United Nations
which came out with its report they went
along with it they didn't like the
result so they didn't comply with it
it's like walking out of a court you
don't like the verdict you know and you
can't often do that that's what they've
done the law is very clear a son has
long been vindicated the Swedish case
with bogus that collapsed the political
case against him has been answered many
times over and the international case is
is something that is is there for all to
see and to understand if they want to
and that is that the United Nations
has called on the British government to
abide by international law and give
Assange a political refugee free passage
out of the embassy it hasn't that's what
it should do depends on whether that's
going to happen doesn't it John Pilger
journalist and documentary filmmaker
thank you very much indeed for your
thoughts thank you
