we have long said that Russia remains a
country that is interested in fiddling
with other people's elections the United
States that is not unique to the United
States we've seen that in Mexico we've
seen that in France European countries
that have elections coming up we've seen
Russian attempts at Medellin and also
with the with propaganda as well so we
can't say that the United States is
going to be any safer from its election
as a result Russia has long arms Russia
has lots of tentacles we imagine that
they will continue to have an interest
in our elections but also many other
nations elections as well okay
arms antennae quite acquitted the beast
from the deep sea I just want to make an
appeal can you try you just said an
answer to her question I don't know what
these guys were up to can you ask I'm
saying I don't personally know exactly
what they were up to but we can say they
were spies we're kicking them out the
nation will be safer we will be better
off as a country with 60 less spies here
in the United States just find out ask
if from this building we can get someone
to give us even a general idea of
whatever bad stuff these guys were doing
not like it's you know it doesn't have
to be completely specific but just some
idea because frankly just saying that
dudes a spy get out I mean but these are
things that are tracked closely by I'm
sure they people here in Washington
you
