60 Russian diplomats have been ordered
to leave the u.s. in response to
Russia's alleged involvement in the
poisoning of double agent
Sergey s crippled in the UK as part of a
coordinated series of expulsion by
Western countries the US State
Department says it takes the UK's word
that Russia was responsible for the
attack certainly know that Russia is
responsible for that attack that is
something that is not in question that's
something that the Brits and many other
countries have said as well
we stand strongly with our ally with the
UK and when the UK tells us that they
have proof that they know Russia was
responsible we have every reason to
believe them you haven't seen their
evidence they're proof I've not really
seen their proof that would not come
over to the State Department that would
most likely go to another building so
I'd refer you to any of those other
intelligence departments that Altezza
maricon was at the reason the State
Department briefing on the expulsion of
Russian diplomats main topic of
discussion was Washington's expulsion of
Russian diplomats the most out of all
countries to do so over the alleged
poisoning of a former double agent and
his daughter on British soil
a spokesman now it was bombarded with
questions regarding evidence or lack
thereof and most boiled down to whether
the u.s. possesses any concrete evidence
linking brush to the crime and it's the
expelled diplomats were really spiced
how do you know these specific 60 people
were can you give us any kind of example
of what these people were doing that
made them not real diplomats I don't
have access to that kind of information
what were they jumping the subway
turnstile you're being funny it's
different with the UN I don't you have
to provide evidence to the UN maybe I
just answer that but I don't know the
answer to that if I can get an answer
for you I would be happy to provide you
while answering now are basically
admitted that Washington hasn't seen any
proof but somehow they've still decided
to take London's claims as gospel now I
have the rare opportunity to ask a
question and I mentioned that the OPCW
or the organization for the prohibition
of chemical weapons hasn't released the
results of the investigate
yet and she said that Russia wasn't
cooperating we look forward to the OPCW
completing its investigation we also
hope at the same time that Russia will
return to the UN Security Council and
will agree to some sort of a mechanism
like the joint investigative mechanism
that they had stood in the way of and in
fact defeated numerous times well now
our blatantly ignored the fact that
Russia has been saying it's ready to
cooperate with British authorities since
the day of the assassination attempt so
it seems that Washington doesn't believe
in its own philosophy that one is
innocent until proven guilty
Russia has long arms Russia has lots of
tentacles we imagine that they will
continue to have an interest in our
elections but also many other nations
elections as well arms the beasts from
the deep sea it's part of a much bigger
scenario that's taking place you know
some people refer to it as a new Cold
War but in some ways it's more dangerous
in the old Cold War but you know there's
a certain hypocrisy involved you think
of how serious this is and the response
to this compared to how serious it was
when the United States and Britain and
the others invaded Iraq did all these
European countries stand up and expel
American diplomats for an invasion of
Iraq that was far more serious of course
not you know this is part of a Cold War
positioning with the West standing up
against Russia and Russia responding but
I think that if we're gonna take such
strong action we need firm proof and we
need to begin presenting some of this
evidence to the public the incident of
Russia is implicated in happened on a
March the 4th when a former Russian
intelligence agent turned British spy
together with his daughter were found
unconscious on a park bench in the UK
city of Salisbury the authorities
suspect Sergei and Yulia Schiphol were
poisoned by a nerve agent of a type
produced in the Soviet Union Moscow
denies any involvement in the poisoning
and says its attempt to cooperate with
London on the matter continue to be
ignored
