anger has been mounting in the central
Russian city of camera fur where
thousands of protesters have been
calling for the resignation of the
regional government 64 people including
many children were killed in an inferno
in a shopping center there on Sunday
demonstrators say the local authorities
response to the fire was not good enough
they're demanding answers and justice
for the victims of the tragedy people
have been rallying right throughout the
day were pleated ly chanting the word
truth some claim a number of deaths is
being downplayed and that 85 people are
still missing 38 of the officially
acknowledged victims have not yet been
identified
President Putin flew out to Siberia
earlier he laid flowers at a makeshift
memorial outside the shopping complex he
also met survivors in hospital and gave
his personal thoughts on the disaster
when you hear for the first time how
many people died the children died you
don't just want to cry you want to
scream but after you hear what's
happening here frankly you feel very
different just as good the region's
governor in particular has been facing
harsh criticism for failing to address
the protesters he reportedly apologized
for the tragedy in a call to the
president however his ask the crowds for
forgiveness
people out protesting on camera VA's
main square for over ten hours this
Tuesday
Eagles danav is in the city for us he's
been talking to locals about what
happened their emotional and they want
answers and probably the perfect
metaphor to sum up one question on
everybody's mind in one way or another
or another is this kid
clearly the motion here the motion level
is borderline hysterical people want to
know why why the fire prevention system
didn't work why people had to break
through fire exits the very paths to
that were supposed to lead people to
safety were locked so people had to jump
from windows for their lives running for
their lives they wanted to know why the
personnel of the shopping mall was not
trained how to behave how to help people
in such and such an emergency so instead
of helping they actually hampered I ran
upstairs cinema stuff didn't let me
through they pushed me my daughter asked
me why no one was saving her I asked the
fireman to do something but he just
stared at me I ran to the third floor
firemen stood there do nothing in front
of the door my daughter told me that she
loved me and that she was suffocating I
told her to get down on the floor and
begged her not to die the children are
there it isn't a matter of how many are
dead now unless we change something
hundreds of others could die this is of
course it's only a portion of
experiences inside that shopping mall
talking to people here talking to
survivors we know that security guards
actually often warned people about the
beginning fine and we've heard some
stories of security guards heroically
hiring children out of the blaze now
another very important thing people want
to know here is whether or not the
authorities are lowering down the number
of the dead in the blaze because
everyone we've talked to from taxi
drivers to bystanders and passers-by and
people who brought flowers to the vigil
they all seem to believe
that the actual number of people who
died in the blaze could reach 300 and
500 people and that the authorities are
trying touch it down so to speak some
people went to the morgues to see with
their own eyes whether or not the rumors
are true and years years basically the
two different points of view on this the
authorities claimed that 64 bodies were
found and a few are missing some numbers
are not that high but no one believes
that why because it was a Sunday there
were lots of people it was a school
holiday free movie tickets were handed
out people arrived on tour buses that is
widely known information I was at the
morgue on Volga Great Scott Street there
are 67 bodies there 64 of them from the
shopping center burnt bodies three
others are not related to that incident
there are a lot of children there
Vladimir Putin who landed here and
camera early in the morning and he has
already laid flowers at the vigil and
talk to some of the citizens to comfort
them over their loss his words were
echoed by the deputy governor who also
promised for everything to be out there
in the open the Russian Investigative
Committee is in its turn putting under
arrest five people who they had earlier
detained in connection with the blaze
now among those people is the owner of
the shopping mall the fire safety chief
and one of the security guards right now
it looks that everything is being done
to bring all those responsible to
justice the blazing camera is one of the
deadliest in Russia and living history
in living memory it took firefighters
over 17 hours to extinguish it here's a
closer look at how the catastrophe
unfolded
Dennis papa
Daniel recording bass in Ferguson
there's no video of prevention against
which there was a digit multimeter
nikka Cooper's are the signal deserts of
actionable
music is just pushes the vacuums
ecology ready table to the fertility
projector which amused
for rural youngsters visit to the big
city is always an adventure these twelve
year old classmates went to town and
they went bowling ice skating to the
cinema it would be the last adventure
dozens and dozens dead but they aren't
just numbers
they all had names lives who the
compensation in the world won't cover
their family's loss especially given
that so many of the victims were
children
Masha was there with her grandmother she
only turned 10 last week and posted this
photo online exactly a decade is all she
got in this world both she and her
grandmother perished Tatyana
an English teacher she was there with
her daughter who survived that jana got
her out of the building before hearing
that others were still trapped she went
to help rescue who she could strangers
but she never came back out you were the
best teacher in the world who right her
former students you didn't deserve this
we will all remember you she did that
without the polis to the Tamils
daddy's not Hispanic you did little
ratty boy
pictured here with his mum and dad she
wasn't with them but imagine her pain
when she had to identify the bodies of
her child and husband not even surviving
is easy some say he jumped others that
his father threw him out of the window
in the desperate effort to save his
little boy before succumbing to the
smoke himself his parents and little
sister there are too many to mention
here that the point is made a list of
names is one thing but it's only when
you get to know them just a little that
the depth of this tragedy really hits
you Wednesday has been declared a
national day of mourning in Russia
dozens of cities across the country have
announced remembrance services for
Tuesday evening and people in Israel
Hungary Estonia Ukraine and other
countries have also been laying flowers
outside Russian embassies flowers were
also laid in the former Soviet republics
of Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan artis
Medina carnival correspondent is that a
vigil in Red Square in Moscow Medina
what's happening where you are right now
well this is just one of the two events
that are taking place here and the
Russian capital to commemorate the
victims of the deadly place in the city
of camera now here here in the downtown
of Moscow just overlooking Kremlin
crowds of people keep coming in and
they're bringing flowers and many of
bringing candles now that the
remembrance of is going to take place
just a little bit further away from here
there is a bench where some of the
photos of the victims are late and
people are laying flowers and lighting
candles and
paying their last respects now we see
different people here mostly young
people and students as working hours are
not over here in the capital so we do
expect to see more people coming in
later today there's going to be another
event taking place just a walking
distance away from here so we do expect
to see more people later and Moscow is
not the only city where remembering
services are taking place they're
actually taking place across the country
as it is a very difficult moment now for
the whole nation a horrible a tragic
event took place on Sunday and people
are shocked not only in Russia but
across the world so it's quite
extraordinary how people come together
in situations like this Medina Conover
from central Moscow thank you for that
