in other world news now Facebook founder
Mark Zuckerberg took out a series of ads
in Sunday newspapers in the US and
Britain apologizing for his failure to
protect users data he says the company
will now do its best to ensure it
doesn't happen again a recent poll in
the u.s. suggests that Facebook is the
least trusted major American tech
company only 41% of those said they had
faith in a social media platform
following the recent scandal several IT
specialists claimed that Facebook isn't
only storing data which users have
uploaded to the platform but also
contact lists call logs and even text
messages some say the data has been
collected for years we discussed the
breach with internet law expert Yair
Cohen Facebook is clearly in the wrong
here because what Facebook has done is
it has given access to a third party to
a vast amount of data or Facebook users
without those users consent and
permission once apologizing for the
breach of data mr. Zuckerberg also made
a lot of effort to divert the attention
into political issues
so what really mr. Zuckerberg was saying
we apologize for allowing Facebook data
to be used for the purpose of
manipulating political campaigning now
this is not really the issue what he
really needs to apologize is not for
taking steps or not taking steps that
could possibly put the election what he
needs to apologize for is for the breach
of data full stop and he hasn't done
that yet story
WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange an
outspoken critic of Facebook has tweeted
a simple guide to check if your personal
data has been collected by the social
media site Assange found himself on the
wrong side of the law after leaking
secret US government documents and as
Jacqueline Vega now explains there's
pressure for the Coburg in some quarters
to be treated in a similar way the theft
of the personal data of around
50 million Facebook members came as a
shock to many but not for WikiLeaks
founder Julian Assange who pointed out
on Twitter that if you're not paying for
a product you are the product Assange
has never had an account on Facebook and
calls the platform a giant intelligence
database something that he also told us
back in an interview in 2011 Facebook in
particular is the most appalling spying
machine that has ever been invented here
we have the world's most comprehensive
database about people their
relationships their names their
addresses all sitting within the United
States all accessible to u.s.
intelligence an Assange hasn't missed
the irony involved when it comes to the
treatment he has received for publishing
information on WikiLeaks versus the
virtual hero-worship Mark Zuckerberg has
enjoyed over the years now to be fair
Zuckerberg was crowned the Person of the
Year back in 2010 long before it came
out that he effectively sold user
information to third parties but the
comparison isn't without merit
Zuckerberg has been hailed as a
visionary leader taking us into the
modern world with rumors even
circulating that he could be a
challenger to Donald Trump in 2020 and
yet his company has been caught time and
again serving up users personal
information
despite Zuckerberg promises to take
privacy seriously you know on most other
services the the privacy is an important
thing but on a facebook privacy is
central I mean we take our role really
seriously I think it's my job and an our
job to protect everyone who uses
Facebook and all the information that
they share with us but actions speak
louder than words right back in 2011 the
platform settled with the Federal Trade
Commission over charges that third-party
apps were able to access nearly all of
the users personal data unbeknownst to
them and Facebook promised to fix the
problem
sound familiar just a couple of years
later a bug was found on the site that
exposed the email addresses and phone
numbers of 6 million Facebook users and
as a part of a legal battle running
since 2015 belgian court's order the
social media giant in february of this
year to stop collecting the private
information of belgian users on
third-party sites a decision that
facebook is not accepting and continues
to appeal and that brings us to today
and
this rather amusing meme julian assange
has been living in a London embassy for
over five years has had his life
threatened by politicians and has been
called a traitor for his work as a
whistleblower and while Zuckerberg may
not exactly be sitting pretty at the
moment what with the hit his company
stocks have taken and the requests from
both the US and the UK to testify on the
situation
I highly doubt the guy will be facing
life-threatening consequences if any at
all but only time will tell
