three people have been killed in
southern France after a gunman hijacked
a car before taking hostages at a
supermarket the attacker had pledged
allegiance to Islamic state and was
eventually shot dead by Special Forces
officers
our correspondent in France Salah
dubitzky can tell us more now Charlotte
a lot more details have been confirmed
in the past couple of hours can you
bring us up to speed please yes that's
why we know that the hostage taker has
been killed or neutralized by the police
who were monitoring that situation in
the town of TREB in the South of France
where we understand two people were
killed we know in fact they've been
confirmed as two people were killed
inside that supermarket and a number of
others were injured we've also been
hearing from the interior minister
Shahar Kalume who took control of this
operation some hours ago this is what he
had to say this morning he attacked the
driver of a car who he gravely wounded
another was also wounded he then left
came across police officers who he also
wounded he then arrived in Trevor
stormed the supermarket shot and killed
two people at this point the police
intervened and were able to help some
hostages leave leftenant Colonel who's
with his officers offered to take the
place of a hostage so he stayed with him
the terrorists fired shots
the officers intervened and killed the
terrorists you see
well let's take a look at now know what
we know about the hostage taker who has
been killed by the police in France we
believe that we were told that he was a
26 year old his name is Edwin lactam and
he was known to the police for petty
theft and also for some drug use and now
we understand he was under police
surveillance but there were no signs
according to the Interior Minister of
radicalization and in fact they've said
that the action that he took today was
deemed to be very unexpected we know
that President Ma corn has been
attending a meeting in Brussels and EU
meeting today
he said he'll return to France to recall
to coordinate the response to this
attack which has been deemed a terror
attack and I will tell you a little bit
more about what's been emerging from
inside that hostage situation in the
town of TREB emerging that when the
gunfire was first heard at some of the
supermarket workers actually tried to
get some of those who are inside the
supermarket out to safety we understand
a number were taken and able to shelter
nearby while this operation was
undergoing that operation and that
hostage situation almost around four
hours in duration we also understand
that police were trying to negotiate
with the lactam who apparently said he
wanted vengeance for what was happening
in Syria and he also made the demand
it's been reported that he wanted one of
the men who survived the Paris attack
and he's accused of carrying out that
Paris attack in 2015 in which 130 people
were killed to be released that person
is currently under facing a trial for
that attack we also heard about some
acts of heroism today it appears that
one member of the Jean DOM were in
France offered to swap places with a
hostage in that super used supermarket
and in doing so left his mobile phone
open throughout the incident so that
when the police the hundreds of police
who are out
right and who had been trying to
negotiate with the hostage taker heard
gunfire shots they went in and stormed
that supermarket and killed the hostage
taker but just to confirm three people
dead in a series of incidents including
two inside that hostage situation at the
supermarket the hostage taker has been
killed by the police
it's been confirmed he is a 26 year old
Redwan lactam and was known to the
police although the interior minister
has said that there was no signs that he
had been radicalized and the action he
took today Nicky was unexpected
Charlotte thank you for those details
and so many conflicting reports over the
past few hours thank you for clarifying
some of those four is that Charlotte
Dubinsky speaking live from Paris
okay well let's discuss this further
with our guests now anima Shan former
mi5 intelligence officer and he always
good to have you on the program
so it's emerged that the from the
Interior Minister is said that the
suspect was under police surveillance
that if the attacker was known to police
for petty crime and had been monitored
to some degree don't even they should
have picked up on his extremist views or
is that unlikely
I would have thought it should be likely
it's part of a person that we're seeing
emerging across Europe over the last few
years of people carrying out these a
low-tech type of attacks with high
victim rates who are of course on the
radar of at least the police if not
indeed of the intelligence agencies but
for some reason they're not being
watched carefully enough they're not
being monitored carefully enough they're
not being followed around and they're
allowed to get more radicalized and
carry out these are calling deeds so
this used to be one of the latest in a
series I mean most recently in the UK we
had the trial of the young man Iraqi
asylum seeker who planted a bomb on the
London Underground Parsons green tube
which failed to detonate fully but still
injured a number of people and it turned
out that he was known to have him
radicalized he was known to have gone to
Isis training camps and yet was still
allowed into the UK and still allowed to
carry out this attack so how did they
stop these sort of attacks and I think
this gets back to the old point I keep
making which is the intelligence
agencies have an over reliance on
electronic snooping at electronic
surveillance
they neglect to a certain extent the
real importance of pre-emptive human
intelligence where you send agents into
these communities to find out what
people are thinking what they're
planning what they might be about to do
and that's what is lacking at the moment
when something like this happens it
understandably rattles people's sense of
security what will the repercussions of
the attack be do you think it's hard to
see what more France can do I mean they
had a state of emergency declared after
the battle an attacks of which Abdeslam
was one of the key members he's
currently on trial in Brussels and this
guy a lactam was apparently acting in
support of him but they had a state of
emergency which was then rescinded to
great fanfare by President macron in
October last year and yet at the very
same time what he actually did was sign
into the legislation a new piece of law
which was just as draconian as that
state of emergency and that is a
counterterrorism law so all the powers
are still there in France they've just
changed the name they've changed the
terminology and yet all those powers are
still preventing the Security Agency the
police from protecting their French
citizens so I fail to see how much more
they can do I mean civil liberties
campaigners in France have been aghast
at the news sweeping powers put in place
with this counterterrorism law marine
lepen has commented on the incident
saying that France is at war standing
very similar to one presidents are not
so long ago President Hollande what do
you make of those comments
I think that's quite inflammatory I mean
France has experience of terrorist
attacks for many decades
just like the UK had with the
Provisional IRA the French had problems
with our Geryon terrorists during their
the separatist war and and afterwards in
the 1990s so they have experience they
haven't given away their liberties and
their freedoms and the the the
protections of their constitution even
under very sustained attack from
Algerian terrorists in the 1990s so why
they now do it for very low level
attacks I fail to see and it's an
ongoing pattern as I said across Europe
these low-level discs displaced
dispossessed Arab youth across Europe
often involved in low-level crime and
you know on the fringes of such gangs do
become radicalized and I think that the
question is how to identify those who
might be susceptible to such
radicalization is what the communities
in our societies need to look at in
order to work out how to try and counter
it rather than cracking down on all our
civil liberties all our human rights in
the name of fighting terrorism anima sha
inform mi5 intelligence officer thank
you for sharing your thoughts with us
