Amahl trump has revealed who will take
over as his new security adviser the man
being appointed is former UN Ambassador
John Bolton who's known for his strong
stance on North Korea and Iran the
appointment was made in typical Trump
style on Twitter the u.s. president also
made use of the social media platform
earlier this month when he fired his
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson kill
apartment has a look now at the new
arrival through Washington's revolving
door he is the third national security
adviser to the Donald Trump
administration in the last 14 months
John Bolton is a longtime advocate of
the use of force against Iran and
against North Korea now those are two
countries that are rather vital for the
Trump administration in the coming
months in May Donald Trump will have to
weigh in on the Iran deal whether or not
it will continue and furthermore the USA
is on the verge of carrying out the
historic meeting the first meeting
between a head of state of the USA and
the leader of the Democratic People's
Republic of Korea so at this point a lot
of questions remain so the fact that
John Bolton has been selected is rather
interesting I think they want to make
peace I think it's time so it could be a
long and unproductive meeting or it
could be a short and unproductive
meeting we hope that these new measures
directed at the Iranian dictatorship
will compel the government to reevaluate
its pursuit of terror
at the expense of its people well I
think he's on the verge of making a
mistake I think his advisers are pushing
him in the wrong direction
you know honestly the certification
question is utterly irrelevant John
Bolton served as the US ambassador to
the United Nations under the
administration of George W Bush and his
appointment was quite controversial at
that time for statements he had made
harshly criticizing the United Nations
pain trail Donald Trump was quite
critical of military intervention ISM by
the United States us saying that he
wanted to stop toppling regimes however
John Bolton is a longtime advocate for
military interventions around the world
so big developments on the horizon
regarding Iran and Nour
career a lots of reaction on this as you
would expect including from former US
diplomat Jim Jairus who told us the
appointment of John Bolton could
aggravate this situation with her run a
lot of people mistakenly said that
during the campaign Trump said he would
tear up the agreement because it was a
very bad agreement he didn't exactly
said that and he said it was a very bad
agreement but he likes to make bad
agreements good I think he came in with
the notion that if he was threatening
enough we could get the Europeans on
board and pressure the Russians and the
Chinese to say that we want to add
missile technology and not threatening
it Israel a lot of other things to the
agreement to change the agreement to
something he likes better maybe that's
still their game plan maybe they think
if they have somebody who is
sufficiently bellicose they can scare
the Europeans in deciding with the
Americans on changing the agreement and
not have to pull out of it but I have no
doubt now that regime change is going to
be a cardinal conscious goal of American
policy and failing that it there will be
an attempt to do so by military means
