for about your graphic administra
nostril until Napoleon I understood but
restored watts the Sigma Marta Minister
astrology or assistive Idris is Jewish
Lavrov posited Tashkent lochester Abuja
mission rodney confidence he was talked
about earlier poem Afghanistan oh but
not when a merely practice satrughna
shows Philebus apostasy original sa
majest√©
mascara smartly with pistachio
convenient look at group name is not
nostalgia please Vanessa destroyed
process from at seminary Marini
hysteresis is to achieve Afghanistan is
Petrosian you silly free premium a from
Sri Lanka's Moscow scoffer matter he
contact my group shows Afghanistan
Nepali rubato convenience is the
proneural and yet booster una fresh
residual ministry Distronic deal vs. it
more drugs it was more Martin
by the OPCW even more so that the
support of the Dalek and cooperation to
strengthen international tools with
regards to non-proliferation including
CWC it's directly enshrined not only in
the EU Global Strategy 2016 but also by
the roadmap on the joint security space
between Russia and EU adopted in 2005
it's deplorable that the European Union
decided to follow see it with another
anti Russian campaign launched by London
and there across the pond allies with an
evident purpose to set another obstacle
to the betterment of the situation the
European continent now we are moving on
to regional agenda
another common topic that's the
situation in Syria the situation in
Syria continues to be quite complicated
the attention of the international
community is still on Eastern goota a
truly unique counter-terrorist operation
of the Syrian army is ongoing there it
is carried out with the support of the
Russian Air Force the purpose of the
operation to eliminate the terrorist
threat to Damascus which stems from a
bender group jihad al-nusra which has
now taken control of this densely
populated suburban area of the Syrian
capital the inspiration requires the
separation of terrorists from the
civilians which they use the human
shield with the support of the Russian a
Center for the reconciliation of warring
parties we can state that the today
statistics show that more than 80
thousand civilians have been evacuated
from Eastern gutte through humanitarian
corridors this is the majority of the
population of the region the people were
evacuated under the monitoring of the UN
structures such as the International
Committee of the Red Cross and the
Syrian Committee of the Red Cross
which had not recorded any breaches of
the international humanitarian law this
Exodus was voluntary and none were
subjected to violence or to pillages on
the part of the Syrian military and
security forces employees which ensured
this evacuation wants free the people
were crying and telling about the
sufferings which they had at the hands
of terrorists this hatred to bandits
who've been arbitrarily killing
civilians and taking their property and
humanitarian aid and subjecting
civilians to starvation was just beyond
limits in the vicinity of Devere audra
Hejira the syrian government has
established three camps for the IDPs
with regards to the provision of food
bedding and provision of first-aid
Russian military men have been actively
providing support and we hope that the
international community will be actively
engaged in this effort the terrorists
have been setting obstacles to the
evacuation of the civilians from the
areas of military clashes they've been
threatening people were opening fire on
humanitarian corridors because they
understood that the presence in East
gouta of the major number of civilians
is would be an obstacle to the
government forces which try to avoid
victims among civilians rocket and
mortar fire is opened on the residential
of various of Damascus regularly and on
the 25th March the fighters from entire
main eastern gutte which is under the
control of falaka Rahman have carried
out a missile strike on cash coal market
this resulted in 37 deaths and 35 people
were injured up to now the Syrian army
has liberated around 80% of the
territory of Eastern go term in
accordance with the agreement which was
read with the help of the Russian Center
for the reconciliation of warring party
the 22nd of March so the evacuation of
the fighters from the illegal armed
groups from her hasta to Italy province
and in those liberated residential areas
of Eastern go to the Syrian army found
several underground production
facilities and they produced ammunition
and contained containers with chlorine
and other toxic substances we are
talking about 40 tons of chemical agents
which is a testimony to the scope of the
provocations prepared by the terrorists
the north west of Syria within the
framework of the Turkish operation olive
branch so city over friend being taken
on the 18th of March the leaders of the
Kurdish units while acknowledging their
responsibility for the destiny of the
local local people decided to peacefully
leave the city and the military men now
entering a freeing those military men
belonged to the illegal armed groups now
took the city over and the riots were
only clashed
several days later thanks to the
decisive actions of the Turkish army
which has arrested hundreds of pillages
we now stay to the lack of any practical
advances and implementation of the
resolution
24:01 of the Security Council regarding
situation in Raqqa and the Rubin camp
for the IDPs I would like to remind you
that access to this points on the Syrian
map is controlled by the American
military and it is still closed for the
representatives of the legitimate Syrian
government as well as for the
representatives of the UN and
independent media over the course of the
international group on providing
humanitarian cooperation in Syria which
took place in Geneva on the 16th of
March the UN coordinator for Syria mr.
sertori confirmed the readiness of the
government of this country the Red Cross
and the Syrian Red Crescent
to start delivering humanitarian aid to
rock bun once they receive American
reassurances in writing the security
reassurances we are going to continue
exhorting efforts to further implement
the resolution 2401 which seeks to
strengthen the ceasefire regime and to
better the humanitarian situation in
Syria all the while taking a decisive
strides against the terrorists and we
call upon all the parties to help us
with that we are continuously working on
the political track of the resolution
the 16th of March in Astana so that
trilateral meeting within the ministries
of Foreign Affairs of Iran Turkey and
Iran that is the guarantor countries for
their ceasefire regime in Syria the
ministers decided to continue providing
aid to the Syrians in restoring their
country's unity and reaching political
settlement of the crisis based on the
resolution 2254 the Security Council in
particular for the creation of the
Constitution committee and launching the
activities of this committee in Geneva
as it is enshrined by the decisions of
the Congress for Syrian national
dialogue in Sochi there was a first
meeting of the working group on the
liberation of detainees and hostages the
delivery of bodies and search for
missing people which saw the
participation of the representative of
the UN and ICRC on the margins of the
meeting in Kazakhstan the launch of its
work was an important contribution to
the process of re-establishing the trust
between the Syrians and to normalize the
situation in Syria in general now moving
on to Afghanistan the security situation
in Afghanistan is a cause for grave
concern the Taliban movement is carrying
out active terrorist attacks
systematically carrying out attacks in
various part of the
and they remain in control in full
control and partial control for up to
50% of the country's territory a major
factor for further degradation of the
situation in Afghanistan other
activities of Isis which is banned in
Russia and Isis is gradually increasing
the number of their fighters in the
north of the country and we are
especially concerned by the fact that
Isis is creating a network of camps in
northern Afghanistan those camps would
prepare fighters and the majority of
their so-called students are those who
originate from Central Asia Russia and a
number of other countries we record both
cooperation and clashes between Isis and
Taliban in the north and in the east of
Afghanistan we are concerned by this
rise and terrorist activities at the end
of January Afghanistan saw a number of
Palardy terrorist attacks more than 200
people were killed and more than 400
people were injured there was another
terrorist attack on the 21st of March
which was carried in the vicinity of the
Kabul State University in the first day
of the Afghan new year now Bruce this
tragedy resulted in 33 deaths allegedly
the attack was carried out by a suicide
bomber from there from Isis an extremist
fighter we strongly condemn this
barbaric act and we extend our
condolences to the family in France of
all the victims andrew leesia speedy
recovery to all those injured I would
like to say a few words regarding the
deaths of a group of Indian citizens at
the hands of the terrorist group Isis
which is abandon Russia we extend our
sincere condolences to the families and
friends of the 39 Indian citizens which
were captured in 2014 in Iraq and were
later killed by the fighters of Isis
terrorist group is banned in Russia the
sad news have been confirmed by the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of India we
are in food solidarity with the
administration and the friendly people
of India and we stand by sight by sight
in the uncompromising fight against
terrorism and extremism this bloody
crime confirms Russia stands on the need
to form a broad anti-terrorist front
with the participation of all countries
now moving on to a different region air
security in the Baltic Sea region we are
still very much concerned by the
increasing number of flights of NATO
members as well as Sweden and Finland
close to our borders in the region of
the Baltic Sea two-thirds of the flight
of the state aviation of NATO countries
Finland and Sweden from September to
November 2017 were carried out with
transponders turned off such actions
provoke dangerous incidents with long
reaching consequences Russia on its part
has done a lot in order to ease the
tensions and regions within the
framework of the working group of
experts on the military and civil
cooperation under the aegis of ICAO in
2017 and off the airway route was
negotiated for the Russian military
aviation from st. Petersburg to
Kaliningrad and back in accordance with
the air security measures adopted
voluntarily by the Ministry of Defense
of Russia the flights are carried out
with the transponders turned on and in
accordance to flight plans provided in
advance in order to eliminate risks of
air incidence recommendations on the
conflict resolution in airspace of the
region used by the civil and military of
aviation were drafted and entered into
force
unfortunately we do not see any response
from NATO members currently the groups
meant that within the framework of ICAO
has almost expired
despite the early reassurances we see no
desire on the part of NATO to start
discussing this topic in the format
Russia native this is exactly the format
where we could discuss all the military
aspects of this issue which would help
to ease the general tensions between
NATO and the Russian Federation we
underscore that NATO is not willing to
go beyond the previously adopted
measures within the working group of
expert on military and sale cooperation
at the same time we highlight that NATO
members not adhere to the
recommendations adopted thus we see the
issue of risk a and I justified
interceptions when the flights of
renovations are carried out with a group
with the provision of a flight plan and
transponders turned on we have the
impression that the reo transparency
when it comes to specific CBMs over
Baltic and the water area over you in
Europe and the u.s. is not required by
those countries they just want to
unimpeded ly build up their military
potential as for Russia we confirm our
readiness to discuss the ways of
lowering tensions in the Baltic regions
and to hold constructive consultations
on this issue both from the bilateral
basis with all the interested parties
and in the format of their russia-nato
Council in order to adopt recommendation
on Prevention's of incidents in air and
in the sea
we always received knees which it would
be ashamed not to comment on is Ukraine
especially its present authorities
specifically these concerns the
suspension of the work of the program of
economic cooperation with Russia
recently Ukrainian authorities stated
that they have achieved yet another
victory over common sense they stated
that the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine
has decided to suspend the work of the
program of economic cooperation between
Russia and Federation and Ukraine for
the years 2011 2020 it is clear that
there is a sustained and decided real
implementation of the so-called
strategic objective of the Cuban regime
to cause maximum damage to their own
economy refraining from any cooperation
with Russia is something through which
they present Ukrainian authorities in
the anti-russian frenzy with their own
hands in fact are destroying the
heritage they have from Soviet Union in
most prominent high-tech sectors in
nuclear industry nuclear energy missile
construction space technologies Aviation
Transport and military industry all of
this is something which Ukrainian people
in its time could have freely been proud
of this breach in the trade and economic
relations with Russia cannot subsume it
cannot be substituted by those tiny
quotas with the European Union in
provisions to the u.s. of such so called
strategic commodities honey mushrooms
juices condensed milk grains tomatoes
and poultry in front of our eyes we see
the engine the industrialization of
Ukraine unfolding and it seems that
that's not the answer next in line is an
increase
in prices on gas for the consumers in
Ukraine elimination of the ban on trade
in agricultural events and provisions of
chamber two years and so on in in the
future Keith will have to buy the
overpriced American liquid shale gas
just like it's happening with American
coal right now and looking at those not
exactly adequate steps taken by the
Ukrainian authorities we can just feel
sorry and sorry for and sympathize with
the Ukrainian citizens and just expect
new victorious rhetoric from Kiev and it
feels that there will be many reasons
for that in the future and continuing on
this topic we noted that there has been
in information that personal data of
independent foreign observers which were
present during the elections of the
Russian president in Crimea were entered
into the a Bank of data bank of the
meters for its website which is now
based in the United States on 18th of
March they entered the names of foreign
observers from Italy Spain Sweden and
Cyprus it should be noted that the
independent observers from Finland
Germany Norway and Italy which have
visited Crimea before were entered into
that base of the notorious Meerut words
even before agent of March in the
supplementary information on the website
says that the foreigners deliberately
breached the state borders of Ukraine
and took part in propaganda events would
also like to note that humorous
defenders of the UN already pointed out
the breaches of the website in terms of
private lives
recommend to Kiev to carry out
corresponding investigation similar
concerns we heard on the part of the
monitoring mission of the United Nations
on the human rights in Ukraine published
in September 2017 and the High
Commission on Human Rights underscored
the lack of progress in a criminal
investigation to the amira towards
website and called upon the Ukrainian
authorities to take immediate steps and
carry out an effective investigation in
terms of the breaches connected with the
activity of this website similar calls
we heard from the monitoring mission in
its March report this report notes that
although Ukrainian police has opened a
new criminal investigation there has
been no progress so far even in 2016 he
was called upon by Dounia miacca which
the representative of the OSCE on media
freedom given the publication of the
personal data of the journalist
accredited to Donbass which posed a
threat to their life the unwillingness
of Ukrainian Authority to take steps in
terms of effective investigation into
the work of this website and take
according steps in observing the
framework of the Council of Europe and a
framework established by the European
Convention on Human Rights and Freedoms
as well as the Convention on the Rights
of persons is obvious which we see that
they are also breaching the right to the
to private life European Court of Human
Rights establishes in its practice that
in cases similar to this one the
practical and effective protection of
private life of a person by the state is
in
effective measures and prosecution of
the of those in the breach but we see
that the website is still functioning
and Ukrainian authorities facilitate
this on the website every week we see an
increase in personal data of citizens of
foreign states including citizens of
European countries apparently this is
how Ukraine respects its commitments as
part of under the framework of the
Council of Europe United Nations and
always see and continues to facilitate
deadly threat towards the lives of their
own and foreign citizens according to
their opinion the elections in Crimea
who were carry out on the adequate level
without any serious breaches and the
give reaction towards this is an
illustration of that about the
desecration of the monument they just
demolished the memorial plaque which was
commemorating colonel and we are
outraged by this act of those who call
themself Atreus we are convinced that
such outrageous actions are not
supported by millions of Ukrainian
citizens whose fathers and grandfathers
save the world from this Brown plague
once again we call upon the Ukrainian
authorities to take necessary steps to
protect the symbols of the victory of
our nation's in the Great Patriotic War
of 1941 1945 and stop this bullet policy
of supporting extremists
just a few words on the accusations
towards Russia concerning the hacker
attacks we have noted that in Germany
once again there is a surging buzz and
topics which are part of it
concern alleging that Russia has been
part of for this hack and that Russian
hackers have participated in the heck of
a computer communication system of the
government of Germany they claim that
sensitive massives of service
information of the Ministry of Internal
Affairs international foreign affairs
and Defense Ministry of Germany has
suffered as part of this attack we note
that over many years with regard to the
so-called Russian cyber threat Moscow
has not received any so station to
comment on the situation or reacted to
it instead of a political dialogue or
involvement of diplomatic channels or
use of any formats or for cooperation
between special services or provision of
legal supports they continue alleging
and making unfounded accusations which
are not supported by any evidence of
proof because of that there is a feeling
that this entire Russian hysteria is
facilitated deliberately in particularly
in in order to justify the so-called
defense in the cyber space and to create
cyber cyber troops with their control
points and create this image of an enemy
embodied by Russia our response to such
axis actions is the attempt to invite
everyone to the negotiations table we
propose a constructive agenda developing
regulations for Responsive conduct of
states in cyberspace and looking for
mutual understanding or not preventing
incidents in this space as well as
increasing and deepening trust measures
in this sphere and working on this
mobilizing our dialogue on multilateral
platforms we expect that our partners so
we'll go back to the path of looking for
joint solutions for fighting the cyber
threats based on international platforms
and through bilateral channels now
moving on to the sudo investigation
carried out by The Times regarding the
alleged Russian participation in the
creation of venezuelan cryptocurrency
petro the publication in turn called our
attention this is publication deals with
the mushrooming fools attempts to make a
sensation on the alleged Russian
participation in the creation of
venezuelan cryptocurrency petro this
exclusive investigation into the alleged
participation of russian authorities in
the launch of petra is a blatant lie the
Ministry of Finance of Russia has
already commented on this topic and I'd
remind you that it's quarter was the
following a Ministry of Finance of
Russia has never had and never will have
any relation to this venezuelan
cryptocurrency petra russian financial
authorities never have participated in
this project as part of the meeting
which took place on 21st of february in
2018 in moscow Ministry of economics and
finance of Venezuela mr. Serpa did
indeed pass on to the Ministry of
Finance of Russian Federation mr. salon
of information brochure on the
cryptocurrency Petra but only for the
purposes of informing Russian partners
on the spot project and the topic of
using this cryptocurrency in Russian
Venezuelan corporation has not been
touched
by either side and has not been
commented on or revised we would ask our
colleagues from time or any journalist
interested in this topic to use only
verified official information because
the sources which you often cite either
do not know much about this topic or are
misinforming here on purpose would also
like to draw your attention to the fact
that according to the russian the
constitution of Russia the only legal
means of fame and inertia in our country
is ruble emitted by the Bank of Russia
emission or use of any other means of
payment in Russia is illegal in a
greater detail regard information in
greater detail on the use of for
blockchain technologies in financial
payments in Russian Federation is
something mr. Thelen have commented on
in his recent interview to the Russia
Today TV channel and we will publish
corresponding link of this interview on
our website so you could study this
issue in greater detail now moving on to
Poland we are outraged by the mass
demolition of monuments to Soviet
soldiers which started in Poland this
soldiers gave their lives to liberate
this country and its people and save
them from annihilation in the years of
the Second World War when we have been
informed that the demolition has already
been started well some monomers have
already been destructed in English life
problems in our province skineri sir in
lajjun province state and who's not
this is a blatant breach of the
bilateral intergovernmental agreement on
burial sites and memorial sites of
victims of wars and depressions or 22nd
of January 1994 the breach on the part
of the Polish side
this insolent its an insolent
demonstration of this blatant lack of
respect to was the history of the joint
fight which our peoples carried out
against the Nazi occupants what is
especially cynical is that the reason
for this rush is exclusively financial
this law on documentation which
stipulates the liquidation of Memorial
and cultural historical objects which
and which for ideological reasons are
not in line with what the Polish
authorities want provides for a monetary
compensation from the budget of the
Polish state to those who in the given
deadline which is before 31st March of
this year will annihilate the historical
and memorial heritage it painless to
state that these ideas take over the
responsibility and respect for the
memory international commitments of the
country now moving on to demolition of
moving on to the it's just in Lithuania
first of all they demolished the court
investigation into the issue with the
burial sites in of the Red Army soldiers
in the Russian Imperial Army and Antico
site is still ongoing but Lithuanian
Military History Association hopes that
they will be able to prevent the
demolition of the mentioned monuments
and we believe that we might take the
steps in response to those demolitions
on our site when as far as the
demolition of russian memorial objects
in this way is concerned now moving on
to the entry regime into the territory
of the
of Macedonia for the Russian citizens
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the
Republic of Macedonia has informed us of
the decision taken on the 13th of March
by the government of this Republic about
canceling visa requirements for the
Russian citizens for short term visits
to Macedonia for one more year according
to the present regime Russian citizens
needs only to have an international
passport and insurance to enter the
territory of Macedonia this regime is
valid only for short term visits which
suppose that the person will stay on the
territory of Macedonia without a reason
for less than 90 days during every half
year accounting from the day over the
first entry and the this practice of
visa-free entrance for Russian citizens
to Macedonia with is prolonged to the
truth of March 2019 is a winner now
colleagues I stand ready to answer your
questions good afternoon I have two
questions my first questions is about
Syrian it goes as follows do you
consider a violation of the Astana
agreements on establishment of security
zones in the Syrian Arab Republic the
fact and so it's recently is a Syrian
army took over a number religious in
Aleppo province that had previously been
under control of the Syrian army and my
second question prime minister of
Finland mr. Sekulow made a statement
after a meeting in Brussels that Finland
hasn't yet taken a decision on whether
it should expel Russian diplomats from
Helsinki but according to him a number
of European country
have already adopted such a decision in
particular he cited France Poland and
Baltic States
how will the Russian Ministry of Foreign
Affairs react will there be any measures
of responses it should happen if these
countries take such a step thank you
well as regards your first question let
me say the following all arrangements
reached in afternoon have been broadly
covered by the press conference as a
special presentative of the Russian
President on Syrian settlement mr.
Levent if this information is available
at our official resources let me clarify
just one thing or maybe you would be so
kind as to send us and the number of
these villagers and we'll provide you
with an answer because here I need to
clarify it specifically as regards the
information that emerged regarding
expelling of Russian diplomats
let me say the following I'll be brief
all we've heard so far we know only from
the media basically from your colleagues
so far we haven't seen any official
information once we have it we'll deal
with its overwrites only media reports I
would like to ask you a question
regarding the EU decision to recall its
representative in Moscow for
consultations how does the Russian
Ministry Affairs consider it and the
call of treasom main for European
countries countries of the European
Union to show it half reaction to the
incident that took place in Salisbury
do you think the European Union has
already taken a decision as was asked by
threesome way as far as a statement by
the British Prime Minister I started my
brief in Quincy's statement so I think
you can read our position in their
script offer what I've said early let me
reiterate regard some departure of
Russian diplomats and the decision to
recall the EU ambassador for
consultations we've heard only from the
media there are established procedures
but they haven't been used so far so we
are waiting Moscow Information Agency
Russia has just held presidential
elections Vladimir Putin has already
said and his press secretary has already
started girls of Russian foreign policy
I would like to hear from the Russian
Ministry of Foreign Affairs whether we
should expect any changes in the Russian
foreign policy in areas after the
presidential elections I am particularly
interested in cooperation of your
control with South Caucasus or you will
continue to be based on the concept of
2016 let me answer the following this
topic is too broad and I wouldn't like
to go into details now if you are
interested in any broad elaborate on
something sir we stand ready to provide
you with it however I can say that the
Russian foreign policy is based on the
rules of international law it is not
going to change in principle it will
continue to be based on the generally
recognized international norms
I see believin I'll just see you then
CNN mr. coercion
I have a question regarding the
conference in Tashkent we were
representative of the Taliban movement
will participate in this conference I
don't have such information I stand
ready to clarify it and I'll get back to
you later colleagues do you have any
more questions
Ranga son of salu Grod TV channel I have
two questions what's your stance on the
change in the Trump administration in
particular appointment of the new
national security adviser John Bolton
who is considered as a hawk and my
second question is the following we see
that scribble case is a kind of a
watershed in relations between all
countries Russia and the UK the EU
officially supports in the UK although
it projects any health measures but it
shows solidarity what country is the
supports Russian from what we have seen
at the last riffin six countries include
Serbia Venezuela China in the Security
Council India also and the CIS countries
the organisation of collective security
treaty Eurasian Corporation do they show
solidarity or support for the Russian
position as for your first question this
question should better be asked our us
colleagues we don't interfere into
internal appointments of foreign States
it's the issue we are going to work with
those who have been appointed as for
your second questions much has already
been said on this case so you know the
position of the Russian Federation we
have recently held them
detailed briefing in the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs by the director of our
department for arms control
mr. year Markov much has been already
commented by Sergey Lavrov in particular
I would like to stress the first
conference following the minister's
visit to Japan while he elaborated on
this topic but broadly speaking I can
say the following first we don't even
know whether this case exists because no
evidence has been provided so we don't
know in what basis decisions are being
made by the EU countries if they have
made such decisions as they do or not
have some evidence as for support and
shown to Russia on these speculations I
can say that Russia is supported by
those countries observes international
law and based on the urine norms and
conducts themselves in a civilized way
not man and the seniors in the light of
the recent conversation phone
conversation between Putin and Rome but
one says that Minister of Foreign
Affairs was given an instruction to
prepare a summit of the leaders of two
countries in a near-future
RTV I how I recommended on mr. Lavrov
leaving his office after the elections
how is it all interconnected well listen
it's not the first time you've visited
our briefings we never comment on
gossips so I'm not going to waste our
time
as regards preparation of official
meetings at various levels preserve
follow our official resources colleagues
if we have no further questions they see
you next time thank you for your
attention
