the European Union is recalling its
ambassador to Russia over the poisoning
of a former double agent in the UK that
is despite German Chancellor Angela
Merkel saying that the EU should hold
off on action against Russia until an
international probe has concluded
earlier the European egg Council
condemned Moscow for its alleged role in
the poisoning of Sergey screw Paul with
a nerve agent now the council which sets
EU policy echoed the views of the UK
prime minister Theresa May who gave a
strongly worded statement during a
summit in Brussels staged a brazen and
reckless attack against the United
Kingdom when it attempted the murder of
two people on the streets of Salisbury
I'll be raising this issue with my
counterparts today because it's clear
that the Russian threat does not respect
borders and indeed the incident in
Salisbury was part of a pattern of
Russian aggression against Europe and
its near neighbours from the Western
Balkans to the Middle East now human
rights lawyer Dan Kowalik told us that
recalling diplomats at a time of extreme
tensions is potentially dangerous I
think it would be very dangerous I think
it would be a very bad move for our
countries in the EU to pool their
diplomatic representatives out of Russia
to shot a partner like Russia during
these very unstable times I just feel is
completely irresponsible
it's very regrettable I think we need
all the diplomatic tools we have to
relate to Russia and to talk to Russia
in to pull diplomatic forces out of
Russia would be counterproductive and
quite dangerous at this point
