president Trump has replaced his
national security adviser former US
ambassador to the UN John Bolton will be
taking up the post replacing former Army
officer HR McMaster artis kill him up
and ask more he is the third national
security adviser to the donald trump
administration in the last 14 months
john bolton will be replacing HR
McMaster as the national security
adviser to Donald Trump the President of
the United States now john bolton is a
long-time advocate of the use of force
against iran and against north korea now
those are two countries that are rather
vital for the trump administration in
the coming months in May Donald Trump
will have to weigh in on the Iran deal
the jcpoa the nuclear agreement that was
agreed on now he'll have to weigh in on
that deal and whether or not it will
continue and furthermore the USA is on
the verge of carrying out the historic
meeting the first meeting between a head
of state of the USA and the leader of
the Democratic People's Republic of
Korea so at this point a lot of
questions remain let's take a listen to
some of what Trump has said in recent
months about Iran in North Korea and
what his new and long well-known
national security adviser has said I
think they want to do something I think
they want to make peace I think it's
time so it could be a long and
unproductive meeting or it could be a
short and unproductive meeting we hope
that these new measures directed at the
Iranian dictatorship will compel the
government to reevaluate its pursuit of
terror
at the expense of its people well I
think he's on the verge of making a
mistake I think his advisors are pushing
him in the wrong direction
you know honestly the certification
question is utterly irrelevant John
Bolton served as the US ambassador to
the United Nations under the
administration of George W Bush and his
appointment was quite controversial at
that time for statements he had made
harshly criticizing the United Nations
now on the campaign trail Donald Trump
was quite critical of military
intervention ISM by the United States us
saying that he wanted to stop toppling
regimes however John Bolton is a
longtime advocate
for military interventions around the
world so questions remain about what
this will mean with big developments on
the horizon regarding Iran and North
Korea
former US diplomat Jim John just told us
the appointment of John Bolton could
aggravate the situation with Iran a lot
of people mistakenly said that during
the campaign Trump said he would tear up
the agreement because it was a very bad
agreement he didn't exactly said that
and he said it was a very bad agreement
but he likes to make bad agreements good
I think he came in with the notion that
if he was threatening enough we could
get the Europeans on board and pressure
the Russians and the Chinese to say that
we want to add missile technology and
not threatening it Israel a lot of other
things to the agreement to change the
agreement to something he likes better
maybe that's still their game plan maybe
they think if they have somebody who is
sufficiently bellicose they can scare
the Europeans in deciding with the
Americans on changing the agreement and
not have to pull out of it but I have no
doubt now that regime change is going to
be a cardinal conscious goal of American
policy and failing that it there will be
an attempt to do so by military means
