so it just days to go before the biggest
fight in MMA between Habib nurmagomedov
and Conor McGregor we're here in the
center of Moscow to see what the public
know about the fight and who the back in
let's go so do you know these two guys
of course beep Habib yeah so you think
this guy Habib will win yeah if he can
take corner on the floor yes he will win
okay so do you know these two guys
corner could you pick a winner from each
one corner yeah all right so it's fight
so I know it's a technique and skill so
I if I if I need to bet I bet on him
uh-huh yeah and do you bet I know good
better not see I'm sure thanks very much
ah with an idea tick do quite soft music
that's turning corners chicken by Sabaa
every night order aha are we like of a
butch ability opportunity okay so you
know who these two guys are of course
this is mr. new Magomedov yeah that's
preggers uh-huh yeah and they're gonna
fight this weekend yeah I know who you
gonna be supporting and who's gonna win
I'm not supporting I can't choose
because these the the the better
wrestler and needs to better stand a
boxer so and do you know the name by the
way of this half know it's called Papa
Papa one more time
Papa ha that's pretty good that's pretty
good yeah and that who does it look
better on me or happy yeah
octo Papa did Jessica Bowman gospel
video TiVo Susanoo by Roberto had beep
no a Sakura need us
Conor McGregor much Beach at a group of
a person owns a cup of booty ballet
bones to the corner where the boy as a
Conrad you guys uf play is close enough
and yet these guys to UFC fight is this
one's the champion this guy's from
Russia and this guy's you know this guy
so this guy's Conor McGregor okay and if
these guys had a fight who would you
think would win because it was tattoo so
who this guy Carl oh yeah who's the best
looking really ok nice oh yeah well
thank you very much I suppose yet
I'm not guy see I'm better-looking a
Conor McGregor Eagle I have that Conor
he's ninety eighty pardon he was like a
volleyball yet we said we Sammy are
cooler that guy is called Habib
nurmagomedov he's from Dagestan in
Russia I don't know who would you maybe
want to see win I don't know I don't
care at all but as I know Conor McGregor
I guess I prefer am I gonna go window
yeah yeah despite this guy's got a nice
hat yeah it's called Parker by the way
what Papa Papa huh no idea I'm gonna try
it you want to try and say it
Papa Papa it's not too bad let's not
consider any Spanish yeah papa
yeah so do you know these two guys no
not at all
yeah that's me that's me yeah you with
bird yeah yeah I've shaved you shaved so
he shaved very well yeah
very much the rest was not unique boy-
top immediate variant my name's in Bali
know much about him rody do you know
he's hot like yours do you know what
it's called
no it's called the Papa Papa yeah okay
Papa Papa pretty could thank you very
much yeah I don't know the right one so
I guess the right that's logic for you
there you go so we've actually managed
to find Habib's first training partner
so who do you thinks gonna win on
Saturday
yeah thanks very much yeah me too yeah
so as you can see there's still some
questions to be answered will it be a
stand up fight that's more suited to
Conor McGregor or down on the ground
more suited to Habib here in the very
center of Moscow they don't know whether
it's gonna be a knockout or a points win
is still a split decision
