home sweet home
look around this is where you will spend
the rest of your life away from your
loved ones and you do have family and
friends it's just that now that you're
old and weak they don't need you anymore
now your place is here at the nursing
home
we started getting medals for working
during celebrate the great victory of
money mean that this was the second
medal
here's another medal you're winning in
the social stimulation that was back
when we worked in the US look but the
real time we grew old there in Krasnodar
Krai and then my son told us move over
here closer to us we packed our stuff
and moved my daughter-in-law sauce said
well shake better than us my son didn't
know what to do with us so my wife said
honey
we will not get in your way we left them
alone to live their lives
but my wife died two months after we
moved there
now I'm all alone I don't know anyone
here TV this is how you will spend about
10 years were never ending 3652 days
every day is a Groundhog Day breakfast
rest lunch rest
d√∂ner rest everyday at exactly the same
time lined up surrounded by total
strangers sitting at the same spot and
silently eating your meal
sometimes I get very sad and really want
to talk to my daughter and grandchildren
but it never happens I don't know what I
did to them but we're over I worked hard
for their sake I lost my health because
of it
I had malignant hypertension all because
I was trying to do something for them I
wake up all the time anxious thank you
are waiting for you and you're not
coming until recently
Antonina had a bedridden roommate who
couldn't use the bathroom so the room
constantly smelled of urine I'm REM
kulikov REM is a Soviet name that stands
for revolution electrification and peace
I'm a member of the artists union well I
performed in sang in the theater for ten
years at a normal life
but everything crumbled when I had a
stroke and then a heart attack
do I have a daughter and a grandson
Nikita
they live in Germany my dear wife
Tamarra died of cancer
yeah I'm a great person does everything
work well at home
he's Duma Roberto Kershaw is even
invented he's Mia
but say that for you it is just a bad
dream that you can wake up from but for
these people this life is very real we
can't buy love and affection of their
families for them
but we can give meaning to their lives
then provide them with professional care
you
