it's been revealed that the much-praised
security of the virtual currency Bitcoin
may have indeed been compromised by the
US National Security Agency classified
documents provided by NSA whistleblower
Edward Snowden demonstrate the efforts
by the agency to track down users of the
currency it's a something previously
thought to be practically impossible RT
correspondent ilya Petrenko digs up the
story question what's in it for Bitcoin
buyers besides the price boom last year
when it's rate kept going up people got
themselves crypto walls to get rich but
bitcoins have been luring enthusiasts
with something else
since long before the 2017 boom no
central bank control privacy and
transaction anonymity I'm sorry this
could have all been an illusion
you haven't unfollowed at Snowden or
have you the NSA worked urgently to
target Bitcoin users around the world
according to classified documents
provided by Snowden so let's look into
the National Security Agency files which
caught the eye of the intercepts
journalists back in the days when the
Bitcoin was only worth less than 100
bucks March 2013 the US was already
working hard on tracking down crypto
wallet holders and the NSA's number-one
priority among the new currencies was
Bitcoin they did come up with a
mysterious tool called monkey rocket and
guess what analysts have found value in
the monkey rocket access to help track
down senders and receivers of bitcoins
how much value is the question here that
no one will give you an answer to but
come on the NSA is almighty when it
comes to getting hold of all kinds of
data so no matter how underdeveloped
monkey rocket was back then the agency
could have filled in the missing puzzle
pieces using its stunning array of other
spying tools the whistleblowers suggest
with this sort of information in hand
putting a name to a given Bitcoin user
would be easy
monkey rocket is also described in the
files as a non wet
during internet and animation service
how many Bitcoin owners have so far been
tricked by the NSA into using this
product that we can only guess there was
never trust in the institutions like the
NSA ever since Snowden originally came
out with his revelations a lot of it is
under the pretense of stopping terrorism
but most of the time is just
government's want to know what all of
their citizens are doing all of the time
so nothing really changed reading the
latest reports over a blockchain and
what the NSA is trying to do to track it
I'm not surprised at all bitcoin was
never really that Anonymous and when
people were thinking of it as anonymous
that those people were proven to be
wrong time and time again the core
properties of Bitcoin are unconfessed
skateable assets if held properly and
censorship resistant value transfer
hopefully anonymity tools will come in
in your future but we're not there yet
we're in March 2018 it's been exactly
five years since these NSA memos where
it said we should do our best to track
down Bitcoin users were written I bet
the guys at the snooping agency haven't
really been wasting time
Emelia petrenko in moscow
