gentlemen great to have you both on
Richard first to you we've heard the
allegations against Cambridge analytical
how serious do you think they are well
looks like it's undisputed that they did
things that either were clearly against
the law campaign finance laws the
involvement of foreigners and US
election campaigns let alone kind of the
moral approach are basically pretending
to be something that they weren't so
they either clearly went over the line
or they they went right up to it and I
think that's what investigators were
these state attorneys general
I'm sure Congress will look into it
whether this Justice Department looks
into it because Donald Trump was the
beneficiary and it's his campaign that
they worked with I wouldn't exactly hold
my breath on that happening I should say
that came but I think what they engaged
in was improper yeah they've denied
Cambridge analytical denied any
wrongdoing of course Lionel a lawyer
worse what should take on this where
does the company standard they exploit
loopholes did they bend the laws did
they cleverly navigate them or did they
break them the entire point is being
missed here it's not Cambridge analytic
it's the fact that Facebook is a tool a
proxy if you will of the government it's
a surveillance unit it was it was
conceived it through DARPA through seed
money think this this faint oh do you
think they use the information against
her are you kidding me Facebook Apple
everything that we do is basically
sucking up every bit of information that
we have where has the world been you're
living in an app an optic on and when
Barack Obama was the beneficiary of
Facebook data albeit not culled and
gleaned by these characters like
especially don't forget Alexander Cogan
russian-american you say that and that
immediately turns it's the dog whistle
we're missing the point this is about a
surveillance world that we live in
that's being utilized by everybody
constant
this means nothing Cambridge analytical
is not the issue it's the idea that we
live in the surveillance state and that
Mark Zuckerberg this this Potemkin
village is cardboard cut-out this
pretend leader of Facebook he's nowhere
to be found
because he's sitting there basically
saying look you guys had me just pretend
to be the leader of this thing I don't
know what's going on here because
Facebook Google you name it it's not a
social media platform it's a
surveillance tool of the government
Lionel I understand you don't think that
Cambridge analytic who is this story and
you made a very good point I suspected
he's going to be a story in a very very
big one but Richard what I want to ask
you is does this kind of change this the
way we perceive the story of Russian
meddling because the story is that the
Russians interfered and they were the
reason that Donald Trump became
president actually it may have actually
just been a company that was harvesting
Facebook data and usually using it
cleverly right so let's take Cambridge
analytic out of this discussion to
answer your question the US intelligence
community unanimously concluded both in
the last administration and the current
one that the Russians did medal that
that the Russians working with WikiLeaks
dropped the John Podesta emails to the
detriment of Hillary Clinton that
Russians targeted individual swing
voters in swing states Michigan
Wisconsin Pennsylvania Ohio North
Carolina others that I think is actually
not disputed and if the question is well
how do we know it influenced the
election at all I would point to one
illustration I would point to one
illustration we know for a fact that
there was a man in North Carolina who
read a Facebook post that was planted by
Russian BOTS to the effect that that
Hillary Clinton and John Podesta were
running a child sex slavery ring out of
a pizza shop in Washington DC and he
went with his rifle from North Carolina
to Washington DC to shoot people who
were responsible for that now if you
could get somebody to do that you think
you might actually get somebody to
switch their vote I think so okay I've
got to bring Lionel in here because
Richard says that you know
it was Russian interference that swung
the election what about the 50 million
Facebook accounts whose information has
now been tapped does that play a part I
don't even know where to start
you're bringing this stuff up again this
thing was bought this whole story this
yarn was devised by the Democratic Party
in Hillary Clinton to explain how she
lost a rigged election and all of a
sudden the story was whom can we get to
explain this the Russians and you
honestly are still repeating this trope
this meme this idea that somehow 14
intelligence agencies concluded there
was medley and as of today as we sit
here right now there has not been one
person one piece of evidence one witness
to say how votes were stolen how numbers
were were were exchanged nothing the
only evidence was that these nefarious
Russians using Facebook mind you and by
the way Twitter who begged RT for an
advertising schedule but I digress that
day sowed discord by virtually providing
information and ads that other Americans
providing there is nothing I cannot
believe that this gentleman it's still
repeating the same fantasy that Hillary
Clinton is still doing are you ever
going to move on from that are you ever
going to realize you lost and it's over
and this Russian fantasy this this story
this yarn there's nothing there anymore
the issue is that this was a story that
deals with a thing called Facebook and
what we're going to be looking at in
addition is beyond Cambridge analytical
but what is Facebook who are they what
are these things these devices that we
have that's perhaps for an
their show but I cannot believe let me
get a word in edgewise Lionel listen
my guess is then what Robert Moeller the
special prosecutor issues he reports as
long as you just spent disparaging the
US intelligence community you will in
the same mellifluous tones disparage
robert muller and you know what he will
present a case in black and white about
what the Russians did or did not do and
my guess is again people who were clear
thinking will believe it and people who
have a bias going in will dismiss it and
say uh what would you expect is
propaganda and you know I guess that's
why there's chocolate in vanilla I tend
to think I'm in the category of people
that's actually open to facts and I have
a hunch that what Moe is going to
present it's something Lionel you may
take issue with but I think most people
will actually think he's on a pretty
thorough job and what he will show we we
have these 13 Russia's have already been
indicted for four we've had the 13
having these fake rallies for fake
rallies and for basically pitting blacks
against whites Muslims against
Christians you may think that's okay
most Americans come on please the reason
why he came up with these 13 Russian
bites on a Friday was because the FBI
couldn't explain why while the shooter
in Florida who had been basically they
warned everybody including the FBI hey
you better come and do something about
this the FBI didn't do it because they
were too busy looking for Russians so
what did he do miraculously this this
this this this indictment comes up
naming people that nobody's ever going
to to arrest or extradite look we
started off talking about Cambridge
analytical in this particular case and I
can't believe how you are so hardwired
in this patellar obeisance repeating
this you're you're like spring-loaded
when everybody whenever anybody asks
anything you keep saying the same thing
you said it a year and a half ago look
it's over with Hillary Clinton is never
gonna be the president she lost this get
over it go to a grief
mercy counseling medication I don't know
what we're not talking about that
anymore Richard I just want to come back
to you I'm on the on the question of
influence over the u.s. elections so it
was talk of Russian BOTS and some social
media accounts which you know Twitter
Facebook all the social media giant said
we're relatively very very small we're
talking about millions of Facebook
accounts all of that information being
used to help Donald Trump's campaign
surely that Dwarfs any possible Russian
influence yeah in my exercise we just
don't know look we've already had
Facebook why publicly about what they
didn't didn't know they finally had to
come clean right so to say well Facebook
says this or Twitter says that you know
until there's somebody independently
gathering the facts
I'm actually not prepared to credit
anything they have to say because I
actually think they have a bit of a
guilty conscience having worked with the
Trump campaign to do things that are
frankly kind of unamerican so you know
we'll see I understand that's the kind
of party line which is whatever whatever
the Russian BOTS may have done was
dwarfed by you know this larger things
we'll see go headlong you respond what
did they do that was an American what
did they do that was on America
what well again they pit they they ran
messages that pitted blacks against
whites they got under the skin of blacks
because of the claim that we know wife
were coming after them and vice versa
well I don't know that we have time on
this broadcast but Lionel the next time
we're together I will come on and it
will probably take it say you don't know
now stop it stop it don't give me this
business you don't have any evidence of
this you've been saying this you've
never been challenged you're telling me
that all of a sudden is the Russians and
who are the Russians is the Russian
government as if Vladimir Putin is that
the Kremlin some guy with a Russian name
who are these Russians so let me get
this straight
and this year of really interesting
espionage they're going to unravel an
election by putting how many ads on
Facebook that might sow discord
regarding african-americans are you
serious
this is the this is what the 147 million
people 147 million people according to
the press reports were reached by these
ads that you were kind of dismissing you
know the fact is if those ads didn't
didn't matter why would anybody why
would any advertiser buy time on RT or
any other network its to move opinion
it's to make people think maybe slightly
something differently than they do
that's what happens that's that's what
if our key didn't matter
and if RT didn't matter you wouldn't
have Twitter begging them which is a
different story in mind you so let me
get this straight
so the 64 let's say million Trump
supporters and I can't believe we're
still we're still hashing through this
but I don't know it I'll do it
so the 64 was over a million roughly
Trump supporters million they were they
they were they they gave into these ads
and the fact that Hillary Clinton was
too sick and ill to even put on a decent
campaign the fact that she went I don't
know how many weeks of the time without
even missing critical states and having
the worst possible campaign there is and
even after all of the effects of trying
to throw it as evidenced by Donna
Brazile all of that had nothing to do
with it these 64 million or so these
these Trump voters they they were
actually lulled into complacency by
facebook ads when are you going to did
where are you and in the Democratic
Party first of all gonna have a platform
it's time just forget Hillary Clinton
quit going go quit being apologist when
are you gonna put this behind you okay
well I want to I want to screech it
another question just just to move it on
slightly and in in the name of fairness
given that this is a uk-based company
Cambridge analytically are we going to
see a u.s. investigation into possible
UK attempts to influence the US election
well you know I I think honestly the
fact that it's kind of uk-based I think
is different
from some effort that is in fact working
with hand-in-glove with the government I
think the feeling is that in the case of
the Russian influence there were people
associated with the Putin regime who
were very much involved I don't think
that's true with the UK doesn't
investigation to establish whether
that's the case or not doesn't it not
does it not need investigating well I
don't think there's even been an
allegation to that effect Neal but
perhaps Teresa mainway may want to look
into that you know you have to ask her
no I love this idea this I I don't even
know where to start with us you know we
came up with this thing here in the in
this country about collusion there I'm a
lawyer there's no such thing as
collusion it doesn't exist Title 18 the
sentiment of a collusion means but we
had for conspiracy we had a president
Barack Obama
no conspiracy there's no conspiracy no
Confederation no no anyway make a long
story short we had a threat President
Barack Obama who basically went and
absolutely not only colluded with but
actively campaigned against Bibi
Netanyahu no problem then he went
regarding drugs that he said you're
gonna be waiting in the queue if you
don't or if you vote for breakfast then
he also went actually involved himself
in the the Scottish independence
movement as well so we don't seem to
care about this not to mention my
beloved Republic our history of not only
fomenting reserve revolution and Nations
and I can't believe it that we have gone
from that to this dainty minuscule de
minimis microscopic buying a Facebook ad
and somebody's gonna say oh wait a
minute hold it I was gonna vote for
Hillary Clinton but now what I just
honey did you see this Facebook ad
that's it I mean really this is without
the respect this is the best the
Russians have Facebook ads what about
changing the numbers that's the way we
do it in this country we actually go in
the boat and she
the numbers we steal we take election
ballots we tear them up we close polls
down that's the way we do it
but the Russians I'm surprised at you
you buy Facebook ads ooh Richard Richard
I want to ask you get let's get back to
Facebook because it's you know the hash
tag delete Facebook is trending in
social media we've heard whistleblowers
saying that Facebook is like like I said
a surveillance company
do you agree does this need like a
massive reform some drastic action I
think that the way Facebook in
particular has evolved than it is
ubiquitous and the lives of many people
is something that really needs to be I'm
not sure if it's regulated it's quite
the wait word but again it's against the
law for a foreign person to contribute
to a political campaign in the u.s. it's
against the law for foreign government
to try to influence a US political
campaign I think if you are a foreigner
and you've bought Facebook ads for the
purpose of influencing electorate again
if Lionel is of the view that all this
billions of dollars that spent worldwide
on advertising on news channels like
arts here and then others is just
absolutely just wasting money just do
you might as well throw it out the
window if that's your attitude then
obviously I'm not gonna persuade him or
anybody who believes that that's gonna
affect anybody's opinion
Lionel no excuse me I didn't interrupt
you for one second so nice my point is
my point is my point is that yes I think
Facebook should be ashamed of itself
because the evidence seems to be that it
knew exactly what it what its role in
this was and in the sense it was kind of
facilitating this in the interest of
making a buck and I think that's wrong
and I think that the politicians in the
US and most of the public thinks it's
wrong which is why they this new hashtag
is out Lionel I suspect that all of this
scandal is going to be used to attack
Donald Trump because invariably it seems
the most things are do you think
there'll be an investigation to look
back at Barack Obama's victory
and how they use facebook data whether
it was legal or not the way they got
their information
oh no Neal no Barack Obama oh no no no
no it is per se acceptable not only that
in that Smoot as is Hillary Clinton's
campaign look here is the question this
is so sad if I were the Democrats honest
to god and there's so much about this
party that I really believe it I
remember what the Democratic Party meant
something here we are still litigating
re-litigating an election about whether
a facebook ad in this Universal world
let me also ask you this question would
it be also illegal for the United States
and the United States advertising
companies the United States Facebook to
try to influence let's say a Russian
election I'm just saying do you think
that there is any example in this
country I know it's a bit moot now but
of people in the United States trying to
affect the recent election in Russia
would that be against the law - and I
want to ask one more question if I may -
Richard who do you think it's gonna be
the most trouble over this scandal a
little bit Mark Zuckerberg is it gonna
be Cambridge analytic is it gonna be
Donald Trump or is it still gonna be the
Russians I think I think when the
evidence comes out my forecast is that
it was not a coincidence that one hour
after that Access Hollywood tape came
out where Donald Trump boasted bragged
about grabbing women by the general
strangers that was one hour later that
the WikiLeaks which were the Russian
influence was very much on point it was
not a coincidence that those Podesta
emails thanks to WikiLeaks working with
the Russians came would be where drip
drip drip drip drip it was not so I
think it was not a coincidence that
there were Russians that were contacting
swing voters in swing states you know do
I think that Donald Trump who knows I
mean I don't really think much of Donald
Trump's intelligence level so it's hard
to know
what he knew and what he didn't although
it seemed to be a pretty small operation
he didn't seem to let things go by him
so do I think he do I think he knew that
somebody in the Trump orbit said hey
we're taking on water thanks to this
excess Hollywood tape WikiLeaks now we
need to help do it now do I think he
knew that actually if I was a betting
person I think so
do I think Zuckerberg is the one who
bears responsibility for that no do I
think Cambridge analytic did some dirty
deeds working with we broke the law
absolutely I absolutely think they did I
mean they set up shell corporations in
the u.s. so they'd have what we're
ostensibly Americans involved but I
think when the evidence comes out it
will be clear there was a foreign
influence that was against the US law
and Lionel just give you less chance to
respond
you know how the law works and you know
how the media works so what are the
headlines going to be coming out of this
story ultimately do you know how
pathetic it is that you're bringing up
what was it 2005 the Billy Bush
interview the interview the conversation
that they were taping a trailer do you
know how on the level of pathetic what
what Babe Ruth level you just hit you're
bringing up that now do you have a bunch
of bumper stickers they choose us to
just to try this one throw at Billy Bush
and bring up the stormy Daniels and do
something bring up Trump's intelligence
let me tell you about something about
Trump's intelligence he beats 16 of the
best Republicans they had and Hillary
Clinton and Bernie Sanders he's the
President of the United States
I think his intelligence is pretty good
so far Hillary ran twice for president
and lost look what the big picture is is
which is what I tried to start
immediately was we all have to step back
take a breath and realize we have to ask
ourselves what kind of a of a
information surveillance panopticon are
we living in there are kids today who
are born of this who've never known
privacy ever that's what the issue is
not this the issue was that Mark
Zuckerberg the question is why is this a
available at all why are all these
data's we sit with machines where we're
constantly pouring it biometrics this
isn't a phone
this isn't Facebook this is who I am
that's the issue that's what we should
be talking about not some cutout Boy
Wonder in a t-shirt
who's pretending to run Facebook that's
not it it's something bigger let me
remind my learned opponent Donald Trump
is the president of the United States
each year harder
