and there you can see the engine
starting to fire ramping up the second
umbilical Tower already separated
80% and liftoff drew foil Oleg Artemyev
and Ricki Arnold taking off on their way
to the International Space Station
getting a great view of those first
stage engines as they light up the night
sky that first age delivering over nine
hundred and thirty thousand pounds of
thrust 20 seconds so far since liftoff
getting good calls that the stages are
performing nominally or normally
looking very bright here on camera I can
tell you when you see these at night
it's almost it's like looking at the Sun
it almost hurts your eyes but you can't
tear your eyes away from it fifty
seconds since liftoff everything still
nominal or normal Soyuz rocket doing its
job all of the parameters works in good
first stage separation and the escape
tower has been jettisoned so again this
first age going to continue firing until
just before the two-minute mark right
now you're you get some good g-forces
you know first stage was good right
there with the launch shroud jettison
that's a very dynamic event you can see
out the windows and you got thrust
behind you you're pushed back in your
seat and that makes you smile
you
