an Australian so-called bio hacker named
Miao has implanted a chip in his hand to
ride public transport more conveniently
but what he didn't expect was be taken
to court and receive a hefty fine
I work in biohacking broadly so I grind
so I put technology inside my booty I'm
a federal politician so I'm political
candidate with the science party
but you can program these to do things
like open your door you can do interact
with a variety of technology at the
moment this one has one of the back of
my thumb has my Bitcoin wallet address
so you can tap my thumb to pay
the state government is encouraging
people to hack the system but when
somebody came in hacked it in a way that
hadn't anticipated it caused me to end
up in court and that was kind of the
thing that was surprising especially
with the amount of interest that the
case garnered it was it would have been
a really good opportunity to show
innovative ways of using the transport
system and my lawyer basically stated
that this is a case where the law hasn't
caught up with the technology and I'm
maybe six months to a year ahead of
where things could go if we see more
cases like this how it might affect
other people with implants down the
future how far to the rights of
companies extend with respect to the
rights of the individual that has the
implantable technology inside their body
