a new sexual consent bill in Sweden is
proposing to increase the punishment for
rape but the plans handed to Parliament
on Tuesday revised the list of sexual
crimes that's different from current
legislation where it has to be shown
that there was violence a threat force
although the plaintiff was in a
particularly vulnerable situation we
have not however changed the basic
principle that its willingness which
decides if it's an acts of abuse or not
there will no longer be a need to prove
intent in rape for example meanwhile
sexual consent must now be verbal or via
clear actions as mentioned punishment
for perpetrators is also being increased
however no changes to evidence standards
were proposed now it comes amid a 10%
rise in the number of rape crimes in the
country in just a year however Jana
Danish journalist Ivan ran home fears
that if passed the law will only
increase the number of false accusations
I think it is a way to send some
political signals because this law will
change the definition of what is rape
and now a man has to prove that that
there was a total consent from the woman
it can be easier to accuse a man of rape
there are rapes going on that is never
reported because there's no evidence so
this could actually help a lot of women
to come out and and make accusations but
what could also happen is that there
will be a lot of false accusations and
you know just having sexual activity
could be like entering a courtroom
