it's New Years Eve 1999 president Boris
Yeltsin unexpectedly resigned but also
who Phillip three to the president
correctly but it's manipulation
Milton mostly in action then Prime
Minister Vladimir Putin takes over as
interim president of the russian
federation the country's assuring in
2000 with a new face at the helm during
his first months in the Kremlin Putin
offers journalists of rare glimpse of
his working space and even a sneak peek
into his family life
in March the 47 year old Putin at that
time relatively unschooled in politics
compared with other candidates wins his
first presidential election looking at
his lineup of rivals you can see
familiar faces some of them will also be
running in 2018 like grigory yavlinsky
who came third in the 2000 race
throughout the early 2000s he's active
as a state duma deputy and a leader of
the liberal Yamanaka party yeah velinski
was among the negotiators who tried to
broker a deal with Chechen terrorists
but seized Moscow's Dubrovka theater
during a crowded musical performance in
October 2002 the attackers specifically
named Jeb lynskey as a preferred
negotiator because he was a critic of
Russia's military operation in Chechnya
no better quarters for a gorgeous nation
s oh God
come g80 the White team wins et will
boost him for her cheat in the coming
years level in skis political career
dwindles his party loses seats in the
Duma and forces him to sit out the 2004
election another figure on Russia's
political scene Vladimir Zhirinovsky who
was fought nearly every presidential
election campaign also skips this vote
bolstering his image is the eccentric
firebrand of Russian politics he allows
his former bodyguard to run for the
presidency instead but that's perhaps
not the most surprising things that
politician he did back then he saw a
young pioneer
the sewer but taking part in a quiz show
a survival show and even a tabloid talk
show actually back then tabloid TV was
the domain of another 2018 candidate
Ksenia subject at that time subject was
far from politics building yourself a
scandalous reputation as a Russian Paris
Hilton the 2018 presidential run at
least known to the public in the early
2000s is pavel drew Denon a future
communist candidate isn't a different
camp at the time during the 2000
election campaign grid' Enon campaigned
for putin and later he became a member
of the ruling United Russia party
