a chef in the US city of New Orleans has
made white customers pay more for food
in a bid to educate people about the
wage gap minorities at his Nigerian food
stand paid $12 while white people could
spend either the same or two and a half
times more that's reportedly the wage
disparity between white and black people
in the city the chef says social
pressure made 80% choose to pay more
while those who didn't apologize if I
created the framework where I outline a
problem that is indisputable and I
position you as an antagonist and I give
you a way to solve the problem title ii
and be the hero in the moment anything
other than the $30 choice becomes
antisocial behavior that explained to me
why the folks who refused to pay the $30
were equivocating because they
understood that they were participating
in antisocial behavior well the
experiment has triggered a bit of a
mixed reaction while some supported the
idea others were offended we put the
issue up for debate there have always
been a significant decisive number not
the majority but a good number of people
who've understood the horrible legacy
the triple legacy of suffering that
African Americans have had I think it's
very interesting that this issue is
being raised by an African who moved
here and started a thriving business so
he apparently didn't have any problem
based on the color of his skin this
restaurant owner is perpetuating a myth
and a myth that somehow white people are
in the business of keeping black people
down and I think that restaurants
perpetuating that most white people get
up in the day just like most black
people get up in a day they want to get
they want to do the best by their family
and they're really not worried about
keeping anybody else in town most of the
money that's gone in the social programs
has gone to the professionals for the
upkeep of the buildings the energy it
has not gone into the hands of the
people if we don't do right by this this
country would suffer your guest Randy
here wants government taking from white
people based on the color of their skin
and giving it to black people based on
the color of their skin and that's just
evil we have as many
historic reasons for poverty in America
we hear that more white people and are
in poverty than blacks Donald Trump has
shown the best way to raise everybody's
plight is to lower corporate taxes and
create jobs
black homeownership is at an all-time
high under Donald Trump and it was at an
all-time low under Barack Obama I voted
for Donald Trump but you look at my skin
color and assume I didn't to try to put
me in this liberal basket awesome
without knowing who you're talking to
you assume based on my ethnicity that
you know how I thought and how I would
argue so you're a good example imagine
if I were going in for a job interview I
can already assume you would think how I
am I conduct myself I probably how I
live what my family's like without
knowing we do need to correct this
problem in the country
