one of the darkest pages in the war has
been the exposure of torture of Iraqi
prisoners of course at the Abu Ghraib
prison the warning you may find the
following images disturbing
LT has spoken exclusively to some former
Abu Ghraib detainees who describe their
ordeal all right we know and when the
Americans arrived with their tanks we
thought they would read us of the harsh
regime everyone will have their own
house in car just like in the wealthy
Arab countries or in the West but it
turns out to be the opposite oh and mr.
Shah they would hang a prisoner on the
metal door of the cell and subjects him
to electrocution or urination they would
stick a rifle into sensitive areas or
they would use a broken broomstick
causing internal bleeding prisoners
would need surgery after I was released
whenever I saw Americans on the street I
would be terrified they would send me
back to that place and torture me again
it still keeps me up at night
remembering the torture here the screen
the time I spend in that prison felt
like a lifetime an hour or that pain
humiliation and injustice stays with you
forever no hobbies I still have
nightmares and suffer physical and
mental pain as if it'll happen yesterday
I worked night and day to try to forget
it what we went through and what
happened to Iraq was a terrible crime
it broke us even now I can't get inside
a bathtub because it makes me think of
waterboarding
