well meanwhile Ksenia Sobchak the
russian interned opposition candidate
was looking to shake things up she said
a vote for her would be a vote against
everyone else and so far was most of the
bats now counted she's managed to get
around 1.5 percent of the votes artis
Ilya pachenko visited her headquarters
and got reaction directly from subject
herself liberal opposition candidate 36
year old Ksenia Sobchak showed up at her
own HQ just minutes after the last
polling station in Russia closed but
really there was nothing to celebrate
back then it was already clear that she
was going to come forth but with less
than two percent well regardless of that
Sagna subshock as we've heard many times
today likes to portray herself as the
new prominent opposition figure in this
country and perhaps that explains the
heat in the debate she had a little
earlier with Alexei Navalny who is one
of the most fierce critics of Vladimir
Putin in Russia but as we remember he
hadn't been allowed to take part in the
selection under a law that bans people
who were charged criminally from running
for president the protester capacity
pretty late Sweden da so a pollutant
badly if certain religious leader
concede that president they mean is
private results to me more we still
attack the does not when you might store
we live God seemed to be pressed a
little opposites in mid-water the
tourists again - asprova Alexiou Atocha
below Managua - presents its water -
flora not film approach here abrecan
you would assume that if you ask any
politician
any presidential candidate around the
world if he or she would be happy with
that kind of disappointing result you'd
expect the answer no in a vast majority
of cases but as zinnia sub jack told me
in an exclusive live interview a few
hours ago she doesn't see it that way of
course it's not the result I would dream
about but
my campaign was not about result my
campaign was about talking truth on the
propagandistic channels of federal TV in
Russia this result is higher than any
other liberal candidate and that makes a
platform for Ryu Nisshin after the
debates with Alexey Navalny that you
just had a few hours ago are you
confident in that kind of future for a
so-called United opposition bloc I'm
very disappointed by the discussion
because I came there to discuss our
future six years with Putin and how we
will fight with him but in fact we were
discussing kevie in my Instagram which
is ridiculous to my way should we take
your result the result of grigoriev lead
scheme and mr. t top as well and add
them together still I think that's just
under 5% so is there much room for
improvement here and are you hoping to
improve in the near future education is
the most important value of my program
education of Russian people of telling
them truth about the situation they live
in trying to make them understand the
connection between their level of life
and corruption that is there in the
country the only real way to make this
5% grow in to 51% is to make people
understand this connection
what is your maybe projective or a few
adjectives that you can use or some
other words to describe this it's a
success of freedom of speech and this is
our most important success during this
campaign was the vote itself Queen we
should be realistic about this huge
amount of support of putting this result
well maybe it would be not 75% but 68 or
whatever but still we should admit that
the majority people now really want this
president
