the name Donald Trump probably isn't one
you would expect to find someone called
in Afghanistan but well that's exactly
what one couple decided to call their
child hoping it would bring some good
fortune
unfortunately the gamble didn't pay off
they're facing backlash and have even
been driven from their home town before
my son was born I was reading about
Donald Trump's background and his policy
I thought his policies the best and this
made me call my son after him
does not want to come or normal when I
named my son Donald Trump the behavior
rolled my family and my parents changed
because of pressure I left my village
for Kabul my close France also distance
themselves from us they asked why did
you name your son Donald Trump wasn't
there any other name
we are very happy to name our child
after the best politician and I hope he
will become a politician like Donald
Trump as well I gave my son this name to
make him lucky and I hope to see him as
smart and mindful as Donald Trump I will
never change
