23 British diplomats are to be expelled
from Russia in retaliation to an
identical move by the UK over the
poisoning of a former double agent in
Britain the British ambassador to Russia
was told the news when he was summoned
to the foreign ministry
Mandira tutor sums up what we know
tensions have been escalating and here
we are now 23 British diplomats are
going to be expelled they've got a week
they've been given a week to leave this
was told to the UK ambassador who was
summoned to the Russian Foreign Ministry
this morning there the Russian foreign
ministers also said that further
measures in retaliation to this growing
diplomatic dispute over the nerve agent
attack on the former spy in Britain will
be taken if Britain takes any more
unfriendly moves towards Russia part
open then yeah they have so you know we
have been seeing the rhetoric yesterday
we saw a Sergey Lavrov speak quite
harshly and Moscow retaliating to that
as well what we also have is Russia's
ordering that the consulate just to
explain this there's a consulate in st.
Petersburg and they asked or requested
any expansion that has now been refused
and if we look at the background here
you know Russia has taken a number of
steps when these scribbles were poisoned
to try and cooperate with the British
authorities they requested samples of
the nerve agent Britain refused to
provide them Russia also said it was
willing to help with the investigation
they hadn't heard back from that so they
wanted to cooperate then and recently
Moscow just lost their own criminal
investigation we don't know when that's
going to happen how that's going to
happen if it's going to happen at all
because of course they will need that
cooperation from the Brits that's the
situation as it stands yeah now on
Friday the British Foreign Secretary up
the ante saying it was overwhelmingly
likely that the poisoning was directed
by President Putin himself the Kremlin
described the comment as quote
unforgivable behavior for a diplomat
Russia's envoi to the organization for
the prohibition of chemical weapons is
the UK's refusal to work together with
Moscow
is suspicious Chloe I'm good did a good
son based on statements by the head of
the British delegation they regard our
proposal on bilateral consultations as
an attempt to procrastinate and they
urged everybody not to listen to these
lies as they say they say Russia's
intention is to avoid being held
accountable but I see it differently
my guess is actually our British friends
and partners are just afraid they are
afraid that our experts may analyze
those samples and they may see some
dirty tricks there or something our
British partners don't want this to
happen if they don't produce any
evidence we will regard that as they
have nothing to show and they will be
held accountable for slander you could
see turtles go at its person I'm in the
but we offer two other options if they
don't want to talk to us directly we can
go through the Executive Council we can
set up a group of technical experts led
by the director-general and if they are
not happy with that they can call a
special session but the British are not
happy with any of these options they can
call a meeting of the highest body of
the OPCW and we can address the issue
there so they have a number of different
options for sure they will not be able
to tell where this substance came from
this will require dialogue between
Russia and the UK direct or indirect
there are many ways to go about it
when the Soviet Union collapsed in the
early 90s intelligence services took
from Russia a group of specialists in
their documents including Vilnius Ayane
and they continued their work with
Soviet knowledge and we even know in
which countries the work continued some
of this work was successful and we can
find the results openly on NATO and EU
websites well even though the British
investigation into the poisoning is
still ongoing UK officials were fast to
turn their words into action as
Jacqueline booga reports issue threats
impose sanctions and cancel your plans
to attend the World Cup now there's no
time to explain
the stuff memes are made of literally
concrete proof a full and transparent
investigation no time for that the
European Council isn't hanging around
Donald Tusk is calling everyone in to
discuss what nobody's certain about I'm
ready to put this issue on the agenda of
next week charging forward on the most
likely inspired by Moscow front no time
to be sure even Australia's backing
Teresa Mays compelling case against
Russia innocent until it gets
interesting
Australia stands in solidarity and
supports the United Kingdom and the UK
defence secretary isn't overly keen on
hearing out the defence frankly Russia
should go away it should shut up just
after that Gavin Williamson announced 48
million pounds will be invested in a new
chemical weapons defense center why
because Russia of course the defense
secretary is also going to deliver with
anthrax vaccines for troops what does
that have to do with the script ball
poisoning no time to explain
and it took France no time at all to
change its mind on action initially
skeptical and calling it too soon to
blame the Kremlin Paris is set to agree
on and imposed new sanctions on Russia
you ve seen a waha Aveda Momo de salida
a
Nozomi Britain ich so the plan is
solidarity with the UK which apparently
includes deliberately avoiding a Russian
stand at the Paris Book Fair what we are
seeing is a whole lot of act first and
ask later and frankly we should take
more time to find the answers
