hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
the firing of Rex Tillerson at the State
Department surprised few how he was
fired is something well completely
different Tillerson was often described
as bland and on numerous occasions out
of step with his boss Donald Trump the
nomination of Mike Pompeo to replace him
is anything but bland
cross knocking foggy bottom I'm joined
by my guess Michael Flanagan in
Washington he is president of Flanagan
consulting in a former congressman also
in Washington we have Morgan Muchnick he
is a Republican strategist as well as
founder of the m2 group and in
Williamsburg we cross to Andrew Langer
he is president of the Institute for
liberty as well as host of the Andrew
Langer show on WBAL Baltimore all right
gentlemen cross-table rules in effect
that means he can jump in anytime you
want oh Michael let me go to you first
in Washington well we know what kind of
Secretary of State Donald Trump doesn't
want does Mike Pompeo fit the bill of a
Secretary of State do you think he does
want go ahead Michael
thanks Peter I think yeah he does I
think Trump is a dynamic person there's
there's a lot of energy and what he does
whether you like the energy or not is up
to you but there's it's not a
circumspect approach to problems like
maybe Obama had or even Bush it's it's
much more energetic it's much more
lively and Pompeyo certainly fits that
character better than Rex Tillerson did
just from a from a sociological point of
view if you'll permit Morgan you know
I've looked at pompey's history former
military many actually you graduated
first in his class at West Point yeah
obviously he was in Congress but he's
like he's not a very diplomatic guy okay
I mean his statements in public life are
very very strident is is that the kind
of person the United States needs at
Foggy Bottom
go ahead Morgan well in terms of the
United States needs or not that's open
for debate I agree with your former
speaker that it's what President Trump
wants I think President Trump is very
much of the mindset of being a proactive
problem solver and I think you can make
the argument that if you look back
through generations and generations of
diplomats all being the sort of
prototypical diplomatic figure not
making waves and you can say sort of
look where the world is you know North
Korea isn't any closer to being resolved
you know Iran deal we can talk about
that let me ask you something real quick
here because I think it's kind of
important here I absolutely agree with
you a you serve at the pleasure of the
President
absolutely okay however I think it's all
fair to say and it looks like you guys
are all pretty much Republicans
I've been conservative I don't
necessarily identify with the party but
you know I in and it's not an insult
Donald Trump is not very knowledgeable
about world affairs okay I mean in I
sometimes get the impression he's not
really quite interested in I think the
United States at this time particularly
really needs a strong Secretary of State
so let throw that back to you Morgan
well okay so fine yes you so that you
don't think this current person is
strong I mean if anything he's going to
make the argument that he might be too
strong I I think it's a matter of how
you approach problem-solving if you want
to approach a problem-solving from
America first American strength and
let's bend the problem the world issues
to the will of what this president's
trying to achieve rather than what has
been traditionally the case from both
parties in the past which is let's do
our best best in the typical diplomatic
dance you note again I keep going back
to the fact that what has that dance
brought the world from American point of
view I mean it is Korean Peninsula and
they better off from the traditional
diplomatic dance that both parties have
been doing for 30 40 50 years
is Iran a more stable place you know is
the world as a world more game you can
make the argument you can make the
argument that diplomacy has never been
applied and Tillerson actually was and
by the time he was fired Trump had come
around to Tillerson his point of view
Andrew let me go to you important
question here I mentioned that Pompeo is
we used to be a military man it seems
like now the circle has been completely
closed so Trump is surrounded by
military people okay a very high rank
and an experience here and I think my
producer sent out the questions through
to all of you I mean there's tump really
Trembley really needed top diplomat
because it doesn't seem like that's part
of the his vision for America first in
the world go ahead Andrew Trump Trump
doesn't eat atop the diplomat but you
know let me get off of something that
Morgan was talking about in terms of
problem solving because there are some
internal problems that have needed to
have been solved with regards to this
administration and relationships with
our foreign affairs community generally
and so I think it's very interesting
that Pompeo was over at CIA in an era in
which the intelligence community has
been essentially at war with the
president since before he took office
sure now with the appointment of a
career CIA officer as head of CIA and
Pompeyo moving over to state one wonders
if a lot of that of that fence has been
mended in many respects the pompeya was
brought in there to really try to build
those relationships and to fix the
problems and to get get CIA in the
intelligence community generally in line
with what the president is looking at in
terms of a world agenda and now the
president takes Mike Pompeo solves the
problem over at CIA and the IC and then
goes he brings him over to state where
you have a corps of career diplomats I
know a number of them I went to school
with a number of them who are not big
fans of this president so there are
mixed messages being sent abroad and so
Mike Pompeo is over there and no small
measure to help bring the diplomatic
corps more in line with what this
administration's objectives and goals
are okay we'll see okay Michael because
that's a very interesting point but I
think it can be problematic as well I
mean Mike Pompeo is is conceived by many
at least I will say yeah very neocon in
his approach to foreign policy and
presumably he will be bringing in people
of the same caliber and as we just heard
from Andrew I mean the State Department
I would say is kind of liberal I think
that would be a fair thing to say so I
mean I'm not sure if the problems of the
sector of the Department of State is
going to be resolved in any form
whatsoever okay Michael it's gonna be
very ideologically driven I think I have
that impression go ahead you might be
right Peter but the hiring is not done
at the secretary level it's surprising
in this administration having been
someone familiar with the hiring going
on at the White House is that it's at
the White House so Pompeo is not gonna
bring in his a co da of his friends to
run State it's still going to be hirings
done it at the Trump level at the at the
OMB level also a state is a unique place
and I think we have to really talk about
that for just a second to discuss State
at the Department of Defense for example
the functionaries that run the
Department of Defense are generals
there's a veneer of political
people on top that make policy and an
enforced policy and think grand thoughts
but the place is run by generals the
same is true at Foggy Bottom it's run by
ambassadors the most people at Foggy
Bottom work for an ambassador somewhere
in the world or or at Foggy Bottom the
embed unlike generals who don't change
with every administration ambassadors do
change with every administration and the
president puts his thumbprint on state
every president does by saying a state
is going to have a policy that looks
like me and that I look like it more so
than probably any other federal
department and so when you have this
changeover of the functionaries of foggy
bottom there's gonna be some resistance
because many of the hirings were from
the previous guy or the guy previous to
that and there's some reason that they
were hired because they are hired in an
ideological stream and so I think you're
right foggy bottom is a little more
liberal than most but Trump is putting
his stamp on that place as every
president does and I think Pompeo is a
great step forward for him to have it
look like Trump like which is absolutely
necessary and if Trump's going to have
this place in the world okay let me go
to Morgan here bullet it will what kind
of footprint fingerprints it will Pompey
Olli because again like I said he's
extremely bombastic and we'll talk about
some of his views in the second half of
the program here Morgan I mean is is
Trump going to treat Pompeo the same way
I mean like on whims like walking into
an off and say I've decided I'm gonna
talk with the Koreans I mean everybody
gets flat-footed when it comes to that I
mean do you think the chemistry there is
strong enough for Pompeo to say oh okay
yes sir and that's it because the
Secretary of State should also give
counsel not just you know execute orders
go ahead Morgan right so first just very
quickly on that point I don't think
anyone in the world is strong enough to
do that I think to be a senior person
under for this president is extremely
difficult no matter what your world view
is so just that whether it's Pompeii or
whomever might flame they like but one
thing you said a second ago
I would I would just want to
respectfully disagree with I strongly
believe this president is far less
ideological than people believe he is I
believe he often uses ideology as
a process or a tool for negotiation so
doesn't mean there aren't a few issues
in which she is I think the Iran issue
could be one of them that's a very fair
point and I like it okay but at the same
time I bet there has to be a method to
your madness I mean I think there has to
be kind of a world view of how the world
should work in the place of the United
States up so after all he is
representing the United States and and I
think that you know when you look at it
like at the Middle East it seems like
he's kind of caving in to a lot of
interests on the ground look Saudi and
Israeli and whatnot and and and and and
it isn't necessarily in the American
interest but again like I said I think
it's a genuine general lack of interest
in these things and he's you know
collates around people that are very
powerful or he thinks it'll do with you
know what they're thinking I mean the
United States say is is very you should
be very wary of putting so much faith
into the Israelis and Saudis after all
it's America first not those two
countries Andrew before we go to the
break jump in well we'll get back to in
the second half go ahead and well no I'd
listen I'm just gonna say no no I was
just gonna say in the end you know this
is a president that that does not take
foreign adventurism lightly I think
we'll see me realize we are seeing my
dad bye Andrew we'll see we'll see it's
still early keep going in no no I was
just gonna say I mean in we went through
we went through eight years of America
essentially ignoring our alliances with
Israel and we we saw very little
progress done on the Middle East peace
front in fact a lack of American
involvement created a very much of a
power vacuum I like that being said I
think this president would is gonna I do
I really really disagree with that
statement the US has given Israel every
single year more and more money okay it
the biggest arms deals in history to
Saudi Arabia
it remains needlessly in Afghanistan it
remains needlessly in Iraq and Iraqis
want the u.s. to leave but they won't
leave the Parliament passed a resolution
doesn't even make the papers there no I
I think that you know I like Donald
Trump Andrew because of what he said
during the campaign
Payne not what he's doing is president
okay I'd like to you respond that and
Andrew go ahead listen I mean there are
there are movements of foot to pull the
us out of Yemen to sort of change what's
happening on the ground in the Indy
between Saudi Arabia and what they're
doing on the Horn of Africa there are
movements there as well
do you agree allottee is do you agree
with that you know Andrew do you agree
with that much do agree with that I
think I think listen and I think
Congress certainly needs to Reese okay
well good okay we're gonna go to a hard
break after that short break we'll
continue our discussion on American
diplomacy stay with RT welcome back to
crosstalk where all things are
considered on Peter LaBelle to remind
we're discussing president Trump's
government reshuffle
okay right before we went to the break
Andrew and I were having a go back and
forth there and Andrew I'm sorry Morgan
you wanted to jump in in Washington go
right ahead oh sure the only point I was
trying to make was that it's true that
America is still evolved involved mill
physically in certain areas of the world
I mean I just think it's unrealistic to
expect any president to be this sort of
isolationist version from a hundred and
some years ago the world is still
dangerous place and I think there's a
room for president Trump to have a less
interventionist I strongly let prefer
that word to neocon less interventionist
role in the world but still not be
literally zero it's just not realistic
in the world for the superpower of the
world to have literally zero footprint I
know you don't necessarily mean zero but
I do strongly believe that people need
to look at it compared it to the former
administration or the administration
before that and have a more realistic
understanding of America's military role
in the world yeah I don't disagree with
that I mean the United States the most
powerful country in the world and of
course it's going to have a footprint I
absolutely that's true all right
let me go to Michael here and that kind
of brings us to where I wanted to go I
mean you know you look at of course the
the conflict in Syria Trump inherited it
but there's no real reason for the
American military to be there whatsoever
okay quote-unquote Trump defeated Isis
which is not true the United States
played a role Russia played a role Iran
played a role Hezbollah pater played a
role and most of all the Damascus
government did okay that is winding down
but the American footprint stays there
and nobody in the country wants them to
stay there playing the role of a spoiler
let's go to South Korea this two Koreas
are talking together and the United
States wants to be a wedge in that I say
more diplomacy let's have someone that
will say let's sit down and resolve this
okay begin but no and that's the kind of
adventurism that I think the u.s. needs
to get away from because it doesn't have
any benefits from it okay go ahead
Michael they're talking because of
they're talking well let me go to
Michael go ahead Michael okay
adventurism you're talking about Peter
the the adventurism you're talking about
Peter
is far less than than the neo-cons under
Bush and and I disagree with you I don't
think there are a lot of neo cons in
this administration driving foreign
policy there militarily or the civilian
side with with the views on from foggy
bottom I think that the the advisers and
other helpers that are in Iran Iraq are
very small in number and the reason that
we're staying in spite of the Iraqi
government is because of the great
influence of Iran as for South Korea the
only reason they are talking is because
Trump was involved I think that he has
actually moved the ball on the Korean
Peninsula more than any president has
ever and so I think the interventionist
to the extent that you want to call it
that and that's a fair word I think is
been productive even though it's
something that's rough going and a
little rocky but these things are gonna
be rough going in a little rocky and I
think Trump is just the guy yeah but
make it happen if you look at sizing up
to be one of the best foreign policy
presidents we've had ok well that will
ok the jury is still out on that because
you know mentioning Yemen why is the
United States supporting the Saudi
government in Yemen it's committing
genocide I mean it hardly has ever
covered in American media it is a real
disgrace there's no reason for that then
you have an expanding military footprint
in Africa again no very little fuel
actually talked about in the mainstream
media so all of you guys can tell you
about interventionism is good I don't
see it at all I think it's been a abject
failure for the last 15 years ok I mean
I'll tell you one would let me tell you
one more thing you know you know America
wants to start winning again because it
hasn't so I'm carrying a page from
Donald Payne Donald Trump's campaign ok
I'm sorry who wanted to jump in there
boom Morgan do you want to jump in there
and then I'll go to Andrew all right go
ahead Mike go ahead good sorry real real
quick and it just went one quick
sentence we're nowhere in the world with
the possible exception of Iraq that we
haven't been invited we're nowhere where
we're just a were here get over it and
so if we're in Africa or wherever else
we are we're there with the permission
and understanding of the country so
having said that
but you think they okay but at the same
time you say and is there an
authorization from Congress to be there
that is important too okay when you see
the entire congressional powers or
war-making
being eroded and doesn't matter what
administration what parties there that
is that is a trend that is very very
dangerous okay Andrew go ahead jump in
all right I didn't think was gonna be
this I will tell you that Senator go
ahead real quick
Senator Mike Lee and and and Patrick
Leahy have gotten together in a vintage
introduce legislation to reassert
Congress's powers under the War Powers
Act good at drop last week we had a
dinner about it a couple of weeks ago
and talked about it I mean listen
looking issue with Saudi Arabia there's
a real question as to what our treaty
obligations are with Saudi Arabia and
those are those are going to be examined
but as to the issue of South Korea
listen the reality is that the
diplomatic talk over the last 50 years
hasn't worked in terms of bringing any
of the Kim's to the table that the u.s.
reasserting the the hemispheric defense
over there by putting anti-ballistic
missile technology in along the North
the mid-range anti-ballistic missile
technology that were helping here at
home that has what has brought the North
Koreans to the table and that's not
interventionism that's not adventurism
that is the u.s. pushing forth and
trying to actually accomplish something
possibly bringing in the Koreas together
listen curry unification is within our
grasp for the first time in about 30
years and we should all be applauding
that ok well that that's a topic a
different program because if there's
unification on what terms that's an
interesting topic okay Morgan you've
been very patient go ahead go ahead jump
in thank you and just the last thing is
and you mentioned it's a few times a few
people here that time will tell and it's
true and it's fair listen this president
is trying different tactics tactics that
are not traditionally tried by any
political party in American modern
history so it's true time will tell if
we look back in a couple years and there
is unification in North Korea and the
Iran situation the danger there has
lessened then regardless of the process
how can you not say that well but
the process is very important and I'm
glad you went there it's exactly where I
wanted to go I want to go to Michael now
so trump wants to rip up the Iran deal
but he wants to make a deal with the
North Koreans why should the North
Koreans believe Trump if the United
States is good breaking tearing up an
internationally agreed treaty when there
is no violations whatsoever against Iran
why would North Korea trust that this is
what I'm well you according to the
United Nations inspectors yes okay and
and the IAEA yes I don't care what
American media says and political hacks
in Washington okay I listen to experts
okay so Michael think about that
scenario you want to tear up an
agreement they pray this administration
sign and you want to sign a noon with
another country why should the North
Koreans trust the United States and
Trump go ahead well let's the burnish my
own credentials for just a minute I
spent two years in Iraq on the Iranian
border
so I know a little bit on a granular
level what we're talking about but
nowhere near mr. muchnick's experience
in the region and but let me say this
the the the Iranian deal was signed by a
previous administration with it which
this president particularly and
Republicans generally have fought
against and have said that it needs to
go and have used those words in and out
of Congress
apart from hacks in Washington like me
so I think that do not anticipate that
the this president would want to get rid
of that deal is not is not should not be
too surprising to the Iranians and North
Korea is I think that's a that's a
personal thing I think what's going on
in North Korea they any missile defense
is of course very important and and and
we're right there but what's going on in
North Korea is is Lil Kim and and the
Big D are interpersonally men
mano-a-mano working together working
apart fighting each other fighting
together and this is a very personal
thing which is unique in foreign policy
you're right Peter this is not how we
usually do it but this is how Trump is
going to do it and I think that's what's
bringing the Koreas together is that we
don't have the layers of diplomatic talk
that we've had forever I'm having lunch
tomorrow with ambassador de Trani who's
done this for years he's great man
but this is a new dynamic dynamic way of
going about it that's unique to Trump
okay and it's going to heal great result
you know let's make sure the we give
agency to all the Koreans here it's
their faith it's their future and I
think the United States hopefully will
play a positive role because the United
States doesn't want to leave South Korea
it's too important geopolitically for it
and it doesn't matter what the will of
the people of both Koreas are that's
another angle of all this here let me go
to Andrew the same thing here you know
how can you trust the country that rips
up and internationally agreed I mean you
got all the Europeans in it they want
this Agreement to stay with Iran they
and you know you're always worried about
your Trump's creating divisions with
Europe and the European allies well
that's exactly what's going to happen
the Europeans are adamant they will stay
with this deal go ahead Andrew well and
the Europeans are welcome to stay with
that deal Europeans are staying many
European nations are staying with the
European Union despite the fact that
that is not working properly and so what
we're talking about here is the issue of
of of North Korea as Michael was saying
this issue of the two leaders talking
but it's also remember it's also the
fact that Donald Trump's pressures and
the Americas pressures on the peninsula
have got the North and South talking and
that's really what this is all about you
talk about two nations solving problems
that is really what is gonna happen and
what's gonna wind up happening is Kim is
gonna be offered a deal in which he is
able to leave power peacefully to go
into exile somewhere I don't think so I
don't think that's going to happen I
talk to okay well I don't think that's
gonna happen it you know okay well we
and we all have to point out again the
media doesn't like to talk about it but
they're the talks it will have been
agreed to without preconditions that's
exactly what the North Koreans wanted
okay gentlemen we've run out of time
many thanks to my guests in Washington
and Williamsburg and thanks to our
viewers for watching us here at RT see
you next time and remember crosstalk
rules
