the torrent of allegations come just as
Russians prepare to go to the polls in
Sunday's presidential election our
senior correspondent Murat Gans Dave
looks now at how public funded
broadcasters in the West are doing what
Russia's been accused of all along
goodness does this Russia story keep
going
you go by what they say on TV Russia has
now meddled interfered with and
corrupted practically every single
letter of the US Constitution and they
expect more this threats not going to go
away the Russians have been at this a
long time and I fully expect they'll
continue to be at it do you have
concerns that they might try and
interfere in the u.s. midterms which are
coming up of course good thing the CIA
is on watch ight Boonton now expect to
taste his own medicine a little of Uncle
Sam's own meddling boring been happening
for years you'd never believe how
obvious they are about it the US
government's own broadcasting Board of
Governors its Cold War offspring Voice
of America Radio Liberty current time
etc these guys will apparently go pretty
far to sow mistrust among Russians there
were so-called presidential campaign
isn't going and people are saying some
stuff today is Valentine's Day in Russia
it should probably be celebrated as love
for Vladimir Putin thing when people try
to organize a demonstration or something
against Putin they tend to get arrested
crazy stuff huh imagine if someone nrt
was this unprofessional it might be fair
to say this would be considered
unacceptable by the Western
establishment remember how they accused
Russia of favouring a political
candidate during the u.s. election you'd
think that never do that themselves
ish and that's just over the course of
one day but come on that's not fair
Navalny isn't running what do they have
to say about the other candidates will
eight of them a block of grass Toronto
FC or una y de una de caca yo ang that's
a mini-me virgil on yahoo barista talk
globally camaro pretty born a wonky sri
jiva marina magna room one is yellow
Nietzsche brothers I'm silver mainly
young Jim goober cutouts with thanks
current time we get the message
Washington's preferred guys aren't on
the ballot but this could be considered
subtle compared to what's next
courtesy of the German international
broadcaster Deutsche Welle
these guys literally have instructions
on how to boycott or protest the
elections in Russia bonus easy to read
and very simple you serious foreign
state-funded news media instructing
Russians on how to ruin the elections
can you imagine what they would do to RT
if we ran anything of what you just saw
even if we had wanted to some might say
the double standard is fully alive and
kicking
as for foreign meddling in Russia's
internal affairs that's been around for
decades
ever since Russia actually established
itself as a state director who is but
you don't actually know what know what
know ye Romano is born
so a quorum is granite what was a point
of history Jerusalem
Ric Islamic Naqada illicit chessmen
initial holder is Durham toe toe toe toe
toe toe heel in Uganda yes perilous for
sure most of the politicians in Russia's
presidential election are what you would
call political veterans who have had
their share of ups and downs over time
the red super powers days are numbered
and changes in the air
some of the future candidates seize the
opportunity and start testing out the
political waters in the crumbling state
well this man needs no introduction
although he did back then with his spy
days behind him the wild 90s find
lieutenants in Petersburg or rather
Leningrad as it was back then working as
an advisor for the northern capitals
mayor and he's got some harsh words for
the commies there are lots of pictures
of Putin and his boss Anatoly Sobchak
from that time here they are walking and
laughing and posing with a gun and if
the names subject sounds familiar
you've guessed it he's the daddy of
another nominee trying to get into the
Kremlin this year back then Ksenia is
your average politicians kid giving her
thoughts on cultural events in the city
- gushing reporters make us to bring me
a black attending a prestigious school
and playing with Putin's daughter in
front of the cameras these two future
nominees are at the epicenter of
political life and their careers are
really taking off in three years
Latin is your enough speakers front of
political nobody to presidential
candidate for finish affects me leo on
the floor skip the Pharisee would in a
course of sound for news in them
saying it international anxiety over
that kind of rhetoric will come a bit
later with the first big win for sure a
no skis party at the time economists
grigory yavlinsky is a lot more of a
media darling he's best known for his
market maker of a plan to introduce the
Soviet economy to such radical ideas as
a private property and the free market
all in just 500 days
no action is taken and he quits deciding
to go it alone in the world of politics
yeah wolinski was actually inside the
White House during the failed coup
attempt when communist hardliners tried
to overthrow the reform-minded Gorby one
of our future candidates steers totally
clear of politics in the 90s the
Communists dark horse
pavel drew demon at this point he's
quite happy to run a state farm named
after lenin he'll go on to make millions
well let's fast forward now to March
2018 for a closer look at one of those
hopefuls today it's the turn of grigory
yavlinsky who is the leader of social
liberal yeah broker party this veteran
of Russian politics is 65 years old his
campaign centers on strengthening and
protecting private property rights and
also among his promises is an increase
in the minimum wage
his 2018 campaign slogan is road to the
future here's where he stands on the big
issues in his own words we need the kind
of state that faces its people and
doesn't tennis back a stay that gives
them land builds roads opens bank
accounts
I need the kind of state that has as its
primary goal the protection of a life of
each and every citizen that's what we
need our state to be like
yes Lee economic courage if Russia's
economy remains in the same state it's
in now then our country will never have
a strong army or be capable of defending
its extensive borders with the most
unpredictable regions in the world
galava say the country's main foreign
policy goal should be to make its people
rich and safe our foreign policy should
be aimed at improving our quality of
life and boosting economic growth the
country citizens should be the ones
benefiting from our foreign policy in
this regard the last decades foreign
policy led by Putin and Lavrov which has
been an absolute disaster
yeah dizzle Slava I would definitely
work to make sure our citizens can
travel across the world without needing
visas I will do everything so the
Russian people feel safe in all of the
world's countries and most importantly I
will make sure that Russian citizens are
not sacrificing their lives in the
interests of others well on Saturday
evening our special election coverage
kicks off on Red Square now and
continues all through polling day as the
results and reactions come in
