the diplomatic route between Britain and
Russia has deepened over the past 24
hours with Prime Minister Theresa May
promising more sanctions over the
poisoning of former double agent circus
crippled since the UK directly blamed
Moscow for the incident its allies have
lined up to back her claim here's a look
at some of the evidence being tottered
which might be swaying their minds
I'm afraid the evidence is overwhelming
that it is Russia and there's something
by the way in the kind of smug sarcastic
response that we've heard from the
Russians that to me be tokens that
indicates their fundamental guilt France
shares Britain's assessment that there
is no other plausible explanation and
reiterates its solidarity with its ally
this is not an isolated incident
Russia failed to ensure Syria destroyed
its chemical weapons program the attack
in Salisbury has taken place against the
backdrop of a reckless pattern of
Russian behavior over many years Russia
these cells burry poisoner everyone
seems to have made up their minds and
the UK's Foreign Secretary was blah
jerkle inventive stereotypes in its
blatant Russian nests the nerve agent
sends a signal to all who may be
thinking of dissent in the intensifying
repression of putin's russia nova jock
the new noxious scare a nerve agent with
obvious russian Asst the chemicals even
been featured in a TV spy thriller in a
standoff between the UK agents and
russians the show is marketed using the
slogan diplomacy is overrated a
conscience
the positive side your Russian FSB thank
you for finding dr. mark of us again
we'll also be taking the nature for
ourselves
TV and cinema have made these secret
services poisoning people plot and
international feature after all even the
most British of all agents James Bond
has also found himself amid some toxin
driven storylines
so are we having a case of blatant bonus
here but this is of course all fiction
it didn't happen in reality of all the
culprits with a tainted record the one
that stands out is the CIA one of their
key targets Cuba's late commandante
Fidel Castro among the hundreds of
alleged assassination attempts work
cigars laced with poison and their
contaminated pen so could the sales
berry poisoning be blatant american-ness
one could stretch this logic beyond any
reason and say for example the UK has
been honing its skills in the death by
chemicals business since Shakespeare's
Macbeth busted blatant Englishness the
CIA James Bourne Shakespeare one thing
all of my theories have in common is an
insane age of conspiracy we're not
taking them seriously neither should
anyone but when it comes to Russia and
proof well we've already heard the DNA
argument in the election meddling
scandal the historical practices of the
Russians who typically almost
genetically driven to co-opt penetrate
international law is being substituted
for hashtags hashtag Russia did it
hashtag highly likely yeah indeed highly
likely is the term Britain and its
allies use in their joint statement to
conclude Moscow's culpability for the
poisoning they also want Russia to tell
the organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons about the nerve agent
which was thought to have been used
international affairs commentator Marco
Gossage says the UK also has data that
should be disclosed well it almost
doesn't matter whether they're Russian
citizens or not I mean here we have an
instance where someone in this case
Russia is being accused so the someone
being accused is not being told what the
evidence is against them in fact they've
been denied sight of the evidence that
they could then question investigate and
contest so in in the British legal
system in any Western legal system that
would be viewed as utterly
scandalous but it seems there the
british establishment thinks that that's
the way to treat russia which clearly is
illegal as the Ambassador mentioned it's
also immoral and it also prevents a
proper investigation which may indeed be
the point of making all the evidence
opaque to outsiders
