most of the candidates in this weekend's
Russian presidential election are what
you would call political veterans who've
had their share of ups and downs over
time in 2000's Russia you no longer go
to the outdoor market they're gone and
so 90s instead you go to one of the many
mega malls springing up like mushrooms
and these boom years between 2003 to
2007 the oil price triples Russia's GDP
salaries and pensions are all growing as
are the approval ratings of Vladimir
Putin who wins his second election in
2004 with a landslide 71%
with Russian now recovering after years
of economic decline Putin moves to
restore the country's international
clout he pulls no punches as he speaks
at the Munich Security Conference in
2007 dr. no solution
sariputra Malta which it's a new or she
returned she totally Mia no Amira at
Nepali remedy web she Noah's motion
back at home stability is the buzzword
Russia was even left relatively
unscathed by the global financial
meltdown of 2008
that's the year Putin goes back to being
Prime Minister though he still hugs the
limelight in 2009 his tough-guy image is
complete let's see if these shirtless
snaps taken during a summer holiday in
Siberia it's an image the world just
can't forget even now Putin riding a
horse
shirtless the enduring power of brand
Putin macho image a shirtless Putin
Vladimir Putin can ride a horse without
his shirt on so what are the other 2018
candidates to be he up to
Senya sub chuck is enjoying the 2000s to
the max she's rich she's famous starring
in hosting the country's most popular
reality show
perhaps inspired by her glamorous
lifestyle subject becomes an author
writing books with titles such as how to
marry a millionaire while subject
focuses exclusively on show business and
not on politics yet another 2018
presidential candidates Vladimir
Zhirinovsky manages to do both the
Nationalists ldpr leader comes third in
the 2008 election race in what was his
third attempt at the Russian presidency
at the time you can still see him at the
state duma at glamorous red carpet
events even on vodka bottles and of
course on TV shows of all genres
Gregori yavlinsky meanwhile steps away
from big politics giving up the
leadership of his Democratic public
enticing these days he's more into
economic research and teaching students
the fifties cheerfully solution you told
her
and where do we find the surprise 2018
candidates Carole brew diamond at the
end of the decade he quits the ruling
United Russia party and gravitates
towards the Communists which only seems
logical given that he's running of farms
stemming from Soviet times and called
Lenin's soft cause
