Vladimir Putin has arrived in India for
a two-day visit it's expected Putin and
the Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi
will discuss the broadening nuclear ties
with Russia bidding to build another
nuclear power plant in the country in
addition to the one already under
construction
moreover the two leaders are to sign a
multi-billion dollar contract the
delivery of the Russian s400 air defense
system though the prospect of India
purchasing it has ruffled feathers in
Washington just as it did with some
other countries artis darkness explains
why for Russia selling its weapons is
not exactly business as usual in the
strict sense of the word it has
inadvertently expanded into the realm of
geopolitics because the united states
get visibly upset when anyone shows
interest in buying russia's arms they
even made it official that preventing
russia from exporting its weapons is
part of their game we will continue to
vigorously implement sanctions and urge
all countries to curtail relationships
with russia's defense and intelligence
sectors both of which are linked to
malign activities worldwide retribution
for disobedience was swift with China it
recently bored some of Russia's most
advanced fighter jets and anti-missile
defense systems and Washington through
Beijing in the same basket with Moscow
slapping it with sanctions stiring fury
in China but well China is at least a
geopolitical rival of Washington and
Turkey isn't it's a valued NATO member
but still one Ankara showed interest in
buying Russia's as400 systems well the
United States made it clear it does not
want them there you know it goes against
our policy to have a NATO ally such as
Turkey use an s400 system part of the
problem with that it is that it is not
interoperable with other NATO systems
and so we are against the having some of
our partners and allies around the world
potentially purchase us for hundreds
cats aside I'm not going to get into
that but we have made very clear what
could trigger sanctions for other
countries and entities around the world
the list of countries washington has
tried to convince against buying
russia's web
goes on but with indium everything hints
that it won't be just words in almost a
Godfather style of a threat the Pentagon
has warned that it has its sanction
machinery in first gear if India decides
to follow through with the purchase of
Russia's missile defense system we would
still have very significant concerns if
India pursued major new platforms and
systems I can't sit here and tell you
that they would be exempt that we would
use that waiver that will be the
decision of the president if he is faced
with a major new platform and capability
that India has acquired from Russia the
United States has essentially
backtracked on the previous promise to
defend India from the said sanctions
that's why the expected arms deal is
such a bold move for India oh my gosh
Dan of reporting from New Delhi RT
commenting on America's attempts to stop
India buying the s400 air defense system
Russia's Trade and Industry Minister
expressed cautious optimism saying India
isn't likely to cave in India is no
exception in terms of the pressure being
exerted on them and at the end of the
day it will all depend on how resilient
our colleagues are in the face of this
pressure I wouldn't venture to predict
with a hundred percent certainty how
India will act but judging by the talks
with them surely some obstacles are
liable to arise but still the colleagues
national policy is independent when it
comes to making decisions on purchasing
foreign military equipment
you
