she's a star of Russian unwell
figure-skating stun crowds at the Winter
Games in Pyeongchang where she broke a
world record and won two silver medals
and there's also a two-time world
champion meaning 18 year old the afghani
amid via Nevada had plenty to talk about
when she joined my colleague Kevin on
earlier in the studio I started to
training for Olympic Games I think at 10
years old because I understood as figure
skating is my life is my work and I
really want to compete an Olympic Games
and this is my main goal for my life the
most important part of our work just yes
sleep work sleep work sometimes eating
and say that flunk I said would you like
to wear one and as you can see this
thing weighs an absolute turn after my
long program I started to cry it was the
first time when my soul began to cry and
I didn't expect from myself but I can
cry after performance it isn't easy to
keep working when you here every time
Russian Russian and at CB Olympic Russia
Olympic again again and sometimes it
were really hard we hadn't our flack and
I was so sorry to hear it but I just
thought it's closing ceremony of Olympic
Games and maybe I will have only one
chance and I hope second chance in let's
show our view is what you did
everybody on ice rink who just watch it
live stream of Olympic Games then knew
who I am and which country I am
representing the most important is to
keep working and just show my work just
show my own soul on the ice and to
correct my health and just to continue
into work because I love figure skating
this is my life
