and the election campaign is over I'd
like to meet you I hope we can talk
about the campaign itself and about what
has to be done so that we can carry over
with the positive impetus
later on in legislative and executive
power
the election campaign has always been an
emotional time
sometimes it's overcharged that that
happens everywhere but we need to Knight
our efforts for a constructive work for
the benefit of the country going forward
met with the representatives of the
campaigns and I'd like to highlight it
once again the executive authorities
will focus on domestic issues improving
our economic growth our economy has to
rely on innovations we need to develop
our infrastructure our healthcare
science and education and based on that
that we will need to improve the
well-being of our people this is the
ultimate goal of anyone who is in the
position of power and we're no exception
and throughout your campaign you
mentioned that you talked of the divide
between the rich and the poor the
government will have to bridge that gap
and I said it multiple times we need to
cut the number of people who leave below
the poverty line and deception
especially it has it applies to those
who have a job it cannot happen that
people with a job can leave below the
poverty line we also need to bolster our
defenses straight to I'd like to say
that we don't want to start an arms race
quite the opposite we want to build our
relations with all the countries of the
world in a constructive way try to make
sure that we have dialogue with all the
partners and we hope that our partners
will have dialogue with us but it has to
be two-way street like in love on our
part we would like to resolve any issues
through political and diplomatic means
major principle is defending our
interests on national interests we hope
that our relations will be based on
respect and will be a win-win solution
for all of us as for our defense
expenditures we plan to cut them this
year and next year this will definitely
not mean a weaker defense because the
expenses for the upgrades of our
military were done in the previous years
we just need to finalize some of the
programs we need to continue some of the
other programs that I did not mention
earlier we have enough of the funds we
don't need to ramp up our military
budgets we will not allow any arms race
we have everything that we need well
we'll just move in a steady pace to also
call we will implement all of our
projects now finally I said earlier
rarely we need to know the efforts of
all political parties and public
organizations and our society and
community generally to implementing
positive agenda to resolve the issues
that our country is facing we need to
overcome the challenges Russia is facing
the tough choices
it could be solutions that need further
explanation but in any case we need to
be guided by long-term national
interests the interests of the Russian
people and we need to move aside any
clan or narrow group interests I
understand it's not easy you always have
the temptation to exploit some of the
decisions of the authorities especially
if their decision requires a little bit
of extra explanation but I urge all of
you to engage in sincere honest dialogue
based on long-term national interests
well that's what I wanted to say the
beginning hope we can exchange our
opinions on what has to be done jointly
to face the challenges that our
countries dealing with mr. Putin I would
like to start one of the most important
