that's good of you know from a former
CIA worker analyst now whistleblow John
Kiriakou is on the line hey thanks for
your time today
day's going good I can't wait hear what
you've got to say about Gina hospitals
nomination as CIA director but first
let's talk about the new Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo in your view good
choice or not
well it depends on where you stand on
these issues that you've raised in the
last couple of minutes Iran North Korea
proliferation you can disagree with Mike
Pompeo as I do on 99% of the issues but
we probably ought to recognize that he's
going to be the adult in the room at the
White House he graduated first in his
class from the Military Academy at West
Point he graduated from Harvard Law
School he's no dummy
he wasn't want to see did you ever meet
him in person did you work with his
style not no in fact he was a nobody
until seven years ago he was only
elected to Congress seven years ago and
did three terms from Kansas hmm okay
what's it gonna mean first off for these
forthcoming North Korea talks and we're
Evernote officially back from North
Korea yet but they sent the invader
Trump immediately went all for it and it
looks like they will be talked at some
point I guess is he the man with Trump
to be doing the job well I think that
he's going to have to take Trump's lead
on this Trump made a decision that he's
gonna talk to the North Koreans and
that's the end of the argument so I
think that at least on this Pompeo is
going to take a second seat on Iran
however they're in agreement that's
where we ought to be worried that's
that's where I think we're gonna see our
next confrontation I could it be wound
back or something yeah I think so the
president has said a number of times
that he wants to just do away with the
with the agreement and Pompeyo supports
that the president also has very strong
support among the Gulf monarchies
against Iran and certainly among the
Israelis and so I think that he thinks
that this is the right thing to do to
remind our viewers that Mike Pompeo has
taken a very hard stance on
whistleblowers to remind our viewers who
you are so longtime former CIA official
and whistleblower there'll be no fun of
yours will he know I'm not expecting a
warm embrace from Mike Pompeo know what
about Gina hospital did you ever come in
contact with her in your time there she
is
of course it's accused proven of being
behind enhanced interrogation techniques
that I know you should feel very
strongly about
she had the deputy job no she's been
made the boss there if it all goes
through again good move for the CIA or
not no this is this is one of the worst
moves I've ever heard of why CIA when I
heard it this morning I couldn't believe
it because Gina hospital should be in
the dock at The Hague not in the
director's office at the CIA as you
noted and as has been noted in the
Washington Post in the New York Times
and other outlets
Gina Haspel has blood all over her hands
she's the godmother of the CIA's torture
program this was approved by the
president so there's somebody above her
well the president is is certainly a fan
of torture he's come right out and said
so hmm Trump's been quite vocal about
his support for enhanced interrogation
practices as well so I guess with Gina
Hospital at the helm given everything
just been said again it's a it's a
synergy there I could say there is
indeed and the only thing that's that's
stopping them from returning to this
torture regime is one piece of paper
called the the McCain fine stein
amendment it was an amendment to the
National Defense Authorization Act that
specifically banned and prohibited
exactly the kinds of techniques that
Gina Haskell was overseeing to what
extent is trumped you think now with
these new appointments if I go through
surrounding himself I yes man yes women
oh I think that was the point all along
I don't think Donald Trump ever wanted
anybody around him who was going to
offer contrary advice he wants to be
bucked up he wants people to say yes mr.
president what a great idea mr.
president let's do it your way mr.
president and so slowly that's what
we're seeing happening
is that what you need on a presidential
team or do you need a bit of a counter
to it you need a buffer in some ways Rex
Tillerson was described as the
moderating influence is it bad news now
for given everything we just said that
he's gone
yeah I think it is bad news because
really to be successful you need to hear
all alternative viewpoints and Donald
Trump is not going to get alternative
viewpoints he doesn't want them he
doesn't listen to them and I think
that's the mark of a failing presidency
million dollar question I wonder how
long he'll be in the job do you think or
maybe you won't be putting any money on
it you know I said a year ago scandal
after scandal after scandal I don't know
how long as a country we can we can make
it through at this pace I can't imagine
that Donald Trump is going to be
President
beyond 2020 well we're full of twists
and turns thanks for your input there
junkie icon former CIA analysts and
whistleblower on the line of a good day
