and I've also spoken the White House
chief of staff Kelly to ensure we have
clarity as to the days ahead what is
most important is to ensure an orderly
and smooth transition there at a time
that the country continues to face
significant policy and national security
challenges as such effective at the end
of the day I'm delegating all
responsibilities of the office of the
secretary to Deputy Secretary of State
Sullivan my commission as Secretary of
State will terminate at midnight March
the 31st between now and then I'll
address a few administrative matters
related to my departure and work towards
a smooth and orderly transition for
Secretary of State designate Mike Pompeo
I'm encouraging my policy planning team
and under secretaries and assistant
secretaries those confirmed as well as
those in acting positions to remain at
their post and continue our mission at
the State Department than working with
the interagency process I will be
meeting members of my front office team
and policy planning later today to thank
them for their service so they have been
extraordinarily dedicated to our mission
which includes promoting values that
I've used being very important the
safety and security of our State
Department personnel accountability
which means treating each other with
honesty and integrity and respect for
one another most recently in particular
to address challenges of sexual
harassment within the department I want
to speak now to my State Department
colleagues and to our interagency
colleagues and partners at DoD and the
Joint Chiefs for staffs
most particularly to my foreign service
officers and civil service colleagues we
all took the same oath of office whether
your career employee or political
appointee we are all bound by that
common commitment
to support and defend the Constitution
to bear true faith and allegiance to the
same and to faithfully discharge the
duties of our office as a state
department we were bound together by
that oath we remain steadfast here in
Washington and it posts across the world
many of whom are in danger pay
situations without their families
the world needs selfless leaders like
these ready to work with long-standing
allies new emerging partners and allies
through now many of our struggling as
democracies and in some cases are
dealing with human tragedy crisis of
natural disasters literally crawling
themselves out of those circumstances
these are experiences that no lecture
hall in a academic environment or the
think tank can teach you only by people
going to the front lines to serve can
they develop this kind of talent to the
men and women in uniform I'm told for
the first time in most people's memory
the Department State Department of
Defense have a close working
relationship where we all agree the u.s.
leadership starts with diplomacy the men
and women in uniform at the Department
of Defense under the leadership of
Secretary of Madison general Dunford
protect us as Americans on our way of
life daily at home and abroad as an
all-volunteer military they do it for
love of country they do it for you and
they do it for me there for no other
reason as Americans we are all eternally
grateful to each of them and we honor
their sacrifices
the rewarding part of having leadership
and partnerships in place is that you
can actually get some things done and I
want to give recognition to the State
Department and our partners for a few of
their accomplishments under this
administration
first working with allies we exceeded
the expectations of almost everyone with
the DPRK maximum pressure campaign with
the announcement on my very first trip
as Secretary of State to the region that
the era of strategic patience was over
and we commenced the steps to
dramatically increase not just the scope
but the effectiveness of the sanctions
the department undertook a global
campaign to bring partners and allies on
board in every country around the world
with every embassy in mission raising
this to the highest levels and at every
meeting I've had throughout the year
this has been on the agenda to discuss
the adoption of the South Asia strategy
with a conditions-based military plan as
the tool to compel the Taliban to
reconciliation and peace talks with the
Afghan government finally equipped our
military planners with a strategy which
they can execute as opposed to a
succession of 16 1 year strategies this
clear military commitment attracted the
support of allies broadly and equipped
our diplomats with a whole new level of
certainty around how to prepare for the
peace talks that achieve the final
objectives in other areas what progress
has been made much work remains in Syria
we did achieve important ceasefires and
stabilizations which we know has saved
thousands of lives there's more to be
done in Syria particularly with respect
to achieving the peace as well as
stabilizing Iraq and seeing a healthy
government installed and more broadly in
the entire global campaign to defeat
Isis nothing is possible without allies
and pop and partners though much work
remains to establish a clear view of the
nature of our future relationship with
China how shall we deal with one another
over the next 50 years and ensure a
period of prosperity for all of our
peoples free of conflict between two
very powerful nations and much work
remains to respond to the truck
behavior and actions on the part of the
Russian government Russia must assess
carefully as to how its actions are in
the best interest of the Russian people
and of the world more broadly continuing
on their current trajectory is likely to
lead to greater isolation on their part
a situation which is not in anyone's
interest so to my colleagues in the
State Department and the interagency
much remains to be done to achieve our
mission on behalf of the American people
with allies and with partners I close by
thanking Pitts Hall for the privilege of
serving beside you for the last 14
months importantly to the 300 plus
million Americans thank you for your
devotion to a free and open society to
acts of kindness towards one another to
honesty and the quiet hard work that you
do every day to support this government
with your tax dollars all of us we know
want to leave this place as a better
place for the next generation
I'll now return to private life it's a
private citizen there's a proud American
proud of the opportunity I've had to
serve my country god bless all of you
god bless the American people god bless
america
