House Republicans have prepared a draft
report stating that they have found no
evidence of coordination or collusion
between Donald Trump and Russia during
the 2016 US presidential campaign our
correspondent in washington d.c samara
khan has more it's been announced that
the House Intelligence Committee will be
shutting down its investigation into
Russian interference in the 2016
election declaring that there is no
evidence of collusion between Trump and
the Russian government the committee
will not be interviewing any more
witnesses and they're currently
preparing a draft document for review
which will disprove the claim made by
the US intelligence community that
Vladimir Putin had a preference for
trump over Hillary Clinton a
representative Conway who's in charge of
the investigation that's been going on
for a year now said quote we found no
evidence of collusion we found perhaps
some bad judgment in appropriate
meetings we found no evidence of any
collusion of anything people were
actually doing other than taking a
meeting they shouldn't have taken or
just inadvertently being in the same
building now this puts an end to one of
the remaining investigations into the
matter and it will likely anger
Democrats who have been against closing
the investigation and Democrats are
expected to release their own report the
house intelligence committees assessment
breaks with the claims made by the US
intelligence community back in January
2017 that President Putin supposedly
ordered an influence campaign to help
Trump win but the US has been accusing
the Kremlin of interfering the 2016
presidential election for over a year
and a half now but let's put it into
perspective we have more government
officials coming out of the woodwork
admitting that there was no collusion so
it's unclear what Democrats will do next
to keep this all going earlier we spoke
to Jennifer Breeden an international law
attorney who thinks the GOP report will
seriously provoke congressional
Democrats these reports have been coming
out for for several months now I mean
over the past year that there really
hasn't been any collusion found between
the Trump campaign any intentional
collusion for things to stop from the
Trump campaign to meddle with the
election and so now we're having a
report that's going to be written by the
House GOP leaders of his
gonna enrage Democrats in Congress
because you know they've been certainly
trying to fish for evidence and we think
fishing is probably a right word at this
point yes there were probably
inappropriate meetings I mean this is
listed in the report that there were
certainly probably inappropriate
meetings or meetings that shouldn't have
occurred but in terms of stating whether
there was intentional collusion between
the presidential Trump campaign and and
the Russian government I mean we haven't
found anything of that
