traces of the nerve agent used to poison
a former Russian spy and his daughter
have reportedly been found in a
restaurant in the British city of
Salisbury the pair had had a meal there
two hours before being found unconscious
on a path bench the pizzeria is now one
of five sites cordoned off by police as
part of their ongoing investigation a
jacqueline vulgar picks up the story a
week ago two people were found collapsed
on an unremarkable bench near quite
shopping center in Salisbury the area
was sealed off and a major incident was
declared at the hospital where the pair
were being treated for exposure to an
unknown substance but no one really took
much notice of the man and the woman
until about 24 hours later when breaking
news reports began to flood the airwaves
that the 66 year old man was in fact
Sergey scruple a former Russian spy
sergey skripnikov it a born fauces he
quickly moved to Russia's foreign
military intelligence agency the GRU on
a mission to the mediterranean region in
95 he was recruited by a man calling
himself Antonio Alvarez the Hidalgo a
British intelligence talent spotter real
name
Pablo Miller
scruple exposed at least 300 Russian
spies to the UK he handed over the GI
use entire phone directory doing
inestimable damage to Moscow five years
on Colonel scruple retired from the GRU
on health grounds but continued moving
crucial information to britain's mi6
they codenamed him forthwith and bought
him a timeshare holiday home on Spain's
south coast the double agent was
convicted in 2006 of treason getting a
13 year sentence in a top-security
Russian Jail but just four years later
he was freed in a high-profile spy swap
between Moscow and Washington scrap owl
moved to the southern British town of
Salisbury where his recruiter Pablo
Miller allegedly lives the x-pyr then
enjoyed a fairly low profile till now
the first speculations appear with
immediate parallels drawn to another
former Russian agent poisoned in London
12 years ago with a public inquiry later
lying the blame squarely at the
Kremlin's feet was history repeating
itself and it didn't stop there every
wild theory was given its day in the Sun
was it North Korea was it Russia's
revenge for treason after all these
years was Putin being framed is it
linked to the Trump Russia collusion
investigation we need to make sure that
we respond not to rumor but all the
evidence that they collect this
investigation is at the early stages and
any speculations and helpful at this
time if we ought to be rigorous in this
investigation
we must avoid speculation without people
not to speculate such warnings did
nothing to quell the fires however as
police revealed that scruple and his
daughter were deliberately targeted with
a nerve agent news reports charge
forward theorizing that the attack came
from the very top in Moscow bad things
have been known to happen to Russians
who crossed Vladimir Putin the fact that
a nerve agent was used strengthens the
likelihood that this was a state sponsor
of some sort and Russia is the chief
suspect of course that doesn't look like
an act of provocation by Putin who has
been making increasingly bold and brazen
moves in the West the British Foreign
Secretary Boris Johnson joined the
course as well yes two more sanctions on
Russia
and no to the upcoming football World
Cup that is if the Kremlin is indeed
involved you must be very careful in
what we say because it is too early to
prejudge the investigation but if the
suspicions that I know on both sides of
the house proved to be well-founded then
it may very well be mr. speaker that we
are forced to look again at our regime
our sanctions regime and other measures
that we may seek to put in place Russia
hit back at Johnson's comments calling
them wild and aimed at damaging
relations between the two countries and
while the investigation continues and
concrete details are few and far in
between the public court looks to have
already solved the crime an attack of
this nature at any time especially this
time on the part of the Russian
government would constitute a monumental
act of political self-harm resulting in
severe and significant reputational
damage across the world obviously that
the shadows and the resonance in so many
people's minds are going to be from the
Alexander Litvinenko case because that
dominated the British headlines for so
long and it seems at least superficially
that there are parallels here let's face
it you know in intelligence terms he was
a busted flush he had been caught in
Russia he'd been convicted to being sent
to prison he'd been pardoned and allowed
to go free so you know the Russian
authorities will have picked him clean
of any intelligence he had which would
be useful to them and as soon as he got
to the UK mi6 would have done the same
thing so you know in terms of his old
intelligence role there's really nothing
more to add to it so in terms of what he
might have been involved in now I think
that's where the motivation is going to
be found and that's what the
intelligence agencies and the police are
going to be investigating intensively at
the moment
