now undercover Israeli police have
arrested the president of a student
council and fired gun shots all this
occurring at a West Bank University
outside the city of Ramallah 24 year old
Omar Alco swanee he was reportedly held
on Wednesday he is a prominent
Palestinian activist with alleged links
to an affiliate of Hamas and has already
been arrested several times with more on
the story
his porous layer I'm here at visit
University outside Ramallah in the West
Bank
now during daylight hours Israeli
commanders who belong to the border
police undercover unit came into this
university they tackled to the ground
the head of the Student Representative
Council who is also a member of Hamas
now the Israelis regard Hamas as a
terrorist organization and say that they
believe that Omar al Aswany was involved
in terror activity as they had him
tackled to the ground they started
firing bullets in the vicinity
the Israeli commanders entered the
university through this entrance there
was an Israeli army unit that was
positioned outside here and as you can
see this is where the guard set they
detained the guards in their room while
the commanders themselves came into the
university campus they came into the
main part of the campus which is here
and in front of the Student
Representative Council they tackled or
Mara Alka swanee to the ground what is
clear is that they entered this
university in what the campus
administration says was in violation of
international law they have called on
the academic community to condemn
Israeli actions pointing out that this
is not an isolated incident paulus Leah
RT outside Ramallah we did speak to with
dr. sad nimah he works at the university
where that incident took place and he
says that the police carried out the
raid posing as journalists there are
soldiers trained soldiers but they are
dressed like Palestinians and they
dressed like Palestinian journalists and
they came with cameras assuming that
they are going to do an interview with
students and especially with amarka
swanee the head of the student council
at the university and then they just
catch him and they hold their their
handguns and they start shooting so I
think this is absolute and outrageous
and this is a huge violation to the
rights of the Palestinians to the rights
of the students in the first place and
most definitely a violation to the
education in Palestine which is not the
first incident anyway
