gun shots have been fired as border
police conducted a raid on a West Bank
University outside the city of Ramallah
the recently elected student
representative was arrested in the
incident 24 year old Oh Marcus wali was
held on Wednesday that's according to
the University now he's a well-known
pro-palestine activist with links to an
affiliate of Hamas he's already been
arrested several times
Martis Paulus later reports from the
ground I'm here at visit University
outside Ramallah in the West Bank
now during daylight hours Israeli
commanders who belong to the border
police and a covered unit came into this
university they tackled to the ground
the head of the Student Representative
Council who is also a member of Hamas
now the Israelis regard Hamas as a
terrorist organization and say that they
believe that Omar al Aswany was involved
in terror activity as they had him
tackled to the ground they started
firing bullets in the vicinity
the Israeli commanders entered the
university through this entrance there
was an Israeli army unit that was
positioned outside here and as you can
see this is where the gods sit they
detained the gods in their room while
the commanders themselves came into the
university campus they came into the
main part of the campus which is here
and in front of the Student
Representative Council they tackled or
Mara Alka swanee to the ground what is
clear is that they entered this
university in what the campus
administration says was in violation of
international law they have called on
the academic community to condemn
Israeli actions pointing out that this
is not an isolated incident
poreless Leah RT outside Ramallah we got
reaction to the incident from dr. Saad 9
remember the right of Education
Committee at the West Bank's Bayside
University this is an outrageous
operation against the Palestinians and
especial against the Palestinian
education it's well-known fact that
university usually are immune of such
interferences and know no police or
government or even army usually enter
the university especially during the day
also the way they did it and as the
first in the first place it's a
revelation also for the rights of the
journalists you know there are soldiers
trained soldiers but they are dressed
like Palestinians and they dressed like
Palestinian journalists it's just just a
crazy kind of thing to do definitely the
students are going to attack you once
you are inside the university arresting
their council leader elected and getting
him out of the university and having all
these soldiers inside definitely there
will be a reaction that had left us with
a shock a real shock first of all they
were inside the university during the
day they were shooting at the students
after what happened
