at Google is facing a backlash at the
moment from its employees over its
partnership with the US Department of
Defense the company is cooperating with
the Pentagon under the military drone
project maven Google is developing
artificial intelligence to analyze drone
video data the tech giant has defended
though its involvement in the project
the technology Flags images for human
review and is for non offensive uses
only military use of machine learning
naturally raises valid concerns we are
actively discussing this important topic
internally and with others as we
continue to develop policies and
safeguards around the development and
the use of our machine learning
technologies well the US military does
make extensive use of drones according
to the Bureau of Investigative
Journalism since 2004 almost 5,000 drone
strikes have been confirmed and it's
thought these have killed around a
thousand civilians at the end of last
year Google's then executive chairman
expressed fears the military was
actually exploiting the technology to
kill there's a general concern in the
tech community of somehow the military
industrial conflicts using their stuff
to kill people incorrectly if you will I
don't have seen any other way well at
one time Google's motto was don't be
evil a former CIA analyst and
whistleblower - who told us that told us
why the tech giant is finding it hard to
stick to its principles you know this is
the dirty little secret of Corporate
America and that is that practically
every major corporation no matter what
sector it's in is cooperating in some
way with either the Defense Department
or the intelligence community let's say
you're the CEO of a company and the
Department of Defense comes to you and
says we want you to help us do X Y & Z
and you say no I can't because our
slogan is don't do evil they say your
country needs you and because you're a
patriot you have to help your country
and believe it or not that's a very
convincing argument and 99 companies out
of a hundred will do what's asked for
them
