a very warm welcome to the Stan
Collymore show taking a short break from
our south american odyssey now to bring
you the latest on the World Cup is less
than 100 days to the opening game and we
went to Sochi to catch up with the
team's preparation who explained the fan
ID ticketing system
we are at the Sochi Auto drama got met
an hour to kill before we go to the
free-throw event to meet some of the
managers and the coaches ahead of the
World Cup some of the eagle-eyed of you
may well remember Neil Harvey and I
going head to head team in the car three
with a ball at my feet back here nine
months ago today it's my turn with the
car
so dennis is gonna take us around the
track is gonna give me a master class a
very quick master class and it's my time
to take the wheel
Lewis Hamilton move over the visa free
access to Russia allied with free travel
on match days is the hope that that many
more families now will come on the basis
that it's going to be easier to visit
Russia during the world absolutely their
services are our incentive in the bid
phase and actually it's a very good
synergy between between the fan ID and
free transportation and these are free
because it's the same same document
basically the same tool there is a that
is used as an IDs not only a security
tool it's also an incentive to with the
document to use or you can enter the
Russian Federation with that visa you
can enjoy free ride on on a train
hey start the process if I might
directly you need to buy a ticket okay
then after this you need to make a
registration on our Pelletier
website which is fan / ID dr. kanta
doctoral then you need to enter your
password data enter your photo and then
you will receive an SMS notification
with the approving of your application
suspect line is fun fun ID folks are
obviously very important but on the back
and you'll see this wherever you are
from around the world on your passport
you have your individual part barcode
that now it takes the place of a visa
you do not need a visa to come into
Russia when I'm coming here on business
the last year doing the show on RT about
to go into Visa Center in London get a
stamp and then come to Russia this means
that you don't have to do that
so if you're an England fire and a
Belgium fan of France found anywhere in
the world you go on the final ID website
you log in you put your details and that
now take care of it keep it around your
neck here in the World Cup is your visa
and a
wolf to free travel around Russia very
congratulations
that's quite an effort on the part of
Russian Federation but I think it will
to pay off very well it's a primary job
to keep the fans happy
we are at the Congress center here in
Sochi basically the 13 workshop consists
of managers coaches chefs doctors all
here to get all of the information that
they need a head of the FIFA World Cup
what are two familiar faces let's have a
chat to one or two not be great to see
you firstly here in Sochi tell us what
you are here for this week
I'm assistant coach of the national team
Peru and we have a lot of like a
meetings talking about regulation of the
football you know all the traffic rule
technical stuff rules so not really much
to enjoy but we need to know what we
have to do especially under stuff you
know when head coach what we have to do
in the technical whenever we are in the
pitch we spoke to the great say for you
could be as I'm sure was one of your
heroes as a child growing up in Miami
and we asked him specifically about the
Peruvian team and he said he was very
excited with some of the younger players
coming through the experience of God
gave people an idea what is Peruvian
national saying that qualities are we go
a nice group of lads you know they are
very very young team with some
experienced players I think the key for
us was the player city you know it's no
is no easy for many many many coaches to
to get in the national team together
team together we was very pleased with
the team responds very well so we we
came in this work very strong because we
play a city our key in the team is we we
have to play a city if we we don't know
more
we'll run it off work up for us Brits
work forwards to planning and
preparation where I sling staying at the
World Cup and what are your March and
June preparations going to be in terms
of friendlies sustaining Gillan chips
which is done by the Black Sea really
amazed somebody thought how important
was I mean you're in a group with
Argentine Croatia and Nigeria as a coach
do you look for similar teams to play or
does it not matter as it's just about
keeping ticking over there was a lot of
boxes we were looking forward to ticket
yeah it was big events big stadiums good
atmosphere a lot of media and then teams
similar to Argentina and I hear
South American teams in my African teams
and for the last six seven years
what the Football Association and you as
a coach and Gareth Southgate the manager
looking to get out of this exercise at
this stage really it's just a case of
dr. Diaz and crossing the t's on final
logistics what day is the best day to
fly to train in the stadium or to train
at that training ground travel to the
stadium and then some information really
on the final decisions on the rules and
regulations
the referees obviously giving us an
indication of how they're going to work
and just things like var really which
looks like is likely although things
final confirmation would be Saturday
what was the thinking of England space
comes well from the north of Russia well
I think many considerations oh I spent a
couple of weeks here with Gareth in the
summer with the Confederations Cup and
we were in such E in the summer we were
in Kazan Moscow and st. Petersburg
really there isn't a huge advantage in
terms of flight distances it doesn't
make a great deal of difference wherever
you are
so what we've got is we've got a place
that we have sole occupant self which
was important the facilities are really
top in terms of we have rather huge
swimming pool to recover the players in
etc also it's in its own grounds so we
can have an element of security and
privacy but also they're allowed to have
some freedom to go outside and walk
around without being you know followed
everywhere
how excited are you that we finally
getting towards the finals tournament
well we're very excited because we just
organized our last event in the in the
run-up for the the big tournament we're
now in the in the absolute straight line
towards the the opening match is
basically nothing else but but the World
Cup and the surrounding events
repetition is gonna start our
preparation during march that
certificate of MAS from 1827 the two too
friendly to friend international match
up in Portuguese and and we stood in
this period starting from the 24th or
25th of May and June 10th
also very good friendly matches one of
them has already been fixed against
Belgium on the six it's very difficult
but all is possible with football we are
number 52 only in FIFA ranking and the
other teams are much better enduring
we are supposed to be the last one in
the room but I think we can do
how important is it the visual players
are the experience of qualification in
arguably the toughest group the South
American qualifiers with the unusual big
boys Brazil Argentina Colombia that's a
fantastic experience for them
oh great it will be great it will be for
the future for them will be very
important and this good is worked for
the future of the young Pulu a Peruvian
player you know to get ambition to get
up I think when we start to do the right
things you know with these players of
this place start to be more professional
to understand more the game and you know
when you play against superstar my
Brazilian so Argentine and uy always you
know to be competitive with them that's
making you believe me can you believe a
lot because in the days 11 11 it's in
the same page nothing to be afraid it
was amazing to what happen in our
countries after 36 years finally how
excited are you as a coach very highly
respected club coach Joseph pause went
to the Football Association excited are
you to take your country along we Gareth
to a waka finest woman and really
excited about it it's a huge
responsibility very aware of that and
determined to do everything possible so
that come the end of the tournament in
the nation of proud of the performance
of their team I've had experiences in
the Champions League and the Europa
League with Chelsea and also the only
FIFA event was a World Cup championship
in Oklahoma back in 2013 and you've got
a kind of a feel for the magnitude of it
certainly the Champions League final but
this is I think another level of game
it's been described in the last two days
fairly consistently is the greatest show
on earth and there is just a privilege
and honor to be involved and
repeat determined in ER to do everything
possible so that and I've countries a a
successful World Cup all the very best
and have a great World Cup thank you
very much thank you very much Steve
after the break we bring you back to
sunny South America and Ruben Sousa a
Uruguayan legend
we've decided to come to Montevideo in
Uruguay just across the border of course
from what as iris good the mini group to
see you
Rubin subs are played for Internacional
a lot co-enrolled fantastic goal scorer
for the Uruguayan national team any runs
a local Academy so who is your favorite
Uruguayan player
Cavani or Suarez why why put a sweaters
okay
fantastic morning with the kids we can
have a chat with Ruben at the estadio
centenario the home of the first-ever
World Cup final in 1930
this is where it all started 1930 here
in Montevideo in Uruguay the old ladies
a little bit crestfallen a little bit
shabby but this is where the first World
Cup happened
I'm delighted to be joined by Ruben
saucer a Uruguayan football legend who
played much of his career in Europe with
the likes of Lazio and Inter Milan and
like myself a half-decent center-forward
Ruben take us to see who are ill I
forgot the treinta I did you make the
makita so all of Atallah on Volpe
l-value lagoon you were played at the
same time in its what was Maradona life
no Madeline Miller Cassell cm thick but
I mean Phil Maharani first numero Chokwe
con la la Co el joven Napoli control
sedation pop America Marauder agonal mmm
oregano tambien para para me for Miranda
Fabrice tequila
today's the 2011 champions again the
voice champions vicino more common
settings so but okay for the western
momento de gallo 2014 esta Italia meta
holanda Italia Manya Harrison La
Favorita stre you wipe it icon implanted
para ganar 18 occasionally till they
come peanut or what what was your
favorite moment in Uruguay shirt Romeo
is one isn't it / - wait muchos anos
Alessio life of a la gente para mis with
muy bueno important lock another cop
Amerika
is he safe Papa baby if zoo mundo de her
a la una foto tujhe economy sale it
wasn't me so it was it was from
sentimental in football the divine order
cannabis if it amounts of the refer to
push the sake so this chakra got a nice
capital citizen of a wisely
why do you trying kids now what what do
you want the next generation in Uruguay
to do innocent Reina no central console
de poner voila Mira muchacho pappardelle
in its salon sudamericano de pétanque on
a singular ancora darling general -
focus supporting confirming a family in
singular interest of living in football
studied in the Padre of a window
intersting a passion for a cow build one
laughing supernatural in the reader a
lack of America Anna Shapiro a Laguna
factory night for you rhythmic Korea
Grammys
enter secondly know in peace equality
woman he apparently is a wonderful woman
they can develop axillary artery upon
Ito healing Percy elaborate toxic in CIO
SIBO currently except of insulin tell me
how important is this stadium to the
people of Uruguay hey silly Mattapoisett
religion the mullah no it's makeup every
young assistant viento where I I said to
us assume world in a stay of fibra
saltatory Tammy opened in the panel a
gentle impersonal she returns gonna toss
it low-key to see lake in Lhasa Italy a
grande innocent into the warm collect
for inquires own community lenient or
why but he soon became known in the name
of anyone else angle forty it really
comes across how I should know about the
game Rubin is he's been out of the game
for quite some time now like me but you
still see well he talks about the games
passionate as ever
this in short was 1950 World Cup Uruguay
were champions in 1930 the Moroccan are
at this stage was holding up to 200,000
people and little Uruguay came to the
Moroccan are in the final and one
milligram patio in a camp you know South
River and gsync Iroquois can ever win
the World Cup again so we're integrating
like Nene and Felicia cannot dominate
the Italia dr. Londe sobre lo que estés
available in Arabic for your well she'll
convince innovation forth
I need a needle no I paid that you don't
know no not that one of water so I
devote our honeymoon for medium quality
we can I see the world tell me no I mean
first hat-trick 1966 yes papi
probably more Wembley that's Wembley
stay here yes yes you're mumbling
Wow tell me about the rivalry Uruguay
Argentina and Uruguay Brazil Argentina
huge country Brazil huge country uruguay
very small how do you feel when you play
against those teams
Argentina dynamos a media hora debajo de
diario de mucho mejor neighs como tres
Brazil extra potentia proceed in a Mucha
técnica de soto de amor de cosas para la
Doo WA la garage service significa LEP
no de una pilota último minuto Carrigan
RCMP s possible to attack a Dorito no we
take in a show tomorrow
Casa Paraiso capitalism Puente cos Oh in
Pattaya mobile and a Filipino gana
Parishad Torico siento gentlemen persona
and in real America there is no one
country that will be smaller than
Uruguay at the Copa Mundial is lambda
naught 3 million three hundred thousand
incredible he's so nice a basic him not
open a same one we don't have anymore
a coherent
the issue pangarap teacher came upon a
suit oh Allah we are more immediate
supervisor tenemos el footprint named
rapido
the wagon transmit the quantum pick tow
bar so drop our geography she called
oppa he does job when I can just open up
monetary OPM in forever
push it llama Sharia get a fabulous
addition some tombow policy is a
momentum to the temple in Brisbane it's
been fantastic thank you so much for
showing us around the museum and letting
us see you train with the kids
motorists rent and which is more Gracia
quite simply it's hard to comprehend now
with global travel jet private jets that
players travel on but the writing teams
at the original World Cup never refer to
to four teams the were from Europe or
Yugoslavia France Romania and Belgium
they ought to get ships from places like
South of France and Barcelona to come
path way across the world to play and
the host nation Uruguay won by beating
their arch rivals across the water
across the river plate argentine are
still extraordinarily proud of their
football history here they've won the
olympics they've won two World Cups
but this is where the World Cup started
that's alot this week's show and indeed
South America
next week we travel to North America and
find out just what's gone wrong to the
US Men's National Team and what's done
right with the ever-expanding MLS
you
