multiple casualties have been confirmed
in Syria's eastern goota after
terrorists shelled a large group of
civilians who were trying to flee the
besieged enclaves that's according to
Russia's Defense Ministry that says that
nearly 300 families were in the convoy
both Russian and international
journalists are also believed to have
been targeted by shelling artis Moran
gas D EV looks into the story according
to the Russian military the three
hundred families had allegedly gathered
together to leave Eastern guter crossing
the front lines is always dangerous so
it's best done when there's a safe
window with the agreement of both
belligerents the Syrian government was
waiting for them the rebels started as
he knew what was going on and shelled
them they reportedly shelled the
procession of civilians a mere kilometer
before they were out of east gouta and
then to top it all off they shelled the
relatives and journalists waiting on the
Syrian side at the end of the corridor
nothing's changed
they aren't allowing civilians to leave
just like their Islam is amidst brethren
did in Aleppo yet hearing Washington
tell it they don't mention that they
think it's joke like Russia has called
for these joke like humanitarian
corridors Russia needs to just do what
the United Nations had agreed to in vote
it on and that is a countrywide
ceasefire fleeing civilians would mean
less human shields it would be a PR blow
people don't want to stay with rebels no
talk say all sorts of horrible things
about life and the jihadists they'll
challenge the narrative why let them
leave too many problems take also rebel
shelling of Damascus blind aimless
shells pepper Damascus daily for years
now so many dead and still dying still
to die yet you won't see any hysteria
about that in fact you won't hear much
at all they won't admit that rebels are
keeping people hostage because that
justifies Assad's operation as do those
that die in rebel shelling so why
mention it
it ruins the narrative it's so much
simpler when it's all black and white
and that's just hours after a
humanitarian convoy was temporarily
prevented from entering Eastern goota
due to military developments on the
ground on Monday shelling forced another
convoy to turn around and to leave the
endlave the situation in the area
remains dire
discuss the latest I'm joined now by
joshua landis who's director at the
center of Middle East Studies at the
University of Oklahoma great to speak to
you as always
Joshua I want to pick up on what we've
said about the humanitarian corridors
because that we've played this evening a
clip from an official from the State
Department who referred to them as being
a joke it seemed that the u.s. didn't
think that Russia was genuinely setting
up corridors for for civilians to escape
via but we've seen here 300 families
tried to use these corridors and were
attacked do you think Washington will
now change its approach its rhetoric as
a result of that no I don't I think the
larger situation is very dire Washington
clearly is is once a ceasefire and has
called for a deconfliction zone in this
area it doesn't want to see any fighting
it's not interested in having Assad
spread as control over more of Syria
which of course means Iranian power and
the United States is interested in
rolling back your writing as well as
recognized presumably though we're going
to see the Syrian government forces
continue to put the pressure on the
militants Moscow's calling for the the
militants and some would say the
terrorists after the the attacks that
we've seen on civilians to get out of
eastern guter do you think they will
leave are they going to fight to the
death well it seems like they're
fighting to the bitter end and I think a
number of military commanders in the
boot I've said once the hooter falls the
rebellion is really over and I think
that there is there's a sense of the
necessity of really dig in their heels
here and they do seem to believe that
the international community may come and
respond to their calls for help
although that seems very unlikely it
does it is it does seem strange that
there isn't a truce that there isn't
some kind of dialogue for you know an
end to this hostilities because it's
quite clear that the Syrian government
is going to drive
forward it's not going to accept a rebel
Enclave in the suburbs of Damascus that
will survive onto into the distant
future so this seems to be the end game
and it's killing a lot of civilians
there's no doubt about if the militants
do see that the writing's on the wall
for them and then admit that they have
no chance of victory and decide to leave
they put their hands up
what would direction be from from the
international community do you think you
know there are many supporters of the
Syrian rebels who I think will be very
disappointed there are others I think
we'll see a great sigh of relief because
the Syrian war has become so devastating
we saw this in the cities that the
United States bombed whether it was in
Mosul Raqqa Ramadi and many others where
where rebel forces and Isis in
particular really dug in and fought to
the last house was devastated and that's
happened of course in many parts of
Syria as well in the face of Syrian
government on slots in Aleppo and now
we're seeing here in the hooter and it
just doesn't seem to be an end there is
it there it is one town after the next
that's leaving a real cat of devastation
after this it's quite clear the Syrian
army is gonna turn to both get off you
know the Jordanian border and up and it
live near the Turkish border and there's
gonna be some some very fierce fighting
there as well I do by all accounts the
the terrorists who are in East camped in
eastern gute have been firing
projectiles rockets into Damascus
killing civilians in government
controlled territory there's been little
to no reporting of this in in the mass
media why is that I mean there are two
sides obviously to the conflict and to
the story why is it not being covered
well I think a lot of people would like
to see Assad lose and and and therefore
and they're really taking the side of
the rebels there's no doubt about it
whether it most of the United States
press is clearly on the side of the
rebels they believe it
is an evil person who is running an evil
regime and they'd like to see it fall
and therefore stories about the
suffering of Syrians in Damascus because
of rebel bombardment don't make much of
an impression and occasionally they get
through in the stories but they're
they're not they're not the overriding
story which is that this is a brutal
regime that refuses to make compromise
and and that's that's the story and and
it's leading to very lopsided narrative
as your your introduction said on one
side and on the other side I mean both
sides are driving forward and
unfortunately the Syrian people are
trapped in middle
Joshua thanks very much free time always
great to get your insights joshua landis
my guest director at the center Middle
East Studies at the University of
Oklahoma
