hello I'm Max Keiser host of the Kaiser
report Snoop Dogg has not yet responded
to our invitation to appear on this show
but we're still gonna try it in the
meantime let's talk about pertinent
things that affect your life in my life
Stacy Herbert what do you got are your
two Flying Nun
I'm the flying host like a fly around
the village and health people it's my
insights into their souls I can see into
your soul I'm Sally Field hmm well you
know you brought up in the last episode
Donald Trump taking on the NRA bizarrely
like this is one of the only lobbyist
groups that you cannot take on right
it's a third rail of America Balter it
is you're never allowed to mention them
maybe Eisenhower was the last person and
he did it exiting didn't take on the NRI
but certainly took on the same sort of
military-industrial sort of weapons
industrial complex but here's some chunk
just that it like in front of this
bipartisan group of lawmakers and
stunned everybody and they were like
what what what what how do we respond to
that but the reason why this is
important is because of course it's
their midterm elections coming up and
you know the the theory always is that
the incumbent party ie the Republicans
lose big time in the midterm elections
the first of the new administration and
he should be losing big time so Donald
Trump however is a wild card
and of course nobody ever knows what
sort of impact he has on things but this
one is quite remarkable as GOP tax cuts
take hold
Dems struggle for a line of attack so
this is from the Washington Post and
they go to Indiana where the basically
there's a Democrat senator there first
term and he's up for re-election against
right now there are three Republicans
competing to be the nominee for the
Republican ticket to take him on
and Donald Trump won Indiana of course
so they're looking at this race and
seeing how the tax cuts are impacting
the race they're Democrats predicted a
political backlash for Republicans in
December when the GOP pushed through a
deeply unpopular tax cut that added more
than one trillion dollars to the federal
deficit and disproportionately helped
the wealthy but at the outset of the
2018 campaign season Democrats early
optimism appear as less well-founded
here where Democrat Joe Donnelly is
facing a tough Senate re-election fight
so the new law is apparently before the
vote took place and before it became law
people were listening to the news and
thought they weren't going to see
anything and from the tax cuts that I
would all go to the wealthy but all
these non-stop headlines of thousand
dollar bonus apples gonna create new
jobs
Walmart's gonna create new jobs Walmart
gets every $1,000 like all these sort of
headlines are actually trickling down so
now support by the voter is above 50%
dollar bills y'all down the bills yeah
hey I resent or not resent but I
question no no I don't question no I'm
curious about your cynicism regarding
Trump and gun laws I mean maybe he was
moved by the sight of all these young
kids getting gunned down with these
weapons of mass destruction and decided
to do something for the country you know
that would be my take on it now as far
as the Democrats inability to understand
Trump at every turn I can sum it up in
two words financial illiteracy this is
common on the Left they want to do good
but they have no idea how the economy
works how finances work how capitalism
works and they simply want to do good
they just keep repeating that be fair do
good yeah but they never have any as
America is an economy that's like a
multi trillion dollar economy that's
competing in the world you know it's we
don't want to have the luxury of just
you know twiddling our thumbs and being
good I mean we have to be competitive or
we shrink down in the global table of
competitive countries
we would lose our ability to supply a
standard of living across the country
that people in America have grown
accustomed to so there are a lot of ways
you can modify policy and enact economic
reform that would diminish the parasites
and the economy like a Jamie Dimon yes
of course but to simply say that well
the tax breaks are going to cause X and
we were completely wrong about it and
now we're probably going to lose in the
2018 midterms because we're financially
illiterate is part and parcel with the
long term tradition of that party of
knowing nothing I'm not sure they're
going to lose in the midterms perhaps in
the Senate these um I don't know if
they're gonna lose like it doesn't look
that they're going to lose certainly the
the Democrats have a good chance in the
House of Representatives it's the Senate
that they're talking about here about
whether or not this is going to impact
them but the the point is that even now
nobody understands Trump because one
tweet one he speaks whatever is on his
mind even to take on the third rail of
US politics which is the NRA we don't
know if he planned that or if it just
uttered these words that everybody there
is owned by the NRA and they can't do
anything nobody knows but the fact is
that the Democrats rely on traditional
pollsters traditional analyst
traditional advisors traditional
consultants who only know traditional
sort of politics and so they seem
totally flabbergasted and stumped and
surprised constantly by trouble no
they've no leadership no data and but
you have to make a decision I can't just
say we're gonna run by the data and let
the data run our lives you have to make
a decision based on the data that's what
Trump does he's a leader nobody the
Democrats will stand up and do something
well he leads with his mouth and his
tweets let's say that but here the
politics in America has always been that
the Republicans always say we can't have
deficits if you don't let the government
run up these deficits they're running up
these definite deficits in order to take
care of all these welfare queens
and the reason why we don't want these
deficits is your grandchildren and your
children and all that
great-grandchildren I'm gonna have to
pay for this and you don't want to leave
all these debts to your grandchildren
that's the Republicans since Ronald
Reagan have said that sort of thing
well now that taxpayers are receiving
thousand dollar bonuses and sometimes
just 20 30 40 $50 more a week or every
two weeks and their paycheck here is
what the Democrat in Indiana Joe
Donnelly is saying to that to this
reporter at the Washington Post
that's a great thing that people are
getting some benefits the low-key
Donnelly said in an interview at a
coffee shop in downtown Indianapolis
last week but the first term senator
contended that if voters understood the
full implications of the legislation
they might be inclined to turn down
those $1,000 bonuses or retirement
account contributions from Midwestern
businesses such as anthem a health
insurance firm and Fifth Third Bank or
here's the proposition that they're not
saying but that's the truth said
Donnelly will have $1,000 out there and
you'll get that and in return and this
is the part that goes unspoken he said
we're going to send your children and
grandchildren and great-grandchildren
the bill for that they will pay it with
interest repeatedly year after year
after year much of it is going to the
Chinese and others so not only did he
use the deficits thing that the
Republicans do but then he uses a racist
slur that it's the Chinese who are gonna
get it's not even as white people I am
gobsmacked
that's a Democrat yeah that's a Democrat
who never said no to a spending program
that comes down the pike ever who
believes in Keynesian economics that
debt fixes everything
Bernie Sanders is like just could
increase the debt more debt that's now
the response to Trump putting cash into
people's pocket from a democrat is that
you've got to look down the road here
because all this debt might you know
bite you in the in the back right again
financial illiteracy if they knew what
they were the words
you know people can hear the words
coming out of their mouths you know it's
not in a vacuum we hear what they're
saying and we hear that they're
financially illiterate and morons well I
don't think it's financial illiteracy or
economic illiteracy I think it's just
complete failure to understand basic
humans voters people like they live in a
bubble where of Washington DC which is a
true genuine bubble of ideas and
ideology but also economically here a
thousand dollars or even 50 bucks in
some guy's pocket is changes their
perception of the world around them
that's just the simple it's so obvious
and simple like Bill Clinton got it I
don't understand why these people can't
get it it's just that people don't care
about deficits the Republicans have been
saying that over and over and over but
they you know the fact is the ordinary
person doesn't care about that as long
as they have money in their pocket as
the Washington Post says here it had
polled abysmally amid forecasts that
some voters would pay higher taxes and
years to come
and the Democrats believe those polls
just like they believed the polls that
Hillary somehow despite the obvious
absence of any you know passionate
support for her they believes the polls
that sellout still she would
miraculously win here they believe the
wrong polls that people would be against
these tax cuts but all you need to do is
put 50 cents in their pocket and they
feel what 50 cent you lose again to put
50 cent in your pocket are you it's not
a 50 cent in your pocket is just happy
to see me what's going on here he seemed
like everywhere this guy no I get it so
look the money in your pocket is very
convincing you know you got a thousand
bucks I remember when I wonder Reagan I
was a proofreader in a rubber stamp
Factory and Reagan changed it
withholding tax and I got an extra 50
bucks in my paycheck
and I heard here are probably per
paycheck so we get paid every two weeks
and I'm thinking wow and I remember very
distinctly my coworker this lovely black
woman who was looking at this my
coworker and she was like there's more
money honey more money for you honey
something to that effect paraphrase of
course but you know she was thrilled for
fifty bucks
people want the money there and then so
this could be a you know throw the
traditional midterm election theme a
little bit make it more unpredictable
than is usually predictable but there's
another one which is the tax cuts have
hit a lot of homeowners in places like
New York City and San Francisco well
okay they're normally not going to vote
Republican anyway but you know pending
home sales tumbled to a three-year low
as housing crisis worsens so pending
home sales fell four point seven percent
in January this usually takes a while to
trickle through but the point is that
you know the largest private land owner
in the US the landlord is Blackstone
Group so since there's been an alleged
recovery in housing prices since the
crash in 2009 but most of it has gone to
the likes of Blackstone Group and if you
look at that house prices actually saw a
great chart from I think it was the
Financial Times that price and S&P 500
actually house prices have been
declining so it hasn't been performing
as well as underperforming the stock
market oh my god Blackstone what
arbitrage opportunity you have rot
amongst yourselves
I suggest you short yourselves to borrow
money until you eviscerate your own
corporate balance sheet and then blew
your brains out on live TV to give us
all a big kind of fun experience for the
financial predatory class well don't go
away much more coming your way after the
break so stay right there
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to go to Wolff
Richter of Wolfe Street calm out there
in the bubbliest of all bubble market
San Francisco wolf welcome back to the
cosmic port thanks max for having me
back all right well if you right that
markets are still in denial about the
increasingly hawkish fed what do you
mean by hawkish fed and how our markets
in denial about this so-called hawkish
ness wolf well first we have to explain
that hawkish today doesn't mean what
hawkish meant in the early 1980s when
Volcker raised interest rates by a
hundred basis points in one meeting and
yeah in the next meeting reg from
another 100 basis points on one
percentage point each
that was hawkish by any definition or we
have hawkish today is a effect that
raises perhaps four times in an entire
year
so one percentage point in an entire
year and Volcker would have done that in
one meeting so the the definitions have
changed a little bit but the markets are
until very recently we're penciling in
just two rate hikes this year and even
though the Fed has been saying they're
gonna be three most likely there have
been several Fed governors who've
recently opened the door to for rate
hikes Jerome Powell and his testimony
before Congress added to that course he
opened the door to a fourth rate hike
this year the markets are still not
ready for that for rate hikes mean means
that mortgage rates are gonna be about
five percent by the end of the year
maybe closer to six percent and it means
that the 10-year yield for the US
Treasury market will be you know in the
in in around four four percent range and
it shuffles the cost of borrowing for
companies and for for households so this
has a dramatic impact now this doesn't
sound like a lot to people that I you
know think
volker raised interest rates to above
19% well this is not going to happen
this time around but they are rising and
you know markets have especially the
corporate bond markets have completely
blown it off there that just have not
reacted to to the rate hike environment
yet but they're going to and there you
can see the first the first indications
that they are getting the message and
which if we're talking about yield on
the investment side but for corporations
it makes a borrowing more expensive and
it makes credit harder to come by for
companies that are chunk rated so it
tightens up the financial conditions and
it'll take a lot of this credit
enthusiasm out of the market right well
to put this into historical perspective
as you mentioned back in 1980 Paul
Volcker was a hawk and he raised
interest rates up at one point at a time
and we got up to the mid-teens on the
interest rates and but as you point out
if in fact we start off at a 25% Fed
Funds rate and that rate goes to 1% or
2% that's a four to eight hundred
percent rise which actually on a
percentage basis would be greater than
the Rises under Paul Volcker and this
would cover a much bigger pool of debt
so the question therefore is the if in
fact inflation genie is out of the
bottle and the is M manufacturing gauge
just hit a 13-year high of 60 point 8
percent in February it indicates that
inflation is roaring back the Fed has
always told us that they can take those
toxic assets off their balance sheets
and return them to the marketplace
without causing all kinds of market
mayhem is that possible wolf I think
it's important to realize what the Fed
is trying to do and the Fed is trying to
tighten up financial conditions which
means raising yields which means by
definition following bond prices so
the Fed has also talked about the
elevated valuations in the stock market
certain Fed governors have talked about
price bubbles in commercial real estate
which is back before trillion dollars in
debt that sitting on the banks hold and
that more commercial mortgage-backed
securities are are backed by and so you
have various Fed governors look at
various pricing valuations out there and
they're discovering and I started and I
started a year and a half ago and
they're discovering that after years of
key and zero interest rate policy that
asset prices have gone out of whack and
so they're purposefully trying to lower
them that's what that's what it means to
tighten financial conditions here make
make it harder to borrow money bring
valuations down a little bit and so
they're you know they're targeting asset
prices with us and that's just by
definition so their question is that you
asked whether they can do that whether
they can lower asset prices without
causing a lot of mayhem in the markets
and I don't know you know it I think
their plan is to do it very gradually
without mayhem so spread it out over the
years that's why the interest rate hikes
have been so slow this in the cycle
extraordinarily slow and you know
biggest I know that asset prices are way
out of whack and they know that there's
this huge amount of debt out there at
all levels governments municipal
governments corporations consumers and
it's very difficult for for for these
entities to to digest higher interest
rates when everything has been packed on
near zero interest rates so I think
they're trying to create a soft landing
for markets and our history in trying to
create soft landings is very spotty so
I'm not sure that they're going to
accomplish a soft landing or that it's
going to be some other landing right you
know the history of the bond market
going back to again to 1980 was the
beginning of this 26:27 year
bull market in bonds interest rates have
been unbalanced going down for 26 years
two generations of Americans and people
around the world have never known an
environment of falling bond prices in a
big way and rising interest rates in a
meaningful way
and the central banks including the Fed
are trying to engineer something that is
in my view an impossibility because they
are going to signal to this massively
over leveraged global bond market in
stock market and asset markets that are
controlled by trigger-happy hedge funds
with hundreds of trillions of dollars
that buying power at their disposal that
they are going to ask them not to panic
sell their bond portfolios in a rising
interest rate environment that's absurd
of course there will be a panic sell of
bonds of course there'll be a bond crash
in the very near future if the market
thinks that rates are going up to the
levels you're talking about I think the
question we have to ask ourselves is
when will the Fed choke every single
time the markets come down in a big way
the Fed has backed off and they've
become accommodative they've given Wall
Street what they want more free money
remember this is a global Ponzi scheme
that we live in engineered by crooks at
the central bank's wolf how much of a
bond crash will we need before they
capitulate and say basta we we
understand we have no control of the
situation and Wall Street is our master
it would it be a 20 percent fall 25
percent fall in the bonds before they
roll over and play dead once again wolf
I think we can look at energy bust as a
model so oil topped in 2014 the price of
oil and and then came down by 2015 and
2016 energy companies smaller ones were
going bankrupt and there the loans and
bonds were defaulting and credit froze
up and in the lower rated spectrum of
those energy junk bonds yields 5 to over
20% and companies that needed to roll
over
that meaning their bonds can't do the
matured and they have to pay them off
and that couldn't raise any more money
to do that you know so they went
bankrupt and so credit froze up on that
level and this is when the Fed came out
and said we're going to stop yeah you
remember the December before so in
December 2015 the hiked the rates the
first time and so when this whole thing
with credit froze up in January 2016 for
these energy companies and it started to
spread a little bit to other sectors the
Fed came out and and said essentially
we're going to stop these hikes and I
started flip-flopping big-time again and
and that was in essence a reaction to
the bond market not to the stock market
you know they're really worried about
credit freezing up in a credit dependent
economy and so when that happens that
would that will back off to some extent
now they didn't lower rates back then
you know they didn't change that in
story start key all they did is stop
raising rates and so this could be the
model if if junk bond yields blowout and
credit freezes up across these these
truck rating companies and they're
having trouble raising money you know
you've got Triple C rated yields in the
above 20% it may very well be that the
Fed will say okay we're going to hang on
for a while financial conditions have
tightened enough that's what they want
to do is tighten financial conditions
but not too much yeah and that's what
that means right well if I mean okay the
credit freeze in energy market they
backed off you know there was a credit
freeze in 2007-2008 the cause the global
financial crisis and they backed off and
they bailed out the creditors and not
the debtors they're in the pockets of
the banks and although they stopped
easing money as you point out their
friends in other countries like the ECB
and Bank of Japan open the spigots of
money in a huge way the net global
growth of money supplies been increasing
year over year over year and
the debt-to-gdp of the world is at
skyrocketing levels of 300-400 percent
global debt to global GDP this is an
enormous Ponzi scheme there's no escape
from this enormous Ponzi scheme the best
they can do is try to scare the market
into not crashing a little bit but look
how does that's impossible nobody
nobody's going to be able to talk cancer
away there's a cancer in the market you
can't just ask it to walk away and not
attack the cancer is over leveraged
speculative jihadi financial terrorist
with too much money to speculate in
these bond markets and the Fed has
nothing to do about it they're going to
a knife fight they're going to a gun
fight with a knife roll wolf how are
they gonna do you honestly believe that
they're gonna be able to manage this
exit from quantitative easing without a
catastrophic bomb collapse and we have
about 30 seconds and then hopefully you
can stay for another segment well I
certainly hope so
because when there's a catastrophic bond
crash that will just restart the whole
mess all over again and it will make the
situation worse so my wishful thinking
is that yes there will be able to
engineer some kind of acceptable landing
and spread it out long enough to work
you know companies that have good credit
can survive it and that the zombie
companies are allowed to to die off yeah
well that hasn't been the history so far
there's no zombies company that has been
left behind every single insolvent Bank
whether it's JP Morgan HSBC BNP in
France or Deutsche Bank in Germany has
been allowed to operate as an insolvent
institution purely on the largesse of
the public's free money anyway we got to
go thanks for being on the COS report
here all right that's gonna do it for
this edition of the constant report with
me Max Keiser and Stacey herd would like
to thank our guest wolf Richter of Wolfe
Street dot-com if you want to reach us
on Twitter it's guys report until next
time bye y'all
