France has laid out a new plan to
reintegrate jihadist children returning
from Syria and Iraq despite concerns
still hanging over the danger they could
pose the society the focus has now
shifted from one of isolating them from
other children for now to a more
integrated approach
Charlotte Dubinski breaks down the issue
for us from Paris they're just children
born in a seat into a world of brutality
but while most children are playing with
dolls and cars these are being taught to
play with guns and knives and some have
even been trained to kill would be
actually training in guns knives and how
to kill people and not only that would
have seen people being killed and of
course that makes it some form of
normality for them which is really scary
because that means when they do grow up
that will be their normality and more
likely to make them go and do something
very similar there are a real threat to
society it's impossible to know just how
many children have been brainwashed by
ISIL but they have already started to
return home to Germany Belgium the
Netherlands meanwhile in France the
authorities are putting together a plan
to reintegrate the returning children of
jihadis the Prime Minister has said that
68 have already come back many more are
expected to follow programs to help
these children readjust have been
announced by governments across Europe
but is it too late to reverse the damage
already done videos like this have
emerged showing children carrying out
mock executions the little children are
not only victims but they're on the cusp
of being forced into being perpetrators
but in the video that we just saw
you see the sadism of the adults being
played out through the children so that
they are destroying the mental capacity
for the child to differentiate between
reality and fantasy it normalizes murder
the road ahead for these children she
says is difficult and while there's no
guarantee the therapy they receive will
be successful she is hopeful if the
child had a fairly good emotional
experience early the child will tend to
be more resilient in coming through very
severe traumas that's one thing the
other thing will be very much dependent
on how well-trained the therapists are
governments in Europe hope that by
offering care and support to the
children who return they can help them
cast off the horrors they have endured
or even carried out and yet the risks
are still high that it might be too late
to right the wrongs of children
brainwashed and raised as ISIL fighters
Charlotte Dubinski RT Paris
