two people are in critical condition
after being exposed to an unknown
substance in the UK one of them is
believed to be a former Russian
intelligence officer who was convicted
of spying for Britain more than a decade
ago
nice Ally is in London with the latest
well so far what we know is what the
police have told us essentially from
official sources which is that a man and
the lady were taken ill at a shopping
centre in in Wiltshire which is about
100 miles or so away from the capital
London and they were found sitting on a
bench kind of slumped over and it's
thought that they had been exposed to
some type of unknown substance now the
gentleman hasn't been named but
according to the BBC and sky they say
that their sources report that the
gentleman is sergey skripnikov a Russian
military who was convicted for handing
over information about Russian spies to
mi6 the British Foreign Intelligence
Agency and for that he received a 13
year prison sentence and but he was
released in 2010 as part of a prisoner
swap and that was under the former
russian President Dmitry Medvedev when
he was president and so he's been living
in the United Kingdom since then and
it's thought that he's the man who has
been found ill on this on this bench now
it's also important to add that the
police also haven't named or said what
this substance could potentially be but
that hasn't stopped of course the media
from drawing potential parallels with
the case of the former Russian spy
Alexander Litvinenko who was poisoned in
2006 you recall back to 2006 that was
when a man named Andre sorry Alexander
Litvinenko was poisoned and died a slow
horrible death immediately people's
minds go back to Alexander Litvinenko
and polonium-210 and everything so while
the media here are perhaps jumping to
conclusions the police are being very
very careful and saying that information
at this point anyway is still very scant
now sources in the UK emergency services
have been quoted as saying the former
spy may have suffered a prescription
drug overdose symptoms apparently point
to the use of a powerful painkiller
called fentanyl it is a hundred times
stronger than heroin and has a similar
influence on the body overdoses caused
at least 60 deaths in the UK in 2017
former mi5 officer Annie Machon
gave us her views on the case this might
just be some sort of drug instant there
have been numerous stories over the last
couple of years in the UK or the spread
of synthetic cannabinoid called spice
which seems to create the same sort of
symptoms that were reported in this case
people who dislocated because they've
been involved in a spice walk for
example their lives are forever changed
there's a long history of people in that
situation self-medicating with
substances this happened they were taken
to hospital they were identified their
names were fed into the system and as
soon as their their names were fed into
the system there's some alert around the
fact that this guy had indeed been
involved in the spy swap in 2010 so
suddenly became much more much more
newsworthy and I think this is where
this story is built from
