debates over Bitcoin on virtual
currencies is perhaps newer fiercer than
in California's Silicon Valley where
McGill Francis Santiago has been topping
the mood for all things crypto with tech
guru Guy Kawasaki uncut the future of
flying taxis be controlled by blockchain
technology let's find out
welcome to RT script Oh Liam coming
action from the Silicon Valley d-10 he's
a leading decentralisation conference in
the world we speak to the valley for
fathers of venture capitalism and of
course the new kids on the block crypto
anarchists Guy Kawasaki is Silicon
Valley guru he was the Apple employee
originally responsible for marketing the
Macintosh computer line in 1984 along
with Steve Jobs so what does Silicon
Valley think of blockchain and you kid
on the block
let's get guys take on crypto do you
believe in it do you think it's
something tangible like to me in an
old-fashioned sense you create value and
you get rewarded right so you make a
good computer you get rewarded you make
a good phone you get rewarded so I take
all my money out of Silicon Valley Bank
I put it in a cryptocurrency into a
project that has a token essentially on
a project works like a stock you know
some projects uses blockchain technology
to make
the world more transparent or less
centralized like tell me somebody's
making a new phone or in the car and
it's all cryptic er like I don't work
translate that to me I want to invest in
Tesla
however sceptical Guy Kawasaki say from
Krypton maybe the innovation is already
here looks like flying cars are not the
future if they are available right now
Amata global has created the first-ever
passengers flying taxi
it's powered by blockchain which allows
for artificial intelligence to control
air space and the inventors say this
will improve air traffic control in ways
that the world has not yet experienced
we're hoping were focused on the Persian
Gulf Southeast Asia Africa as the first
series for deployment
once blockchain airspace as part of the
mana launch is deployed bak chain will
control power client access and other
flying taxes and see this will be in
charge and they will be able to make
money from piloting drones all over the
cities so the look at the sky today you
will tell your children that this is how
it moves when you were little when they
were little because this is not how it's
going to look at it either in five years
and be mana with Bahrain technology
ruling the skies may be the first but as
far as flying cars they're not the last
uber also wants to take taxis to the air
and has signed a deal with NASA for a
similar project so perhaps you can
expect a change of mind
and many people have not so sure about
crypto once they skip traffic home in a
flying car
out of Silicon Valley Miguel Francis
Santiago Artie
