since Brett Kavanaugh is controversial
Supreme Court nomination we've seen a
number of political confrontations in
the US by concerned citizens who have
been looking to give their elected
representatives an earful
that was the senator Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell after his call for the
Senate to vote on Kavanagh ASAP he was a
likely target for enraged activists take
another Republican Senator Jeff Flake
who was ambushed in an elevator
pretty awkward elevator moment
there's also Republican Senator David
Perdue who ran for the restroom after he
was confronted two women who have been
assaulted how can you ignore our pleas
the thing is though these are not random
incidents they were all organized by the
very same NGO the so-called Center for
popular democracy and its sister
organization and harassing politicians
isn't the only thing in their arsenal
they've also organized a number of mass
protests
that protest alone resulted in over a
hundred arrests but liberal
organizations aren't only taking direct
action against their political opponents
the man Justice engages in similar
activism making dramatic political
advertisements he nominated this man to
the US Supreme Court accusing Kavanaugh
of sexual assault when she tried to
scream
she said he put his hand over her mouth
we can't let Brett Kavanaugh decide on
our rights for a generation enough is
enough
wondering how they pay for all that well
these organizations all have one thing
in common they're funded by the
controversial billionaire George Soros
styling himself as a so-called
philanthropist Soros has given millions
to liberal causes around the globe and
Democrats at home in the US it would
make very good president his
organization has already given over two
million dollars to these ladies alone
and hundreds of thousands more to the
fund that helped make anti Cavanagh
commercials Donald quarter RT
you
