hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
Putin tells the u.s. to come back to
earth challenging Washington's unipolar
ambitions also calls to end the illegal
war against Yemen and why arming the cab
regime is a recipe for disaster
as well as the return to trade wars
crosstalking some real news i'm joined
by my guest mark sloboda he's an
international affairs and security
analyst and we have Dimitri Bobbitt she
is a political analyst with Sputnik
International all right gentlemen
crosstalk rules in fact that means you
can jump in any time you want and I
always appreciate it first of all we
have to go to Putin's speech on Russia
returning to nuclear parity with the
United States and we have to comment
about the erosion of arms control
regimes that are very important here
mark and looking at the major cable
stations in the broadsheets they don't
give much of a background why the speech
was given and its significance go okay
well there's two speeches the first part
of the speech was a domestic State of
the Union speech saying this is what
I've accomplished in my years in office
so far this is what we haven't
accomplished this is where we want to go
this is our obstacles and this is how we
think we can get there and it was a very
good the majority of the speech it was a
two-hour speech the majority of it was
devoted to domestic matters lots of
facts and figures he's clearly on top of
his game knows his economy inside out no
he's where he wants to take it focus on
increasing GDP per capita and and also
science technology education spending
the other part of the speech was a reply
to the US it was a reply to two things
one the US unilaterally pulling out of
the anti-ballistic missile treaty that
was the bedrock of the nuclear parity
global strategy of mad mutually assured
destruction and the other one was that
that pullout was under the George W Bush
administration back in 2001 Russia
yelled about it at the time and said the
measures they would take and they've now
announced them the other thing was a
direct response to Trump's new Nuclear
Posture review which came out a few
weeks ago we've talked about it on the
show it has almost been ignored in the
Western press a very very slight amount
of news certainly nothing on the talk
shows
and and Russia's extremely alarmed by it
and they made clear how alarmed they are
by it and they made clear reiterating
their strategy and and I would say
replying in kind to the u.s. to the
completely differently that Russia is
aggressive on the international stage
here but mark is absolutely right if we
look at the larger picture here we had
parody was out of sync that was the
entire purpose of these nuclear
armaments agreements to keep a sense of
balance to make sure there was massive
destruction where you wouldn't attack
another country on a first strike now
what the Russians have done with this
speech and with the introduction of
these weapons is to bring that balance
back into into place absolutely and I
agree with mark that Putin speech was a
response to that Nuclear Posture report
in the United States and I would like to
point your attention to the fact that
originally he was supposed to speak in
December he postponed the speech until
now why because it was a response a
digestible Nuclear Posture right and
maybe I will disagree a little bit when
nuclear parity Russia is not seeking to
have the same amount of nuclear weapons
for conventional weapons parity in the
sense where they're weak and you
discourage the possibility of any kind
of nuclear the aim is not even to be
able to initiate the enemy completely
that the aim is to have enough
capability to to inflict an unbearable
damage dissuading damage that's why
Putin said that you know showing all of
these new weapons Sarmad and their
underwater drone he says that we're not
going to produce a lot of them the aim
is to have weapons that can overcome the
American ABM diseases that can inflict
the damage it markets deterrence it's
all about deterrence and that's what all
of these weapon systems are all about I
mean again it will it's fun in a very
naive simplistic way but this these are
all defensive measures of course the I
mean defensive measures to get past the
u.s. anti-ballistic missile shield which
Russia's worried
because of first-strike capability which
US geopolitical thinkers have been
celebrating at the thought and openly
voicing that they now thought that they
were getting near to a first-strike
capability and he's not just replying to
the pooling out of the treaty
he's replying to the deployment of
anti-ballistic missile shield sections
in Poland in Romania Alaska California
South Korea see highlighted some
thirty-one destroyers a number of cruise
ships that that form part of the aegis
is a good is a good at work oh is
Russia's reply oh yes of course
the reason why and and this is a key to
the new arms race and and for those who
haven't been paying attention Russia
didn't start the new arms race the new
arms race has already been going on for
two decades because of the u.s. pulling
out of it all the major powers Russia
China in the the EU the US have all been
developing hypersonic weapons underwater
drones all of these things but it is
much much cheaper easier to build and
deploy missiles that can evade missile
defense then then to create new missile
defense that can counter those well just
a lot of warheads does not resolve the
problem we need a smart warheads and and
I think paradoxically it was a
conservative speech Putin wants the
world to return to the safety to the
period of safety as he said when US has
to come back to earth absolutely and he
mentioned it in an interview that the
United States actually destroyed the
arms control system when they went out
of their anti-ballistic missile treaty
signed in 1972 the whole idea of the
treaty was it's a very American idea you
know two Cowboys are facing each other
with pistols none of them has a
bulletproof vest so they won't start
shooting because each of them understand
is going to be dead for the the
importance of ABM the anti-ballistic
missile treaty mark is that it was the
foundation for all the other real
agreement
okay the one that will have one eye is
the New START degree but this is one of
the things that was meant putas didn't
mention in his speech he did reach out
made it very clear to sit down pretty I
mean obviously with the United States
here to negotiate a new generation of
agreements that's that's very important
something that wasn't mentioned as
important the anti-ballistic missile
treaty was the foundation upon which
these other agreements were built now
one of the reasons for Putin's
announcement and and this is a direct
successor to Putin's 2007 Munich speech
a speech that in order to understand
modern geopolitics I think everyone
needs to read he warned of the
consequences then he's now warning what
we've done and where we're at now and
both of these two major treaties arms
control treaties the intermediate-range
nuclear forces and the New START treaty
are due to expire in just the next few
years right you're a 1 in 19 2001 so
he's actually making a plea here yes it
down at the table he said directly you
did not hear us then well listen to us
now before it's too far it's too late
all right let's change gears here
gentlemen I made a promise to our
viewers here that we would keep an eye
on in Yemen a grossly unreported story
in Western media demon we have a move in
the US Senate to call the White House to
stop its involvement in the war against
Yemen that's led by Saudi Arabia this is
something that we talked about last week
about the authorization of military
force is it going to go anywhere
I'm afraid the courage is going to
continue and and it's just unthinkable
you know all the Western media is
talking about
East gouta very soon ok maybe a few
dozens of thousands of people in Yemen
you have 27 million people and 16
million out of them have no access to
potable water and insufficient food
supplies and and they've been warned by
the most
a very systematic a blockade here the
blockade continued since November 2017
has not been which the US has
participated absolutely where does this
come from is this a red herring here
that suddenly Congress is waking up to
its responsibilities about the
authorization of the use of force
essentially they have the right to
declare war where does this come from no
no I'm afraid this is a partisan shot
across the bow
first of all Obama started this war as
clouded yeah well no I he participated
in Saudi Arabia never would have
launched the war without us permission
and help right and constant arms supply
and refueling in the air and c4isr
intelligence Special Forces on the
ground drones everything us has been
knee-deep in this there they're not just
supporting they're an active military
participant that was started by Obama no
one objected then no one objected to
Obama's proxy war in Syria no one
objected to his destruction of Libya
right now Trump comes along continues at
this point he's only continued what
Obama has done and suddenly Bernie
Sanders finds the courage with what
another Republican Mike Lee you know to
stand forward and say we just remembered
that we have a Kongregate congressional
powers to declare war over the executive
branch it's a shame you couldn't
remember that just they have some kind
of conscience but they won't have any
impact on policy you know why they
suddenly discovered this conscience
because the Guardian suddenly reported
that the Saudis are targeting portable
water supplies they are targeting
schools and sometimes even diplomatic
I've been reporting in offices you know
so we have the County reported before
the Guardian but before the Guardian
reported it there were no please like
there always
musikdesign for russia i compliment RT
for keeping an eye on their 20 seconds
mark you know finish up on Yemen yeah
I'm afraid that this resolution isn't
going to change anything the war there
is a quagmire Saudis knee-deep in it
Yemen it was already the poorest country
in the world but Saudi Arabia one of the
world's now highest military spenders
armed by the US and all the other
Western powers can't defeat well it's a
you've seen the Crown Prince as I do to
be in the United States on the 18th I
wonder how much how much Western media
will cover the Yemen war when the crown
prince is in Washington we're gonna go
to a short break gentlemen after that
short break we'll continue our
discussion on some real news stay with
RT welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered on Peter amel to
remind you were discussing some real
news
okay demon let me go to you as I
promised our viewers not only would we
keep an eye on Yemen we're going to keep
an eye on Ukraine because Ukraine is
going to be very much in the spotlight
this year we have anti-tank missiles
being sold to the Ukrainians by the
Americans obviously this is an ascending
kind a message a number of messages US
support of the regime in Kiev
because what a Shenko is and shaky
ground right now the issues in the dom
bass obviously have not been resolved
we know that the legislation has been
passed by the Ukrainian Parliament that
is essentially made null and void the
entire Minsk process which is not
mentioned at all in language in Ukraine
in the West protested against we also
see that the brush is going to be
steadfast in its position well it will
not allow the people of the Donbass to
be overrun by military forces though
Ukrainian military is gearing up there
were several outrageous events that
happened this week around Ukraine you're
right
the American javelin anti-tank missiles
have been supplied to Ukraine when when
poroshenko's police razed to the ground
the protest camping near near the
Ukrainian Parliament 100 people were
arrested more than in November 2013 when
Yanukovych disbanded basically swept out
the first model
but at the time Yanukovych got threats
of sanctions now Pershing who is getting
anti-tank missiles well you have to be
almost a specialist in Eastern European
affairs in Ukraine even to know what you
just said DeMuth is it gets no coverage
once the were absolutely but there are
also a few are the facts that I just
wanted to mention the American negotiate
on Ukraine kurt volker suggested to
disband Daniels People's Republic and
Lugansk People's Republic he forgot to
mention that these entities would have
never sprung up if it hadn't been for
the us-supported regime change in
Ukraine in 2014 so it's the same story
as in in for example Syria why is there
Isis because you supported the civil war
against us asked why is there ice
in Iraq because you invaded in 2003 if
it hadn't been for the u.s. invasion in
2003 the al Qaeda and Isis would have
stayed in Afghanistan and in Afghanistan
they were because you supported their
benchmark you know and I don't want to
talk about it length is we'll do it
later but the Iraqi a parliament passed
a resolution that they want all foreign
troops out of their country again hardly
any mention in the media whatsoever but
stay with Ukraine here what's going on
mark what's oh it's the gambit all right
so these weapons were talking 37
launched unit javelin launch units 210
are not going to change the balance of
power in Donbass as Obama one thing he
rightly noted was that if we give
weapons to the the regime in Ukraine
that we back well then Russia will just
give an equivalent to achieve a new
parity to the people in thon bus so so
what's this always a position that's
behind sent by the truck this is first
of all it's a shot domestically against
critics that that Trump isn't hard
enough on Russia so he's trying to shore
up his domestic base all the time with
this at the second time the neo-cons
know that this is a political signal to
the Kiev regime now the West has been
arming the Kiev regime all along it's in
since since the Maidan pooch first
happened in 2014 but it's usually been
with Eastern European weapons left over
from Ross up at the Warsaw Pact stuff
that the Ukrainians actually know how to
use right have supply change logistics
and and can fix them and so on these
weapons aren't gonna change any type of
military balance but their political
signal to poroshenko that the US has got
his back
for possible military renewal of
military action against on boss and for
ripping up the the Minsk agreement which
has quietly gone away and it's pretty
much been acknowledged that it would
lead to the collapse of the butcher
regime the two enacted and fulfill the
you know the political measures of
actually sitting down with the leaders
if you take something serious you take
Syria and you
take Ukraine the last thing the Western
its allies want is peace go ahead well
the problem is that the West has been
involved in in poroshenko and now
poroshenko is getting dangerous for them
he now has a bad gas conflict with
Russia the so-called Stockholm Court
ruling which forces Gazprom to pay 2.56
billion dollars to Ukraine and
absolutely outrageous
you know ruling because Russia has been
supplying this gas you know Ukraine has
been using it so now a person who says
that if he doesn't get the money he's
going to arrest North stream and stop
all supplies no actually you're gonna
make the Germans happy Germans have no
one but themselves to blame for that
because Germany and France whatever
their leaders say have been supporting
this regime all along
they helped Maidan regime to be
installed more than the you see all this
talking with Maidan regime and then
there's fascists in Ukraine it's just
Russian propaganda except that you might
notice that the Guardian finally noticed
this week that the Ukrainian members of
the of the banderite fascist Azoff
battalion now officiated with with the
police as an alternate law-enforcement
body in the streets of Kiev they are now
in London we might ask what are they
doing in London well they're recruiting
neo-nazis in the streets of the UK chief
where's Antipa when you need so much to
cover here gentlemen Donald Trump says
that trade wars are good and you can win
them trade wars are have a long history
of ending up in a shooting war and this
is something that's very very serious
I have to compliment mark the day before
Trump was elected and after Trump you
said that this president's as president
and presidency would destroy
relationships and Trump has already
started the trade wars right
he's already put high tariffs on solar
panels and washing machines from China
he's making these moves now he's putting
a 25% tariffs on steel 10% on on
aluminum and this is ironically not
aimed primarily at China China's the
biggest supplier of steel in the world
it has excess capacity huge huge
capacity it makes as much steel
basically as the rest of the world put
together right and it exports most of it
the US is the biggest consumer of steel
in the world which it makes a lot of
steel but it consumes far more than it
builds itself but the US only gets 2
percent of its steel from China Obama
already put quotas and restrictions on
it can get a China this is a shot not at
China this is a shot at Canada Germany
Zil South Korea Germany these are the
big countries that that supply steel and
aluminum to the United States and
there's so many unintended consequences
with this because if he cut steel in a
vain effort to try to increase the steel
industry in the US it's gonna raise
consumer prices in the US because now
they have to import or buy more
expensive right auto factory wicker so
you tax return the middle class is gonna
have to use that tax return to pay for
steel who's far more jobs from
manufacturing jobs in the US than you
would gain from steel plant the thing is
is that there's going to be a lot of
retaliation okay and once you start this
there's there's no way to know how it's
going to end here what I especially
liked was the reaction of the mainstream
press to that you know their usual
mantra is that this is all Trump's
initiative this is his madness you know
the New York Times wrote that Trump
didn't listen to his Treasury secretary
Stephen moochin and just picked up every
fight he could well I mean how how
different is Trump from the previous
administration which driven by
ideological reasons picked up a trade
fight with Russia I mean can anyone
explain to me what is the purpose of all
of these sanctions that the United
States they you in Russia
imposed on each other none of them have
changed the situation don't it's it's
just I'm beating their chests you one
thing I think we have to tell our
viewers here is that I think a lot of
this is the it's really the fruition of
an entire policy trade policy the United
States has had since the end of the
Second World War it made sweetheart
trade deals with a lot of countries
because of their geopolitical strategic
value we can mention all of Western
Europe and the in the aftermath of the
war Japan South Korea now these
countries are major competitors of the
United States here I mean this is this
was an intentional policy to keep them
on board in the Western camp under the
hegemonic rule of the United States now
it's coming back of this are all the way
back in Bretton Woods right foundation
of the European Union and steel rank all
right it's the logical consequences of
the construction of a neoliberal
economic order to consolidate a world
behind us opinion except now it's
leading to the destruction of a
manufacturing production economy in the
US and the the siphoning of wealth out
of the West American allies are the the
engineers of economic growth while the
United States science it's relatively
impoverished infrastructure this is the
logical conclusion of this policy
European allies like I said are actually
small game right when it comes to the
steel industry right and I think Trump
has got his eyes set on a trade war with
China next we'll be labeling China a
currency manipulator but by picking this
fight with the EU they're actually
fighting over the scraps they're
fighting over the scraps of the steel
market pause the thought they're
thinking about their own defense their
security I think that's actually a good
idea because they should they don't need
to be subsidized by the American
taxpayer anymore we need do don't need
to point out however though that the
Europeans have already put in a lot of
measures that subsidize and protect
their own domestic steel industries so
I'm not sure who really started this
chicken before the egg well a lot of
people ask me especially in the 90s why
do we need multipolar world why can't it
be just unipolar with the united states
well
that's why you know do you think they
would have allowed Japan and South Korea
to develop their own car industries in
the 60s and 70s if there had been no
alternative poor you know in the USSR no
way you know because they would say this
is our copyright you're copying our car
models the same thing with Europe Europe
was allowed to become rich in their in
the 40s in the fifties
because the United because they were
very very poor we have to remember at
the end of the Second World War the
United States was 50% of global GDP now
it's less than 20 this point gentlemen
where this cent segment ends many thanks
to my guests here in Moscow this is the
end of our broadcast segment stay with
us for the extended version on our
youtube channel see you next time and
remember Rostock rules now for the
extended version of our program we have
political potpourri one of the things I
think is very interesting we didn't get
to talk in the and the broadcast segment
is the leader of China mr. Sheehy it's
he's been allowed to essentially stay in
power forever and that really was a very
for you obviously you know what the
reaction when he's polling a Putin okay
that was the first thing here no why why
should anyone care other than the
Chinese people about how they elect
their leaders or how their leaders are
in power why is it why should it be
important to anyone else except for the
people of China well first of all it
shouldn't be important to anyone else
and I think first of all we have to
stress that that's not what happened he
has not been given dictator for life or
anything like this there are actually
three positions that consolidate power
in China that have since since Deng
Xiaoping been held by one person
generally at a time
they are the president which is a
symbolic position that allows him to
talk to on an equal level with other
world leaders there's the general
secretary of the Central Committee of
the Communist Power which was the most
domestic power and there's the
chairmanship
of the parties no military commission
these are the three and and and he's
jumping she's jumping holds all three of
these positions right now the first two
of them already had a terrible time
right by he's just all that's being done
by lifting this symbolic two consecutive
terms on the presidency is equating him
with the other three he's not a dictator
for life what the real problem that the
West has this is why they're so upset
about it and they shouldn't beacon you
know the American people should not be
worried about who the leader of China is
but they don't like Xi Jinping because
of his geopolitical stance he's a little
too hard for them he's a little too
close to Putin he's he's a little too in
bed on restricting u.s. activity around
the world that's why the outrage no I'll
tell you with you that's part of it
beautiful what the Americans allowed
them into the WTO the World Trade
Organization and you know they were
supposed to go down the path of you know
democratization westernization and
they'll become just like us which was an
erroneous assumption from the very
beginning
sounds like the Beatles we gave her
everything well in reality they didn't
give China anything China aren't
everything itself let's face it and
Mister she had a good point
about considering South China Sea what
it is South China Sea and not that the
base for American fifth fleet or
whatever right but please note there's a
very simplistic reaction from the CNN oh
we overheard Trump saying he is now
president for life and he's great maybe
we'll give it a shot someday Trump is
going to be the other general secretary
of the American Communist Party really
you know what's wrong with liberal
corporate media they don't have a sense
you can't even joke humor they have no
sense of their own hypocrisy just over a
year ago the entire Western press was
the
luring Angela Merkel the leader the new
leader of the free world of course
that's gotten nowhere and Germany's
mired in a grand coalition building
trying to keep her in the chancellorship
Angela Merkel has held power in Germany
since 2005 right you never hear anyone
complaining about how long Angela Merkel
has been in office you fear is that the
fear that she might go away right no one
calls her dictator for life or anything
like that
oh but Putin and Xi Jinping have been in
office for a while right you know the
hypocrisy is it is boundless what one
standard for the new leader of the free
world and the other one for countries we
don't like well I would like to point
our readers our viewers to explain to
them that there was a gap in Putin's
statement in turn cuz there was no gap
in Merkel stay in power so that's why
she actually stayed longer than him on
on on this idea I mean this mechanical
approach people should be elected for
two terms not for three what why well I
mean take the situation between Russia
and Ukraine who can improve it only a
very strong charismatic Ukrainian leader
who would be able to tell the nation you
know we should make peace with them I
guarantee you that everything will be
fine
the United States and you do not allow
such a leader to to appear in Ukraine
because he will need yes he will need to
turn yes you had someone like that they
would have their own power base and they
wouldn't be relying on the Europeans and
the Americans they do they don't want so
they don't want a strong free agent in
Ukraine it's obvious oh this mechanical
approach you know only two terms in
power she must go even though basically
China made an official statement saying
that she is not president for life you
know the new changes do not mean that he
is irreplaceable
but the CNN is not only afraid that she
will stay forever they're afraid that
Trump will be like it's also a
postmodernist thing here okay they this
is like what what is it called toxic
masculinity look even Vladimir Putin is
a very his presentation is
traditional a strong individual strong
man and she is also the same a
relatively social concern right well so
but in the post modernist these
ideologically driven triggered people
don't like that kind of presentation I
think there's a geopolitical angle to it
I as with most things I see I think the
Chinese political elite see the same
thing that the Russian political elite
do we are in a geopolitical crux point
right we're at make-or-break on all
kinds of the the new arms race and cold
war developing these conflicts in Syria
and in Ukraine in the South China as a
potential conflict in the South China
Sea this there's problems with the world
economy the the huge debt of the West
it's still trying to emerge out of
recession these potential trade Wars the
political leaders of these two countries
see these things and they want a strong
charismatic hand at the tiller for the
next few years to guide them through
what they know very turbulent waters
right I think and climate change of
course is another one the waters ahead
are very rocky and they want to hold on
to a good thing for a few more years
while they have it because the water
ahead looks like they got some Rapids
yeah well maybe I'll pick up another
things here east gouta Eastern good sir
you know in Syria there was in Syria
that was a really suburb of damask
absolutely which used to supply Damascus
with vegetables and fruit in peaceful
times now it is occupied by jihadis the
Syrian government is trying to drive
them out using surprise surprise
artillery and aviation and the Western
press is just mad about it you know they
keep talking about bombardment well I'm
so when the US and its allies do it it's
okay but when the sovereign government
of Syria does it deliberate okay a
surprise
capital so did something happen how many
different really really there so there
are moral bombs and immoral absolutely
but let me quote here someone who like
The Guardian cannot be even removed a
suspected of being pro Syrian you know
pro-government that is their local
representative of the Red Cross bubble
critic a Poe working in Damascus he said
in his interview that actually not a
single person was allowed to leave East
guta
since it was besieged four years ago and
of court so these freedom fighters
sitting there they keep people hostage
isn't that clear from this statement and
and I'm sorry and the whole hysteria of
the Western press around the action of
the Syrian army it reminds me as a
Russian citizen of the attitude of
Western press to the anti-terrorist
operations in Russia when the terrorists
took the school in Busan when they took
the seat in Moscow what was the reaction
of the Western press you might get a
depression it was not terrorists who
took hostage but it was Putin a work or
to create called dissidents they were
called dissing and of course all the
people were killed by the security
forces who liberated the hostages
surprised surprised fired some fire
weapons and it's no surprise that a few
of those very same North Caucasian
Chechen jihadists and others are
fighting in Syria on that on the side in
Boston right let's be clear let's be
clear of who these rebels are when we
say they're jihadists you know a
terrorist is it's not rhetorical
it is literally HTS a loser al Qaeda
whatever you want to call them
recognized by the US government so Qaeda
it's a harder I'll show which is an al
Qaeda splinter group radical Salafist
jihadist sponsored by Saudi Arabia it is
je sha Islam which is also a Salafist
radical group sponsored by Saudi Arabia
and we throw in one Islamist group
allied with them supported by the
question all of the groups you just
mentioned do you think have you ever
heard them mentioned on scene and CNN
and MSNBC
know that I've never heard them too
you know watch it I don't watches
religiously so I again you know go back
these are like dissidents with
Kalashnikovs okay that's how they want
to portray these bleeding-heart
humanitarian rights arguments now now
coming out about East guta just like
they came out about East Aleppo we don't
even need to go back as far as Grozny
the same thing was said about East
Aleppo and look at East Aleppo now
they've been cleared of jihadis the
people were returning Christmas was
celebrated in East Aleppo for the first
time since they seized control of the
eastern half of the city and the same
thing will happen in eastern goona
despite all the the the baying of the
regime change horns coming out of the
neocon coming there was a there was a a
open call from academics in the New York
Review of Books literally calling to the
defy the the UN Charter then the
Security Council and and and and enforce
regime change on Damascus over this and
they made it sound like that that the
the there was no violence at all no no
military on the side of the of these sad
Imperial habits die hard
ok last word last word I think we should
all remember that while we're discussing
Eastern good and the Western media is
discussing it every day in Yemen 130
children died from malnutrition and this
is done by Saudi Arabia the second big
spender on arms in the world after the
United States what is the big biggest
customer over US weapons what do you
when he bets 660 minutes on CBS will
never tell the American people that back
back to the Putin's speech his State of
the Union speech as it were a quote
about what it was about in response the
speech can be represented by one huge
middle figure aimed at the US Vasili
Cashen at the higher School of Economics
ed they declared a new cold war on us we
accept we accept known that on that note
gentlemen that's the end of our extended
version of our program see you next week
and remember
crosstalk rules
