112 members of the US Congress have
signed a letter to the Secretary of
State demanding he retract the u.s.
decision to cut funding to the UN agency
for Palestinian refugees they say the
move taken by the Trump administration
in August threatens to destabilize the
region
now since the funding was cut the agency
has entered a period of crisis
protesters have been surrounding UN cars
carrying its personnel angry that
they're no longer receiving help
accompanying at the agency to pull some
of its staff from Gaza over fears of
safety we discussed the current
situation with the head of the UN
refugee agency in Gaza there was a nasty
incident two days ago when I was meeting
with some colleagues in hotel here in
Gaza City because I can't meet in my
office and when angry demonstrators came
and tried to prevent us from leaving
that place one car with colleagues got
stuck and was surrounded by angry
demonstrators for over an hour
fortunately the situation was resolved
peacefully that could have been a very
nasty incident so fortunately so far no
one has got hurt or directly attacked
what is leading to this incidents I
think is the tactics of our union
leadership and the demonstrators they
seem to think that it will help their
situation that by that if they
aggressively prevent management from
working and if they close schools and
health centers that's the reason for
these kinds of incidents it helps no one
no one wins the u.s. says that it's been
sharing the disproportionate burden of
funding the agency and it doesn't want
to participate in this irredeemably
flawed operation anymore
or following the funding cuts the EU
Parliament debated on Tuesday the
options to help the UN refugee agency
without it would be more difficult to
reach a negotiated two-state solution
just fair a great and realistic solution
for the Palestine
cheese is a final status issue that only
the two parties can resolve so
negotiations with the support of the
international community the European
Commission proposed 40 million euros for
the UN agency to continue supporting
schools and health clinics
although the agency's head in Gaza says
that the problem lies not only with
funding
Oona's work would be made easier if they
are stable predictable funding
arrangements so the countries that
helped us this year need to continue
this next year and and hopefully we will
get more I hope that the authorities
will do a bit more than they're
currently doing to ensure that Unruh can
fully and properly function here in Gaza
the problem is not the US and its
government the problem is that the
international community including the EU
is from my perspective speaking on
behalf of the refugees not putting
enough effort into finding a political
solution what is needed is not Member
States criticizing each other what is
needed is member states working together
to bring Israel and Palestine to the
table to have a proper discussion and
negotiation about a peaceful solution
that is what's needed most
you
