hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report coming at you at the speed of
sound and the speed of light
that's 186,000 miles per second can you
imagine that into your unconscious mind
right causing all kinds of havoc
max we had the good fortune of recording
the second half of this episode first so
I know what you're going to talk about
and I am going to introduce it with this
headline because this headline happened
over the past week or two we did not
cover it at the time because we knew we
were gonna get the expert on Vicks on to
the program to talk about the details of
it but I just want to remind people in
case they're under the misguided notion
that there's been any sort of you know
you know reduction in criminal activity
within markets apparently that's not
true
well Vic's manipulation cost investors
billions whistle blower says a whistle
blower told US regulators that a scheme
to manipulate the VIX the volatility
gauge thrust into the spotlight last
week during a wild trading session costs
investors hundreds of millions of
dollars every month a washington-based
lawyer told the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission the nation's top
market regulators in a letter Monday
that his client found a flaw that allows
traders with quote sophisticated
algorithms to move the VIX up or down by
simply posting quotes on ESPE options
and without needing to physically engage
in any trading or deploying any capital
billions in purportedly ill-gotten
profits have been scooped up by an
unethical electronic option market
makers according to the letter well as
this show has reported on many times
over many years you know the scams on
Wall Street are the same they just
repackage them and they take the old
rancid wine and they put it into a new
bottle and the Vicks contract which was
a product invented to allow people to
trade volatility a separate from
actually having to own anything was
obviously going to be prone to
manipulation and it was just a matter
before it blew up and now it has blown
up and a lot of people have lost tons of
money and we predicted this probably no
less than 20 times on this show and
we've been charting for years now the
growth of this product the manipulation
behind the product the players who are
manipulating this product and alerting
regulators like the SEC or whoever that
if you're interested in putting crooks
in jail here's a product that allows you
to see clearly
crooks behaving in a crooked manner and
the response was just like we gotta let
markets be markets because America is a
country that is with you know fill in
the blanks I mean without the fraud take
the fraud you can't spell fraud without
America I mean it can't you know it's
just empty suit there's gonna be another
one after this this one will maybe die
down and then in six months there'll be
a new product they launched that'll be
considered to be the whiz-bang product
of the century that everyone's got to
own and talk about and trade because
it's a reflection of something
innovative in the financial space and
it'll be completely crooked and we'll be
right back where we were just as the
portfolio insurance in 87 the subprime
market in 2008 the all the other myriad
products that we've talked about on this
show that are completely fraudulent
again like let's go into a specific
detail here that many people assume that
markets can't be manipulated because for
every buyer there's a seller for every
seller there's a buyer and as they're
saying here as this guy this
whistleblower is establishing that they
don't need to engage in trading any
physical trading and they don't need to
deploy any capital all they have to do
is put spoof quotes 4sp options so it's
there's no real there's no there there
they don't have to actually engage in
any buying and selling they look at the
market and they see price quotes that
are out of the market that are not
actually and thread of being executed no
money will trade play take place will
exchange hands and so the computers will
then drive trading to get to that price
that they see as necessary to fulfill
some order down the books from some
other trader but of course the second
that trades about to go through oh my
god that bid or that offer that you know
spoof it's been ripped
from the markets it doesn't exist
anymore but the price movement did in
fact cause other derivatives and options
to become profitable for those that are
trading on inside information
now who engages in this every single P&L
at every single corporation in America
has a guy sitting at a desk who's
engaged in fraudulent trading to track
money from the markets and bankrupt
America and causing taxes to go up it
causes as fraudulent programs like
Obamacare to rip people off
it causes infrastructure projects to die
it causes people in San Francisco living
on the street living in their own feces
because guys on Wall Street
think it's necessary to create scams
it's just rip capital out of these
markets and so you have a dysfunctional
dystopian feces of fear called the
United States and feces is what did they
renamed it replace the Stars with little
piles of dog poop and say this is where
we live now
thank you Wall Street this show guys
report suggested a campaign by silver
crash JP Morgan crash JP Morgan by
silver and that was back in 2011 and
that was based on the notion that JP
Morgan when they did that sweetheart
deal where they were gifted Bear Stearns
over the weekend in 2008 when they
collapsed well they that they had
inherited this huge short position that
Bear Stearns held in silver so again
these are in the futures markets they
had a short position that was greater
than the amount of silver even available
for them to close that and we use you
pointed out that if every person on
earth actually bought just an ounce of
silver or even a hundred million people
bought an ounce of silver at 15 bucks
that this would crash JP Morgan
well remarkably here's a story on value
walk because apparently JP Morgan
currently has like a hundred and thirty
two million ounces of silver one of the
largest positions in the world if not
the largest and the tweet from them do
like JP Morgan's doing buy silver and
notice that t-shirt the woman's wearing
crash JP Morgan buy silver so they're
using a image from that campaign in 2011
and remarkably here's the chart of JP
Morgan Silver position this is 2011 when
we were running that campaign and
this is how much silver they now have
and the article and value walk points
out JP Morgan now has a record high 132
point 1 million ounces of physical
silver in its Comex warehouse inventory
why they asked the start of JP Morgan's
Comex silver bullion stacking began only
a few months removed from outspoken
financial commentator max kaisers
November 2010 public plea to buy silver
crashed JP Morgan this was broadcasted
across the world on Russia Today RT is
funded in whole or in part by the
Russian government
so they credit you as causing JP Morgan
to start to accumulate silver in order
to avoid your campaign I guess it
obviously was you were pointing out a
flaw in their algorithm or in their
understanding of futures markets and
that left that they were vulnerable to
any physical purchases of silver yeah
they're a vote on their balance sheet it
was a other balance sheet they had this
enormous vulnerability that on market of
unrealized negative real awesome mean
arrests
they had this risk that was not being
counted for and that as I pointed out
the time it you know if people bought
silver and the price of several one from
17 to 50 and that campaign and then of
course regulators and the C you know
allowed for a huge paper dump of silver
to keep the price down on behalf of JP
Morgan who then turned around and said
oh my god we have this enormous
vulnerability on our balance sheet we
need to cover it by buying a lot of
silver so now that JP Morgan was one of
the biggest buyers of silver at 50
dollars for about six months to being
put out of business yeah
which if that campaign had spread as it
should have
Jamie Dimon would be completely out of
work at the moment he would be like with
Blythe master selling hot dogs in London
or something but you know the now
they've covered there and they bought a
bunch of silver obviously and they're
obviously not short they're they're not
they covered that big hole in their
balance sheet now so they they're
invulnerable now there are just a
monopolist but bahama the monopolist
predatory crony capitalist
dirtbag the article that also says as a
quick aside the Russian Federation has
been actively acquiring bullion heavily
over the same timeframe here are the
pictures to prove it and they have photo
after photo of all these gold bullion
bars that the Russian Federation has
shown the central bank has revealed
that's right that's reverse propaganda
and they also had they had one photo of
some silver bullion so they're you know
apparently they have been buying a lot
of silver and a lot of gold according to
that yeah they could they should
absolutely because they understood what
we were saying at that time and we told
any government that's interested in
insulating themselves against a dollar
collapse needs to be buying gold so
another story related to silver this is
interesting because it comes from Clive
Mont and he's often on three to one gold
and he's kind of one of the the more
like conservative he's never been really
one of those like silver buy silver
buy gold or like he's never been a like
super cheerleader he's always very calm
irrational as well you know it's
overbought now it's it you know gold
could fall for the next few years and it
ended up falling for you know or staying
in there an arranged for about the five
to six seven years but now here's an all
caps article he writes which was kind of
crazy but it's gold silver Clive one
silver at 180th the price of gold
this is crackers a very serious anomaly
has arisen with silver wait for it
silver a US dollars 1675 is now 180th of
the gold price at 1367 dollars an ounce
this is crackers Gold's geochemical
abundance is four parts per billion
Silver's geochemical abundance is 75
parts per billion
therefore silver is roughly 20 times
more abundant than gold
therefore if the markets valued silver
at as geochemical abundance relative to
gold the silver price should be 6
see seven dollars or an ounce or four
times the present price obviously you
know markets are subjective all value is
subjective so people do value gold more
than the geochemical abundance of gold
and versus silver or platinum or
palladium or any of the other precious
metals are metals created by the
explosion of stars and that our distant
past but nevertheless he's saying that
ratio there is a gold silver ratio that
is historical sort of average and it's
way off either gold is gonna have to
fall sharply to meet the same ratio to
silver or silver is gonna have to rise
sharply right and with the dollar
trending lower it implies that gold and
silver will be moving up so if gold
really breaks out of this long-term kind
of loan lackluster performance then
you're gonna see silver obviously
outperform gold as that is always the
case it's more volatile than gold so
it's super cheap if JP Morgan is
hoarding silver you've got JP Morgan
working for you now that when other
banks are probably buying it the central
banks of various countries are buying
precious metals so I mean this is
probably a fantastic time actually this
sector is obviously very
conspiracy-theory oriented and believe
in these super powers of the likes of
Jamie Dimon so a lot of conspiracy
theorists will of course look at this
and say well should the price of silver
rise haha
JP Morgan has a lot of physical silver
to dump on the market so that's the
conspiracy theory interpretation of of
silver being able to even rise above
1675 know it depends if they want to
dump their silver and buy dollars but if
the dollar is collapsing that would be
stupid these in other words they're
buying the silver because they
understand the dollar is on the
precipice of collapse and so you're not
gonna dump your silver or a girl to buy
a junk currency like the dollar so if
you are you know JP Morgan you print
dollars that says most money is created
by issuing dollars yes silver higher
yeah so you know they can print all the
money they want and the silver will keep
skyrocketing so I mean this is the era
of silver and gold now and the the
leaving the era of the US dollar's world
that could be this is an opinion we are
offering and another opinion I will
offer in the last few seconds here is
that it'll be interesting post these
regulatory fines imposed on certain
banks who were found to have indeed been
manipulating silver futures in
particular so it'll be interesting to
see with that if they're not able to do
that so easily and they've moved on to
manipulating the VIX whether or not this
maintains yeah exactly so it's a
moveable feast when it comes to fraud on
Wall Street yeah well we'll be having a
lot more to talk about after the break
so don't go oh wait welcome back to the
Kaiser report I'm Max Keiser time now to
turn to Mitch Firestein author of planet
Ponzi Mitch welcome back great to be
here Mac alright now Mitch for several
years now we've been talking about
something called the VIX the volatility
index and you are on the frontline of
money management you are looking at
these markets every single day you
pointed out to us on several occasions
that the VIX is not what it appears and
there are a lot of irregularities going
on with the VIX and you suggested that
the best way to manipulate the market is
to manipulate the VIX because it's the
tail that wags the dog can you just walk
us through how that is how that works
and what we've then we'll get into what
we've seen recently
well absolutely I mean you know as we've
discussed numerous occasions have you as
you pointed out the VIX index originally
was trading back in the early 2000s
maybe 1700 or 1600 contracts per day
that has increased to by 20,000 percent
so if you just look at the volumes that
have increased in the amount of money
that's being spent on shorting
volatility it's just amazing but you
know there are other products that are
going to cause a meltdown the VIX is one
that's easily too easy to manipulate if
you understand how the basic markets
work not to get too complex the VIX
as we've discussed and gone on ad
infinitum is a manipulable index
and there are other problems systemic
problems within the markets what's
happened in the past nine years is the
Federal Reserve has created grotesque
asset bubbles in the bond market the
property markets and of course the stock
markets so these markets are based on
printing hundreds of trillions of
dollars with coordinated global central
bank actions around the world starting
with the US Federal Reserve the Bank of
Japan the European Central Bank of
course in the Bank of England let's roll
back to the VIX for a second as you
point out it started out with relatively
low volume it's a Wall Street's great at
coming up with products and they come up
with products all the time because they
need stuff to trade because they get
money trading stuff so they invent stuff
and they invent products and some of
them work and some of them don't and
this volatility index is a product that
is supposed to track volatility and it
was came out of the brain wave of some
financial engineer some day and they
launched it and then what happened is
that people figured out that if the
Federal Reserve is going to prevent the
markets from going down by constantly
buying stocks by printing money then you
can make a lot of money but as you say
you're going to short volatility you're
going to sell the VIX naked and keep
that cash you know you're going to be a
seller of this mix because the downside
risk is pretty small because the Federal
Reserve is always going to be there to
buy stocks if there's ever any slippage
or a price movement down you know they
remember the Greenspan put became the
Bernanke put became the Janet Yellen put
and stocks just never ever go down
because the Fed is out there buying
stocks so then what happened was if you
want to manipulate the markets in a
quick and easy way because of the as you
point out the interoperability and
interconnectedness of all these markets
if you were to simply manipulate that
VIX you can buy algorithmic extension
because it's all connected manipulate
the SP as a whole is that a fair
statement well what I think's is going
on it's very difficult because the Fed
is incredibly opaque as to what they're
doing and will never really know but I
can tell you for a fact because the
Swiss National Bank is purchasing
massive quantities of US stocks and
they're buying us corporate bonds which
is impacting
market the same thing with the European
Central Bank so you know the Swiss
National Bank should be a central bank
they shouldn't be speculating and
manipulating US stock prices and US
asset prices and that's all part of the
bubble now whether the US is buying VIX
or pushing the VIX down to suppress
volatility when and causing people to
rush into the market to offset what
they're doing in the futures market that
is a definite possibility and that could
be part of what we're seeing but look as
I as I've always maintained there's
always a cause and then there's a
reaction and then there's an event and
then you have you've got to have a
result so so with the VIX collapse we've
seen one ETF which was you know the the
jokers who created the product so and
one thread that to go back to what you
said about all these products that are
created they all generate fees the more
products the more fees now do you get
crushed by buying my products who cares
I make my fees so it doesn't matter this
is all about making fees so they thought
that it would be cute to say oh you want
to go short VIX well let's see the
opposite of VIX we'll call it XIV right
so look you keep investing in this
investing in this you make 90 percent a
month 90 percent a month 90 percent a
month and then in one day your drawdown
is 90 percent of everything you've made
in two years I warned about this many
times right the same thing with
exchange-traded funds which I've told
you were the devil's tool those those
I'm telling you are also the tail that's
wagging the dog and we that's a long
conversation yeah it's not a
whistleblower has come forward to tell
regulators that the VIX is manipulated
right so now what you've been saying for
years right it's now been confirmed by a
whistleblower so exactly what has this
whistleblower said and what is the proof
of what they said and is it Mitch
well it's easy I mean look there's no
regulation I mean we've seen that our
government has no interest in regulating
anything what's the proof I mean what
you need is a regulatory body to go in
and find out who's buying who's selling
and what it's correlated to and you need
the Fed to disclose exactly what they're
doing until we see that you can blow all
the whistles you want but there's no you
know nobody's going to do anything so
it's great or look at the banks they
keep you know you you you guys focus on
this on your show the banks keep
violating numerous laws nobody ever goes
to jail no bet like in my book planet
Ponzi no bankers ever jailed around the
world no matter what happened look at
the hundreds of trillions of dollars of
wealth that was crushed out of the
market during the the first credit
crisis the next one's gonna be much
bigger but none of the bankers were
punished the even Alan Greenspan the old
Federal Reserve Chairman said numerous
laws were violated we don't need new
laws we need enforcement of the existing
laws nobody wants to enforce the
existing laws the banks all violated
laws nobody went to jail so what kind of
message does that send look if you get
up all the whistleblowers you want but
then they're gonna say oh yeah we're
gonna we're gonna call a committee we're
gonna investigate we're gonna look into
it we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna
let you know about it right so this this
scenario this scene of Vic's
manipulation and then this huge collapse
in catastrophic collapse of the ETF I
mean so it's a product that goes back to
the portfolio insurance of 1987 that led
to the crash of 1987 then he had the
subprime crisis crisis of 80 2008 which
was just a repackaging of of assets in a
way and once again to create a product
that was not really needed but created a
lot of fees it got abused and there was
a collapse so Wall Street is never ever
gonna stop creating these products that
have no real application or use but they
do create systemic risk they blow up and
they cause huge problems and there's
nobody stepping in to stop it that
hasn't been in in 30 years maybe you
know max also you know that I was long
volatility on February 5th when we had
that meltdown and you might have seen on
my Twitter feed I said these guys you
know they're marking they were marking
to market mark to market is what they
closed their book out at the end of the
day to prices that were so off market it
was ridiculous so it was obvious to me
that there was some systemic failure
that they were trying to hide by the
prices that they put in you know it's
like saying that the asset at the close
of the day was worth only five when it
was really worth the price propaganda is
no they would have to they would have to
come in and wind the companies dupe
because they would say look if you
market to market then you're insolvent
right that's why there was a
yes a miss so the prices are masking
something that is catastrophic in this
sense so it's price propaganda it's it's
a systemic failure price to create the
illusion of something then you've
created price propaganda but a chance
years here so Charlie Munger you know
partner of Warren Buffett right he says
regulators should back off Wells Fargo
they've paid enough for their multitude
of crimes over there Wells Fargo cornea
Charlie Munger what do you think well I
think that you know you Berkshire
Hathaway Warren Buffett's the biggest
shareholder of Wells Fargo isn't he and
you know look Charlie Munger's past his
sell-by date what is he 95 now I mean
that sounds ageist Mitch I mean I'd hate
to cast aspersions Charlie Munger just
because being nonsense adult diapers but
what they do is they're he's talking his
own position right so of course if you
own the most shares in Wells Fargo
you're gonna say leave it leave Wells
Fargo alone you're gonna say they never
did anything wrong because if the stock
goes down your investors lose money so I
mean we and the other problem is is the
media now it's all fake news I mean so
of course they're gonna put him on
television to pitch his own book right
so he rocks up and he says yeah Wells
Fargo didn't do anything wrong sure
she'd go higher buy him go out and buy
them but in case Fargo they patently did
lots of stuff wrong they stole from
people's accounts yeah and they stole
money really did right they went into
and and and took money out of corporate
business accounts and charge people fees
that they weren't authorized to charge
justice system for Wells Fargo that's
different than everybody else I mean if
I want to locked over a liquor store I'd
be in trouble too big to bail too big to
jail and too connected to prosecute
right so well I mean and then you know
he likes to get on his moral high horse
and lecture people about how to make it
and obviously the way to make it
according to Charlie Munger is to be a
serial arsonist ik
crony capitalist Pig hey man Warren
Buffet I mean that's well I mean look
the their big stick in the 1960s and 70s
and 80s is value investing yeah yeah
value investing worked back then but it
doesn't work anymore I mean I would
argue that right now the markets are too
distorted
from government intervention so look
we're gonna have a collapse me
you can't yeah the best thing when when
you had a sixteen year bear market and
stocks are trading at below their
breakup value that ended you know ten
fifteen twenty years ago when market
started to trade well above their
intrinsic value based on Federal Reserve
money printing right now we're talking
about valuations with if you cyclically
adjust the price earnings multiples
we're talking highest in history I mean
even above a lot of them are trading
above where the dot-com bomb was so now
you know people are saying it's
different this time
look I've been doing this since the
nineteen eighties it's never different
anytime not this time not next time not
any time it's never different you know
give me a scenario why it's different
okay if you could stay for another
segment sure alright but leave for me
let's just wrap this up I will get into
some more stuff here
JPMorgan apparently is very very long
silver you know this is a long-running
story here on the show but we're gonna
get into that additionally in the second
segment is as well so stay right there
that's gonna do it for this edition of
the constant report with me Max Keiser
and Stacy Herbert like to thank our
guest mitch Firestein author of Planet
Ponzi now available in Esperanza if you
want to reach us on twitter it's Kaiser
report until next time bye
