well reaction to putin's revelations
about Russia's nuclear capability have
been coming in from around the world the
Pentagon said he was not surprised
adding it had been expecting such an
announcement but tensions were pretty
high at the US State Department and
Artie Samira Khan joins us now with the
details well hi there Samira I mean talk
more about what happened at the briefing
well the State Department says that
Russia's new hypersonic missile violates
international treaties and Heather now
it was particularly concerned about the
video or imagery that was released
claiming that it showed the missile
targeting the US and when reporters
asked about this the scene turned pretty
ugly and then now it revealed just how
uncomfortable she was when she slammed
the Russian reporters who pressed her on
this as officials of the Russian
government let's take a quick look it
was not taken in the United States it
was two missiles sent to different
directions so I do say that they are you
okay and upset then I'll move on what is
why they're not officials of the Russian
government they're just asking a
question about Russia oh really okay
well we know that that RT and other
Russian news or so-called news
organizations are there unded and
directed by the Russian government so if
I don't have and it was met with
significant backlash from reporters all
across the room but how did she respond
with several doses of sarcasm of course
for the record this is her usual mo when
she wants to avoid answering questions
in the past she's referred to me and my
colleagues as representatives of the
Russian government as well so but when
mattli asked a follow-up to the Russian
reporters question that earned now it's
resentment which then carried over when
he asked her a completely unrelated
question
if there were people in line to replace
the people the people who are leaving
and the fact is because you're not aware
of it does not mean that that does not
exist okay they haven't denominator okay
there are there are people in mind and
in line for those types of positions
perhaps you've just not heard about it
yet and then amid a barrage of questions
now are shut down the entire press
conference and then rejected a
reporter's question which rightfully
upset the reporter who then stood up
from her chair and followed an hour out
of the room we've got it we've got to go
I will talk to you after the note the
Iraqi parliament voted Wednesday to call
for a timetable for the Iraqis for
foreign shoot it's unclear what exactly
agitated an hour but it could have been
the continuous stream of questions
regarding president Putin's address but
journalists in the room were all
defending each other so I wonder if
we'll hear any complaints from the other
reporters that was a fascinating
briefing RT Samira Khan thank you very
much
