now the South African Parliament has
voted in favor of new legislation that
could see land seized from white farmers
under the plans white farmers would be
stripped of their land with no
compensation although this does run
against the Constitution which would
have to be amended here's what the man
behind the initiative had to say about
it
the time for reconciliation is over now
is the time for justice we must ensure
that we restore the dignity of our
people without compensating the
criminals who stole our land Julius
Malema there is something of a
controversial figure in South Africa he
has been convicted of hate speech and
back in 2016 he said he was not calling
for the slaughter of white people at
least not yet
despite that though the country's former
President Jacob Zuma has described him
as a future leader the rate of murders
and violent attacks on farmers and
landowners has risen in recent years and
according to official figures 72 percent
of the country's farmers are white
earlier we put the issue up for debate
people do not own land in South Africa
legally white people arrived here from
Europe in 1652 they killed our people
they stole our land or pressed us all
the land they have is learned that there
was taken from us by force and in many
instances by massacres we all visitors
to South Africa including the black
tribes of South Africa that came from
the north that is well documented they
came in and they killed each other for
the land and took the position of the
other black tribes the only the first
occupants of South Africa were the quay
and the Sun so if this argument allows
the land that should be the quay in the
Sun a person like the one who is now my
opponent is a foreigner in South Africa
and a land thief and in fact talking
about the cry son I am Kwai Sun he can
say my same moon retama ask him to say
it he doesn't he can't because it's a
foreigner I even worried that Parliament
is moving slow and politician we don't
trust them they are using this land
thing as a political a ball instead of
addressing the issue this legislation
gradually be changed
satisfy the white farmers as well
there's a lot of corruption involved
that's why the whole process of land
that was taken from people legally in
the past and to be returned to them is
not going as it should go you see this
I'm holding in front of me that is the
issue if this goes on investment in this
country would stop people want invasion
that country will go the same way as
above way there won't be production then
we'll have a rabbit spring in South
Africa about food that's not available
to the people of South Africa
