now a new show NRT premieres today
hosted by the former Ecuadorian
President Rafael Correa his first guest
is the American linguist and philosopher
and author of more than a hundred books
Noam Chomsky the full version of his
interview is available on the Spanish
version of our website at rt.com and
here's a quick taste
well actually it's quite the opposite
under Trump it's becoming weaker less
effective it's internally disintegrating
it's losing its whatever international
Authority is prestige it head and it's
also moving to destroy the world the
most important policy of the Trump
administration by far is its approach
towards a real existential crisis
climate change here the United States
under Trump has departed from the entire
world can the rhetoric of war between
the United States and North Korea
materialize with consequences could very
easily and in this case there happens to
be a very feasible approach to dealing
with the crisis and it's pretty well
known oh it's a Chinese proposal which
has been on the table for years the
proposal is for what's called a double
freeze North Korea freezes its
development of weapons and nuclear
nuclear nuclear and missile developments
it freezes them and the United States
calls off the constant highly
threatening military maneuvers on North
Korea's border that could set the stage
for negotiations we
could deal with the conflict and crisis
in a sensible and constructive way
