Facebook has not found any additional
signs that Russia linked accounts
interfered in the UK's brexit vote after
a renewed effort to unearth some proof
the company sent a letter to the head of
the British probe into the matter saying
there's no evidence other than the
minimal activity already known about our
t's ISA Ally has more details this is
actually the second attempt by Facebook
to investigate and see whether Russia
was involved in any attempts to try to
influence the brexit referendum in
December their investigations found that
there were three adverts which were
taken out by Russian accounts but the
budget for those totalled less than one
pound that only reached 200 people so
not exactly extensive proof of Russian
meddling Facebook then went back and
investigated again upon the demands of
Damien Collins who's a leading member of
parliament here in the UK and that's
where that letter comes from again
saying that there has been no additional
evidence of any Russian interference in
the brexit referendum now mr. Collins
travelled to the u.s. to try to grill
the officials from a number of leading
tech companies and again the message was
clear that Russia hasn't been
interfering in the democratic processes
there we looked at all advertisements
with any connection to Russia and we
found no evidence of our services being
used to interfere in the referendum a
very small number of suspected internet
research agency linked accounts 49 such
accounts were active during the
referendum campaign which represents
less than a naught point naught 5
percent of the total number of accounts
that these are very low levels of
engagement now despite those testimonies
that runs against what we've been
hearing from leading politicians
including the prime minister Theresa May
who insists that Russia is up to no good
it is seeking to weaponize information
deploying its state-run media
organisations to plant fake stories and
photoshopped images in an attempt to sow
discord in the West and undermine our
institutions so I have a very simple
message
rusha we know what you are doing and you
will not succeed so all in all
thoroughly frustrating for those who
have been attempting to find a link
between Russia and the brexit referendum
and no matter how hard you try you just
can't find something that isn't there
grexit isn't the only case of course in
which Russia has been accused of
meddling similar charges have been made
about her last year's Catalan
independence referendum in Spain and one
local senator asked the Spanish
government to back up the claims but was
left disappointed
he told us why
amid the stir that was caused by the
Spanish defense ministers statement made
on January 6th we decided to send an
inquiry to the government for them to
specify the cases of meddling which are
obvious according to the minister
however there is no such case in the
answer that we received yesterday due to
that fact we think that the purpose is
to blame an external enemy for all
possible internal problems since the
answer has not been received in
statutory terms the government will have
to answer verbally to the parliamentary
committee of defense when it is convened
