the United States government may be
granted the opportunity to access data
that's stored in other countries a case
between the government and Microsoft is
currently being heard by the US Supreme
Court now this all started five years
ago when Microsoft refused to hand over
to authorities emails that related to a
drug trafficking investigation he claims
that the data was stored on servers that
are physically located in Ireland and US
law does not stretch outside its own
borders but Washington argues as the
tech giant is an American company it
should provide the data Microsoft says
that if it loses foreign states would
then have the right to access data
that's based in the US the tech giant
claims the credibility of all our IT
companies is at stake the reality is
that people will not use technology they
do not trust we need to sustain their
trust and part of sustaining their trust
is giving people confidence that their
legal rights under their legal systems
will in fact be respected including by
the United States okay let's discuss
this in more detail now I'm joined on
the line by a political activist George
bada and Paul violist CEO at Via violist
group International to first of our mate
Paul what should we be worried about
here if Microsoft loses the case what
are the implications well you know the
issue that Microsoft is pounding on is
this you know cut it this alleged
constitutional right to privacy in the
United States Nealon that's that's the
one thing that people keep keep going
back and forth on is the right to
privacy the right to privacy I
personally and and the way that we
really need to be looking is this is we
need to find a balance and the balance
needs to be between privacy and
communicating in a manner in which
people feel you know is is unfettered
and then looking at the right of or the
responsibility of government to protect
against groups such as Isis that are
using medium slits such as that to plan
direct train terrorist attacks so there
has to be a balance between the two okay
George I mean it's an obvious argument
many people will make if you've got
nothing to hide what's the concern but
there will be an argument and I'm sure
you'll give it to us and I think the key
issue
speaking from from Europe is that you
know and many other places that there
have been extended struggles over there
very sort of vexed and and I think what
will be an increasingly important
question of privacy on the Internet and
what the the judgment if it goes with
the Justice Department would mean is
that the result of those struggles in
terms of domestic legal frameworks that
are designed to protect online users
privacy will then essentially just be
ridden roughshod over by the judgement
now it's there's a piece of legislation
coming into the Congress potentially
called the cloud act which might make
all of this moot and it may be that
Congress decides in passing that law and
that that that's okay and that the
government can do that anyway but
certainly speaking from a sort of
international point of view to have a
court decision that makes a mockery of
you know years long struggles to protect
Internet privacy is a major problem is
that something that the georgeous
mentioned they're poor perhaps the
biggest problem that legislation is just
so old it doesn't it hasn't caught up
with the internet and with the cloud and
that this needs a legal update I believe
that George is completely on point
without questioning and no one that's
going to look at this prudently is going
to say that that government should have
unfettered access to to the Internet and
as well you know we know we must
safeguard our right to be able to
communicate over the Internet with a
certain degree of privacy and what's
significant privacy even goes so far as
to say but the fact remains that
government needs to take a stronger role
in monitoring certain activity on the
Internet and in social media if we are
going to try try to stay in line and
somewhat ahead if we can with groups
such as Isis al-shabaab Boko Haram that
are using the Internet and that are
using social media as a high way of
transporting information to plan and
execute terrorist attacks so it's a
matter of creating a balance between as
George said that internet privacy and
the ability to communicate as well as
the government's right to be able to
monitor preemptively to protect
society in general George what about
that argument because you know some
people might argue that terrorists are
winning that battle when it comes to
organizing attacks in in major cities
very hard to stop them doing so wouldn't
this be a very useful weapon for the
Laura Thoren Durst and it that there are
there are farm there are many sort of
covert means of communicating
effectively online if you want to that
wouldn't be touched by this judgment in
the particular case that that's at issue
the Irish government has been very clear
that it would had it had there been a
request from the Justice Department for
the information that is stored on these
servers in Ireland they would absolutely
have responded by releasing that by
releasing that data and I mean the UK
for instance has recently signed what's
called an M Latin mutual legal
assistance treaty so that your
authorities in the UK and the US can
coordinate on these matters but I think
it's you know in in a world where you
know yes we you know it's arguably
multipolar world with a paralyzing power
of China etc but the u.s. is effectively
still a kind of imperial power and and
given that people across the world are
using social media most of you know most
of the major companies for which are
based in the US judgements like this if
it goes the wrong way would essentially
mean that anybody using a u.s. social
media account can essentially just have
all their data immediately accessed by
the US Justice Department and as we know
from the revelations of Edward Snowden
and others there are huge questions to
be asked in terms of the legitimacy and
and of of US snooping and the interests
that are being served and certainly as a
political activist that has you know
genuine cause to fear governments
essentially using internet spying to
undermine effective democratic dissent I
think this is a really important issue
that that needs to be kept at the
forefront of the discussion if I'm a
George because I think is a really good
point you've made Paul isn't Big Brother
here and it's if it's if it goes their
way this would be the US government will
be Big Brother
you've got Microsoft make computers they
make phones that make tablets all the
other big US social media giants they'll
be able to just pick and choose which
have anybody in the world's information
they want to delve into and go through
anyone's sordid details and secrets that
they thought were private they thought
was secretly hidden in a in a cloud
that's actually not a cloud at all
George raises a legitimate concern and
no matter what side of the argument that
you are on with this that's a legitimate
concern and whenever you empower
government to the extent that they have
the ability they meaning any government
in this case we're talking about the
United States govern we can talk about
anybody because all governments as
Georgia's all government snoop it's just
we've been doing it for hundreds of
years but it's important to understand
that what we're looking to do with this
is not to have complete unfettered as I
said before access to the Internet but
enough access so that there are keywords
phrases documents pictures etc that will
be used for algorithmically to detect
issues and incidences preemptively that
law enforcement that military that
government can intervene on it's not a
cart launch decision to say ok now you
have complete access to to the Internet
to social media but to give them access
so that they can on a regular basis if
certain things come up if certain things
are said if certain things are
communicated pictures presented where
they can intervene at that point in look
search warrants and going to the court
in getting permission do it I just want
to come back to George George you've got
just under one minute and I just want to
put that to you so if we're leaving it
to the discretion of big Internet
companies and the US government both of
whom let's be honest have letters down
when it comes to privacy and telling the
truth in the past can we trust them I
mean I think that my fellow debaters is
raising generally significant points
about when it's appropriate for for law
enforcement to be able to access
information but I think there there are
there are very large questions going
forward in that the internet offers
possibilities for snooping on virtually
every single aspect of anybody's
interaction with any other individual on
the planet
and and any decision that essentially
opens the floodgates into a sort of
free-for-all where governments on the
basis of the idea that they're doing
something worth well can look at
anything they want I think raised
apologize George you're gonna have to
wrap you up there I'm afraid we're out
of time I wish we could go on longer but
apologies political activist George
Bardo Paul viola CEO violas group
international many thanks guys
