the South African Parliament has voted
in favor of new legislation that could
see land from white farmers ceased our
teas policy has the details South
African Parliament has backed emotion
their calls for changing the
constitution and allowing for land
expropriation without compensation
essentially white South Africans will
lose their land they will not be
compensated this despite the fact that
it flies in the face of the current
constitution it follows the inauguration
of the South African president Cyril
Ramaphosa two weeks ago he has said that
he wants to speed up the transfer of
land from white to black South Africans
now despite the fact that apartheid in
the two decades ago you still have a
situation in South Africa where most of
the land is owned by whites this is a
hugely emotive subject for South
Africans the motion was bought in
Parliament by the economic freedom
fighters party now it did receive the
support of the ruling African National
Congress that holds some two-thirds of
the parliament the leader of the e FF
had this to say the time for
reconciliation is over now is the time
for justice we must ensure that we
restore the dignity of our people
without compensating the criminals who
stole our land
millena is a controversial and somewhat
radical figure in South Africa in the
past he has said that he's not calling
for the social of white people at least
not yet in recent years there has been a
spike in the killing of farmers in South
Africa now those who support the motion
say it will go a long way to restoring
justice but those who criticize it say
it will do anything but there are those
who say it will lead to unforeseen
consequences and also will be a
scapegoat that the ANC can use to
explain away its own failures
nonetheless it certainly seems as if we
were far away from restoring racial
tensions in a country that has so much
history mired in them
