Austrian document chairman of the gas
Brom management committee Alexi Miller
and chairman of the Executive Board of
om v Reiner Zeller assigning an
agreement on the sales on the sale of
assets
the signing ceremony is now over we will
now proceed to the press conference of
the President of the Russian Federation
Vladimir Putin and the federal
Chancellor of the Austrian Republic
Sebastian Coe Chancellor ladies and
gentlemen we're happy to have this
opportunity to see mr. Kurtz here in st.
Petersburg
this is his second visit and our fourth
meeting this year we have intensive
contacts on the highest political level
which creates the atmosphere of
friendship a very businesslike
atmosphere for the development of all
areas of our cooperation together with
mr. Kurtz we have just had bilateral
talks that were very constructive and
useful before that as you may have seen
we took part in the opening ceremony of
the exhibition in st. Petersburg titled
Imperial capitals st. Petersburg and
Vienna masterpieces of museum
collections our contacts and the
humanitarian sphere one of the bases of
our cooperation including just as
important as our contacts in other areas
we have focused on the economic
cooperation during our talks Austria and
Russia our reliable partners despite
difficult conditions in the global
economy
Russian Austrian trade and investment
ties are on the rise last year
trade increased by 40 percent it
increased up to 4.1 billion dollars and
over January to July
it increased almost twofold Austria is
now the highest growing country to
receive Russian experts within the EU
and Russia takes the second place as
investors into Austrian the total of
Russia's investment into the Austrian
economy is over thirty 1 billion dollars
and the reverse investment is about six
million dollars we are implementing
joint projects in various areas the
Russian Austrian business council has
been very productive we have a Joint
Commission on Economic Cooperation which
took place recently a session of which
to place recently in May the Austrian
delegation was one of the largest
delegations on the forum I'd like to
know the many year cooperation between
Russia and Austria in the energy area in
the energy sphere we have been providing
energy resources - Astraea reliably and
we have had transit over Austrian
territory to other countries undoubtedly
this is one of the key aspects of our
cooperation I'd like to remind you that
following the results of our June talks
gas prom and all our companies signed a
contract to continue the deliveries of
Russians hydrocarbons up to the year
2014 and we have a very strategic
cooperation between these two countries
oh and Fowler also participates in the
construction of the pipelines of the
Nord Stream 2 project and Russia
welcomes the Austrian position in their
support of this project because it is
important for the entire European
continent we have also discussed the
issues of expanding industrial and
economic cooperation we have
had a positive assessment of the
Declaration signed in 2011 for
progressive modernization as part of
this declaration there are 28 in
innovation projects that are being
implemented
I'll also like to note such an important
project as the creation of a railroad
from Gossett's in Slovakia to Vienna in
Austria once it's completed the volume
of the deliveries from Asia to Europe
through the transit will increase
manifold and we will have fewer costs we
have discussed and exchanged opinions on
international and global issues we have
informed our Austrian counterparts on
the approaches to settle the Ukrainian
crisis we have just exchanged views on
that we have also talked about the
Syrian peace settlement we see prospects
for an active political process based on
resolution 2254 of the UN Security
Council and on the basis of the
agreement reached as part of the Astana
process this will allow us to solidify
the positive trends we've seen on the
ground and create conditions for further
restoration of peaceful life in Syria
and will help Syrian refugees to return
to their homes Austria is ready to join
humanitarian actions communitarian
projects that would help the citizens of
Syria but it is important that any such
action is it's done in cooperation and
in communication with the Syrian
government to help the regions that
suffer most because of war soon will
mark the 100-year anniversary
anniversary of the first Austrian
Republic and tomorrow mr. Kurtz together
with heads of his government will
attend an event to commemorate this 100
year anniversary and in that regard I
would like to express my my best wishes
to the Austrian people and I'd like to
thank mr. Cordes for this useful
conversation we've had today thank you
so much for your attention
ladies and gentlemen mr. Putin I'd like
to thank you for this invitation to st.
Petersburg I'm happy that we've had an
opportunity today to open this amazing
exhibition in st. Petersburg which was
previously gone to Vienna it has been on
exhibition there we have a high level of
cooperation just as you said we've had
good bilateral ties a good economic ties
and over the past two years we've had
very positive progress our trade is
about 5 billion euros and in this regard
I think it's important to note that we
also have strong cooperation in terms of
the energy sector over the past 50 years
we've get very positive cooperation
between Austria and Russia between
Gazprom and the or from the OEM flour
company in Austrian this cooperation
consolidation is getting stronger with
every year which is good we've had 50
years of the deliveries of gas from
Russia we just marked this 50-year
anniversary and if we look back we can
see that these deliveries have always
been reliable very stable and even in
the most difficult of times they have
been very reliable and this has been
important both for Europe and both for
Russia it is very important that we
receive this gas deliveries from Russia
the cooperation between
gasps brahmand are a foul are a good
step for our further cooperation as
countries and apart from humanitarian
and cultural cooperation we would also
like to have dialogue about democracy
about about law about human rights and
this would require of course a lot of
positive changes and as the austrian
chancellor and as president of the
european council this is what i would
like to say apart from bilateral ties
we've also talked about relation between
GU EU and russia and we've also
discussed some urgent and harsh
questions such as Ukraine and Syria
Russia as a great power has a great
responsibility to find a political
solution to the crisis in Ukraine and in
Syria today your statement about Syria
is what I've heard from you all like we
want to remove Iranian troops from Syria
and I agree we should do that and I hope
that this will help find a positive
solution to this crisis also we need to
resolve the crisis in Ukraine in eastern
Ukraine because people have been
suffering for way too long as an active
participant of EU politics we believe
that is also partly our responsibility
to help resolve this issues and here we
come closer to the problem to the issue
of sanctions and I hope I have sincere
hope that as part of the Minsk agreement
we would be able
to find ways to resolve the situation in
eastern Ukraine as a member state of the
EU we would like to express our
solidarity with other with our other
partners and with we understand that
problems still remain but apart from the
difficult issues that we have been
discussing today not just in Austria but
throughout the EU we see a willingness
to improve relations and I'm positive
that a peaceful existence on our
continent but for Russia and for the EU
can be achieved only through improving
our contacts and the challenges we face
today could only be resolved if we do
that we will continue to remain our
channel's open for the for the goal of
achieving peace and prosperity on the
continent thank you thank you so much
now we have an opportunity for for a Q&A
Christian Dellinger Austrian TV the
question is whether regard to Syria
first to mr. Putin then to mr. Cordes
you spoke to mr. Curwen about Italy
about the agreement on Inlet can we
expect this to be implemented could we
expect some kind of military operations
there and and the question to mr. Kurtz
Russia has been for several months
working to make European countries
finance the rebuilding and restoration
of Syria what are the steps that needs
to be taken for Europe to be ready to
participate in this process well the
question was about the elliptical Asian
zone there were militants from all over
Syria brought there and unfortunately
there were a lot of representatives of
radical groups such as Isis and the
al-nusra front and others actually we've
we've seen clashes between these groups
but this is not what bothers us what
bothers us is that over recent times
we've seen more and more attacks coming
from this zone towards other Syrian
cities including Aleppo
another thing that worries us is that
there are attempts to attack our
military objects Russian military
objects including the name airbase with
the use of self-made drones constructed
by the militants
unfortunately we had no choice but to
strike the areas from which this attacks
came and this was the focus of our
conversation with mr. Erdogan recently
in Sochi when he came to Russia with a
short working visit during the talks
we've had an idea to create a
demilitarized zone which would spend 15
to 20 kilometers that would be able to
ensure security all for the civilians
and for our minim airbase so we've
created these we've decided to create
this demilitarized zone that would
exclude any kind of militants or radical
groups such as Isis and al-nusra and
would prevent any kind of weaponry be
used in this area and I'd like to inform
you today that we have been working
closely with our Turkish partners and we
can see that they treat these agreements
as something very serious they have been
very good in terms of keeping their word
they have been implementing the
agreement they've helped us remove
militants from the zone and remove heavy
weaponry from the zone so we will
continue our work we will continue to
implement the agreement including
creating patrols that we've agreed upon
with the participation of Russian
military police all of these would have
been important without the choice we've
had with the Syrian authorities and
without our cooperation with Iran but we
have been going forward very with very
good progress and I believe that we will
achieve the goals that we've set this is
why I can say oh I do not see any
military action in this zone in the
foreseeable future we don't want
fighting
in this area what we want is to achieve
peace and the instruments that we've
chosen have been effective so far yes
and the other part of the question was
to mr. Kurtz addressed to mr. Kurtz but
I want to if you don't mind I'd like to
express my own view on that I don't know
how the how Europe would act in terms of
helping the Syrian population but I
believe that we need to depolarize
remove the political ideology political
ideas from this process we cannot
separate or draw some borders between
the Syrian population depending on who
they support humanitarian approach
should be based on helping people people
wherever they live whether they live on
the territories controlled by the Syrian
government or by the opposition don't
you agree that we don't really we
shouldn't really care where these people
live they need to be helped they
shouldn't suffer it doesn't matter who
controls the territory where they live
in this is the first thing and secondly
Europe is interested very interested in
helping the refugees returned to their
homes over the past six months hundreds
of thousands have returned to their
homes and all we need to do is provide
basic humanitarian aid restore water
supply infrastructure electricity things
like that if we restore the
infrastructure that would help deliver
aids medicine and create conditions for
normal life wouldn't hear of be
interested in that
also my colleagues told me maybe the
refugees that came to to came to Germany
and they continue to receive Social
Security payments said they don't
probably don't want to go back to Middle
East or to Africa why would they want to
when when the salaries they would have
back home would be three times lower
than what they receive in Europe but
what about those who live in the refugee
camps in Turkey and in other countries
these are the people who could clearly
return to their homes in Syria and in
other countries this is basic things
this is the very basic this is what
needs to happen we need to help these
people and we need to work together to
resolve of this problem which is not
really that complicated and not really
that costly but something very important
if the EU is called upon to help Syria
invest into Syria the first thing we
need to understand is who is already
helping the EU has already been
providing a lot of aid on the ground and
we have already been supporting we are
already supporting Syria in many areas
and almost all the aid coming to Syria
comes through Europe we need to
strengthen the support I agree with you
that this restoration and rebuilding of
Syria is very important but it can also
only be successful if the war is over
and unless this happens unless the war
stops this wouldn't happen there are a
lot of original powers original
interests who want to increase their
impact on Syria their influence on Syria
what I propose we do is remove all
foreign troops from Syria I believe this
is crucially important and the second
thing I want to say is it isn't very
important for us to find way for
political resolution of the conflict in
Syria I'd like to I'd like to note the
UA that the UN channels are very
important and the channels we've
mentioned here today are also very
important as well as the conversations
we've had in Vienna I hope that the
existing formats within the UN will
continue to function because they are
the basis for long-term cooperation in
Syria Interfax news agency russia so
today has been a very important day for
energy and right now we have just signed
a very important agreement you have also
talked about this during the Russian
energy week in both cases you've
mentioned North stream to project
he said that Russia will implement the
project whatever happens
but you said that there could be
obstacles and problems so the threads of
primary and secondary sanctions towards
the participants of the Nord Stream 2
project is quite palpable
how high do believe is the risk that the
project could be sold or frozen because
of the sanctions because of their impact
and the question to mr. kurtz how high
do you believe is the risk that Russian
partners will quit the project well all
those who are interested in the energy
sector and international relations know
the story of the South Stream and how it
failed when we had our pipelines come to
Bulgaria right into the EU our Bulgarian
counterparts assured us that whatever
happens we are going to fight to build
the South Stream because this is in our
national interest this is something that
increases our geopolitical status this
will bring us a lot of money just
because we will have the pipelines
government going through our territory
this is what they said that's all this
will create us this was help this will
help us create new jobs hundreds of jobs
but ultimately Bulgaria was pressured to
go back on their agreement and they
refused to go forward now they they're
very sorry actually they they now will
have to make new agreements to buy
hydrocarbons from other systems other
pipelines and I don't want all Europe to
do the same to make the same mistake
I've already said today and I don't want
to make this point again but Russia has
been is and will be the most reliable
supplier among other things because the
pipeline system the project
the pipeline's that goes from your mouth
from Siberia have no transit risks and
then again we see an increase in in the
in the demand for Russian gas Europe is
producing less and less of their own
energy and so if we stop implementing
projects like that this will heat all of
us we are all interested in implementing
these projects and we will fight to to
implement this agreement all the
existing pipelines are loaded up to 100%
capacity but the demand is still growing
and it will continue to grow this is why
we need it so what is Europe going to
buy gas from other regions from the US
playing twice or three times or many
more times more money for it no they
wouldn't so it's it's very reasonable
for them not to do that it's very
reasonable for them to buy gas from us
so we will continue to do everything to
make this project true make them real
and it is in the interest of the global
economy to see these projects finally
and ultimately completely implemented
this is the in the interests of both our
nation's people's to respond to your
question I'd like to say that the EU
first of all the EU has its own
interests the EU is very responsible
with regard to this issue and the
European states that are involved in the
project will continue to support the
project we still support it but there
are some legal issues that need to be
ironed out for us the interests of
Ukraine the transit states need to be
taken into account we agree that there
is a strong interest within Europe to
have this project implemented I'm
talking about a stable supply of gas of
course and there is a need for an energy
stability energy security and we believe
this would require a lot of resources so
the pipelines that are currently
function and are currently under
construction are very important to us
this is why Austria supports the notes
three into project and as I've said
there are still issues to be resolved
there is the Ukrainian issue as you
might be a well known thank you
