I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser report
they'll never stop me they'll never stop
me not even a 300 million dollars from
the Congress to give more TV to fight me
never democrats Russia gate fake hoax I
guess we have to talk about something is
let's consult what Stacy I have no idea
how you just open the show but it is
extremely early in New York City
everything in New York City is extremely
early all the time right but one thing
we always recount and recap when we
traveled to New York City is it's we get
the chance to watch cable news and it
helps us understand the divided American
population and it's been very
fascinating to watch that each side now
has their elaborate conspiracy theories
which I find quite interesting I do
believe it's very lucrative especially
for cable news they need to sell
advertising and it's quite lucrative it
appears to sell conspiracy theories so
in the United States we've had an yet
another mass shooting there probably
will have been another one by the time
this airs so don't confuse it with that
one this is the one in parkland Florida
and you know you tune into any of the
right-wing the Republican based cable
news and they say that there are crisis
actors and that this is a false flag
this shooting this mass shooting that
killed 17 teenagers you Turner into the
Democratic loyalty party news and you
find out that is actually Putin we did
this so like like this bizarre like it's
so weird to be outside the conspiracy
theory and outside the sort of party
loyalty that you just look at them both
and go what the heck is going on yeah
like this connection that the shootings
in Parkland were the product of the NRA
the National Rifle Association which
okay there's some logic to it you know
they've been lobbying to put guns into
every American hands you know for
decades including fetuses you know they
try to shoot their way out of the womb
in case they get a you know an aborted
but then they also went down the path of
saying that Putin is financing the NRA
therefore the parkland Florida shootings
are the fault of Putin the thing that's
quite interesting to me is that there
seems to be a total it's like watching
that TV series lost remember the others
on the other side of the island they're
each the same people inhabiting the same
island but each side now after decades
of this sort of programming of you're
either a Republican or Democrat that
neither side seems to like they they
seem totally foreign and afraid of each
other they're so terrified of each other
Obama was you know actually born in
Kenya member all those birthers and he
was born in Kenya and he's a secret
Muslim and all sorts of crazy stories
about him now the same thing from the
Democratic press that some there's
something really uniquely crazy uniquely
unamerican
about Trump remember Obama uniquely on
American Trump uniquely on American and
see other side responsible and I want to
read this quote from a New Yorker piece
by Mark mash again the headline was the
fundamental uncertainty of Muller's
Russia indictments and in that she
looked at the American people that I'm
just pointing to and she says while most
people believe themselves to have a
solid grip on reality they imagine their
compatriots to be gullible and
chronically misinformed this in turn
means that we no longer have a sense of
shared reality a common imagination that
underlies political life in a society
with a strong sense of shared reality a
bunch of sub literate tweets and
ridiculous ads will be nothing but a
curiosity even the fact that Russians
put money into organizing rallies and
demonstrations across the political
spectrum would be absurd surely they
didn't force people to join these
rallies as sincerely held beliefs
brought people to the rallies that it
makes no difference to the broader
political life whether someone paid for
an actress to take part this notion that
you know the other nests of the other
side of the political spectrum here is
it's just bizarre to see if you're not
part of if if you're not like if you see
that both as American both sizes
American a uniquely American it's a
shakedown you know they want more money
to spend
themselves in the political classes
because they're greedy so they make up
an enemy in this case Russia that makes
no sense if you look at it logically
because how has Russia had grown its
economy from 200 billion to 2 trillion
through trade and who's the biggest
trading partner in the world the US so
Russia has been reaching out for decades
for years now under Putin saying we got
to trade more there's more trade and
America is like no no you're an
existential crisis because we have to
give these deadbeats and Congress a lot
more money so we're gonna create a fake
enemy called Putin with demands 300
million more dollars meanwhile you go do
trade with China and in the east and
create the new Silk Road and become at
four trillion at five China's six
showing dollar economy while America
shrinks you say there are two ships
passing in the night Russia and America
America is going to Soviet ization and
Russia is going to basically with the
way America wasn't the 50s Putin if you
want to make a comparison it's more like
Eisenhower where is this weirdo in
office now is like Khrushchev so that
was our observation what I see on MSNBC
when I see on Fox two crazy conspiracy
theorists shouting at each other about
how uniquely crazy the other side is one
side basically elects Kenyans who are
secret Muslims trying to bring Sharia
law to America the other side thinks
like there's secret Kremlin puppets so
let's talk now about the financial press
here's a crazy story from the financial
press how people are like literally
there's a mental breakdown here
commodities expert Bitcoin is nonsense
and I'll never buy any to months later I
bought stock in a fake blockchain
company that was exposed as a fraud and
dropped 33% in a single day that was
Jameson lop tweeting about Dennis
Cartman Dennis Cartman is a very
well-known guy on Wall Street he writes
the Garmon newsletter lots of big banks
here on Wall Street buy his newsletter
for his expertise on commodities he was
on CNBC two months ago dissing hard how
bitcoin is a nonsense and I'll never buy
any well apparently he had to inform his
investors that he's basically made a
disastrous bet and lost big time on riot
to blockchain remember this uh it was
like a biotech company that suddenly out
of the blue changed their name to a riot
blockchain and that they were gonna
become a blockchain company instead and
their share price like soared risk
crypto bet blows up Dennis Cartman's
retirement account making big bets on
speculative assets with retirement money
is something most advisors warn against
but Bitcoin fever is prompting all sorts
of puzzling decisions for 67 year old
Dennis Cartman the longtime publisher of
a namesake daily investing newsletter
and television commentator that was
putting a volatile stock called riot
blockchain into his very own retirement
account the wager is proving to be
painful
well Garmin has a worst track record
than James Kramer he's notoriously wrong
and just makes a catastrophic ly bad
call and this is just the latest Bitcoin
it's like a Rorschach test if I'm saying
that correctly
I haven't studied psychology in a few
years but it exposes people's
subconscious and unconscious desires and
what they truly are so he's a moron
that he's been made to look more of a
moron people who are maybe quasi
megalomaniacal become full-blown metal
maniacs that we're seeing even in the
Bitcoin space with the rise of Bitcoin
cash which is a project to feed Mikkel
mania this was drawn out by the genius
that is satoshis invention if you are a
compeition investor with not aspirations
to run the world you get rewarded
spectacularly like Jeremy Gardner our
friend out in San Francisco it's just a
nice guy who saw something that would
look good and now he's you know quasi
billionaire so it brings out who you are
but in a more exaggerated way and so
this is flaming all of the nincompoops
who don't know anything about finance
and markets and rewarding those who are
simply patient and seeing this as a
world-changing game-changer that it is
it's also called FOMO and FOMO leads to
B you being rekt so this guy had fear of
missing out
you also can't trust what a lot of
people are saying he was shouting he was
telling people two months ago that
bitcoin is nonsense
it's insane don't get involved it's
stupid what a stupid investment and it
turns out that he put his money in the
the most clearly obviously stupidest of
them all like everybody we said we
talked about riah blockchain all the red
flags that were raised about this and
so-called investment it was listed on
the stock exchange and people poured
into it for no reason at all though he
didn't
homework if he had done his homework and
studied what bitcoin is he would not
have chased this dragon down the rabbit
hole to mix a few metaphors metamours
that sounds like a s'more that sounds
like a cookie that's not like a dessert
oh my god what am I talking about he
would it be more credible had he done
his research but he did not so he's
chasing this fake company nonsense and
it's a catastrophic failure but that's
what they pay him for it to ridicule him
he goes on TV so people can really kill
him he's a punching bag he's a human
punching bag he has nothing up here but
like stale meatballs he's done and
inside is burped out many years ago
continue with my theme of this fake news
of each side has fake news and accuses
the other side of fake news fake news as
and advertisements now everywhere you
walk around New York City you hear ads
for this is not fake news our chicken
cutlets are the best
you know they everything is like that TV
series lost means Naked Lunch is like
people I want to be in that film well
this is naked so of course he blames
fake news Friday was one of the worst
days we have suffered through in a very
long time he wrote in the Garmon letter
and Tuesday we were long a sizable
position and a block chain focused
company that was the victim of a CNBC
expose was sent the shares down more
than 20% and which sent us down for the
year-to-date
having been up 6% previously he's a
masochist I mean if there were more on
futures on the SIBO he'd be rich because
he himself is the biggest moron of all
and then here's another Bitcoin story
again you know
many governments in the world are trying
to protect us from social media they're
trying to protect us from Twitter
they're trying to protect us from
Facebook that you should only tune in to
MSNBC to get your official Democratic
news and you should only tune in to Fox
to get your official Republican news and
don't listen to those ordinary schmoes
out there on Twitter and Facebook and
your like your cousins and uncles don't
listen to those people that because
their minds might not be able to
contemplate and understand fake news
because here's another headline poland
central bank's secretly paid youtubers
to slander Kryptos so a Polish youtuber
with around 1
subscribers was paid about $30,000 by
the Central Bank of Poland in
collaboration with the Polish Financial
Supervision Authority to portray
cryptocurrencies and a negative light
without disclosing the payment in the
video now here is the difference between
paying you know youtubers to dis crypto
do you see any bitcoiners crying saying
oh my god
bitcoins being undermined our
institutions are blockchain is being
undermined by these people being paid by
the central bank to dis our currency no
because we're like bring it on like
nothing's gonna take it down we have
faith in our foundations and our
institutions and our and what we believe
in we have faith in it we don't like you
could say whatever you want about it you
can say all the fun you want in the
world doesn't matter we don't have that
same sort of conspiracy theory minded
absence of faith in our own beliefs so
central bank of Poland the Bitcoin
exposed them they were just a little bit
criminally minded and a little bit
psychotic and run by bad actors and
serial fraudsters but Bitcoin exposed
Central Bank of Poland to be outright
fraudsters and criminals so thank you
Bitcoin and Central Bank of Poland now
has no credibility well in the second
half we have a really special guest that
I'm really excited to find out who it is
stay tuned don't go away we'll see you
bet
welcome back to the cars report I'm Max
Keiser time now to turn to one of
America's pre-eminent journalists a
follower of the new journalism school
talked about by Tom Wolfe I think going
back to the 70s Matt Taibbi how's it
going max very good thanks for being on
the show and as I make that comparison
to the new journalism of the school new
journalism because at that time just as
a quick digression here this idea that
the truth versus facts and facts can be
kind of plain and don't necessarily give
the truth and writers like yourself that
are gifted with the language can offer a
truth that is transcendent and we saw
this in your writing for Rolling Stone
and talked about Goldman Sachs and you
galvanized people's imagination with the
vampire squid that's a great turn of
phrase I mean I'm really put into
context what this is all about and now
and subsequently with your books and
your articles you've continued in that
vein bringing really good journalism to
the fore and so let's get into what
you've been talking about recently Trump
has a new Nuclear Posture review the NPR
you'd never know it watching cable news
but you write that this NPR shows that
the president and the people around and
believe in the usability of nuclear
weapons talk about this right yeah one
of the main features of the president's
new Nuclear Posture review is this idea
that they should completely revamp our
nuclear arsenal and they should focus on
more flexibility in our nuclear approach
by which the essentially they mean they
want to design nuclear weapons that have
a smaller payload like a her Ashima size
payload so that they can countenance the
use of nuclear weapons without
completely destroying humanity which is
crazy
basically because anybody who's in the
scientific community will tell you that
a very very limited exchange of nuclear
weapons like potentially destroys the
entire world Freud environmental reasons
but the the Trump posture here pretty
much says this openly and it got almost
no press in this country because there's
only ones that story in this country and
it's you know Trump's ongoing
scandals right the ongoing Trump scandal
they Russia Gate story right you know
this is interesting you know I guess
part and parcel with what you're talking
about here is that you know the end of
the Cold War featured with Reagan and
Gorbachev some some agreements between
the two countries to scale back on
atomic weaponry and there was an
agreement not to go east with NATO and
there was a date aunt and there was rip
rosh mole and there was peace in the
valley and that lasted for a while but
then apparently there's been heating up
recently the Cold War is back I guess
because it does start a new question and
how do you how did that for people say
how did this Cold War end up becoming a
hot again like what triggered that in
your view I think it's it's a variety of
factors going back to what you were
saying you know it's amazing to think
that even at the at the very peak of the
Cold War when Reagan was calling the
Soviet Union an evil empire and you know
Gorbachev was this isn't the pre
perestroika days that they were coming
up with agreements like start and salt
and and because even at the time when
they were most motivated financially
politically ever in every respect to
keep building and clear weapons they
knew that it was a bad policy they had a
number of near misses both sides did
over the years and all the way up
through 2011 and 2012 Russia and America
continually worked to kind of scale back
the nuclear arsenal at the height of the
Cold War there was an idea to scale back
an atomic weaponry because it was so
crazy yes right both countries realizes
you know mutualist destruction was
assured if we went down this path and
they were but that somehow that got
flipped now and now there's this idea
under Trump the current posturing is
that actually atomic weapons it's
acceptable if you scale if you do them
in this right and waves roll them out in
a small Nick so it goes it repudiates
that entire line of thinking yes so that
sounds very very dangerous right and
your sense not being covered because the
mainstream media seems focused is
elsewhere so talk a little bit about I
guess how dangerous is it I mean you've
done the work on it so what are we
talking about here
how what what level of danger are we at
well I mean I talked about this before
the election with Trump the one thing if
you know when you're thinking about
Donald Trump getting elected potentially
this is a person who has almost no
attention span who who acts almost
before he thinks he tweets he bypasses
his entire staff to go do things he
speaks directly to the public this is an
extremely impulsive individual and he
starts things with other countries
potentially you know but when through
tweets or whatever this is the worst
case scenario is it's an early use of
nuclear weapons the one thing you would
want to make sure of if he got elected
was that this question was paid
attention to constantly and it's not I
mean we the he is with his various
kerfuffles with North Korea and with
this Nuclear Posture review he's made
you know the kind of the world was
significantly more dangerous place but
we're not paying as much attention to it
as we probably should I think this this
is the one area where everybody should
be keeping an eye on Trump constantly
how would you see overall so far in the
Trump era what was been kind of the
biggest surprises for you so far in the
first year now that he's been in office
the first thing I would say is that I
expected this huge reckoning within the
Democratic Party after after the loss I
mean the day after Trump got elected my
first thought was wow they're gonna look
back and say how can we lose this guy
and say we have to completely rethink
how we do business and and overhaul
their entire apparatus and that didn't
happen and with what we instead have is
where we're kind of stuck in a kind of
Perpetual 2016 this sort of Russia gate
scandal has kept us sort of frozen in
time
continually relitigated all the issues
of that election season and Trump
Trump's administration has essentially
been frozen in place by this one
overarching crisis that that has
dominated the news dominated his
presidency dominated politics I mean it
everything has coming back to this one
story and it's been it's been amazing
and
and strange to watch you know you're a
shrewd observer of the media and you
write about it and you're part of it and
I want to get your comment on something
cuz it seems like something that
remarkable has happened you know thirty
years ago in Texas on public access
cable a little-known guy named Alex
Jones started forecasting and he became
very big and before the 2016 kicked off
for Trump he visited the Alex Jones and
and kind of kicked off his campaign and
a lot of people would put Alex Jones in
the camp of a conspiracy theorist and
someone who is constantly you know
bending the the facts to suit a
narrative that it's so may consider wild
but then you look at cable TV and like a
Rachel Maddow who's number one in cable
today and she now sounds exactly like
Alex Jones she's got nothing but
conspiracy theories so we Alex Jones has
become the de facto model for news in
America right what do you think of that
observation and what does that tell us
I think you're you're right on I mean I
might not characterize ritual exactly
that way but but you know the I saw this
coming in the summer of 2016 that there
was a very very sharp polarization that
was going on within the media community
people we were reporters were talking
about it they were discussing the idea
that we had to become more actively
partisan that Trump was so much of a
threat that we had to quote-unquote do
more to to prevent his presidency and so
like the kind of old-school boring third
person let's recite the newest
dispassionately version of journalism
just vanished from the landscape and now
everything has gravitated towards what
you you know what you're exactly right
it's the Alex Jones model it's this sort
of fulminating anger inducing a kind of
rhetoric that is very very popular it
makes a lot of money and also I mean
this is a key factor in the one thing
that people forget about the Trump
presidency is that he's making the media
a fortune I mean CNN made a billion
dollars last year and that the media has
has been looking at declining fortunes
for decades now but as soon as Trump
came along he sees made us all a lot of
money and
and I think that is affected coverage
tremendously
leading up to the campaign you know over
the CB s in the way broadcast an empty
podium waiting for Trump you know he
would say this guy is probably very
dangerous I'm paraphrasing but
nevertheless he's making us lots of
money so the media you know that famous
movie the you know the tail wagging the
dog with Dustin Hoffman talking about
the campaign and they kind of cooking up
of the camp of the paranoid
schizophrenic kind of crazy schemes to
get people in office and the media had
that Dustin Hoffman playing a movie
producer to concoct this story and so
that's become the go-to scenario now
it's just all this fake news what do you
think about this phrase fake news like
what does that mean exactly yeah it's
it's interesting because one of the
problems is the entire kind of modern
system of commercial media is designed
to make fake news or something like fake
news viable it's financially viable to
do to do short blasts of angry
rhetorical journalism right increasingly
every single year we see more and more
people are getting all their information
from mobile devices not just tablets now
but especially phones so what people are
looking for is something they can see on
their phone and watch for like 10 or 15
seconds or 30 seconds and the stuff
that's really really popular is Alex
Jones style journalism that's the stuff
that really really works it or this
medium and so it's these little memes
little little you know sensational
headlines that's what everybody's trying
to do is like the click bait and right
now you right typically as a piece of
Rolling Stones is about 3,000 words for
an ounce more yeah 6,000 words on a
tweet it doesn't fit in a tweet yeah I
know it's a Twitter friendly environment
and you know people like me were
dinosaurs in the business you know every
generation says that the the political
divide in America seems to grow sharper
and sharper but you know this generation
you know I was watching this group of
you know the students in Florida who
have been now tragically gunned down and
they they're they seem like they're
motivated now they're coming out and
saying you know you're threatening us
we're fighting for our lives like the
generational divide at this particular
moment seems really
sharpest has been in a long long time
here how would you think what's your
thoughts on that I think we're becoming
more polarized than ever for sure but
the this you're right this next
generation the younger generation the
millennial generation and younger
they're more politically active in a
specific way then maybe my generation
was in other words we went we had the
60s then we went into like the 80s was a
very go Kirara Reaganesque
Top Gun was a big movie right and others
jingoistic and then we went to a very
heavy pop phase like pop became like the
prevailing cultural norm what mixed in
with a little hip-hop but now I mean
seems like we're all the way back to
maybe the Kent State days these kids are
like you're trying to kill us
yeah we don't want to get killed you
know is that a possibility it's really
interesting because I think in in in my
generation right the kids in my
generation grew up listening to our
parents who were sixties kids and they
had a more ironic take on everything
right like they're you know their
parents have been incredibly earnest you
know fighters for causes and then they
of course grew up and went into business
and and their kids saw them as kind of
phonies and fakers and they had this
kind of jaded ironic take on everything
which is why you know the eighties and
nineties were a generation that was
really ripe for like stand-up comedy and
humor and offbeat
satire like spy magazine that kind of
thing and now we're the pendulum is
swinging back the other way I think this
next generation is looking at my
generation and saying you guys didn't
take politics seriously enough you left
us with with idiots like Trump in office
and and now we have to get serious and
clean up your mess and I and I think
that's what's coming is a new wave of
kind of earnestness and seriousness and
and anger and snark might be dead yeah
it might be dead irony is dying
absolutely all right cool
well that's gonna do it for this edition
of the cosmic arts me Max Keiser has
Stacy who ever like to think I guess
Matt Taibbi if you're gonna reach us on
twitter it's Kaiser report into next
time my Elle
you
