previously on great American pilgrimage
what's the name of the organization blue
Reapers know something
okay what's your sweat all about
operation delta tog well why can't we
get a barge and put this RV on the barge
and take it right out in the middle of
Boston Harbor
is that crazy ah what hey everybody I'm
Stephen Baldwin gosh I look fantastic
Hollywood guy usual suspects my favorite
movie proud American first of all I'm
just as George Washington assurance and
RV enthusiast uncle Steve this is my
buddy max famous financial guru and well
he's a little bit different last but not
least my larger-than-life Pomerania an
aspiring star real with all the drama
happening in our great country I'm
hitting the road to have some fun
I mean everyday Americans forward
what's America to you our ancestors
suffered the most and see how things got
so crazy I was naked completely naked he
bit my finger to hopefully start to
bridge the gap this is the great
American pilgrimage
time and money are winding down on the
pilgrimage so our heroes have pulled off
to an undisclosed parking lot to meet a
representative from - to see if he can
help further sponsor their great ideas I
was in Vegas like I normally am and
playing blackjack I was up like 87,000
and with the show's budget nearly run
dry max's anxiety has caused him to
start smoking
yeah let's count the cards a second in a
second all right how are you Steven good
to see you Chuck right yeah that's right
mornin brother
come right in past me right there that's
why I can close this door oh wow I see
you next to me right over here oh man
this is fantastic so this is the old -
RV
we've come a cross-country one of the
coolest freakin things about - it's that
they already had an extremely charitable
pay-it-forward
give back type mentality and very
serendipitously
we were interviewing a Vietnam veteran
and these biker guys come out from
called the blue Reapers and they're all
veterans and one gal has this hoodie
sweater on it says Operation Delta Dogs
it rescues dogs that need to be rescued
then trains them in how to be a service
dog and then they give the service dogs
to veterans in need I mentioned these
guys I said we want to try to meet you
guys tomorrow so we can give them a
donation so I was hoping can I say it go
for it
5 G's
I might leave it's possible um I think
it's something that the masternode
network would support but I can't make
that assumption right so that proposal
goes up to the masternodes absolutely
and then they vote on it if they like it
and it seems like a good worthwhile
project then they give it the okay and
it's done it's funded like they did for
this project right after asking for
money for a good cause Stephen and Max
turned to a more selfish endeavor you're
a smart fella and we need funds for a
barge but he's right he's very serious
we need to put this RV on a barge and
put it out into the middle of Boston
Harbor in celebration of that revolution
well I think it's a great idea you've
got - Brandon all over this why not put
it in front of the master nose to see
what they think about it if you have any
information as to who and what a master
note is please let us know
all kidding aside we'll be the next
steps to find out if the node dudes
people could communicate with us so that
we can connect back with chuck tomorrow
on an answer well I know a guy
with our heroes now in search for more
money they head to a local airport to
meet another - hmm is this the
masternode
we're like two Charlie's Angels of -
this is incredible
hey I got a phone call what the heck am
I doing here nope no masternode here
just a pilot who's as confused as us
Stephen Baldwin your name Scott
Farnsworth oh god it seems a little bit
obvious you're not fooling around
brother no no man I got a phone call and
get up here now I'm just wondering what
we're doing up here we could sit down
grab a coffee want to share it an
opportunity whether you see what you
think can't wait to hear about it
awesome sounds good follow me let's go
hear about it you got it fellas welcome
to the official RV here and we got your
mode of transportation behind you that's
right I think mine's a little bit faster
- hot dog well we ran into a really cool
motorcycle organization we just heard
Stevens pitch let's just fast forward to
the good part shall we the name of -
here's five grand I like that
okay one pitch down one more to go you
saying I have to bring a barge - that's
a pretty big ask I mean the best we can
do is submit it to the Dow and run it up
the flagpole and see how it see if it
gets voted on and passed how about in
the meantime I rounded up the flagpole
with the - folks is it possible for you
sir to take that man up in the sky in
that plane right now that I can
guarantee we can do max well thank you
guys appreciate you have appreciate it
you got it
pleasure max max left shall we yeah
you're with me a lot Max is going up
into the wild blue young I feel the need
the need for speed
yeah buddy so let's do this thing so fun
number-one rule yeah don't puke in my
plane all right look in the bag all
right we'll keep this handy I guess
you've got Scott's plane can you have a
flight of the Valkyries playing
well you guys - have been amazing all
along and in fact maxes up in the -
fighter jet with Scott right now having
a blast
I'm gonna front the donation for 5,000
from great American pilgrimage but on
behalf of - digital cash as well because
you guys are our partners so we can do
that and then hopefully we'll see that
come back around with the - community
sound good
wonderful thank you so much
good times it's all good
just still dangerous you can be my
wingman anytime buddy smash 2.0 come on
over it's got the pilot of the century
well thanks again Scott appreciate it
come on over here guys we got these
fellas here from the blue Reapers
yeah and operation Delta dawg right
we're gonna say hello to them it's going
to a wire here
hey guys how you doing how's it going
well thanks for coming back over great
see you again good to see you thank you
very much
nice to see you how you doing good
you guys already met max I don't know if
you met Scott you guys meet you good to
have you here nice so very rarely do I
get the opportunity to maybe kind of
sort of once in a while back up my big
mouth do you guys ride some really cool
gnarly big machines we figured from our
friends at - digital cache we bring in
our own heavy artillery so guys thanks
for coming back today on behalf of great
American pilgrimage and - digital cache
I told you we were gonna try to see if
we could increase that donation well
here's a check for $5,000 this probably
isn't the first time Stephens given
money to a biker gang I mean motorcycle
club we wanted to make that donation on
our behalf and let them know we're
really grateful for everything they do
and you guys in your service we greatly
appreciate that this is substantial and
greatly appreciated
thank you very much Steven bless you
guys we'll be in touch thanks guys take
it easy okay thank you thank you let's
head out boys
yeah be funny if we dressed up as
Pilgrims and talked to people I would be
brilliant yeah this point I'll just be
lucky if I get a barge after finding
money for Delta Dogs and still no word
from the masternodes about the money for
the barge Steven and Max decide to visit
Plymouth Plantation a living history
museum that attempts to replicate the
original settlement of the Plymouth
Colony
good afternoon afternoon welcome thank
you were we're on a pilgrimage here
today in search of the pilgrims
Plantation would you like to take a seat
these are black bear skins sure go ahead
max all right like a like a sleigh ride
welcome to whopping our territory Wow
Wow what is that well you open up people
of the people who lived here in the
southeastern Massachusetts along Cape
Cod in those shores the other ones who
helped welcome the pilgrims when they
first came here their name Wabanaki
means people of the first light or first
on the eastern people so the minute the
Sun came up that's really what their
their name means right
today in 2017 there are about five to
seven thousand but at their highest they
could have been as many as a hundred two
hundred and forty thousand Wow 2017 you
said 2017 yes uh-huh
are you part of this contemporary world
or are you part of the ancient Native
American world in the open on home site
at polar plantation we talked to people
just as we're talking today we're
actually native people so we don't play
roles in the village the pilgrim Village
that's where they play roles and I'll
take you guys there next I get it makes
sense to me let's go
you got a bit wonderful Wow two movie
spooks in one episode little woodsy so
no open up home say well we represent
there it's Olive Wahpeton culture and
that lived outside the program oh it's
after the sighting of the tree in 1621
so in our homes that we talk about our
history we have the houses there
actually constructing us a house right
now at the home site a 30 foot house
beautiful
so this is an older house it's about
twelve years old just around it is the
brand-new house that we're constructing
this one would be for about 15 people 15
people
we made houses like this large enough to
put 50 or 60 people five or six families
I went our homes so it would be over a
hundred feet long made out of tree bark
like this I know how many seasons will
this last
this house will last about ten years
before it needs to be replaced is this
all done by the same methods that have
been used you know throughout history
absolutely we peel the bark in the
spring mm-hmm we get the poles so it's
made out of cedar saplings for the frame
and then the roof covering is all poplar
bark I'll take you around so you can see
the babies
so this is the recreation of the 1624
English village in the time period it
did face down towards the water like
this beautiful view lower Wow
incredible Wow max unbelievable we've
made it now we're home it's incredible
I'm gonna give you a ride in there man
pretty say I don't trouble fur
please keep in mind these people never
break character good afternoon
Oh welcome my brother welcome to the
tone I'm Steven and my friend max were
on a pilgrimage oh well yes that's very
good I am good wife Elizabeth Holland
well Matt it's a wondrous that you've
come to this place indeed you have a
whole one in your family right ancestors
I think your cousin to my husband you
two kin to us why do max in this woman
know more about Steven's ancestry than
he does yes welcome to the tone over
here came to my husband you you really
aren't dressed very properly please wait
here for a moment
she sure seems nice enough
she also sells seashells by the seashore
now first of all there that had really a
very unusual habit excellent eye now
we've got to have you properly dressed
here's a quote for you thank you thank
you so much oh now you look someone with
the name Holland excellent I'm just
going to put this aside thank you
welcome to the Tony to come here to
settle right now we're just trying to
figure out you know the real estate you
know there's no estate here master shall
I tell you about this place I understand
why you think that because there are so
many estates in England and of course
you cannot own any land unless you're
born into it but here this is a very
unusual opportunity because we may
acquire land simply by working for it
when did you arrive
we arrived in near 1620 my father began
to feel that the way that we were
worshipping in England was not as God
desired in Scripture hmm and it angered
the king quite greatly under the Sui and
many other families that had to leave
England on 66 days later we arrived at
Cape of God
started to build our houses Christmas
Day so if I can ask you were in pursuit
of religious expression religious
freedom is that correct freedom of
religion is is not necessarily what I
wanted but I wanted freedom to follow
God in the way that we believed that God
wanted us to and King James he said we
could have our church here because you
have the freedom indeed its wondrous
good well I would like to bestow some
information that you may find shocking
but we are on a pilgrimage as well by
welcome and this pilgrimage is from the
future that direction can we there you
travel from the past into the future and
I welcome you here yay yes but in this
case we have summoned upon cosmic powers
to enlighten us in to embark upon us a
pilgrimage and a journey through time
and space all right master
I will pray for you but you're welcome
here regardless okay do not speak too
loudly over to other people because it
does sound a bit queer so you know how
can we you know could convince you that
in fact we are at this time traveling
entity don't bother max they never break
character oh look at this do you
understand have you do you recognize
that night it's very blue why queer
gorgeous don't be frightened
well I see you got some flame there
excellent that it could be careful now
there you are you gonna burn yourself
yes so that makes you flame very good it
looks like it's sort of a flint it looks
very much like what we make all right
that didn't impress you how about this
look at this right here look at this
look at this crazy thing you know master
I think there is nothing that that thing
can do that I need told you max they
aren't gonna budge hey um what's in the
basket next door oh those this is a game
I was bringing out for my children but
adults play at all so it is call it 9
pin you show us of course I wanna thank
you know it is good to play games as
long as you have spent enough time
working I because recreation is very
good for one sure overmuch recreation
perhaps not so understanding that you
have worked very hard on your pilgrimage
to come here we will entertain ourselves
with it
I saw 9 pin we set them up three by
three on two there are your nine pens
right here is your bowl thank you i if
you knock down one Pandit is one point
if you knock down two pins did your
points we're not sure Stephen is
following along okay I think I can do
this I think you can master
now do I roll it if you wish throw it
you may do any of them gonna use my
heart I would prefer not it's very
expensive cars chicken just give it a go
certainly
very good well done master indeed
gambling is forbidden though right of
course it is forbidden about any level
nevertheless I'll bet you a wild turkey
for the nine things Wow just between you
and us our packet no indeed it is
between you and me in golden have a lot
bit me fair enough
step right up hey you know wearing these
different clothes some Canadian god
bless you sir
well done indeed and two points have you
both thank you so much you have made our
visit here during this time of our
pilgrimage extra-special so thank you so
much a wonderful afternoon
very grateful that you've come to the
tone perhaps you should speak to one of
the men in the town ask him things that
men discuss with that like you well
please I think master Hopkins he would
be an excellent person for you to speak
to wonderfully well Matt very unusual
man named max no kiss on the cheek no
oil all right then thank you thank you
yes certainly welcome welcome how are
you today
I'm well sir and yourself wonderful
Steven Baldwin is my name Steven Hopkins
is mine look at that welcome mr. Baldwin
max max hazard associate Max Keiser hey
we're here today because we're on a
pilgrimage well you come to the right
place I suppose we're all pilgrims come
here have a seat rest ourselves pilgrims
we've got a bit of a time-warp going on
because we're actually pilgrims from the
future from the future well I trust that
the future will hold such as you your
original pilgrimage resulted in
something called America no boats indeed
what this area is called although this
is this part of it is called New England
New England became something bigger
became a land from sea to shining sea to
take the ideals of the pilgrims across
the entire nation even as a single light
may guide thousands yes we want to know
whether the ideals of the pilgrims have
kept up we've been on our own journey
started out west they came to see you to
see whether the original pilgrimage was
intact
we have been tried in many many ways
here we've been tried with great
mortality in the first few months who
were here in harsh weather and harsh
conditions threats of war unscrupulous
business partners faction among
ourselves at times hmm harsh weather
threats of war unscrupulous businessmen
and a faction people sounds like not
much has changed like so and 14 months
have we stood at the brink and moved
into the pit your wishes for our
longevity have faced our deals is
commendable man thank you that's very
encouraging so you overcame the
challenges the pitfalls and I think we
found that along the way that there's
still that hearty American spirit yeah
pleased of love to hear of your good
wishes and the idea that you would keep
this all alive what is in America here
what does it mean to you the colony the
colony well it's a beginning I mean even
as this is well let's say a three-year
old colony I'll think perhaps you have a
son that's that's age because he
strongly new is he wiser than you a lot
probably not but dear rising up properly
he can put even in time so past the
father this New England and thanks to
you America continues to be a place of
freedom and opportunity and prosperity
and happiness so thank you for that
thank you well sir if it would be
acceptable to you I would love for you
to take a Max Keiser my gift
what do you know drop me off in the past
there's no Wi-Fi here for number one
yeah okay I can't get any good coffee
here in the settlement
and this is horrible idea terrible
terrible idea they're really just carry
me oh now don't do this to me
there must be something in here and
there must be something in this point
this campus will max make it back to our
time will Steven ever get his barge will
these people ever break character will
we ever find out what a master note is
these in all other lose storyline
questions answered on the next great
American pilgrimage next time on the
great American pilgrimage
what about my Bart's what the barge for
the pilgrimage to the RV for the Boston
Tea Party oh yeah well the barrel rolls
are fantastic cuz you're upside down
we've got a panoramic do and it's like
the heavens and the sky and the earth is
opening up I mean I really had a
rapturous moment there's fantastic you
know compared to the barrel roll we did
in the RV where we went like over three
or four times into that ditch and
everything went flying and the microwave
hit somebody in the head they've taken
the hospital I mean that was pretty
crazy stuff you know this is a lot
easier
