plushies have broken out in Milan police
there have stepped in to break up a
student protest against this Center
right leg and North Party and its
anti-immigration platform
the unrest started on Friday in Pisa and
Turin and I spread to other Italian
cities lega Nord the main focus of the
Younger held its own rally in Milan on
Saturday to the country's general
election takes place next weekend and we
spoke to Marco bassani
professor of politics at the University
of Milan he doesn't expect tensions to
come any time soon we tend to explain a
lot of things with unemployment but and
the economic crisis but there's all
there's another story the story is that
there is a growing in this country there
is a growing with legitimate Asian of
the radicals any kind of radicals you
know it came from the economic crisis
some didn't in due time I don't think
that Italy can go on like this there are
too many differences between the north
the south and nobody addresses the real
policies that to change that you know
they could change the situation
government spending goes up Boren goes
up the national debt is out of control
and nobody talks even talks about the
real issues
