what you just heard was part of a poetry
competition that was organized in South
West Germany by a council as part of an
anti racism initiative the entry you
heard was by Miriam Miller the
fourteen-year-old daughter of a
right-wing German politician her
controversial entry provoked this
reaction in the hall well despite that
reaction she was disqualified from the
competition in fact there were boos when
a different winner was announced there
has been backlash though her mother the
alternative for Germany MP Nicole Coker
said that their house had been dogged
and spray-painted with Nazi slurs this
type of reaction to a teenager's poetry
isn't surprising in Germany right now
the political divide in the country
hasn't been this prominent in recent
times in fact we've seen a number of
right-wing demonstrations across the
country that were really sparked into
existence following the stabbing to
death of a 35 year old German man in the
city of chemnitz the two main suspects
in custody a to asylum applicants one
from Iraq and one from Syria
and all of this has played into the
hands of the anti-migrant alternative
for Germany party when they entered
Parliament just over a year ago in 2017
with just less than 13% of the vote they
weren't really expected to build on that
too much beyond sets go we've just heard
tectonic shifts and earthquake
it looks like the CDU will be electing a
chancellor but they lost dramatically is
it a bitter loss no victory it's it's a
break in our democracy for the first
time in 70 years we have a nationalistic
right-wing populist party partially
reflecting Nazi ideology in Parliament
it is no surprise that AFD has grown
stronger the shock for everyone is how
much stronger it has become fast forward
to now in the polls show that almost one
in five Germans is on site with
alternative for Germany the most recent
polls showing that they would take over
18 percent of the vote of an election
was held today coming only second to the
union of the CDU and CSU headed up by
Angela Merkel dissatisfaction with
Angela Merkel's government is reasonably
high here in Germany but what these
recent polls show is that if an election
was to be held tomorrow
well the Chancellor wouldn't have enough
votes to put together the current
coalition government a considerable
minority among the German population has
lost its trust into the Christian
Democratic urine into the Social
Democratic Party into the established
politics and media system voting for the
FT is mostly or even completely and
emotionally driven voting those who vote
for the AFT simply want to declare we
have lost trust in the it's established
political parties we want to punish them
and the most severe punishment for the
political establishment is voting for
the AFT and this is how things are going
on in Germany right now
you
