many Social Democrats are giving party
members the final say on whether to
enter a coalition with Chancellor
Merkel's Conservatives but the
best-selling newspaper there called
build has pulled a stunt to highlight
the problem of giving a relatively small
group of people so much sway over the
country's future by registering a dog as
a voting member and that's caused
something of a stir as Peter Oliver
explains it's almost certainly not the
sound byte top german social democrat
andrea NOS expected to be having to give
to the press this week it came after the
newspaper Bild registered at pooch named
Lima as a member of the SP dare stating
her name gender occupation and age in
dog years they received a party card
saying she was in the only reason that
this is anything more than a hilarious
mistake by the Social Democrats is that
it's their party members that will get
to decide on a coalition with Angela
Merkel's Conservatives and no vote in
that ballot well that could see fresh
elections here in Germany people who
wish to manipulate the vote and a grand
coalition through criminality could do
just the same and that is what forced
the Social Democrats into making their
some more embarrassing canine climbdown
and prodded me to enlist the help of my
own four-legged friends Zappa and Luna
to help canvass what Berlin ins pooches
and some of the humans they brought with
them thought this whole thing
so I'm you know do you think
Peter Oliver party
