no Newsweek magazine has retracted an
article that described how Russian BOTS
were allegedly used to target a
Democratic senator from Minnesota
forcing him to resign the American
publication based its story on a blog by
an activist group called unhak the vote
the group exclaimed that a sexual
misconduct scandal involving senator Al
Franken was cooked up by fake Twitter
accounts based in Russia but Newsweek
later admitted that was untrue and it
seems some media outlets are eager to
break stories of Russian trolls no
matter how dubious the sources are
earlier this week Germany's Bild
newspaper reported an email exchange
between a German politician and a
suppose at Russian agent who is offering
his services to swing public opinion in
Germany the tabloid based its article on
what turned out to be a prank staged by
a satirical magazine dear Kevin I'm Yuri
I'd like to talk to you about supporting
your no grow coke campaign thanks for
your mail Jay already told me to expect
a mail from you but just to be sure
could you name me J's favorite beverage
as you can certainly understand this as
a delicate matter mio mio mart a ginger
dear Yuri perfect that's a relief so
what can you offer me basically we can
offer you everything an opinion campaign
with bots against shorts social bots on
Twitter and Facebook or even a targeted
Facebook advertising campaign we knew
how to think like an build editor and
what we did was we came up with a story
that was tacky and like a spy movie and
we had a good feeling that this would
work when there's a story like that for
four built they don't care about details
it's only interesting if the story is
good political writer Dan Glazebrook
told us the use of shaky sources is
becoming standard practice in mainstream
journalism when a long-established rule
really of Western journalism that their
usual procedures of fact-checking and
inaccuracy and vetting sources and so on
all go out the window and it
comes to Russia a kind of concept of
astroturfing astroturfing has become
absolutely standard practice now across
all corporations do it you know
astroturf in basically using social
media to promote a sort of fake
grassroots campaign in support of a
product or a political policy or a party
or whatever and that's sad because it's
very important sometimes we're living in
a very complex and it's there's a need
for sophisticated journalism that is not
just banging on on one side or the other
there's a need for a real sophisticated
grasp of the complexities of
developments and it doesn't help to
develop that sophistication when there
are these kind of stories muddying the
waters so many governments are involved
in this so it's no surprise that new
sites fall for the fall for this
