I have the honor to interview Alistair
crook he is a former EU diplomat and
founder and director of conflicts forum
and we discuss the Middle East
Alistair welcome to Moscow and thank you
for talking with with RT let's start out
with Syria the conflict has been going
on almost seven years now part of that
conflict has come to an end with the
almost complete defeat of Isis and its
affiliate allies in that country
primarily proxies now this conflict is
changing how is it different
what's this conflict about as opposed to
the formal one you know it it really is
quite tragic because Syria was slowly
coming to a conclusion and coming to an
end and a political end with a political
solution that was going to very likely
emerge from Sochi and these other
standard processes going on and now
suddenly we have new wars and we have a
new episode you use the plural wars wars
explain we've got three at least Wars
the the internal war is slowly going the
war against the jihadist is winding down
Syria's had a big success in it live
which I always thought was going to be
much more difficult but in practice it's
almost finished so we should be moving
directly towards a political situation
instead of which we have first of all
America deciding to have a permanent
base in Northeast of Syria on 30% off
Syria why do they want that it's nothing
to do with putting pressure on Assad to
get a better constitutional agreement or
whatever there's something quite
different about that it's a very
aggressive positioning using the Kurds
is it even though the Kurds are not a
majority in this part of Syria or at all
they're actually no more than 30% in
that book maybe a majority in our
friends the 25% of the country yeah yeah
30 or 40 maybe but a lot of the country
there and really what this is about
is is first of all simply to deny
President Putin a political solution to
Syria in advance so your sections here
this is spite is this what it is is this
the politics the diplomacy or a military
doctrine of spite viii you could call it
that or you'd say it's the policy of the
lowest common denominator which is to
stop Assad or Putin having a political
victory from Syria of being if you like
winning or maybe it's just a policy of
not knowing what else to do know it's
been a very clear and deliberate policy
by CENTCOM who act as viceroys in this
area the colonel in charge of it axes a
Viceroy in this area it's a very
deliberate policy to deny the territory
and they say this is care to try and
build it up economically and it's not a
short-term thing to do with Astana
because if you look at the defense
estimates for 2019 not this year but the
following year you'll find 550 million
earmarked for the Kurdish forces that
the Americans you said Wars 3 just did
ok one more there the the second war of
course is Turkey has come in to a friend
and says it's going to go all the way
across the border than the border of
Turkey right up to the Iranian border
past the north and Euphrates to there
and to clear out all of what they call
the Kurdish terrorists there along that
border but in the middle of this there's
an American roadblock called man Beach
sitting straight in the middle of the
road that the Turks are going to go take
and the Americans say we're not budging
and and the texts say we're going anyway
in that 30 hours the two most important
NATO allies in the entire alliance
exactly and the rhetoric in Turkey is is
really heating up very strong very
nationalists very anti-american very
strongly everyone and not only they say
they're going to go and we don't care
but there's also conflict with the
Syrian government forces now the Turks
have put their positions in an Italy
almost to block the Syrian army from
completing their operations
part of it is legal in the sense that
it's part of the deescalate zone but you
know this is also politics - your
politics of Turkey trying to to block it
and now we have an agreement which seems
it's a formal agreement between the
Kurds and the Syrian government that
Syria will come in and take over the
Efrain area and the curve and the Turks
are saying no we're going to becae
Jeffrey so there is a real risk now that
not only that can be if you like a war
in the Northeast either with the Syrian
forces or between with Syrian forces or
Russian forces in the northeast but a
conflict between the Turks and the
Americans and a conflict or both between
the Turks and the Syrian armed forces
well and then we have Israel which has
been bombing regularly Syria during this
period and as you know very well last
Saturday there was the incident where we
were that close to a war very very close
to the war with the shooting down of an
f-16 not only an f-16 but the most
sophisticated F since it's been reported
that President Putin and Prime Minister
Netanyahu had a conversation and was
quite heated we don't know what the
contents of that were but I I tend to
agree with you it was very close to the
line right there the escalation was
necessary but it's also showing force
okay I mean it's also debated to what
degree Syria took the initiative to
defend itself over uh over the years
have been a hundred and incursions from
Israel over its sovereign territory and
that plane went down so it is upping the
stakes here oh I think it's quite clear
that this was a strategic decision
probably not only by Syria but perhaps
by Syria and its allies to make a new
redline after Israel kept if you like
not only disrupting but disrupting any
political process in Syria by these
methods - I don't think they were doing
that much damage to - to Syrian from
what I understand but it was but it was
an effort to show Israeli force to show
that they had the ability to overfly now
what is critical in this and what is
very obvious is that the air defense of
Syria is totally unified and integrated
with the Russian system it carries a
Russian flag on it it's not just a
Syrian flag so clearly when they were
flying firing what they described as a
bouquet of 27 surface-to-air missiles at
the Israeli aircraft coming in you know
the Russians knew all about it I'm not
saying there was permission or they not
it but they didn't they didn't take
action against platers that year you've
talked about they're not the bluffing
type I mean particularly the Turks
everyone has put on invested an enormous
amount he came there's not a lot of
wiggle room for him here okay Assad you
know well his great swaths of his
country are still under foreign
occupation here the United States is
there almost no one of all the parties
we mentioned wants the United States
right there and then we have two other
countries we haven't talked very much
about Lebanon and Iran you know I think
this is I mean I think precisely this
was the aim of mr. Putin's talk with the
Israeli prime minister to say listen you
know okay you may have your interests
your security we hear that but you don't
mess up Syria that's our security
interest that's Russian security
interest okay not just as that we want a
stable Syria and we want a stable
Lebanon and you can't just send in
planes every week to bomb the country
and disrupt the political process in
this way it's unacceptable and I think
this was a message that was delivered
both physically and by telephone to the
Prime Minister but it's a very
strategically huge message because
Israel depends entirely on air
superiority overwhelmingly oh no totally
I mean the army they made a decision
after the 2006 war that they couldn't
put boots on the ground in Lebanon let
alone in Syria for more than six days I
mean they would not be possible to do
this so air superiority is crucial do
they have it now I don't know do they
have it in Lebanon maybe no but it's
been tested that's for sure it's been
tested and now Israel has a huge
decision
do you actually accept that and digest
it and effectively say we are deterred
we are not able to use our military
force against the Arab we may be mortal
shift in it in its entire military
posture in the region cultural shift
they culturally have been used and
assimilated to the idea that they have
complete domination of all of their Arab
neighbors guys and that they have the
military right to use it and suddenly
they're being told well you know maybe
there's a problem with the you know
coming in and of course I mean you know
Putin's given his warning so the
Israelis also have to think I don't know
what missile was used I doubt it was an
S 200 but it could have been but what
also is there or as for hundreds who are
very potent russian surface-to-air
missiles now if they ignore mr. Putin's
message and say we're just going to take
it all out there's going to be problem
the Israelis claim to have taken out
most of the surface the air defenses of
Syria I don't believe in Gaza because as
I said it's an integrated system with
Russia it has a Russian flag on it
they're not going to take out Russia's
surface a defense system because it
would be unacceptable they know that so
they took out a control tower or
something like that but you know what do
they do next do they accept this do they
say well look the air defenses of Syria
and Lebanon only gonna get better in the
long term we must try and take an early
preemptive action to destroy them before
they become even better what are they
going to do are they going to say well
we have to just come to terms with a
reality much as we dislike it that we
have lost our abilities whenever we go
to the break accepting it it doesn't
seem part of their DNA I think
culturally almost impossible to accept
it I think they would try and find some
means to avoid a acceptance I think one
of them let me jump in here we're gonna
go to a short break and after that short
break we'll continue our discussion on
the Middle East stay with our tea
welcome back to our interview with
Alistair crook we're talking about the
Middle East
I listen before we went to the break we
were talking about the a cultural shift
and maybe a strategic shift in Israeli
thinking because of what's going on in
in Syria but it's always about Iran
it's always about Iran and I know that
you know it's an expert in the region
and there's a lot of bluster and the
rhetoric that comes out and you know you
have to kind of decipher it but we know
that Prime Minister Netanyahu's in
trouble politically domestically because
of corruption charges and allegations
and then we when we had this shoot down
of this Israeli plane the Israeli media
in the military talked about you know
these about Iranian depots and supplies
in Syria as if Syria really isn't even a
sovereign country here
how much is with this shift that you
were talking about and we have the Hawks
and the Pentagon in the White House when
it comes to around is there something
coming together right now that Iran is
always a target for these people is as
it moved up to another level yes I think
it's changed in a sense well I mean what
you're saying about Israel is absolutely
right but it's not a consensus and the
security establishment of Israel the
Prime Minister and his father before him
have been Iran Hulk's and everyone knows
it but the the the the security
establishment don't forget many of them
said afterwards and have said
subsequently when Trump became president
they said listen the jcpoa is an Israeli
interest is our interest so it's not
absolutely black and white in Israel but
where it is black and white is in the
circle of the White House where you have
Iran phobes from the head of the CIA to
the National Security Council I don't
know how it happened but Trump is
surrounded by people who believe Iran is
the source of all evil and of course
Netanyahu feeds us and is capable of
using us
of course we have in Saudi Arabia
another Iran phobic person and something
happened before this UN Security Council
meeting in in New York this summer
because there was a meeting and that Nia
who had a meeting with mr. Trump in the
next day he produced that extraordinary
diatribe against North Korea and against
Iran and labeled Iran is the source of
all evil
I imagine that somehow that Netanyahu
promised him an Israeli support for
action like this and then what happened
Saudi Arabia tried to contrive the
circumstances for an attack on Hezbollah
by forcing Saad Hariri the prime
minister of Lebanon to unwillingly Rita
and the security and the army of Israel
the dog didn't bark in the night they
didn't goes a lot of negative angular's
going on and here a lot of them and it's
a very toxic mix when it all comes
together you talked about Trump in his
generals he seems to have just kind of
abrogated his responsibilities to this
that's the impression I have because we
can we see Rex Tillerson the Secretary
of State
he's overruled even publicly quite often
when it comes to Cain went from North
Korea to Syria maybe even towards Iran
here I mean it seems like a very much a
a military foreign policy because we've
had these posture reviews come out
security defense but I'm not expecting a
diplomacy review to come out anytime
soon you know I mean people of talking
talking about caging the president and
containing him but in this respect I
think I don't think it was so unwilling
I think he likes it and you know he
keeps talking about my generals and I
think he actually I'm commander in chief
and these are my generals I mean there's
something that feeds into Trump's ego
he's literally feeding them with these
immense defense foods immense and they
feed him by saying America is got to be
respected and
America's Got to be powerful and he says
absolutely right you know this I agree
with so I think I think it's voluntary
what is particularly significant is the
move we've had from if you like the
Steve Bannon circle which were in a
different philosophical view who said
America has to be as America is
culturally it just drags out from
America but it also implied that Russia
could be Russia as it was and that was a
basis where you could have a foreign
policy we have now a group of generals
that are revisionist generals who
believe in fighting the Vietnam War to
prove that the Vietnam War was never
lost by the Americans in what we have
nikki Haley is there as their bullhorn
on the world stage I mean when it comes
to Israel when it comes to Iran I mean
this is she just perpetuates this this
echo chamber you have to see the
language who is very important in the
second statement to begin with Russia
and China were competitors and rival the
second statement there revisionist past
now that has a very specific meaning it
has a meaning that those paths will use
military force to undermine the status
quo the world order after the Second
World War
in other words it's saying Russia and
China or seditionist s-- against the
accepted global order or or just
challenging American hegemony in its
unipolar moment I'm giving a different
interpretation would be quite different
and then they go on to say so and these
seditionist stakin advantage of us so
we're gonna have to rebuild a whole
nuclear deterrence submarines missiles
new weapons and we're gonna build the
whole mutual assured destruction is
eroded more than its weight in a road
it's more than that because what we're
seeing is the blurring of the borderline
between nuclear war and non nuclear war
I mean when they talk about you know
using tactic occasionally using tactical
nuclear weapons on a conventional
conventional setting then where's the
border goes it becomes blurred and even
they've just given a contract for having
cruise missiles with nuclear weapons
well if you're a state and you know
people far cruise missiles how do you
know whether it's going to be nuclear
all going to be conventional it's a big
blurring of the whole prints message in
that in that posture is if you read it
rationally detect in a detached way it
is a justification for the United States
to use these weapons it's not a
deterrent to Russia in China it's
explicit right it's explicit in it that
it will use it and even that preempt
reaction is is possible where again
states that might be likely to acquire
nuclear weapon let's stay with this
posture here because it focused on
Russia China of course North Korea but
it almost in a dismissive way stop
talking about in remarkably considering
how these two words the war on terrorism
that has been degraded I mean it's a
term that was invented by the United
States yeah to wreak havoc unbelievable
havoc in the Middle East and beyond and
now they're walking away from it they
are and what and this is really I mean
what you're pointing to is really
significant because what we have in it's
dead and they are very explicit about
saying it these are forever Wars
generational wars our enemies we will
fight them by coin which is any means
information war cyber war any type of
ward regime change over a generation or
more and so Russia Iran isn't that isn't
a guarantee that there will be perpetual
Wars I mean just it's really quite
circular of course of course it does yes
you I mean and of course we already seen
Russia
reading this China reading it I'm not
you know I don't when I say war when it
comes to Iran I don't think there's
going to be hot for I think we're going
back to 2014 and there will be financial
sanctions will be attempts to undermine
it by counterinsurgency meth
and then there'll be financial war on
Russia as sanctions and on China
there will be tariff Wars China is the
one thing that they can bring everyone
together with in the Democratic
Republican Party everyone's agreed we
must have economic war on China we must
cut China down to size and of course it
means that there is no foreign policy
debate at all in the United States it is
really quite remarkable in 2003 when the
United States was about to illegally
invade Iraq there was a huge anti-war
movement now it's gone it's changed
gears during the Cold War it was a open
agreement between the United States and
the Soviet Union you don't kill each
other on the ground you can use proxies
all you want that's changed in Syria
they don't think a lot of people
understand that because there is every
reason to believe that the u.s. out of
self-defense that's the new
justification for regime change now
targeted Russian contractors and killed
them that's something that didn't happen
during the Cold War I think it's a you
you oh you're right it's a very serious
escalation and I think that it's likely
to to continue because Iran and Syria I
think have both made it certainly Iran
has made it explicit that I theAmerican
--zz do not leave voluntarily they will
be made to leave Syria they've said the
same about the American presence in Iraq
I think that in the northern part of the
Middle East there is a clear
determination I don't mean of a this is
a conspiracy I'm just saying there's a
clear consensus of view that the
American presence in Syria and in Iraq
is going to be disturbing to the
stability of the whole region we have
its upcoming in Istanbul we're going to
have
the Russians the Turks and the Iranians
now those three parties have their
differences when it comes to Syria but
they are all united on one issue you do
not want American presence illegal under
international law presence in Syria is
that enough to keep them together no I
mean it's call more complicated but I
think the relationship between Russia
and Iran although they're a long history
of disagreements but it is a real
strategic interest partly because of the
financial wall they need both Russia and
Iran need if you like commercial depth
in order to survive any sanctions that
have put on them so both of them benefit
from that and China is part of that axis
Turkey is more complicated more
complicated sometimes it seems to do
what was agreed in Astana sometimes
things don't seem to work out quite like
that sometimes it's not clear what their
ambitions are in Syria sometimes there's
a cooperation and at the moment when you
read the Turkish press you see they're
angry at the Americans they're angry at
the UAE they're angry at Syria they're
angry emotion functionality is that or
they just playing it on the fly I mean
cuz I agree with you I mean what's
turkey think today you know I don't know
we don't know because I I think one of
the great difficulty I mean everyone is
not predictable and you know Ottoman
language and Ottoman sentiments arising
and the people are with him let's make
no no doubts about this this he's got
that supportive and that's what worries
me is because this operation olive
branch of all names in meaning on
northern Syria he can pitch it as being
anti-american and he's his his base
loves it yes yes and also he's somehow
actually in a way managing to bring some
sort of togetherness between the secular
base and
the religious pious pace of Ahmadiyya
but he but he's killed creating a gilded
cage for himself as well cuz he has to
succeed alistair cooke that's all the
time we have it was wonderful timing
interview thank you very much keep
talking with our thank you for inviting
me thank you
