exactly four years since Ukraine's
President Yanukovych was overthrown as
the result of a popular uprising the
began in Kiev in November 2013 now the
protests which were initially peaceful
began in response to endemic corruption
and the government's decision to abandon
an economic deal with the European Union
but it quickly spiraled out of control
years on from the uprising some of the
Maidan activists now see the protests in
a very different light they say their
hopes for meaningful change in the
country have not materialized we've been
speaking to one of them about her change
of heart
stay gentle the students compassion for
them and sharing their anti-corruption
and socially oriented ideas which were
sincere but were hijacked by the
oligarchs almost at the very start I
believe it was a mistake to fall for the
slogans of the Nationalists my personal
mistake is that I should have realized
that much sooner the people who started
those spontaneous protests could answer
the question of what they were against
but couldn't say what they stood for
that was the key problem they didn't
have a plan and therefore allow
themselves to be used but I have no
right to judge people for taking part in
the protests it's thought that people at
my done were supporting so-called
European values but can a country be
called European if it sits at the bottom
of a list on freedom of speech if it's a
country where journalists get killed
arrested or persecuted why did the
revolution for freedom not result in
freedom and if Europe stands for
multiculturalism why did the European
revolution in Ukraine result in the
victory of nationalist radicals the
romanticism became a smokescreen for
extremist slogans which had nothing to
do with the initial protests during the
uprising the protesters in Kiev received
strong support from both US and EU
officials top American politicians were
seen addressing crowds of people at the
demonstrations and even distributing
bread European officials also involved
themselves in negotiations between the
two opposing sides but now the block
appears to have become disillusioned
with the country's ability to deliver
reforms and the latest illustration of
that the EU is reportedly decided to
shut down a border checkpoint scheme
with Ukraine which was supposed to ease
customs proceedings and boost trade we
discussed that with political analyst
Martin
Macauley Ukraine from brushless point of
view for the American point of view is
an important state these countries wish
to keep Ukraine as a partner and as a
friend and Ethel RI and but they are
finding it increasingly difficult the
European Union in Western Europe are
becoming increasingly tired of Ukraine
and exasperated at the lack of progress
on a certain in certain areas the main
problem is corruption within the
government within the state the
Ukrainian elites are in fact siphoning
off some of the money for themselves or
awarding contracts among themselves and
so on the European Union has been hoping
that Ukraine would begin to limit
corruption within the state for years
well two decades now
so therefore very slow progress has been
achieved and unless it's achieved the
Ukraine and the European Union and the
Western world will not come closer
together
