previously on the great American
pilgrims drafted right into the military
1968 and was shipped to Vietnam what
year were you born 1948 I was born in 66
clothes 1958 48 48 oh I'm not even close
no she's the reason I'm just the host of
the program hey everybody I'm Stephen
Baldwin gosh I look fantastic
Hollywood guy usual suspects my favorite
movie proud American first of all I'm
dressed as George Washington and RV
enthusiast uncle Steve this is my buddy
max famous financial guru and well he's
a little bit different last but not
least my larger-than-life convenient an
aspiring star reowww
with all the drama happening in our
great country I'm hitting the road to
have some fun
me everyday Americans forward
what's America our ancestors suffered
the most see how things got so crazy I
was naked completely naked he bit my
finger hopefully start to bridge the gap
this is the great American pilgrimage
it's day number three in Massachusetts
and though the locals say all roads lead
to Boston our heroes still have yet to
find their way into the city
tough corner to handle here this is our
mobile pilgrimage
what are these folks thinking that we
can make these kind of mobile right now
I'm supposed to take it right this is
our producer Jared him and Steven don't
always see eye to eye
sure so let me know if I'm gonna hit the
house or a cable you want me to get out
yep
stay right there can I hit a curb here
in a minute hang on why not
who says you can't take a 32-foot motor
home and do a three-point turn in the
middle of nowhere
actually Massachusetts General Laws
title 14 chapter 89 section 9 says that
but who's keeping track Thank You max
well first let me know if I'm gonna hit
something after already getting lost our
heroes attempt to navigate the former
couch trails known as Rose I don't far
away away from Boston without the modern
convenience of GPS you know like real
pilgrims so we don't know where we are
right now right I felt this compass out
of the battery and some gaffer tape lets
up any of this on YouTube
it's about five miles out right now
according to this he's a modern-day max
Khyber I'm starting to get an idea from
Boston my mechanisms responding to your
idea I'm wondering
that's where the Boston Tea Party
happened right yeah 1773 the Tea Act got
everyone real looks agitated and that's
what they had the Boston Tea Party 1773
which is three years before the
Revolution baby and in doing that that
was a way of those folks like you know
making a statement
yeah the games on the war is here we
ought to put this vehicle representing
the great American pilgrimage in the
middle of where that Boston Tea Party
took place where was that once I called
the harbor
Boston Harbor Boston Harbor well why
can't we get a barge and put this RV on
the barge and take it right out in the
middle of Boston Harbor is that crazy ah
what what the what you want to put this
on a barge and float out of the middle
of Boston arm I mean what better way to
celebrate this occasion than by honoring
that great event with another great
statement remind me to talk to Jared
about that Jared alright brother were
pulling into Boston Massachusetts
finally reaching their destination
our heroes discover one of the many
things Boston is known for I can I just
park right here it's parking this is a
great size no sleeping ever on that side
of that sign not where we are now but if
this sounds correct we can sit right
here I believe
they can't that's a great spot that
corner I'm gonna go around and see if I
can get that one but it's probably a
loading zone
they all are this is so really I'm gonna
get out no you're good
you sure yep what's these trees pours
after finally parking Our Heroes realize
they're in Cambridge home of Harvard
University where some of the top minds
in the world choose to study so max
ventures out to meet some of the Future
Leaders of America I'm I got a stone
road out here to give you maybe
well apparently we can't take max
anywhere everybody be safe fat nose and
everything still to it everybody quit
though jokes it's a whole you know all
right but it's math now - so it's heroin
and meth
our dough alright but you guys have a
good day yeah thank you
while max is getting an education about
what to stay away from in the city
Stephen heads over to a local coffee
shop to meet a traveling nurse and
learned what it means to be Boston
strong Jess yes Stephen fever nice to
meet you nice to meet you there you go
thank you thanks for coming
no problem you've had quite a journey to
join us even here so I have yeah right
get into all of that where are you from
you were born where I was born in
Manhattan New York and then we moved
here to Massachusetts I graduated 2006
from nursing school and became a travel
nurse I've traveled all over the country
for the past eight nine years all right
so you're in health care yes
that's like a hot topic these days yes
what would you say is a biggest issue in
your profession for nursing health
insurance period you know we get people
that don't have insurance and they get
the best care throughout you know the
board you get someone who's hardworking
and has insurance and they get kicked
out after the fifth day because their
insurance doesn't approve for you know
whatever it is that they need or whatnot
so so in your opinion as you've traveled
as a nurse a lot of folks who are
uninsured are seeing more benefits than
middle to lower middle class but 100%
yes
and back to max who's keeping it 100 in
Cambridge Lefroy yes reckon system now
so how would you compare you America
with Europe we're friends
how would you compare you don't have any
Street
but the thing is that here you have
very rich and extremely
and you'll be the pastor so with rising
health care costs and education cost if
the that was you
oh my baby so it's like 40,000 years
enormous so the average salary in France
is less than that the life in front is
totally different you pay less for food
you pay less for
your celery smell
taxes but at the end I don't know which
is better for me personally it's still
better to be here because our salaries
really high now if I had to compare so
buddy that would be making
100,000 I don't know which way it could
be right hundred thousand here how yeah
I will compare one hundred thousand here
with 75 yeah I can see when I go
shopping when I come back I'm like why
is that costing so much culture to
subsidize the flower yes the bread again
it's one whatever I am NOT going to
compare that I get at 3 bucks humorous
things with them I get in Francis one
bucks I make my own friend back at the
coffee shop Stephen continues his chat
with Jessica and learns more about her
travels you're still enjoying the
nursing in the traveling and I love it
absolutely love it I wouldn't change it
for the world
so you've gone to many many many many
places I have what's what's a story or
an experience related to your work the
sticks out the most well actually I had
a contract in Boston here at Mass
General and that was actually when
the Boston Marathon bombings happened
and I was there breaking news this hour
the finish line of the Boston Marathon
is hit by two major explosions just
seconds apart at least three people have
reportedly been killed and many others
were hurt I had gone there with three of
my friends one of them being like eight
months pregnant my best friend and there
were two of our friends were running the
marathon and we were standing at the
finish line and my pregnant friends she
was like you guys are starving I really
need to eat we walked down the street we
went to Outback
and so we ate and everything and we
heard the first bomb
everyone looked around but didn't really
think anything of it no it's not any
kind of like a cannon going off and so
we thought you know they're probably
celebrating a few minutes later the
second one went off and that one was the
one that was closer to us we're like the
building shook and so that's when people
started freaking out and the manager of
the restaurant made everybody go
downstairs to the basement and told us
that he was told that it was some kind
of gas pipe
Aaron was like that sounds like bull
sound like that
so we were in there what seemed like
forever wondering what the hell was
going on you know so they finally let us
out through the back door into the alley
behind the restaurant and that's when
they saw people just running running and
people with blood and we're like what
the hell's going on you know and so one
of my friends was asking around like
what just happened what just happened
and everyone's like there's bombs going
off and so that's when we're like okay
we got to book it to the train station
cuz my friend who's 8 months pregnant
she can't be there you know so we booked
it to the train station and it was just
mass mass people just gonna stir yeah it
was it was it was crazy and I still
remember it like it was yesterday like
and this
oh so you're at the Boston Marathon
you're pregnant princess let's go get
some date mm-hmm
from where you were before even before
we went we were how finish line right so
so is that were the first that's where
the second bomb went off I believe the
bigger one the bigger one yeah so if it
wasn't for hungry baby we could have
been still standing there when it went
off thinking back like before we went to
eat we were trying to hook up with
another friend who was there and but we
couldn't figure out where she was so I
actually took a picture of like where we
were so and so she can reference it to
like where to go and I didn't even
notice it was her that noticed when she
got later on that night like after
everything happened that when I took the
picture the two the two brothers were in
the picture
of the what I took yeah yeah I still
have it you want to see it yeah yeah
back in Harvard Square max is looking
for someone he can vibe with yeah we're
talking about America what's it mean to
you are you better I work with the best
for peace and Marshall um I'm not and
you work for them I worked it with a
volunteer I support them by March woman
in action see how the world's all
screwed up in the 57 you start I'm 57
years old a long time good morning six
yeah what's your sign of Aquarius I'm a
Gemini
okay what's your Chinese sign I am a
wild boar yeah I'm a pig I think you
know if it's right all right all right
what brought you here to bottom well I'm
here in Harvard Square to give out free
food to help some of those little
beeshees I'd like to start about the
snake issue hunger is one
dressed what do you think well you got
the funding for military right half and
you have all the money you want housing
and food we have to get it once or carry
again it goes back to what is important
for Americans me myself and I so you're
hopeful I think America can make it if
we get our value straight there's old
saying live simply so others might
simply live that's how I did my life so
you're gonna show me a picture right now
you took randomly just to identify the
spot you were at mm-hmm and it has the
two individuals that were the terrorists
yep that is beyond random I know yeah
tell me about it
may I see yeah you can zoom in and this
is before all that before everything
happened yeah that's crazy buddy I mean
it's it's clear as day there they are
yeah there they are right there yep Yeah
right there in the photo there I mean
that's just
crazy right and I didn't even noticed
until my friend was like you gotta take
a look at your picture again and I was
like why she was like zoom in and look
at the people and that's when I was like
oh there they are
tell me though because you were you were
talking about it and obviously it's an
emotional thing I've met several people
who on 9/11 something told him to go
home that day you know you can chalk
that up to fate
you can luck a higher power yeah
anything I didn't get any of that not at
all not until after the fact and after
the fact after everything happened and
we just like me it was me and through my
friends my pregnant friend and her
husband and another friend and all three
of us that we were like we need to get
her home that was our main thought focus
I'm sorry I'm you know a tissue brother
or a napkin or something I'm sorry we
have anything like that I didn't think I
was gonna get emotional well no you're
good you're fine
hi how are you JM we just speak with
this one moment all right so blossom
it's a pitch one town one city in
America we just have all over America
it's a fake country right stakes are
completely empty right right and so you
know more territories like Puerto Rico
is off the where I'm from okay yeah well
so how about this phrase I see Boston
strong
yeah I'm singing that enough the first
time what is it man you see happen first
time yes you don't know what the Boston
Marathon other words just came up after
the bombing the Marathon bombing yeah so
but I didn't know that there was this
whole Boston strong it okay came about
from that and what does it mean like
what's going on there it means that we
like look up for each other in times of
terrorism and things like that like we
stand with one another and we support
one another do you feel that solidarity
I mean like I said I'm quarto Rican so
in terms of life what's going on there I
don't feel like that
like bring that my grandfather fought a
little bit not worked and he just has
like so much pride when he talks about
seeing American he's like uh tariqas
more American it's just stuff like this
that's happening right now it's very
disappointing to not feel like when they
need it that they're apart that they're
Americans because you know any other
place Houston they got relief you know
immediately when they could get it I
don't know about Katrina so much now I'm
in Boston
you know on that day honestly yeah like
a lot of Fox millions like came together
so after all this went down the trains
were running they kept the trams running
to let people get out of there yes
mm-hmm yep and there were like law
enforcement with like huge guns and like
backpacks like all over the place like
just people panicked yeah and your
girlfriend who was printed was she
running to well she couldn't run right
the time you know yeah yeah scary it was
terrifying actually cuz we didn't know
if there was gonna be another one that
to go off or where or you know when so
it was it was I can't even put it in
words how did mom and dad react they
were finally happy to see me when I got
home because they couldn't get a hold of
me cuz you know all the phones were down
you know you couldn't make any phone
calls you couldn't text you can do
anything so they didn't know where I was
or if I was still around or anything so
when I finally got home
it was emotional yeah I'm just like I'm
trying to stay away from the tissue
myself here just to jump to a next idea
I'm gonna say so that happened but you
still lived there
it's my home it's still home
yeah that's where the heart listen I got
you
anybody what's up hi hey guys
Trina would you speak with us a moment
sure what does America mean to you
it actually been nothing
because everybody comes
I feel a lot of
where's that come from
yeah I see this phrase Boston strong
what does that mean that mean Chris
Brown in the bite of
terrorists and all the attacks they've
got his face
really
we need to we need to come together
so I'm sitting here with a young lady
who hasn't just seen or heard the idea
Boston strong
I lived it Boston kicks because look how
quickly they caught those whores you
know it's awesome Boston did a very good
job catching those guys beyond that yeah
what our law enforcement deals with I
know firsthand because my dad is a
police officer so I know what he goes
through you know coming out of it are
you stronger or you're getting there I'm
getting there I cure the law enforcement
dad has raised a pretty terrific
daughter all he helped your friend she
was pregnant
she had that baby yeah yeah
nice healthy boy she had a boy how old's
the boy now five
what's the net
so Evans here he said
boy doesn't well
number numberland no because the brand
name yes yeah wait new customers
so a question about America as a country
you were kind of like our parents
England yeah we're like the sibling
that's run off and started our own
country I how do you think we're doing
mom mom I'm pretty sure these women
don't speak for all of England and Max
definitely doesn't speak for all of us
pretty good gonna be better was just
about to say that but pops you better
not say you can speak up later
yeah it made a mistake right so that
live current leadership you're not too
keen up to bit embarrassing yes he is
married okay and so other than that
he's open Scotland right okay I'll cut
the golf course oh yes I was in Scotland
upon the East Coast right in the cement
and most of the Gulf Coast's up there
there's a Trump invasion coming to your
neighborhood
God what are you gonna do put up a wall
no we wouldn't do that well there's a
wall between Scotland and England we've
already cut wall of Hadrian's Wow doriga
had to work it did keep the stuff such
at one time for a while it doesn't work
in the end we're asking everybody on the
great American pilgrimage what does
America mean to you
everything you've touched and its touch
to you is it still land of dreams or is
it just okay it was a land of dreams I
mean my parents definitely reached the
American Journey you know my dad was he
always wanted to become a police officer
he thought he did that you know as an
immigrant as a neighboring let's race us
all of us went to college you know have
good jobs but like America now
I know like the way things are going
with this new president and the
terrorism going on and people killing
each other I mean it makes me scared to
even raise kids in this world now
because look at what they have to look
forward to you know wondering if
someone's going to bomb their school
without a doubt I want children but I
would fear for them you know I mean the
news you can't even watch the news these
days because everything is just bad you
know you don't see anything good all the
news anymore except the great American
coverage on the RT network so you're
still cool with America
I'm still cool
I'm still here things are gonna get
better I'm hopeful
I'm hopeful that things will get better
that's but that's tear to say there's
too much going on now but I'm hoping
that things will turn eventually turn
well thanks for coming thanks for
sharing your story the third day of
Massachusetts it's in the books Stephen
and Max have come to an understanding of
what it means to be Boston strong and
our heroes meet back up to continue
their quests to have a Boston Tea Party
of their own next time on the great
American pilgrimage
beautiful Villa Wow Wow max level we've
made it now we're home what does America
mean to you
bazooka in the final exam
I am not very good at spot-on
questioning it makes
I think that
