fighting fake news that's what we've
heard from web search giant Google right
from the moment the first false reports
sneaked in fake news problem very very
seriously we have to think about what we
can do there and we have very clear
policies in place we've adjusted some of
our policies we're moving really really
fast with what we can control
well spotlight is now on the Internet
giant allegedly over a blunder of its
own making investigation by the UK's
Times newspaper has uncovered asserts
giant allowed fake websites to buy
advertising space and the terms like
fake credit card that works now Google
offered the service for approximately 1
pound per click reportedly they even
came up with further suggestions
offering to buy similar search terms to
boost the views many see this as a
breach of the company's core values we
value honesty and fairness so we don't
allow the promotion of products or
services that are designed to enable
dishonest behavior Google was quick to
respond claiming over three billion
so-called bad ads were blocked last year
alone technology consultant bill Muse
says the greatest effort is focused on
the most profitable areas and
fact-checking
isn't top of the list I think it's
notable that where we're looking at
errors where they generate the most
money for their own services and that is
in the targeting of ads they have put a
lot of resource into making the
algorithms far more sophisticated where
they have lacked sophistication such as
in the identification of insightful
materials inappropriate materials and
sopra some of the the fraudulent
activity that we're looking at today
those are errors which aren't actually
front and center in terms of their ad
business and therefore there's been less
resource put into these areas in terms
of making the algorithms more
sophisticated what we need to see is
Google and Facebook and others stepping
up and actually improving those
algorithms otherwise they're going to
face some fairly draconian regulation
you
