passenger plane with 66 people on board
has crashed in central Iran the airline
now says it's too early to say whether
anyone survived the crash despite having
earlier claimed all passengers and crew
had died relatives at yasujiro Tweddle
Tehran and not giving up hope
in solids burgers
reports say ambulances cannot reach it
as it's in a mountainous area an
emergency helicopter sent there was also
unable to land you to bad weather Press
TV journalists use of Jalali reports
from Tehran just two minutes before the
airplane would get to its destination it
crashed into mounts dinner someplace
near the city of semi Rome located in
the southern part of the province of
Isfahan so what happened that was that
due to adverse weather conditions due to
foggy weather the pilot lost its vision
lost his vision and he was trying to
find a place where he can make an
emergency landing and according to
eyewitnesses in this city of severan he
was trying to land and make an emergency
landing on a pasture near the city of
semi Rome in the province of Isfahan but
unfortunately on this process the plane
crashed into Mount Eden our mount denna
is located in the southern part of the
province of Isfahan and just in the
north of huge where the airplane was
destined we do know that 66 people were
on board the airplane which is an ATR
airplane and all of those 66 people six
crew members and 60 passengers died
because of that incident
unfortunately so Iran is in shock the
plane is a French Italian short haul
aircraft the model was first introduced
at the end of the 80s than the last time
an Assam and Airlines plane crashed was
24 years ago back then the plane
suffered a sudden loss of power 66
people were also killed in that disaster
the plane was operated by asmin airlines
this is the third largest carrier in
Iran it operates domestic and regional
services
