today crypto is unique crypto is
empowering crypto is on the verge of a
global financial revolution crypto is a
direct challenge to the world banking
system allowing you to be the bank and
make the money win or lose in the end
crypto is bound to lead the world into
the future let's give this Bitcoin a try
not bad
welcome to our weekly digest on
everything in the world of blockchain
this is our key script oleum I'm Neil
Francis Santiago in this episode we look
at the tightening of the rope on the
world of crypto including in Russia but
not as bad as India which threatened to
ban all crypto for good result in
bitcoins plummet to below $10,000 but
the blockchain community is staying
positive and saying it's a good time to
buy because VIPs gain you money and
clean out all the trash and scams we
visit the world blockchain crypto summit
at Moscow's World Trade Center to speak
to Russia's presidential adviser Herman
flamenco as well as Russian lawmakers
and international experts in the crypto
world we also get to see the making of
the miners Union in the Russian Chamber
of Commerce to finally create a platform
for dialogue between the so called
crypto anarchists and Russian government
and we visit Moscow scripto party to
show you what the Russians do when
Bitcoin drops below $10,000 this is the
WBC the world blockchain and
cryptocurrency summit here in Moscow and
this is exciting so many different
people from all over the world let's see
what this is all about and this is
definitely a very interesting time for
cryptocurrency here in Russia let's go
right to the source one of president
Putin's closest internet advisors Herman
Clemente oh and lad Martin of the head
of Russia's aetherium competence center
good leadership demuccio what do you
think the future holds for crypto here
in Russia
Niska cannot rhythms several of our
institutions like the Ministry of
Finance the central bank and the Russian
parliament of preparing changes to the
law in the case of the central bank
it's about collective investments or
icos in the case of the Finance Ministry
it's more connected to mining and the
Parliament has its own idea about crypto
currencies the government doesn't like
that crypto currencies are stimulating
the appearance of Offshore's but at the
moment I personally haven't seen any
proposed legislation lawmakers may come
up with something but they might not
no one has yet found a way to make
cryptocurrencies clean but the two other
elements mining and icos are more or
less becoming regulated and on this
issue it's more likely we'll find a way
to formalize processes that means the
implementation of icos
and block chains and mining itself
locally under the government control
where tax equality will be provided
nowadays the main problem of government
is to make everybody pay taxes and
cryptocurrencies are providing a
comfortable way of transferring money
between countries but the uncomfortable
aspect of such transactions is how to
make them legal that's why I think it's
worth it to consider the consolidation
of these proposals a lot has been said
about this issue so we are going to see
a law but this is only my opinion I'm
not sure that it will be like I've said
but the law is going to be more focused
on icos and less on cryptocurrencies
before we seriously change in a just
legislation for for blockchain and
cryptic ripped economy we need to see
what is real risks behind behind certain
aspects of cryptocurrency and watching
so and I believe like the best thing
right now for Russia is to have to pick
up like a city or high-tech park like
skolkovo and basically to make as
liberal as possible legislation for any
type of krypter krypter activities is
everything so it's impossible to be free
of taxes and act within a legal
framework all governments in the world
are trying to reduce free tax activity
it's quite difficult even if you
understand the specific risks to find
the proper mechanism and way to handle
the streets even to collect how to
collect taxes when it's anonymous right
probably we should start discussing how
to make sure that certain things are not
anonymous when you practical with the
possible mining itself is just a loading
by a computer of some worth there are
different types of possible legalization
the Finance Ministry is proposing to
demining a regular business activity in
this case mining in different countries
would exist mostly on the legal side I
just wanted to say you know miners would
maybe get a gas generator and get
themselves off from the grid again if
you even come and check this place you
see certain computing equipment how can
you prove that this equipment has been
used to mine and that's there quite a
lot of challenges in in the whole way
how to how to track and handle this tax
issue basically is diminished
what's for example I have 20 hives where
bees are mining honey they do everything
on their own and mine 200 kilograms in
each hive so as long as I just eat this
honey myself and share it with my family
and friends the government doesn't care
about what I'm doing but when I make a
move to sell it the government
immediately calls it a business but just
a few days after that conversation I
went at a Russian Chamber of Commerce to
see the first steps of creating
legislature for mining the miners Union
was formed as a platform for dialogue
between the mining community of Russia
and the government using MacWilliam if
we regulate our technologies but the
gospel future with awareness of the
needs of a future digital society
there's not so much the laws that will
need changing by massive number of
taboos inside our heads
human beings are becoming less dependent
on machines and will soon stop selling
their labor for money human beings are
starting to earn money by means of the
right capital and for that reason it is
necessary to structure and delineate it
as capital you might have decided of
capital
here's a mobile phone switch it on and
you can see that it's receiving messages
as the mining process is ongoing and
what does this lead to this leads to the
possibility of registering the
blockchain via a mobile phone that would
mean that in future you won't need to
save anything on your cloud and you
won't need any servers you will be in a
deep fog and no one will be able to shut
you out or limit you somehow and Dimitri
is absolutely right but if the Ministry
of Finance climbs down on this Institute
it will only scare everyone because they
won't understand it it is important to
create the kind of platform on which we
will be able to negotiate with
legislators the Russian Chamber of
Commerce and Industry is uniting expert
communities which exist in every Russian
region more than 56,000 industries and
the whole community of professionals is
united by this Russian mining company
Nadeem seduced was polluted sir will
hope to be successful in making the
right laws which will help the community
and give each miner the confidence that
boy is doing is not unlawful the one
there to be mostly horizontal political
relations in Russia and we should start
building these relations now sounds
inspiring and could be very true
although still the world of blockchain
security is suffering as more and more
government and non-government
institutions are trying to hurt the
community we spoke to nem foundation's
partnership coordinator about that huge
of a $400 million worth of their token
heist from the Japanese trading firm
coin check we wanted to know what's the
update on the hackers where is the money
and how is the community dealing with
this heist Mikael how could a secure
trading platform come under such an
attack so it is very important to
distinguish two point here from one side
if you speak about named blockchain of
course it is the most secure platform
but if we speak about the trading
platform the exchange as they didn't use
any security measures that we provide to
them and this allowed hackers to easily
steal this money Mikael so what's the
status on the tokens and has there been
any luck in locating the hackers all the
money are known on name blockchain and
we track them and we tag them as for
legal matters of course hackers should
be prosecuted and we give it to FSA and
to Japanese authorities to find and
prosecute them
has this affected names community in any
way what's the chatter like name
community was always great and we saw
support from people all the time but
sometimes such an unfortunate even
should happen to really give a good test
to our community and the real education
is happening this new people are getting
good advice on how to secure their funds
and for a sweet ending let me show you
how the blockchain community is staying
optimistic no matter what even when
Bitcoin falls below 10,000 the people at
least here in Russia go to a crypto
party crypto is not just about
decentralization and financial freedom
it's also about a lifestyle and
nightlife the drinks apparently mix them
very well in the world of crypto the
Moscow crypto party was a conference of
sorts but for the twist of dancing fun
and business God gives you Daniel
scholarships or Vegeta good
my Brazilian item never to media : at
our ocean class my story
so you everybody has their own coin
brother Padre she's just an absurd claim
energy coin field point yeah both gotta
go down all right thank you
she said he to invest in many plays
Yellen we are here with one of the most
prominent YouTube crypto and travel
bloggers a man of a million subscribers
now yeah
congratulations 1 million subscribers on
YouTube this is Alexander Condor sob he
is also a miner and an investor and
we're gonna talk about some exclusive
tips from mr. cumshaw be such schedule
Alex please tell us what is hot right
now and what is worth looking at I have
several bundles but a small amount of
coins up to now worth a hundred and
thirty thousand dollars so give us a
little bit of an exclusive would like to
tell you about the coin to have the most
hope we have a whole team of analysts
who explore the surface and give their
advice which coin is worth buying one
such currency is go bite it's a copy of
the well known - current what can I say
that first of all it's trading only on
two problems producing a very small
volume of trade analysts to say that
it's the main problem of this currency
that reason why it's not growing in
value I contacted the developers this
coin and they told me that soon they are
going to be available for trading on a
platform called hit BTC
it's a huge trading permit and that's
why the currency has a chance to grow go
bite coin now costs $25 but before the
correction and markets you good buy it
for $72 so if this coin reached this
barrier before it should reach it again
when the market goes up I advise you not
to be hamsters but to make your
investments during dips when marketing
goes hard correction and all values are
read now is the best time for getting
into cryptocurrency
if you have never done it before rather
than buying it when the currency grows
swiftly in March or after the Chinese
New Year and people return from holidays
and the value immediately grows so
whatever coin you buy now except for
scams projects and coins which have
nothing behind them when people just
take money and close their websites but
any real coin invest in right now we'll
bring your return if sure thank you for
the world of crypto is going through a
test of time and endurance right now so
don't panic and keep watching RT script
Oleum on our YouTube channel and on our
daily news I'm Miguel Francis Santiago
next week's digest takes me to the
tokens blockchain economic forum and
Singapore an event that screams future
innovation and financial freedom we look
at the pioneers that could speed this
planet into a brighter future by making
it more transparent accessible and
productive we speak to some of the most
acclaimed minds in the crypto world jean
claude donut the man with the plan 1
billion dollars in deals last year with
experience as a managing director a
giants like eBay and TripAdvisor Vicente
Fox Quesada ex-president of Mexico who
is now all for the world of crypto and
me Komets amaura the man who created
Java and is currently the head of the
biggest crypto fund in the world
all of this and much more stay tuned for
our tea script Oh Liam in Singapore
