hey America they stole your election hey
Britain they stole your dream of a
united Europe democracy will never be
the same because of Russian memes
thralls BOTS well surely there is
something still sacred in Western
culture off-limits to the Russians
oh no the Crumlin folks even got their
hands on Star Wars Russian trolls
weaponized Star Wars criticism as an
instrument of information warfare with
the purpose of pushing for political
change this was from a real study by a
brave Jedi scholar I mean who claims
there's been a force that was fighting
to make the last Jedi fail Wow
37 pages remember how the movie got
booed at when those Navy fans couldn't
forgive the director for spoiler alert
killing Luke Skywalker and forgive him
for going against all the tropes so
dearly cherished by the fandom remember
how the Star Wars lovers army even
campaign to fund a remake well now you
know who did it
the sifts sorry the Russians I felt a
great disturbance in the force as if
millions of voices suddenly cried out in
terror and were suddenly silenced to
prove it the guy behind the research
analyzed almost a thousand online
messages for the director and his result
was more than half of the hate tweets
came from trolls some of them were
Russian the director didn't just pay
attention he shared the link to the
study with his Twitter followers looking
forward to reading it but what the top
line describes is consistent with my
experience online well some fans got
even more disgruntled when they said
they found their old tweets in the
research it was a bad movie highly
unlikely that it was a dry run for BOTS
to practice we hated this film two loved
rogue one but were totally underwhelmed
by the last Jedi so much so that my
eldest questioned if it is worth going
to the cinema to see any more Disney
Star Wars Solar did nothing to make me
change my mind
no no your lack of faith is disturbing
it wasn't Disney not even the director
it was the damn Rooskies
you
