hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
the games have begun the younger sister
of North Korea's ruler Kim jong-un has
captured the attention of the media
while US Vice President Mike Pence was
mocked as a dud even undiplomatic the
two Koreas are engaging each other
this makes the Washington foreign policy
swamp fume
crosstalking the careers i'm joined by
my guests Brian Becker in Washington
he's the director of the answer
coalition as well as host of loud and
clear a daily new show on a radio
Sputnik and in Columbus we have Gregory
llyich he is a Korea Policy Institute
associate alright gentleman crosstalk
Rosen effect that means you can jump in
any time you want and I always
appreciate it Brian let me let me go to
you here I'm sure you saw some of the
mainstream corporate as coverage of the
opening of the games and the what
appears to be is some kind of approach
mount between the two koreas but I
thought a lot of that coverage just
really missed the point in the what's
really important here is not if the two
Koreas can actually engage each other
because well they are but how much is
the United States willing to go along
with this engagement here because the
United States has an awful lot at stake
with its presence in South Korea in it
so not only about North Korea's nuclear
program go ahead Brian well Peter I I
believe that we're at a pivotal moment
because the attempt by the South Korean
government the moon giant government
that came about as a consequence of a
very popular uprising that overthrew
ultimately and led to the impeachment of
the last Conservative government party
on he moon jae-in wants to have a
rapprochement a lessening of tensions
and possibly the beginning of real
reconciliation on the Korean Peninsula
between North and South Korea this
happened has happened be in the past
that happened certainly in the year 2000
Madeleine Albright was dispatched by
Bill Clinton to Pyongyang Kim dae-jung
went and met with Kim jong-il who was
Kim jong-un's father then head of North
Korea but when their the reproach mount
was taking place at that time it was
with Washington's blessing and as a
consequence we see right now and this is
why I consider this to be a pivotal
moment it's a test of whether or not the
South Korean government which is clearly
looking over its shoulder to see how
much resistance that's getting from
Washington will be able to finally take
a step to emerge as a truly sovereign
entity and able to carry out within
Korean politics and on the Korean
Peninsula its own policy
it's it's a shame you you certainly
don't see North Korea looking over its
shoulder to see whether Russia or China
approves of its moves but here you have
South Korea with tens of thousands of
American troops still in South Korea and
they they arrived in September 1945
they're still there North Korea doesn't
have foreign troops on its soil so that
is the big test will South Korea be able
to resist the pressure from Washington
it's the Republicans it's the Democrats
it's the military-industrial complex
it's the CIA none of that none of those
institutional power centers in
Washington want there to be real
rapprochement taking place in Korea by
Koreans without the supervision of the
Americans
Gregory went way in on that because you
know what what leeway does South Korea
have to make any kind of rapprochement
with the north if there's a mutual
engagement and and the engagement that
is real okay I mean I think Western
viewers tend to forget is that these are
the two countries that could suffer the
most if there is a conflict here they
have a real vested interest to start
sitting down and de-escalating what
would has been happening over the last
few months here so what is the leeway
the South Koreans have Gregory in
Columbus please you know of course we
don't know what kind of discussions are
going on behind the scenes between the
Trump and moon I imagine there's an
enormous amount of pressure being
applied on moon jae-in however you look
if you look back to former president
normal Hyun who was a South Korean
president during the time of George W
Bush he also was facing enormous
pressure from the United States yet he
went ahead and went to Pyongyang and met
Kim jong-il and he signed a series of
economic agreements so he was much more
forthright on warming relations with
North Korea than moon jae-in has been
who seems rather too cautious to me so I
don't know if that's his nature I fear
there's certain threats that are going
on behind the scenes one can only
speculate but it is in the interests of
the Korean people both north and south
that moon jae-in
act now and take the lead on improving
relations between the recruited two
Koreas and take in accepting the open
hand from the North Koreans regardless
of what
and says it's the Korean people who
would pay the price if Trump unleashes a
war this North Korean people are
currently paying the price of economic
destruction caused by the truly
draconian sanctions I think it's time
for South Korea to take the lead you
know Brian you here in Western media is
that North Korea's trying to be a wedge
between a breakaway the United States
and in South Korea but it's actually the
United States is the wedge between North
Korea and South Korea go ahead it's just
amazing I mean Korea has been a unitary
entity with the with a common culture
for so long for thousands of years in
fact in here because North South Koreans
want to talk to North Koreans and vice
versa
that's a wedge for America which is
thousands of miles away
it shows the arrogance and the hubris
and I'd say the racism the the
architectural racism of the of the whole
paradigm whereby South Korea does not
have the right to carry out its own
independent negotiations
you are right Peter the wedge in Korea
is the United States Korea was divided
at the 38th parallel because a couple
Americans who didn't know anything about
Korea drew a line and they showed it to
their Soviet counterparts and the two
sides agreed that there would be two
zones of control in the Korean Peninsula
and then five years later when Soviet
troops and American troops had
temporarily for the Soviets permanently
left the Korean Peninsula there was a
war and the war began in June 1950 it
was the unsettled issue of the post-war
configuration North Korea had considered
itself to be an independent anti
Japanese colonial fighting force and the
South Korean government was created by
the Americans and it was just the
lackeys of the South of the Japanese who
were put into place and they ruled by
virtue of a military dictatorship now we
have a situation where the United States
does not want to give up its control
over South Korea because South Korea won
is an important military base for the
United States it creates part of a
network of bases along with the eleven
American bases in Japan it's part of the
ongoing Asia
so-called that Obama announced but
really has been going on for a lot
longer since before then so the United
States is a fearful that South Korea
could become independent that's the real
issue
what does North Korea want North Korea
wants a security guarantee they want to
end the u.s. South Korean military
exercises that simulate the destruction
of their country that take place twice a
year there's a possibility for a
negotiated outcome here there's one
obstacle the real obstacle to negotiated
outcome of the Korean Peninsula crisis
is in Washington DC it's not Pyongyang
or in Seoul you know part of the the
security architecture of South Korea is
that if there is some kind of conflict a
major conflict the entire control of the
Korean military is under an American
four-star general I mean as an expert on
Korea I mean how does that sit with the
Korean population when they know that
you know it's good to be the United
States ultimately it's gonna control
that determine their security future and
then you have a foe reaching out its
hand we don't know if it's real we don't
know if it's genuine we don't know if
this is just a ploy I mean it's a small
step optics or something but I mean how
does South Korea feel about that I mean
maybe at one time they needed that kind
of security guarantee but it's what it's
a very powerful rich country there's how
does that play into their thinking about
dealing with North Korea go ahead it
Gregory of course as you mentioned
there's the agreement that in wartime
the US military would take command of
South Korean forces and actually that
was supposed to have been changed
multiple times in the past and so that
South Korea would have control over its
own forces in wartime but each time the
deadline came the u.s. or a conservative
South Korean presidents postponed it so
that just keeps getting pushed farther
and farther in the future and
unfortunately still stuck in the
situation I think right now it's
probably making South Korean people
quite nervous when you have the reckless
Trump administration who seems to be
rather oblivious to the harm occur
caused by us by launching strikes than
North Korea so I think that makes me
in South Korea quite nervous but I think
the US military is not in the habit of
respecting the wishes of the South
Korean people or even the South Korean
military look at how the u.s. imposed
the sad battery on South Korea without
moon geun's prior approval or even his
initial knowledge it came as a surprise
to him that the US was imposing a fat
battery we're look at how the u.s.
refuses to pay the enormous costs of
cleaning up the environmental
destruction on the military bases is
closed I don't think the South Korean
people are happy at all about being
vulnerable to whatever the US military
commands yeah well I mean let me go back
to Brian I mean either side this and
that into missile defense I mean it just
makes South Korea a target you know the
US says it's it what's there to protect
their interests but actually it's not
the u.s. that is targeted that actually
this missile system is target against
China again Korea is right smack in the
middle of all this go ahead Brian indeed
I mean it stands for the terminal high
altitude area defense --is meaning it
provides an anti-missile defense so
called for for missiles that are at high
altitude if there was a war between
North and South Korea North Korea
wouldn't be sending up high altitude
missiles to hit Seoul which is 30 miles
from the DMZ I mean on its face it's
absurd and ridiculous clearly that is
against is designed to to threaten China
and to threaten Russia to achieve what
the Americans hope to be a first strike
capability exercising military supremacy
in the future by wringing China and
Russia with these kind of missile
defense programs that make a first
strike first strike ass all possible
here's another thing and I think Gregg
is right and it's very important that
the Pentagon rushed to deploy that
before and during the transition between
Park geun-hye and moon jae-in because
they thought moon jae-in would be a
liberal yeah and because the Liberals
and the opposition inside of South Korea
didn't want it so they just rammed it
down the throat of the people of South
Korea I mean clearly the American garnet
and I
think this is an important hang on hey
hold on to that point Brian we're gonna
go to a short break and after that short
break we'll continue our discussion on
the Koreas stay with our team
there's some illusion that makes about a
mannequin just musica stay in the room
Botha step which this momentum equations
it
yes amar Chaudhary abaddon fearfulness
particular mountain mobile
at RT we have a great team but we needed
to strengthen before the FIFA World Cup
and who better than a legend to keep it
tight at the back
in 1992 they're not qualify for the
European Championships at the very last
moment no one believed in us what we
want and I'm hoping to bring some of
that winning spirit to the RTT
recently I've had a lot of practice so I
can guarantee you that Peter Schmeichel
will be under best form since my last
World Cup I can run that story to repeat
that was an old joke I was only kidding
here I come Russia
right right right right no no left left
left more left
okay stop that's really good that
welcome back to cross like we're all
things are considered I'm Peter Welch
around you were discussing the Koreas
okay now I'd like to bring in another
guest moon Koo Kang in Cambridge he's an
assistant professor at Baruch College
City University of New York as well as a
specialist on Korea and the Asia and
Asian affairs
welcome professor to the program sorry
it was a little bit late okay I'd like
to ask you a very kind of general
question here
we have after this public ceremony that
we had with the North Korean delegation
meeting with the Southey opening up the
games it was very optically rich we can
put it that way
but after we had that optically rich
experience we have very conflicting
messages coming out of of Washington
from the Secretary of State a Larssen
matters and we have a vice president
pence saying you know he was very
brusque I'm sure he was that wasn't a
message it was in sent intentionally and
then we have but he said but maybe we
could talk some kind of under certain
conditions we all know what those
conditions are and then we have
Secretary of State Tillerson basically
saying no I mean what what is Washington
saying what kind of message is that
sending to the Careers if any right now
go ahead all right now I think it's
really confusing messages I mean as you
know well you know White House and then
the State Department and all those key
decision-makers repeatedly highlighted
everything is on the table but
everything on the table seems to have
been only one hand emphasizing some in a
military option or even regime change on
the one hand but at the same time they
repeatedly highlighted that United state
is ready to talk
so still US government position in
dealing with North Korean crisis is
pretty much you know confusing and mixed
masses in terms of dealing with you know
Kim jong-un kind of you know so-called
in a madman yeah prison trumpet tried to
deal with you know madman in terms of
more madmen kind of you know you know
creating uncertainty anxiety but one of
the critical main problem of the US
government is moralized in generation
relations of course North Korean regime
is very horrible and the condition there
is
horrible integers but if we more or less
international relations like you know
absolutely right and absolutely wrong
such kind of approach would be not good
in terms of dealing with the crisis
situation you know if I go back to
Gregory in Columbus I mean the Trump
administration is said that it will
apply maximum pressure on North Korea
but also engagement I mean I don't see
any of the engagement in when someone
does engage is how Koreans they get
snubbed for them actually do you just
think Washington was caught off foot on
all of this I mean because we again we
have these conflicting reactions coming
out of Washington go ahead Greg I
actually don't think there are
conflicting reactions coming out of
Washington so if you read very carefully
the Washington Post article in which
pence was quoted on there in his return
flight from Seoul what he actually said
was that denuclearization has to be an
initial step that
Northy has to take initial steps to
denuclearization the u.s. is open to
talks preliminary talks during which of
course the US would lay out its man's
just one more just one more that the
precondition for negotiations is for
North Korea to substantially
denuclearize in other words give the
United States what it wants up front
before toxic and walks and even begin
okay well that's just great Brian I mean
the North Korean saw what happened to
Libya they saw oh what happened in Iraq
I mean why in the end a lot of people
have speculated that's why they've gone
down the nuclear road okay I mean why in
the world would the North Koreans give
up this program and expose themselves
when they're being threatened with a
bloody nose you know seven ways to
Sunday I mean it's absurd what's coming
out of Washington if they haven't
thought it through as usual go ahead
Brian your your question answers itself
in fact and North Korea won't give up
its nuclear program and the United
States knows the u.s. won't that Korea
won't give up its nuclear program and
maximum pressure just for our audience
to understand
what this these these euphemistic terms
mean the United States is trying to
create famine in North Korea when you
deprive people of trade and deprive them
of food and deprive them of medicine
you're trying to create famine to weaken
the government and that's what the u.s.
did to Iraq before invading Iraq
sanctions were in place for 13 years
according to the UN's own statistics a
million Iraqis died because of that and
then the u.s. invaded so sanctions and
war go hand in hand sanctions an open
war we we have a situation where North
Korea not only learned the lesson of
Iraq it gave up its weapons of mass
destruction or Libya and then the
countries were invaded and the leaders
were executed it also is fully aware of
what happened to East Germany it does
not want to be swallowed up by a more
internationally connected second half of
the country so the North Korean
government is acutely aware of the
imperative need for its own security and
that's all it really seeks here is a
security guarantee you I wanted to
mention one thing Peter real quick
Lindsey Graham represents a certain
sector of American public of a political
thinking where he said you know let's
get the war over with yeah basically
yeah he you know he plays golf with
Donald Trump oh yeah let's get the war
over with because all the dying will be
over there it goes back to your earlier
question there's kind of a gratuitous
immoral unethical position of American
policymakers let's have a war because
only Koreans or Japanese or people from
the from the asia-pacific will die
that's a minority sentiment right now
but I think it's a sentiment that's
playing when I'm trying to convince the
Trump administration to reverse course
here I'm going to go down that road and
that's why they want to have a parade
afterwards okay let me go back to the
professor in Cambridge that doesn't it
doesn't the u.s. put itself in a very
difficult situation because it's just
really not about South Korea and it's
its position there it's all of the other
alliances in the Pacific and you know
the Japanese are gonna be watching the
people in Taiwan are going to be
watching the Philippines etc etc and in
the because I've always argued against
these alliances because they're too calm
located and your alliance partners can
pull you into a conflict that you really
don't want and but all of these partners
gonna be looking at the u.s. if the
Korean some somehow can come to some
kind of agreement the United States is
going to look weak no matter what the
u.s. does it's going to it's going to
backfire on itself okay and that's why
they continue with this very hard line
because if the perception will be if you
give give up on one you will give up on
all the others because certainly Japan
doesn't want to see a united Korea go
ahead professor right yeah you you're
pointed out great points and but what I
wanted to highlight that there was you
know international dimension or regional
dimension is quite closely related to
domestic political dimension as well for
instance we need to keep it in mind for
instance in the South Korean politics
for the past 70 years after the
liberation a conservative group
dominated Korean politics around more
than 60 years right so the thing is that
those conservative groups in a basic
railing point is anti-communism were
anti North Korea and then those
conservative domestic groups quite
closely linked with the American
hardliners you know hard-line position
so that kind of linkage between domestic
political dimension in a conservative
you know politics and then alliance
relationship makes a you know very
complicated so I expected in a mundane
government will try to slow down and
coordinate this you know international
and the domestic political situation all
together so it's a very you know tricky
and difficult job but I think matching
the sequence and pacing of inter-korean
relationship with the alliance
coordination would be critical you know
Gregory what it what could be next here
because I mean I I certainly don't know
I ho think I know about Korean culture
is its food and it's great okay but well
is there kind of a cultural you know a
cultural dynamic that can take on a life
of its own here I mean taking one step
and another step what would be the next
one because as we said in the first part
of the program the South Koreans don't
have a whole lot of leeway but there are
other things they might be
to do what could they be go ahead to a
certain extent a speculation but as far
as what the Korean press says in
response to kim yo-jong invitation for
moon jaein to come to pyongyang and meet
kim jeong-hoon
the earliest convenience and improve
relations he said well let's create the
necessary conditions and there has to be
dialogue between North Korea and the
United States in order for South Korea
and North Korean relations to improve
makes it predicated on improving us and
relations with the US unfortunately did
not send a return letter in response to
Kim jong-un's personal letter but what
the South Korean government is talking
about is as an as an initial step is to
set a send a a private a low-level envoy
not connected to government that would
discuss domestic issues such as
reuniting divided families and so forth
as a starting point and from there is
try to slowly expand the types of
contacts but it'd be very low-key and I
think I think moon jaein is still tied
in to the view that he's got to bring a
lot of the United States you know yeah
can't make baby kicking and kicking and
dragging them to peace here kicking
kicking and screaming absolutely Brian
I'll give you the last word here what do
you think is gonna happen next year
because I don't see the u.s. backing
down they want that bloody noise I mean
that would be the end of the peninsula's
we know at go ahead Brian yeah the
American government fears that peace
could break out in the Korean Peninsula
because that would of course upset and
overturn American preeminence and
dominance over the Korean Peninsula over
over South Korea the Korean people do
want peace
I hope moon jae-in goes faster rather
than slower because the only way that
America's obstinacy can be overcome is
through momentum okay I'm the giant
slows it down it tries to cater to the
u.s. it won't work on that positive note
here many thanks and I guess in
Washington Columbus and in Cambridge and
thanks to our viewers who are watching
us here at RT see you next time and
remember crosstalk rules
