previously on the great American
pilgrimage all right brother we're
pulling into Massachusetts Oh gorgeous
color what you got here is fall and
Boston Mass oh yeah so sorry that was
Ted Kennedy I really did
hey everybody I'm Stephen Baldwin
gosh I look fantastic Hollywood guy
usual suspects my favorite movie proud
American first of all I'm just as George
Washington and RV enthusiast Uncle
Stevie B's and dads who drive the big
bus this is my buddy max famous
financial guru and well he's a little
bit different last but not least my
larger-than-life Pomeranian
an aspiring star Rio with all the drama
happening in our great country I'm
hitting the road to have some fun
me everyday Americans forward
what's America to you our ancestors
suffered the most see how things got so
crazy I was naked completely naked he
bit my finger hopefully start to bridge
the gap this is the great American
pilgrimage
it's day 2 in New England and Stephen
makes his way to a historic restaurant
to meet with a local Vietnam veteran and
a single father who has had more than a
few obstacles to overcome
we're gonna go say hi come on
good afternoon gentlemen how are you
doing good
what's your name hey Bruce I'm Steve did
you see real Wow
he's pretty cool huh
you guess mr. Rios it you can tell
they're really impressed well you want
to ask some fun
I need some help will you take him for a
walk
thanks buddy yeah okay you probably go
right down there by the water and
appreciate that and Bruce jr. Andreo set
off to have some good clean fun how you
doing
so Bruce as I understand it the old mill
here is one of your frequent hangouts am
i correct yes well you're like me
brother you're a little smarter than
maybe you look thank you this is heaven
yeah it is beautiful it's fantastic tell
me some more about this neighborhood
this town because uh we've been meeting
some lovely folks and just the folks in
Massachusetts just seems so nice so nice
that they have the self-proclaimed
nickname masters it's uh Westminister
the town it's a very nice town it's um
very quiet small town that you seek
right now it's very quiet peaceful
except for that people got a purse
yes they did what year were you born I
was born in 1948 forty-eight I was born
in 66 clothes 1958 48 48 well I'm not
even close no she's the reason I'm just
the hosting program yep we can't agree
more
where'd you go to school uh in Lexington
school system graduated and then got
drafted
so was 19th I was drafted in nineteen
six
right out of high school no kid I was -
Wow drafted right into the military 1968
take me through after the draft tell me
the story I was drafted in the spring I
went through basic training I went down
to Fort Dix New Jersey then I was in
Fort Bliss Texas for an advanced
individual training and went from there
to California and was shipped to Vietnam
all in the same year yeah and what
aspect of the military was it it was in
the army
I was in small artillery
what they called quad 50s was for 50
caliber machine guns mounted on a turret
which was on the back of a Deuce and a
half or a five-ton truck I know what
that is okay yep and what what division
were you in and all that G battery 65th
artillery and where did you go first and
Vietnam Danang and then I was shipped up
to Dong Ha and everywhere you went it
was just nuts yeah you know I was on the
front line ninety percent of my time
there holy moly
I was in a shower Valley I don't know if
you ever heard of hamburger hill yeah I
was on eagle's nest which overlooked the
valley right we were surrounded one
night and they brought in off the Magic
Dragon Puff the Magic Dragon yeah that
was a c-130 right that napalm no c-130
had mini guns right and the whole
underneath of the c-130 was full of
ammunition
total job we'll just shoot just a
shooting push everybody back to protect
you guys
you know they shot all night and then
when they ran out of ammunition they
brought in Cobras then they shot
they were our only protection and then I
guess they drove the VC away and then
they went up I think to hamburger hill
and then that's when that whole fiasco
started they're about hamburger hill and
then were you outside of the hamburger
hill scenario oh yeah did you have miles
away they had us surrounded if it wasn't
for the Air Force coming in with puffs
and helicopters we wouldn't know
survived there was another Hill I don't
know a couple of miles away that was
overrun before I came out to this
particular position and
they lost almost everybody on that hill
and then of course hamburger hill that
was a massacre right
we lost guys there didn't we yeah a lot
of guys but your guys in the movement
all this we're okay
yeah we just hunkered down lucky yeah
Wow
a man huh I don't believe in luck I
believe in God God was looking over us
yeah absolutely
now let's check in with Bruce jr. and
Rio to see how they're doing on their
block
looks like it's going excellent
tell me the story you had some problem
with the fellow soldier we were out on
at Eagle's Nest out and had been
airlifted out and they placed you on the
side of the mountain and they give you a
50 thousand rounds and have at it and
we wasn't around at the time we had
taken some incoming and the gunner and
the squad leader both got hit they were
medevacked out and I was the only one
left so they had another guy fill in as
a gunner and we got into a firefight and
he wouldn't shoot so I hit him on the
top of the head with my helmet told him
the father he'd started shooting same
idea yeah and did he respond yeah
good yep see now it just goes to show
you Bruce these days you want to just
give your kid a little spank on the
bottom in the 21st century there's
probably better ways to discipline your
children what I do is take the phone
away or the tablet it works even better
yeah whatever you do don't whack little
Bruce on the head with the tablet okay
it's better when you're hitting somebody
else's kid yeah it's easier to hit
somebody else's then you're wrong you
should probably avoid that as well my
question is so with you and and your
comrades you're over there what do you
do for doubt we playing cards we uh yeah
I basically play cards when he had the
opportunity of sleep yeah because they
would attack at night and we would sleep
during the day no kidding
yeah night you couldn't smoke because
that would be a zero in for the Vietcong
to shoot at you they see the cigarette
they see any flat and they just shoot it
or a sniper
yeah and they shoot at that point so at
night you didn't if you smoke you smoked
like this Cup
so that they couldn't see in the
cigarette right because that would
lights up a dead giveaway that could
have been a big problem yes but you quit
now oh yeah 18 years you're a smart man
either they're doing laps around the
restaurant or they've only traveled 20
feet in that time a lot of famous movies
about Vietnam and there's one movie that
shows like this helicopter come in with
some entertainment for the troops you
know do you ever experience one of them
no I'm sorry I haven't the only thing I
bring the Playboy Bunnies into hamburger
help know what they did was they brought
to us oh girls write in to our position
for I guess a half an hour and would you
steered him from like a hundred yards
away no we got to talk with them and
they just we're nice and they were just
nice and it was just like sitting down
and just having a conversation so to
speak because we didn't have any place
else to go actually because the position
we were at was on top of a mountain
then they airlifted him back out how
long were you uh
active in Vietnam that was the first
tour I was I was only there for one tour
I extended my time so I could get an
early out of the service I stayed 14
months total because I only had two
years in the service if you had 18
months when he returned to the United
States you could get out early and
that's what you did yeah I had enough
but she did I just got lucky and just
did what I was supposed to I did the
last two months
burning the what we used to call the and
light in the showers was ended well and
out hoses and they had 55-gallon drums
cut in half and underneath and that's
where you went to the bathroom and they
had holes in the outhouse and that was
my duty the last two months so you
finished up the 18 months yep good lucky
I got home in 1970 tell me about that
the word that we got when we were still
in Vietnam is you didn't want anybody to
know where you came from because it
wasn't a very popular war
yeah so I went and got my tickets when I
had my uniform on and then I took my
uniform off and got on the plane and
went home I called my family from lost
and then they came up and got me
obviously there's a lot of bad memories
associated with that being an unpopular
war so how long after you got home could
you even start saying yeah I was I was
I'm a veteran I fought in Vietnam
I would say up until a couple of years
ago
so how long after you got home could you
even start saying yeah I was I was I'm a
veteran I fought in Vietnam
I would say up until a couple of years
ago
so probably in the last ten years since
they've been coming out with veterans
right and recognizing that recognizing
the fact so it's kind of it's a good
thing yeah it is now
yeah can you look back on all that and
say you know with all of what was
reported and the way all the story
happened is there a part of you maybe
now that understands the confusion or in
your heart and mind do you say to
yourself it doesn't matter I was serving
my country I can understand
because in the beginning it was it was
popular but then
as the war went on people were against
it so I can understand
the change of heart feelings
they didn't they wanted us to come home
they just wanted it to stop
but guys like you were stuck in the
middle of that you know so you got home
and you laid low and what did you do
after that did you work well actually I
I bought a new truck a new boat and went
fishing for ten months
where'd you catch oh I was going for
striped bass anything that I could catch
itself down on Cape Cod oh yeah yeah no
it's your official ocean I just went out
fishing I would go out and make enough
money from the fishing to buy gas for
the truck the boat and buy some beer
what more was it what kind of beer did
you drink st. Pauli girl I drink the
same product but non-alcoholic I have an
allergy to alcohol
oh I break out in handcuffs okay I
understand my luck without coal ran out
Bruce yeah long time ago yeah mine did
too
I don't I don't drink anymore but you're
still fish oh yeah gosh I just hope I
get to come back sometime and visit you
again take me fishing I'm sure they
would be best friends speaking of best
friends let's check in with Ryo and his
new pal
who are on their 39th lap around the old
mill
and tell me about your son Bruce he's
walking real the Pomeranian how old is
he he's 12 he's a big boy for 12
yeah he's growing like a weed like the
rest of them yep
what's it been like for you the reality
of Bruce jr. coming into your life and
then how that's affected things up until
now well it's been your single dad
yeah his mother has had some problems
and that's why he's with me Brett it's
just been tough to take care of him and
then having cancer oh my goodness no
bone cancer when I was in the service I
was exposed to Agent Orange in Vietnam
how long after that did you find out
about I just found out let's see about a
year and a half ago you were exposed to
Agent Orange 50 years ago yeah so what
was in my body all that time I didn't
know it I just couldn't sleep one night
went into the hospital and they did a
bunch of blood tests and they came up
with the fact that I had bone cancer the
doctor told me that I had only bout a
year to live because it was Stage four
Frank he asked me if I'd been in the
service and I told him yes and then he
wanted to know what branch were you when
I said army he asked me was I in Vietnam
I said yes he said Agent Orange I said
really and it didn't look good in stage
four and I had to go in for chemotherapy
treatments and I guess the chemotherapy
can really mess up your mind of course
yeah it's very toxic process and I was
at the point where I didn't know who I
was aware I was I was double-checking
everything I was doing because I was you
weren't sure if he forgot yeah and I
thought maybe I did have all time and so
dementia right because my memory wasn't
there
how old are you 69 I'm 51 and I got the
worst dang memory Bruce no kidding you
just asked him that 10 minutes ago
yeah my kids and my wife makes
enemy I'm 51 I'm going Lord it's just
pre Alzheimer's what's good yeah I think
it's a I think it's a you'll worry about
it's a little bit sign of the times yeah
we got more to be worried about so we
forget more yeah and how you doing today
good it's been four months since I had a
stem cell transplant today the
technology they have the stem cell
transplant saved me if I was diagnosed
ten years ago would have been a death
sentence what did you learn about that
huh how did it help you in addition to
maybe normal chemo or any of that you go
through an awful lot to get the stem
cell done I went into the hospital they
cut your neck and they put a tube down
and they have three ports so that they
don't have to keep sticking you when you
in the hospital yeah we had to lay in a
bed for about six hours and they pump
your blood through a machine and it just
goes in a circle and they take the stem
cells out and they put them in a bag and
then they freeze it and then when you go
to have the transplant I had three days
of chemotherapy high doses of
chemotherapy then they take the stem
cells out far out of them out and then
they put the stem cells back in
chemotherapy kills all diseases all the
cancer in your body after that when they
put the stem cells back in those stem
cells are cancer free - right so that
when they put them back in their
strengthened because the cancers been
beat back so what helps your bones get
healthier and stronger faster is the
rejuvenated stem cell yes
man isn't that something yeah it is
imagine if I told you right after you
got back from Vietnam we could do
something like that you wouldn't believe
me well I wouldn't have believed I had
cancer in the first place through
Veterans Affairs and all that did you
have everything you needed you were
taken care of no I had to fight for
everything as I've been going it took me
quite a while to get recognition stating
the fact that yes we acknowledge you
were exposed to Agent Orange in Vietnam
and that's what's caused the cancer and
that you are on a percent disabled and
they finally recognized the fact
February that's when I can receive my
first check and a letter and they're
gonna cover all those costs and pay all
those bill I go to Fitchburg which is
the next town over and go to the VA and
they take care of anything and
everything in there good fine that's the
way it should be my friend
so is it is it accurate to say it's been
four months you've been cancer for it
yes god bless you brother that's good
stuff right well I've noticed within the
last
for months as I progressed from my
treatment what a difference
I can now balance my checkbook right I
got lucky again somehow miraculously the
cancer didn't come sooner it just
happened to come out whenever it came
out like 50 years later so you could
immediately go in and get the treatment
you needed so that yeah ten years ago
they wouldn't have been able to do what
they doing today that's up yep it's nice
to sense is that you're at a place of
peace it seems to me like you're content
you're okay with all of it and now you
can just do your best to take it one day
at a time and stay in the solution yeah
get on the light so to speak as we wrap
up our interview with Bruce
Stephen is distracted by a sound that's
dear to his heart these bikers are on a
pilgrimage of their own and have worked
up quite the appetite and it looks like
Bruce jr. has finally gotten tired of
walking Stephens dog god bless you my
friend there he is there's my man Rio
thanks Bruce
how'd you guys do did you hang out a
little bit do you like my buddy Rio he's
the prince of the pilgrimage you come
sit here young man thank you so much god
bless you guys don't get up Bruce you
get to shake hands with the Rio de
Janiero I'll see you yep take care you
too buddy
good afternoon how you all doing Hey
nice day for a bike ride a heard the
engines a little bit ago I used to ride
bikes when I was younger
I'm Steve bubbler what's your name nice
to meet you hug you hey what's your
sweater all about operation Delta dog
it's where they take shelter dogs and
train them and give them to our veterans
yeah yeah that's awesome that's totally
cool I've heard of service dogs for vets
but I never heard of what cuz shelter
dogs being you know taking out cared for
trained what's the name of the
organization blue Reapers no second
called we're in Boston Massachusetts all
right well tell me more about Delta dogs
actually I have a brochure from the
event today so there's an event for
operation don't talk today we actually
ran a super a charity event today to
raise money for the actual organization
huh which which will be presenting to
them on Veterans Day
where they have one of their larger
events that we always go to the
supporter beer beautiful
so today the blue Reapers did a bike
ride as a fundraiser for Operation Delta
dot correct how many bikers were on the
ride 21 beautiful I think it's so
amazing I would love to hear more about
it if it's alright with you guys have a
safe ride and if it's a wreck and I
circle back with you on this one later
well Stefan I'll be in touch with you I
appreciate it thank you
after meeting with Bruce and learning
about the long-term effects of the
Vietnam War and also conveniently
running into another group of veterans
who are sponsoring a charity that's
close to Stephens heart it's time for
Steven to hit the road and meet back up
with max who is filming a Kaiser report
and with our heroes reunited they head
into Beantown to learn what it means to
be Boston strong
next time on the great American
pilgrimage there were two of our friends
were running the marathon and we heard
the first bomb go off
no it's not any kind of like a cannon
going off a few minutes later the second
one went off and the building shook they
saw people just running running and
people with blood and we're like what
the hell's going on you know when I took
the picture the two the two brothers
were in the picture yeah I still have it
you want to see it
