you auntie brexit party is about to be
launched in the UK with support from
across the channel French MPs belonging
to Emmanuel macron Zhan march movement
not only back the idea but have
reportedly been giving advice to the
founders of the new party
Charlotte Dubinski investigates this is
renew a brand new political party that's
about to launch in the UK its goals are
quite ambitious pledging to transform
British politics and reverse brigs it it
wants a second referendum on it
I think there's no chance of brexit
being reversed the people have spoken
and that's an end of the matter they can
bash their head against a wall
but although Gators are saw had well the
party is launching in the UK it's
getting advice from across the English
Channel here in France the helping hand
coming from a manual macrons party love
Republic on lush with advisers said to
have clean at a recent meeting
consulting about tactics and it's
launched one year ago trance was like UK
like the US
any other countries looking for hope
because it was fitting in despair I
think that today too in Britain you can
look at the future with hope and I think
that the movement that Chris and others
are leading with renew is a future you
can embrace pouring the ideas of Mekons
on Marsh which invited in everyday
people regardless of their experience in
politics who knew also calls on everyone
to join and those behind it hope it'll
work for them too we don't have much
time the only way of winning is by the
same miracle as mackerel the UK
Electoral Commission says there is no
issue with a British party receiving
advice from a foreign political party
providing it receives no funding from it
sounds fair enough but what the reaction
be if the advice was coming from a
Russian party well there'd be a great
outcry as there would be if politicians
from any political unit from any other
country we're trying to advise
politicians or tell them what to do but
I mean what we should all be doing of
course is talking to politicians from
other countries not to get advice from
them not to be told what to do but
simply to find out what's going on in
those countries
we asked Renu for an interview to
discuss the new party but they said they
were too busy however they made their
feelings about our tea clear say that
our tea would look to undermine them it
also accused the channel of being a
propaganda tool and suggested that
Russia had interfered in the brexit vote
dividing the UK from Europe despite a
lack of concrete evidence Renu clearly
doesn't have a problem when it comes to
seeking the advice of a foreign power
such as France when it comes to
reversing brexit a referendum in which
the majority of voters opted to leave
that you so it seems that for Renu
meddling is ok it just depends on the
country involved charlotte Dubinski Rt
Paris
