for too long the United States has
turned a blind eye to the atrocities
being committed against civilians in
Yemen by the Saudi US coalition just
last month the saudi-led coalition
dropped a us-made bomb in a devastating
it's on a school bus that killed 40
children just the latest in a long
string of horrors in this genocide a war
that has killed tens of thousands of
Yemeni civilians with bombs and mass
starvation creating the worst
humanitarian crisis in the world yet
today in Yemen our military continues to
wage this interventionist war alongside
Saudi Arabia unauthorized by Congress
the time for crocodile tears and
baseless platitudes is over enough is
enough
the US must end its support for Saudi
Arabia and stop waging interventionist
Wars that increased destruction death
and suffering around the world drain our
resources here at home and threaten our
own national security
