surion air defense has responded to new
Israeli raids near the capital Damascus
the Israeli military confirms its
attacked 12 targets in Syria including
both Syrian and Iranian facilities the
IDF is striking numerous Syrian in
Iranian military targets in Syria in
response to Iranian aggression more to
follow Israel says the raid was in
retaliation for its fighter jet being
downed by the Syrian military the jet
crashed in northern Israel with the
pilots managing to eject
however Damascus says that it's air
defenses hit the plane in response to a
previous attack by Israeli forces the
perspectives of Syria and Israel in the
situation differ in certain respects
this morning the Syrian Army Command
issued a statement confirming that
Syrian aerial defences intercepted
Israeli fighter jets that were carrying
out an airstrike on a location in
central parts of the country and then
later on son a news agency the state
news agency said that Israel carried out
subsequent airstrikes on locations west
and south of the Syrian capital Damascus
and also said that aerial defenses from
the Syrian army have been intercepting
these attacks according to my sources by
9:30 local timing all airstrikes stopped
we all we can also confirm that the
sites that were targeted in
the earlier attack that took place in
Ando today is the t4 airbase in central
Syria in the deserts of central Syria
near Palmyra my military sources are
saying that there has been no casualties
only three wounded soldiers in this
don't attack but there is no official
confirmation so far and positions that
were hit today and the subsequent
attacks are in the mass area west of
Damascus and in caseware area south of
Damascus guess where has been hit before
by Israeli airstrikes earlier this year
and back then Israel said that it hit
what it believed to be and a gathering
of Iranian advisers in the command
building of the Syrian army's 1st
Armored Division well it's a play in
three acts it all started with an
Iranian drone a remotely piloted vehicle
which entered Israel proper we don't
know yet whether for surveillance or
attack and it was shot down by an
Israeli armed Apache helicopter now
following that particular incident the
Israeli Air Force has retaliated against
the launcher of this particular drone
hitting the command and control vehicle
and perhaps the launcher itself and
during this attack one of the Israeli
f-16s was either hit by Syrian ground
defenses or the pilots got the
impression that they are about to be hit
and bailed out so Israel has lost one
f-16 and following that Israel has again
retaliated hitting the twelve targets
several of them being Iranian and
several Syrian this is the most serious
incident between Israel and Syria and
definitely between Israel and Iran in
many years perhaps in
ten or fifteen years we have not seen
the like of it let's cross live to
Jerusalem now to discuss this with Max
Blumenthal author and senior editor at
the real News dot-com mr. Blumenthal
welcome to the program it's good to see
you you're in Jerusalem right now can
you tell us what the situation is like
there what the feeling is in the city
and have you heard anything have you
felt anything yeah right now in Tel Aviv
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and
defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman are
meeting with army chief of staff Gary
Eisen khat and the entire Army Command
at the Defense Ministry this meeting has
been going on since the morning no one
has come out Netanyahu has muzzled his
cabinet ministers and at the same time
it's been reported that Netanyahu has
gotten on the phone with his American
and Russian counterparts in an attempt
to de-escalate the situation Netanyahu
seems to have every intention of not
escalating which is very significant for
a number of reasons and when he muzzles
his cabinet ministers that usually means
that he doesn't want anything to come
out in the Israeli press which could
trigger further escalation this is being
covered constantly by the Israeli news
and it's all the country is talking
about right now how serious is this
incident in your opinion it's it's a
dramatic incident for a number of
reasons first of all this is the first
Israeli plane that Syria has down since
second of all Israel is unable to
escalate for a number of reasons
Benjamin Netanyahu was in the opposition
when the Israeli government attacked
southern Lebanon and lost to Hezbollah
in 2006 and he fears another escalation
in which Hezbollah is substantially
stronger after the experience it's
gained on the Syrian battlefield and the
Syrian army has gained advanced Russian
air defenses the s 200 for example which
appears to have downed this f-16 so
Israel is in a tight bind here and they
have blamed this entire incident on Iran
and consider it an attack on Israeli
sovereignty which is actually frankly
bizarre because the Israeli military
twelve targets inside Syria not Israel
and the Golan Heights is considered
under international law Syrian territory
Iranian targets were also hit in this
incident what kind of response if any do
you expect from sir wrong you know it's
it's unclear to me if Iran is really
calling the shots here I mean this
appears to be the Syrian government
after losing something like 100 soldiers
either from of its from its own regulars
or a allied militia to American
airstrikes has decided that it's had
enough with these infringement saan its
sovereignty and that it will strike back
it appears to be striking back with
advanced Russian anti-aircraft missiles
and another significant instance here or
angle here is that Israel has had to be
very precise in responding to what what
it calls in an Iranian drone because
Russian military assets are honeycombed
across Syrian air bases the very air
bases Israel attacks and Israel's afraid
to strike any Russian targets so again
this is a difficult moment for Benjamin
Netanyahu and we also have to keep in
mind the domestic circumstances
Netanyahu is facing police
recommendations for his own indictment
for corruption charges there are going
to be massive protests against Netanyahu
tonight in Tel Aviv and many of those
protesters are insisting somewhat
conspiratorial II that Netanyahu is
seeking an escalation to distract from
his own corruption problems and domestic
plight we're already seeing an
escalating situation in the north of
Syria how high do you think is the risk
of further escalation in southern Syria
I mean do you expect further attacks to
happen I mean we saw earlier we saw last
year a lot of action in southern Syria
around kalamoon there was a pretty
strong evidence that Syrian rebel
insurgents connected to al-qaeda were
actually coordinating attacks with
Israel where they would fire a mortar
into the Golan Heights or into Israeli
territory to give the Israel the pretext
to attack the Syrian army
but I think we're gonna have to
reevaluate our entire analysis of what
happens along the Syrian and Israeli
border because the fact that Syria has
demonstrated deterrent capacity against
Israeli Jets today and its willingness
to take them down and because of the
fact that Netanyahu is demonstrating his
lack of interest in escalating
