hundreds of supporters of a far-right
party have clashed with police in the
central Italian city of matsarata just a
week ago mature artists offered a
racially motivated shooting which left
six injured
the shooter was targeting African
migrants police found a copy of Hitler's
Mein Kampf in his apartment as well as a
flag with a far-right symbol the shooter
said he acted after the death of an
Italian woman allegedly killed by a
Nigerian asylum seeker the far-right
shooters sparking massive debates about
the growth of neo-fascist forces in
Italy Italian as well as foreign media
have weighed in the shooters lawyer told
journalists that his client was greeted
as a hero in prison police say that
racial and religious violence has soared
in recent years now these are the
shocking numbers that we received from
Italian police hate crimes have jumped
tenfold in just the space of four years
the issues raising concern at the very
highest level with Italy's justice
minister revealing he was threatened
when he visited the mature artists
shooting victims in hospital he named a
controllin today i received threats
against me and my family but I was
taught the fascists run away when the
time comes to take action so I'm not
scared to Claudio D'Amico member of the
Italian right lega Nord Party joins me
live on the line very good evening to
you cloud yeah now there's a video I
understand circulating in the media that
shows the matsarata shooter shaking
hands with the leader of your party also
in 2017 the shooter is said to have
stood as a candidate for your party that
was in a local election how do you feel
about this seeming connection as your
party trying to distance itself from the
shooter at this point
of course our party is a party that
doesn't like violence so if this guy did
what he did he became a criminal so we
are very strict about that and our
weapons are pencil in the next election
the people will use it to vote and this
is the only way we act we are acting as
a political party our party became a
national party so in the next election
our leader mr. salvini
will present himself as lega without the
word North because now he's presenting
himself as a candidate as a Prime
Minister for all over Italy every day he
has at least four or five speeches in
front and thousands of people and at the
end of these speeches all the people
want to take a picture with him a selfie
with him shake hand with him and those
meetings are open to everyone not only
to members of a small club so every
citizen can come and speak with salvini
after his speech shake hand so this has
happened that guy was not the criminal
before to make this criminal act after
that is a criminal but before it's not a
criminal
so how can we do if someone had in his
mind something wrong is not our fault
maybe it was shouting and supporting mr.
Savini in speeches has thousand thousand
thousand thousand thousand of people so
is not I can say is not a problem for us
is a problem of what's happening in
Italy the situation is not very safe
because a lot of
argument on the immigration issue you
know a few days ago an immigrant from
Africa
cut in many pieces 18 years Italian girl
and put those pieces in a bag so you
know when something like that happen
maybe in some people that is not very
very well in his mind something can
happen this is a psychiatric problem but
can happen when people that is not
really saving his mind see some shocking
shocking feel though about what fold
increase in hate crimes in in just four
years
so any violent act carried out by by an
immigrant it seems like the response is
is also considerable surely this is not
good for the country as a whole how do
you feel about what's been reported as a
rise of nationalism and fascism in Italy
well we have a big problem because the
our enemy so it means a political enemy
like Democratic Party or older left
strong left-wing party they believe that
everyone doesn't support them is a
fascist or is a nationalist or is a
populist so they use those terms to
Delhi GT mate all the others
we are working in a political field and
we believe that our idea could be one of
the many ideas in politics and we are
not arguing the others in a very bad way
but they like to argue and call us like
fascists or something like that this is
not true we are just telling to the
people that we need law we need control
of our country we cannot lose our
identity because Italy if this mood of
immigration will arise and we will
continue we lose an identity in history
of thousand thousand of years and we
don't want to lose it but this is not
because we are fascist or resist or
something it's just because we would
like to keep in the better way our
country and you know as I told you our
weapons move on one we have time to an
ally of your party the former PM Silvio
Berlusconi he's called migrants a time
bomb that's fairly aggressive rhetoric
it's only going to further divide people
you said your weapon is your your
pension shouldn't you be trying to bring
people together isn't that a bad thing
to hear from your allies such a divisive
talk well we are running for an election
with a coalition coalition with the
party of mr. Berlusconi and other two
parties so this is a big coalition we
are sure that we will win and of course
we are different parties we can have
some little difference on issues but we
will always will find we did in the past
when we have been in the government and
very seriously we found always the right
way to act together and when we have
been in the government last time in 2008
to 2011 we
practically stopped the arrival of
illegal immigrants in 2011 we had only
four thousand arrival in one year in
last year we had more than 140,000
arrival of illegal immigrants in Italy
so you can see the difference and this
is a bomb but because the most of those
people are illegal they will never get
the the paper as refugee because just
the five maximum ten percent of them is
a real refugee to interrupt you at that
point I allowed you to finish it the
point you were making there were at a
time they suddenly cloudy have many
thanks Clara D'Amico my guest member of
the Italian right lega Nord party
