I became aware of I had tomaybe in I say
about two years ago
and I was kind of struck by this girl
stand up the Israeli soldiers mm-hmm in
the meantime I have a lot of Palestinian
friends and I was getting more disturbed
as they told me that her village is
under attack he was simply trying to
stop the Israelis and in the course of
all this her 17 year old cousin was shot
in the head and killed murdered violent
is a great photograph by a high I'm
short Sandberg I think is the same
photographer who did the photograph that
I derive my image from of an Israeli
armed personnel carrier door opening gun
comes out blows the kid away he's thrown
stones it's not a criminal mr. criminal
offense but it's not you know a
death-penalty offense and then I find
that they've shot her seven-year-old
brother in the head and he's in hospital
in the induced coma for 72 hours further
I presume Israeli surgeons there's lots
of good people as well tried to save his
life and I thought oh that's very it is
disturbing but it's very disturbing on
such such young people and I thought
she's next
there'll be no doubt about that it's a
political statement of course but it's
much more important that it's my effort
to raise awareness so they can't simply
kill this little girl and that's how
seriously I'm abortion that's a serious
they are too I know how to behave given
that Wonder Woman is in the news I'm
Gayle Gado is an ex Israeli IDF soldier
I talk well there is a real Wonder Woman
and it's this kid so that's what
prompted me to use the logo and
obviously I've credited copyright to the
owners normally I'm just a note note
political animal in this case I believe
I'm working for a higher purpose which
is to save young girls like
so what I'm hoping to do with this and
it's already you know out there his make
it viral it's a free download on my own
website Jim Fitzpatrick com just go on
download or print it off all yours I've
made it under Creative Commons so that
it can be free use but non-commercial so
it's free to use for anybody but
essentially what I want to do is bring
the place of this young girl and her
family and her village I think it the
sharper focus great thing about being
the artist who created a shake of our
poster is that it gives you immense
persuasive power the power of propaganda
is what it is and I've used that with
the shade for god knows how long now but
it gives me a kind of a status so when I
do something like this it becomes
important in its own right it's not my
Eagle it just means I can use the shade
to promulgate something that's very
important and correct and in this case
this little girl's life to me is current
and very important
