today the body of Russian and military
pilot Romanov filippov was brought to
his hometown of Voronezh at the major
died fighting in Syria after his plane
was shot down by militants we can now
cross live to of Voronezh in central
Russia artis within a cogent of are
standing by who's now at the memorial
service a Medina a very solemn day for
everyone it is true the body of major
Roman Filippo who died tragically
fighting in Syria will be buried here in
his hometown of fairness and his body
was retrieved from Syria with the help
of Russia Turkey cooperation and was
sent this morning from Moscow now
commemoration ceremony is just about to
begin here and just to get here we came
through a crowd of hundreds of people
many of whom were holding flowers his
family members are here
and yes colleagues his friends people
that he studied with and worked with all
came here to pay their last respect now
the pilots plane was shut down on
Saturday in the northwestern part of
Syria which is still controlled by the
latest incarnation of the terrorist
group Al nusra the pilots tried to
remain in the aircraft as long as he
could but then he managed to eject from
the plane only to find himself
overwhelmed by terrorists the pilot of
the planes supporting filippov has
shared the details of their last
communications
his voice remained calm when I warned
him there after you get out of there
manoeuvre yes I see them was the
commander's reply and then he said so
evenly as if it was something ordinary
and unimportant
I got hit hit hard the right is on fire
moving south
the left slowing down too and about 20
seconds later he added call the search
and rescue team then he ordered me to
gain altitude of course I didn't do it
to leave my commander is the last thing
I would do I always tried to have his
back during flights and now I had to do
it on the ground while he was fighting I
stayed there and made several attacks
hit two vehicles that were getting
closer to the olive groves where Ramon
touched down I stayed until the fuel was
extremely low I barely made it back to
the airfield Ramon had waited for the
terrorists to get closer to him and only
after that he decided to detonate a
grenade taking his own life and avoiding
capture he even managed to shout this is
for our lats when he did that after the
incident Russia's Defense Ministry
released several details of his life
Roman left a wife and a four-year-old
daughter behind he was an experienced
pilot and it was not his first time
serving in Syria he was part of dozens
successful military operations and she
was only 33 years old when his alive
tragically ended but he died as a hero
fighting terrorists on his own
my Nazis within a Cochin about that live
at the memorial service in Bordeaux -
thank you the story of the pilots
bravery has not gone unnoticed arti
received this letter from a veteran US
servicemen offering support and asking
if there is a fund collecting donations
for his widow and child
we have asked at the Russian Armed
Forces if such a fund is being created
we are now waiting for clarification
though the man who wrote that letter
Steve Salah he gave us his thoughts on
major filippov story he knew what his
chances were and he knew what he had to
do and he knew he was never going to be
captured
that's a decision he had to make very
hard decision to make but I salute him
he did what he had to do this was a
personal decision he knew what could
happen to him he knows what can happen
to other troops and what has happened to
uh his comrades these are very important
people to you when you do most anything
for them even risk your life he had to
die like this had he I wonder if I would
be brave enough to do what he did he was
he was a good man I wish I'd do it
