hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report we are going to delve into the
outer shell the inner shell of the mega
shell and the meta shell of who we are
who we what is going on Stacy Herbert
obviously I'm not Stacy Herbert I'm max
keiser how can that be um
the Kaiser uber talked to me
no actually I saw this tweet it's
hysterical human uber developed in Japan
provides a way to attend events remotely
using another person's body a
surprisingly natural says this inventor
gen Rick Emoto of Sony now I don't know
quite if it's a joke but the photos are
funny and you know it is something like
that was done on South Park once so
usually it means sometime anything
mocked on South part as a ridiculous
thing that Kenny and Cartman would do
well that usually becomes the future so
that was the Simpsons they predicted all
kinds of things a family guy oh yeah
well I guess you know the way this would
work is for example those glasses made
by I don't know snap I mean you can have
a video enable glasses you can go to the
event wearing glasses with video cameras
and then you can tap into somebody at
the event and see the event as they're
seeing it through their glasses or they
have these new contact lenses that are
video cameras that you just click on
with a blink of your of your eyes I mean
you can rent into somebody's body into
their presence watch them experience
something in real time through that link
well the image shown in this and I don't
know if it's part of a fake story of
fake news and funny stuff on Twitter but
it's just an iPad strapped to somebody's
face and you Max Keiser would be face
timed in and peep and somebody else is
walking around as you what about one of
those you know iPods on or iPads on a
stick and wheels they can roll around so
you just parts know didn't have appeared
at events like that it's not a head
transplant right I mean you're not
transplanting my head on do it something
another person and then sending that to
see the hockey game well I saw that and
I thought that it could be applied to
this first headline I have here Dutch
police to undress youths wearing clothes
deemed too expensive for them officers
will target young men wearing designer
clothes and watch as they seemingly
cannot afford police in the Dutch city
rotterdam have launched a new pilot
program which will see them confiscating
expensive clothing and jewelry from
young people if they look too poor to
hoon them well that's a discrimination
against crypto miners and crypto traders
because you know there's a whole
degeneration of teenagers and young
adults too who are a crypto millionaires
and of course they're not buying
expensive watches and Lamborghinis to
reflect their incredible wealth there's
a story at marketwatch.com
people showing the results of their 401k
plans they are millionaires and their
401k plans they're riding the bull
market wealth has become you know I was
I was a kid we had a show called
lifestyles of the rich and famous with
robin Leach he talked about all these
celebrities and all the gold and gilded
lifestyles they lead now this is
trickling down to the 21st century you
see all these teenagers now
multi-millionaire crypto traders on TV
yeah but this comes in an environment
and the Netherlands was part of the UK
French German us you know fraudster
banksters sort of people that destroyed
the global economy and no banker Jamie
Dimon and Lloyd Blankfein are still
walking around they are rich enough to
afford their Rolexes and expensive suits
but only because they is ill-gotten
gains so here they're saying if you look
to poor like what is what how do we how
do you look for like what if somebody
has a bad diet they eat too many Tide
Pods and they just look poorly and like
you don't look like you should be able
to afford that 1800 euro jacket they
said like too many people have too many
of these young guys we have no visible
means of support well they're wearing
expensive clothing and we're just gonna
take it we're gonna embarrass them by
undressing them in the middle of the
street and taking their car isn't this
just asset forfeiture well it made me
think of the United States I thought
like where this leads to is this next
headline in the United States Americans
cut savings to a 12-year low the drop
matters since consumers make up roughly
70% of the US economy while American
consumption continues to power the
economy there's a cautionary signal the
savings rate is falling in December the
rate fell to 2.4 percent the lowest
since September 2005 from 2.5 percent
the prior month according to Commerce
Department figures the drop matters
because consumers make up roughly 70% of
the
and they can only push savings down so
far before it impacts their ability to
keep spending which in turn fuels us
growth of course there's a lot of civil
asset forfeiture here in the United
States and cops will shake down all
sorts of young people so it makes sense
and not have any savings or not have any
assets because why would you because
it's just gonna be taken so you might as
well spend and consume as much a part of
Tide Pods as possible yeah civil asset
forfeiture and extends beyond just
minorities it's just all young people
now are having their assets stolen but
you know this is what I call the
frying-pan economy
so you just consume your way up until
market tops and then when the market
stopped in a crash it's like hitting
your head with a frying pan so you just
ring the bell of your skull and your
cranium is ringing and you wait for the
bailout to Capitan's it always does from
the central bank and then you go back
consuming again so it's just a
unconscious economy there's nobody ever
tries to switch from having a high
savings rate to switch to having a high
paying job it's just consumer debt
consumer debt frying-pan fam consumer
debt consumer debt frying-pan
fam that's the cycle of the economy
right now until such time as the polar
ice caps melt and we have nothing but
rising sea levels and everyone drowns I
saw somebody say Philip Caidic if you're
reading this tweet just kill all of us
now like we don't want to be in this
like so true it's a philip k dick
dystopian nightmare and we're living in
and he's writing it somewhere in a
parallel universe
please stop let us know I because this
whole boom bust boom bus thing you're
talking about it reminds me of like that
sci-fi series West world where all the
characters are on our loop but they feel
very deeply and passionately and they
feel loved and they feel stress and they
feel anxiety for their loved ones and
blah blah blah
but they wake up every single day and
their loved ones are slaughtered and
killed and everything taken by these uh
tourists it's like Groundhog's Day
written by philip k dick loop where they
wake up every single day and instead of
some charming rogue in the lobby of a
hotel trying to pickup out a macdonald
it's really just robots trying to kill
each other for a few extra points at the
pub well that's what it seems like with
these stories of the civil asset
forfeiture you know everyday you think
you wake up you go work you go set up
your Bitcoin mining rig or your Manero
or z cash and you think you're working
and adding to your value or your net
worth of them some cop shakes you down
and takes all your stuff and says go
back to work and you start over again
the next day and then they roll you Luke
loop round the loop it goes the circus
never ends the sideshows are now the
main show on the main stage with the
pantomime continuing indefinitely until
you hit the savings consumer hole of the
savings consumer and the pothole that is
Freud Bam Bam well here's another
headline that was out last week but I
saved it for this one because in your
second half you speak to the 20 year old
JP Barrack just 20 years old he's
already a big name in the crypto space
and two crypto mining not just Bitcoin
mining but Manero is he cash and others
Samsung South Korea's largest firm is
manufacturing ASIC chips for Bitcoin
mining Samsung the largest company in
South Korea which is accountable for a
large portion of the country's economy
has started the production phase of
Bitcoin and cryptocurrency mining
equipment and ASIC mining chips the
biggest company in South Korea a large
portion of South Korea's economy and
people think these stories about South
Korea possibly shutting down Bitcoin you
know that seems crazy because wherever
samsung goes the economy of South Korea
goes there's an old saying about that oh
yeah well you know I gotta get credit to
my old pal Rick bean yeah up there
in Stockholm who made the comparison
with Bitcoin and Bitcoin mining to the
oil industry and I think a lot of people
don't understand that it's fundamental
shift of the global economy due to
crypto mining is as significant as that
which we discovered during the oil boom
and the discovery of oil and it changed
the whole global economy the combustion
engine and all the huge wealth and
influence that came with the oil baron's
and now we're in the age of the crypto
barons and it's not just fluffy pony
there are other crypto Barons as well
exactly well they're getting in on the
game and I'll go into some of the
details about how significant this is
because right
by the way the real the only two ASIC
chip companies that control a large part
of the market or bit main and then
Taiwan's tsmc so they control a lot of
the chip market in terms of the fastest
mining and most efficient mining
capacity but here the Samsung is getting
in and they're like top of the game
nobody can compete with them on many
different you know aspects of a
production of semiconductor for example
for Apple but local media outlets
reported that Samsung partnered with a
Chinese Bitcoin mining equipment
manufacturer last year and finished the
development of its ASIC chips Samsung
which operates one of the largest
semiconductor as I said manufacturing
plants in the world will manufacture and
supply cryptocurrency mining equipment
to the Chinese market first which of
course is funny because you know it was
just announced that China is banning
mining of a Bitcoin in China but South
Korea is saying we're gonna provide some
mining equipment these chips for China
some people say that the again that's
just fake news as well that we're or
we're miss reading the statements coming
out of China that China just has there's
a problem with the local corrupt
officials who are doing deals with
Bitcoin miners getting the tax payer to
finance the electricity for the mining
operations and and taking all the money
themselves so again we don't know really
what's going on in that part of the
world but right now in the long-term
samsung plans to expand its mining
equipment venture from china to other
regions like South Korea and Japan that
have a stronger demand for crypto
currencies than other countries but part
of the reason you have all this
confusion is that national governments
in various locations still don't even
understand what cryptocurrency is how
mining works what Bitcoin does and that
confusion in that learning curve that
they haven't bothered to climb leads to
a lot of missed policy choices messed up
policy choices and it's because of a
massive confusion out there so little is
known about Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies
at all levels of government most levels
of the consumer world
even within the crypto community itself
probably less than 20% of the crypto
community even has a basic working
knowledge of how the technology works
but if we stay with this theme of
dystopian Philip Caidic sort of sci-fi
novels it could also be a dystopian sort
of prisoner's dilemma as this is why
there's so much confusion is you know
it's like one of those police
procedurals where they're going from
room to room to try to get the prisoners
to do you know the bad guys to turn on
each other here we're saying like which
country is the first to adopt Bitcoin or
crypto but should we be the first if
it's all a scam and they're all looking
at each other and everybody's moving for
incentives are balanced yeah that's the
elegance of the protocol that's the
genius of Satoshi that's why the
takeover is eminent and you have the
game theory played out on the sovereign
level the sovereign wealth funds we'll
be buying the central banks will be
buying Bitcoin prices teletrac to go to
a hundred thousand dollars a coin and
then finally just to put it into context
what it means in terms of who Samsung is
Samsung has a large scale and
sophisticated semiconductor
manufacturing plants which are capable
of matching orders of any size since
last year Samsung has been the sole
supplier of LED screens for Apple's
iPhone 10 production line because it has
been the only company that is able to
match the supply needed by Apple Apple
has invested billions and competitors at
LG but nobody is able to match what
Samsung can do I guess they didn't
really need that capacity because Apple
has not done so well with their iPhone
10 but Samsung is also after this basic
they're going to get into a GPU minor so
expanding the market to ordinary
investors as well cool well if you want
to learn more about mining stay tuned
for the second half our guest will break
it down don't go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I Max
Keiser time now to turn to JP barrack of
mining store JP welcome thank you all
right JP we ran into you recently at a
at a meet-up a bitcoin actually the
party the anniversary of the Genesis
block being launched and you're a minor
and this is really fascinating to a lot
of people is it fair to say you're in
your 20s or early 20s a fairly young guy
before we talk about your crypto mining
operations tell us about how and when
you got into cryptocurrency so I got
into crypto when I was a freshman high
school kind of got my whole school I was
much a really small high school got
everyone in on crypto everyone was
trading it you know so I guess when I
was 15 years old 16 years old what about
it I think it was I heard about once I
tried buying coins through like Dwalin
Mount Cox and I was like this is way too
complicated and then eventually
TechCrunch another article came home
like okay this stuff's crazy I need to I
want to do this and taught myself how to
you know get the coins and and I was
like well and I have Bitcoin let me see
what I can do with it from there it's
been just a learning process so there is
a story a few stories I've been reading
teenagers basically getting into crypto
and doing rather well and has it changed
your view on the economy or work or you
know you know you're in high school
suddenly you're mining currency and
you're you're exposed to a whole world
of economics and and and well how did
that affect you and you know at that
time well let's just say I spent a lot
of time focusing on Bitcoin thing went
down the rabbit hole like you know a lot
of people do and you just keep
researching researching I started
learning about how economics works you
know how the government works out you
know what money is and just kind of
really learned a lot and I was like wow
this stuff's crazy and started taking
away from my school and kind of spent a
lot on our crypto but I loved and I was
worth every minute of it honestly and
that's cool worthier profound your
teachers that were they interested in
this and that this kind of filter back
up to them to the older choice well I
got a lot of questions about crypto you
know I was a young kid and they were
always like what is this Bitcoin stuff a
lot of the classmates started joining in
on me
so we
started kind of taking over some of the
classes and all the discussions were
about Bitcoin and some almost every
project I did was about Bitcoin if I
could make it about it so I was kind of
known as the Bitcoin guy in school so
all right cool all right so now let's
talk about mining so when setting up a
crypto mining operation how difficult is
it to enter the space you know there's
competition for chips it's quite fierce
so how difficult now is it to get into
mining so right now we've actually seen
just the past since January first like
an 80 percent rise in graphics card
prices so it's been crazy everyone's
trying to get into the space because
there's a lot of money can be made but
it's just the biggest thing is is like I
told my names for anyone anyone can get
into it from someone who wants to be a
gamer we used to have a program that you
could you know my encrypted current gen
computer and get paid in paypal but you
know we eventually shut that down but
miners are for anyone from gamers till
you know large scale is to social
investors it's all about the capital you
have any lets anyone play the game it's
just the same level of returns on your
investment it's just you know if it's
$100 or if it's you know 10,000 or
100,000 right so you know we hear about
the cost of getting into the Bitcoin
mining now getting quite high and you
have institutional players and pools
getting together but you might across
the spectrum all kinds of coins right
well how do you determine what coin to
mine when it comes to asset management
for monitors it's a big thing because
you know you're mining cryptocurrency
when we started mining your money you
know hundreds of a theorem a day if you
have proper asset management and proper
portfolio management you're able to you
know reserve some of those for later
down the line and not sell them all so
really it comes down to which coins you
think are gonna do the best in the
future mining is kind of you know a
hedge to getting into crypto it's a
great way for people to get in who
haven't you don't really believe in
Bitcoin or don't can't really understand
it it's like okay well I have a physical
device it's making me money I can kind
of you know get a grasp of what it is
how do you let's say there's something
like 1,400 coins out there and depending
on a lot of variations you know some are
profitable to mine one day and not the
next
yes so I would go ahead and say that
most people most of our customers you
know my etherium and Zee cash them in
air or those like the big three and you
see customers will just mind that and
hold it but there's also some people
that use you know use nice hash
and has gone ahead and you know choose
the most profitable coins and
automatically sell them like I said it's
really you know why you're in money are
you in it for the long term or even if
we're holding the coins and just getting
them and not selling them if you're
sliding familiar for profit then you're
gonna mind something called the most
profitable coin and there's websites
like what to mancom that kind of show
you which coins the most profitable but
that switch is because you know as
difficulty goes down in some of these
coins and the price or price shoot up
you know the mining rewards are
basically in balance dynamic market so
let's say how would you describe to your
grandmother for example she would say JP
what is mining case if possible to sum
that up and we know in a one-minute
blurb how do you describe it well we
have funny enough you actually my
grandma was one of the first people kind
of got into mining with me you know back
in the day so I kind of explained to her
I was like so mining is this you know
it's a new real estate play for people
it's like if you want to go ahead and
you know you're buying a small mini
apartment complex and you're kind of you
know getting money from your tenants and
each one of these tenants is like you
know helping you make bitcoins and
they're kind of paying you for that so
it's kind of you know using that play to
explain it to people of kind of how like
the payment works and it's just an easy
way to explain it it's kind of like a
very somewhat a real estate investment
okay maybe too easy you understand
mining words can you just talk to the
audience out there what what is what is
crypto mining exactly I mean can you
break it down what what happens so yeah
I mean encrypt our mining you know
you're solving you're building a block
right it's the whole goal is to build
the next block in the blockchain and
you're kind of go to pools and you know
people join these pools and then the
pools all work together and they also
you know contribute to get this block I
would say you know I crept on mining if
for someone who's never like heard of it
it's just you're kind of securing the
blockchain I'm Fontaine kind of using
now is recently is like you're the
you're kind of you're securing the
network you're the army you're the
military for this currency you're
providing the security you know that's
of all the bitcoins out there of all the
etherium out there so no one can you
know overtake and have a 51% attack or
you know overtake the network so that's
another way to go about it that you know
might help answer some questions for
people who have no idea cuz when you
start explaining you know what actually
you know the math is and the technical
you know behind that it's people just
they just usually
glaze over and forget we're kinda we
talking about so well I mean JP you're a
minor you've made money mining do you
yourself or is it really necessary to
dive into the mathematics too
aggressively I mean it's not I don't
think it's necessary to that's good
there's definitely a there's something
people that need to do it and then
people have to have done it and you know
but they very thankful for them but you
know as a businessman you don't really
need to understand the technical
background of it because all the code is
out there it's open source and people
have you know vetted it and audit it and
looked at it it's really sit pretty
simple now you just kind of plug in your
computer and kind of start graphics with
your graphics cards to kind of start
mining you know different cryptocurrency
like a theorem or your ASIC minor you
just plug it in connect to a pool and
now it's going so there's not really any
technical background that you need to
have to get into mining now back in the
day it was a different story but okay
so have you had a push back from any any
level of authority could be even you
know a school authority or a federal or
a state authority or a federal
government has there been any pushback
whatsoever so I mean not really with
anyone from schools or you know in
school we were talking about if you were
like what are these mining things you're
running because we're like started
getting on the computers and like
testing them out on these school
computers and they were like oh what are
you guys doing it was like oh we're just
kind of playing around with stuff
they're using the school's energy yeah
let's say you know we all tested our
laptops you know back in the day okay
the most competitive locations at the
moment you ask Canada Iceland China they
price per kilowatt is a metric you hear
often do you look at that I mean is that
what's going on there and the energy
cost yes so that's the biggest thing
when you come to institutional mining is
you know when you're deploying millions
or tens of millions of dollars where the
assets it's that electro select Rissa t
cost you know either when it comes to
electricity cost it's pricing that out
you kind of want to get some basis like
you want to look for a 4.5 to you know
five cents per kilowatt we've seen you
know pricing down to two cents per
kilowatt in some places in the US and
it's really just finding it the biggest
thing I've seen is that actually the
u.s. infrastructure is having a hard
time scaling like the actual power
infrastructure having a hard time
scaling with the demands of these
cryptocurrency miners there's some
counties in you know in somewhere in the
u.s. that were have applications that
there's about a thousand megawatts where
the power currently just allocated in a
queue that's for future deployment but
you know you're not looking for the
these companies aren't gonna be deployed
for you know maybe three to five years
because of just the time it takes to
build these substations and the time it
takes to build out the infrastructure to
support these cryptocurrency miners
because they use a lot of power so where
are you going in your educational career
now you've been exposed to something
that gives you a look at the energy
business the currency business crypto
mining business I mean you're now
involved in a lot of different things
suddenly yeah and so you're at the
beginning of your career I guess you
could say so where's this taking you JP
where do you think this is all heading
for you on your journey so I for me on
my journey I think it's gonna kind of
walk them towards more of institutional
investors working with them on getting
their you know their assets deployed and
kind of helping them out that's where I
see the you know a lot of the funds
moving my name is moving more towards
you know I think we'll have like you
know right now mining your money back in
about a year and a year to a year and a
half is conservative very conservative
estimate but you know I eventually I
think that'll be five to ten years
before you make that money back because
we're seeing a year and a half a year
and a half right now what about this
instant gratification I like to get like
I want to get my mining started and make
money day 100 your cost of the chips
yeah it cost so it's really it's what
that is it's that number growing I mean
it's been a fluctuating you know we've
seen I haven't you know six or seven
years ago you were mining on your laptop
in here you know printing bitcoins
exactly that was worth nothing right and
now you're saying that the cost of the
rig what does your company do exactly so
you're at mining storko right so what do
you do exactly so what we do with - well
Co it's kind of our consumer facing
company we go ahead and manufacture rigs
for anyone who's looking to spend you
know anywhere between five thousand to
one hundred to twenty thousand dollars
on hardware if I came to you and I said
hook me up you could do that for that
between five thousand or whatever yep
and you're saying but my ROI doesn't
kick in for a year more than a year well
you make money but you're going to make
your principal amount on your investment
back in basically a year - right in half
so I'm not cashflow positive for another
year year and a half and and that's
attractive for a lot of folks I mean
that the price of Bitcoin or Kryptos
were to continue right there in a soft
patch you know if they continue to slide
obviously that pushes that out further
exactly and what's your view on the
crypto market price going forward well
I'm very interested to see you know I
hit 10,000 you know hit 20 almost
$20,000 that's Wow like crazy you know
couple years ago we were like oh look at
us we're gonna hit $1,000 this is a big
deal but I think you know crypto is
growing exponentially you know as like
in just as an organization as an
organism as a group of people as you
know we as the network grows as we see a
network effect of you know I'm talking
to you about Bitcoin and that's kind of
where I've seen is like you know I
talked about Bitcoin a bunch of people
and now they're all coming back to like
Oh what is this Bitcoin thing you're in
a Bitcoin like yes I told you about it
you know four years ago you should have
gotten then but you know it's still so
happening I think that's fine with me
you know I think there's still huge
value in I think we're gonna see you
know higher prices you know maybe we'll
hit 50 thousand dollars by the end of
next year but you know no one really
knows and it's kind of like as the
infrastructure builds and as more
companies start working in the industry
I see okay so now you're out of high
school I guess yeah so I was in college
at NC State University in Raleigh and um
finally just took off and now I'm
working full-time on mine engaged an
entrepreneur and your fellow post
millennial generation has it changed
your world this whole crypto space in a
big way I mean I think it has it's given
me you know there's a lot of opportunity
in this market and it's allowed me to
really like you know I've always want to
be an entrepreneur and it's allowed me
to kind of take that and be like okay
let's run with this and you know really
see what we can do and what you know my
generation can build in this into the
blockchain I think box chains are gonna
play a huge part in the tokenization of
like assets as we move forward and you
know with AI and just in a virtual world
all right well thanks so much being on
the show
Thanks all right well that's gonna do it
for this edition of the Kaiser report
with me Max Keiser and Stacey really
think our guest JP barrack of mining
stored Co if you want to reach us on
Twitter it's guys a report until next
time bye Oh
