now the US defense secretary has urged
Congress to approve a massive funding
boost for the military the Trump
administration is pushing for a seven
hundred billion dollar defense budget
for this year rising to 716 billion in
2019 artis Cato Maupin has more
well James maddest the Secretary of
Defense was speaking before the
Congressional Armed Services Committee
in his remarks he talked about how both
Russia and China were in his view a
major threat to the United States
because they were updating their nuclear
arsenals while Russia has reduced only
the number of its accountable strategic
nuclear force Russia has been
modernizing these weapons as well as
other nuclear systems Moscow advocates a
theory of nuclear escalation for
military conflict China too is
modernizing and expanding its already
considerable nuclear forces pursuing
entirely new nuclear capabilities now
these words come from a country that
recently updated its nuclear weapons
doctrine the US nuclear review was
recently released and in the review the
United States named Russia China Iran
and North Korea as potential threats to
the United States they could essentially
attack these countries with nuclear
weapons in what they deemed to be
extreme circumstances and that includes
non-nuclear situation later in his
remarks before the Armed Services
Committee mattis actually talked about
increasing the US military budget at
this point the United States has the
largest military budget of any country
in the entire world
it's bigger than the top eight other
countries combined however James Madison
on enough this is what he said no
strategy can survive as you pointed out
Chairman without the funding and
insufficient funding have created an
over stretch and under-resourced
military Congress must commit to both an
increased and sustained investment we
must be good stewards of the tax dollars
and support the budget for our military
we need Congress to lift the defense
spending caps and support the budget for
our military no strategy can survive
without the necessary stable predictable
funding if you need more money for
weapons
who is better to scare the US public
with than Russia
well we're joined live now by Gregory
Koch we had a tour of defense and
foreign affairs I'm president of the
parent organization the International
Studies Association thanks for joining
us say good to have you on the show a 13
percent rise in military spending given
the US has the largest military already
in the world of course is that really
justify do you think well it's justify
because the US military is substantially
out of date it's spent the last couple
of decades fighting wars not planning
for new wars so it's actually got a
military which has been largely geared
to fight in yesterday's wood and it
needs that new doctrine whether it's
nuclear or conventional to reorient
itself towards the threats of the future
of the possibilities of the future
conflict and it's not a matter of
whether it has the largest military
budget in the world or not the fact is
that its military force is not yet
optimized for taking the role of global
power projection into the next few
decades well just something you
mentioned there that the nuclear issue
as well I mean matters defended Trump's
administration's plans to modernize the
nuclear arsenal could the suite
undermine you know US efforts to
persuade other countries to scale back
on their own Arsenal's could Russia or
China's modernization nuclear
modernization activities over the past
few years do the same thing the reality
is that if you've got any kind of
Defence Force whether it's nuclear or
conventional it has to be appropriate
technologically to to the current and
projected environment the US nuclear
weapons are out of date haven't been
modernized for a long time they have
been geared in fact to the mutually
assured destruction doctrine which means
a fairly blunt instrument of of heavy
straight weight and heavy and large
nuclear warheads the reality is that for
nuclear warfare to be viable in the
future as we see a changing context with
one in which we see much more cyber
warfare
the reality is they're gonna need to be
much more flexible smaller and more
nimble nuclear force and that's what
rush has been doing that's what China
has been doing the reality is that
Russia and China are I would suggest in
many ways ahead of the United States in
developing their new generation nuclear
weapons I mean speaking of Russia and
China matters singled out both those
countries as well as North Korea as you
know justifications for this rearmament
or upgrades as you call it but do you
think a these countries actually pose a
military threat to the US if we rule out
a nuclear holocaust conventionally the
u.s. still has the most powerful
military maintains almost global
hegemony here do you see Russia China as
a realistic nuclear military threat to
the US well what any government in the
US or for that matter Australia they
have to plan against capabilities not
against intentions my own personal view
is that Russia in particular does not
pose an imminent threat simply because
there's too much mutuality of interest
with the United States at the west to to
move towards a nuclear confrontation but
what you plan for if you're a military
planner is not intent you plan against
capability and as long as Russia China
Iran North Korea and if for that matter
India and Pakistan or Israel for that
matter as long as these countries have
nuclear weapons they have to be taken
into account when planning one's own
capabilities and defenses whether it's
to defend against incoming ballistic
missiles or nuclear weapons or whether
to project dominance you know I think if
anything this highlights the need for
dialogue and communication as a key
amongst all these these superpowers
Gregory Coakley their author and
strategic analyst thanks for your time
here today on our team for national
thank you
