Turkey's president reject Type O Derwin
has accused the u.s. of plotting against
Ankara in Syria it comes amid a fallout
between NATO allies over Turkey's
operation against US backed Kurdish
militias in Syria why does the US
continue to send weapons to northern
Syria even after ISIL has been cleared
why are you still here why do these
weapons still arrive you must be
plotting against Turkey Iran and perhaps
Russia Ankara began operation olive
branch in the Afrin region just over
three weeks ago and now it plans to
expand it to the Syrian town of man
bitch the town hosts US troops which
helped Kurdish forces defeat ISIL in the
area the Turkish president demanded
Washington withdraw its forces from maan
Beach threatening to target the US
soldiers Ankara says it started the
military campaign in the region to
defend its border as after the Pentagon
announced it was training a so called
security border force led by the Kurds
and though Washington later backtracked
on this announcement the move deepened
the rift between the two countries
Hussein Bagchi from Ankara as Middle
East Technical University says the
crisis of trust between Turkey and the
US may have catastrophic consequences at
the moment the Turkish government and
Turkish president seemed not to be
confident towards American policies
probably this distrust this problematic
Understanding between two countries will
continue America is in other words the
protector of the cursor and this is the
problem Turkey is getting more and more
unlimited and alone and probably the
Americans will not withdraw their
presence there and will continue to
support the Kurds and this will become a
real conflict between Turkey and the
Unites of America so the developments
are not good neither for Turkey nor for
America
