the Republican Party earlier released a
memo outlining a potential bias on the
part of the FBI and the Department of
Justice in their Trump Russia probe the
document faced criticism from the
Democrats but Republicans now say their
investigation will proceed to encompass
even more branches of the government
yeah so let me get to that so phase one
of our investigation was just getting to
getting at the FISA abuse what we're
looking at now is a State Department and
some of the irregularities there and
some of the most vocal critics of the
memo have been the Washington Post in
the New York Times their journalism has
become the subject of a new film but as
artistes Americana explains journalistic
values can change over time the
Washington Post in The New York Times
once established themselves as shining
beacons of true journalism a brave group
of reporters who would stop at nothing
to find out as much as they can in their
quest for truth but I'm actually talking
about the 70s back then New York Times
and post journalists risk jail time by
publishing classified documents on the
Vietnam War the New York Times begins
its explosive series based on the
Pentagon Papers publication of a covert
version of the war had reencounter too
much of the optimistic talk that had
permeated official statements for years
now Daniel Ellsberg leaks the documents
to the Washington Post you want to learn
more go to the movies and check out the
oscar-nominated film the post seems like
the perfect rebuttal to Trump's attacks
on the media and according to the
creators that was actually the intention
one thing that both of these errors have
in common that really attracted me also
to tell this story is two presidents
declaring war on the news media I really
feel that we shall overcome what all of
us have been subjected to over the past
16 months
well Spielberg's political message is
pretty difficult to miss even in the
trailer if you'd publish
be the Supreme Court next week if we
don't publish
the country will lose
what are you going to do mrs. Graham
okay and what are those two newspapers
up to these days well they're not
exactly true to the idea of exposing the
intelligence community The Washington
Post was one of the loudest voices
against the release the núñez memo why
because this classified document which
alleges misconduct by intelligence
services quote in dangers national
security and wopo published a number of
articles predicting devastating
consequences from the memos release and
slamming Donald Trump while they were at
it and media who were in favor of the
memos release got bashed as well they
clicked on paid for fake news Russian
propaganda dossier that of course was
used by the Obama administration to
obtain FISA warrants to surveil members
of the Trump campaign the New York Times
who exposed the Pentagon Papers back in
the 70s were also against it so the CIA
and FBI went from bad guys hiding their
secrets from the public to a pillar of
society standing strong against the evil
Trump the irony today among many ironies
is how the mainstream media forgotten
their own history the New York Times The
Washington Post today when it comes to
Assange and others call him the worst
threat to our republic is that we've
ever seen but just years ago decades ago
the same behavior now lauded in these
movies seemed to herald this particular
type of behavior that's showing again
the unmitigated and unbelievable
hypocrisy that astounds me daily so
there you have it the same outlet that
has democracy dies in the dark as its
slogan would prefer if Secret
Intelligence actions never see the light
of day Samira Khan RT Washington DC
