some further revelations have emerged on
the so-called Trump dossier which
describes alleged links between Donald
Trump's campaign team and Russia these
relate to the author of the document
former mi5 agent Christopher Steele and
from where he obtained his information
Samira Khan reports from Washington mr.
Steele's memorandum states that the
report was information that came from a
foreign subsys who is in touch with a
friend of the Clintons
it is troubling enough that the Clinton
campaign funded mr. Steele's work but
that these Clinton associates were
contemporaneously feeding mr. Steele
allegations raises additional concerns
about his credibility well according to
a newly released documents in tennis o
shi'ites were feeding information to
Christopher Steele while he was
compiling the Trump Russia dossier and
what is the document exactly well it's a
heavily redacted version of the criminal
referral against Steele debt was filed
by Republican senators Chuck Grassley
and Lindsey Graham interestingly enough
it exposes coordination between the
Clinton campaign and the Obama
administration with the intention of
damaging Trump and in the document it
says it appears that either Steele lied
or the classified documents contain
materially false documents but going
back to Friday's memo states that steals
dossiers full of unverified claims about
Trump's supposed links to Russia but
most importantly the memo asserts that
the FBI it didn't reveal the origins of
the document and of course both the FBI
and the Democratic Party have claimed
that the memo is incomplete and
misleading however some legal experts
have also said that the FBI was actually
under no obligation to reveal the memos
origin so let's quickly go back to how
this all started a steel was hired back
in 2016 to find links between Trump and
Russia but according to reports his
dossier was based on unverified
allegations provided to him by the
Clinton campaign who was funding Steele
along with the DNC and then the Bhama
administration used that dossier to
secure a warrant to spy on the Trump
campaign now it's been revealed that the
Clinton campaign was not only funding
Steele but providing him with
information well the House Intelligence
Committee has voted unanimously to
release the memo so we're just going to
have to see how this all plays out
well to discuss this further I'm now
joined by political talk show host Brian
Crabtree Brian thank you very much
indeed for waiting well as we've just
heard it's emerged Christopher Steele
was not only being paid by the Clintons
but was also apparently being fed
information by them how could this
affect the investigation into so-called
collusion with Russia well I don't know
how it's going to in fact
infect or affect the investigation but
it should affect it greatly because
basically you have a opposition research
which proves to be propaganda not even
factual information that led to the
appointment of Bob Muller to investigate
Trump for Russian collusion that appears
not only not to have happened but to
have been invented by the Democrats paid
for by the Democrat National Committee
and the Clinton campaign and now they're
investigating Trump I still think the
funniest part about this is they want to
say Trump
well we couldn't find any collusion so
it must be obstruction of justice that
he fired the former FBI director well
what was he obstructing if there was no
justice to be served because what they
were investigating wasn't even true I I
think that's laughable
well it's also look what happened on
Monday the House Intelligence Committee
you voted to release a classified
democratic memorandum rebutting
Republican claims against the FBI how do
you see this standoff playing out well
this memo I would think about the
Democrats trajectory here first of all
last week before the FISA memo was
released Democrats said oh no we can't
do this with we would be devastating to
the institution of the FBI be
devastating to intelligence gathering in
America we simply can't release the memo
then from Friday once the memo was
released till today we've heard this was
a dud the memo was a nothing burger it
didn't mean anything it was just
Republican opposition to try to save the
president so wait a minute first it was
going to damage the FBI terribly it was
something we could never release it was
going to damage our sources and our
contacts and methods then it was nothing
and now it deserves a rebuttal my head
spinning how how does it play out well
obviously there's going to be a
politically weapon
is document forthcoming the White House
will likely release that will try to
refute what is in the memo that took
months to create revive Republicans this
thing's just been in the making for a
couple of weeks now by the Democrats so
that's the first point the second point
is it'll get the left in our country
Democrats something to say look all over
there is untrue and there was Trump
Russia collusion that's going to be the
narrative that plays out leave it there
Brian Crabtree political talk show host
thank you for thoughts thank you
