a nuclear threat a subvert ur of
democracy and the state poised and ready
to kill thousands of British citizens at
any moment that's all been said about
Russia recently and the accusations are
negative portrayals keep coming in the
latest illustration of anti-russian
animosity in the West The Economist
magazine run a story describing the
country as the bad guys the sorts of
images you're seeing are starting to
appear in a daily basis with Soviet
symbols even making a comeback
Daniel Hawkins was joined earlier by a
member of the UK House of Lords to
discuss the current level of hostility
and what is driving it I think that
there's a deliberate aim to demonize
Russia at the moment it's as though they
need to search round for an enemy when I
was much younger
it used to be godless communism but now
that Russia seems to have managed to
build 3,000 churches they just changed
the excuse just very briefly on the
media climate I mean Boris Johnson the
UK Foreign Secretary he was quiet
hostile towards RT towards this channel
and you know there there is a bit of a
negative media climate right now I mean
how do you feel about politicians
yourself appearing on RT did you have to
ask Boris Johnson perhaps get his
opinion on your appearance or as you say
in your position in a rage it's
something you don't worry about I said
he didn't talk to anyone to get
permission to come on to your program I
decide you to come on to your program
not because I agree with you but because
I want to improve relations between our
two countries in between Western Europe
and the Russian Federation and the CIS
just in terms of the latest example I
mean there's a bit of Kremlin report
released in America putting together
targets for potential sanctions in the
future some have said the list is almost
been put together in a bit of a random
fashion what are your thoughts on that I
mean lists are very the in thing to do
an hour for Russia aren't they lists of
useful idiots are you not afraid of
appearing on a list just for coming on
the program today well I probably will
appear on the list but by the time you
get into your middle seventies you don't
get to wear
about being on lists let me say but the
the level of mistrust and suspicion is
completely now out of hand you know
there are a lot of problems between our
two countries and indeed between the
East and the West that needs sorting out
but to my mind and I said this recently
in a speech in the Council of Europe
we need another Helsinki we need to sit
down and talk to each other and work
away out of the problems not constantly
be deepening them that will do no one
any good
