kilometers of rubble thousands of
Forgotten bodies the chapter of Moses
victorious liberation in Iraq has closed
and another is now open
Arty's video agency roughly has filmed
the grim reality of recovery in the ones
tormented at Islamic state Health City
and a warning again that this does
contain images of a very upsetting
nature's how many bodies have you
removed since you started working in
this area approximately 500 are there
anymore yes in houses and on their odds
I challenge any member of parliament to
live in the conditions we are currently
living in here I bet they are even
afraid of entering this area they have
no idea how horrible the smell is or how
critical the medical situation is we
haven't received any kind of aid or
support since things finished there
seven months ago only on one occasion
did I receive a small box of food no
coupons no food nothing earlier our
senior correspondent Murad Gaz DF joined
me in the studio he was witness to the
battle unfolding in Mosul and shared the
experience seven months since the Battle
of Mosul ended they're still digging up
people's bodies and here there's no end
in sight I mean these rescuers work
every day just this time we we film them
and what's more you know we can't
obviously show our viewers everything
but this footage in particular is very
distressing because it's always so when
it when it comes to children but I was
there when these bodies had just begun
to rot and I don't think I'll ever
forget it was the smell it was beyond
sickening beyond nauseous you know there
were areas entire districts in mu
somewhere you could hardly breathe
properly mother nature and seven months
of course done their job but the smell
hasn't gone it's still there it's just
isn't as bad on the surface truly the
real heroes are the people doing the
digging the people the rescuers that are
sifting through all this all this
wreckage and pulling out these bodies
they're so desensitized you can see
they're not even wearing breathing masks
or even or even rags but then again
they're paid pennies to do this hard
work because obviously jobs are scarce
in Mosul as our standing buildings Murad
you've just described a traumatic and
horrendous experience there
and and you've outlined lots of
difficulties but were there any other
problems that were highlighted when you
were there well there's still a huge
problem and that is unexploded bombs and
they're mixed with all the wreckage the
rubble the clothes the bodies that
everywhere exampled us coalition Jets
bomb Mosul some bombs fail to explode
then you have shells mines Isis booby
traps suicide vest and all of those are
still armed still all over Mosul and
when kids are playing for example on
wrecked buildings or when rescuers are
digging out a body when homeowners come
back to their destroyed houses trying to
salvage what they can
that's when those bombs go off and
rescuers tell us every day they get
several more new victims of well the
Battle of the Battle of Mosul but we
were there from the very beginning from
when those us-led coalition jets bombed
Isis in in Mosul day and night then when
it was safer we got a little closer to
see what those explosions had really
caused the price of the liberation of
Mosul
civilian casualties are a fact of life
in this sort of situation
do you agree that some of the the high
level of I think ridiculous standard
that we had previously has now created
this behavior by Isis that they now
realize that they take human shields
they're gonna avoid being struck and
that actually this is adding to the
problem congressman when I do believe
they understand our sensitivity to
civilian casualties and they're
exploiting that and I do agree that as
we move into these urban environments it
is gonna become more and more difficult
to apply extraordinarily high standards
for the things that we're doing although
we will try
the neighboring Street all but destroyed
the street across rubble the street over
there it's the same story wherever you
look
there are still countless bodies buried
under all this rubble and no one knows
how long it will take to get to all of
them
let me show you West Mosul now a
wasteland the city for intensive
purposes has been erased and there's
little or nothing left so it's no
surprise people don't want to return
they would rather live in tents oh I was
really excited to return to my home and
see it now when I see it in this state I
wish I'd never come back I said hey I
feel completely destroyed I don't feel
like coming back to this home I've lost
all hope of living here after seeing all
this devastation
this was Iraq's second largest city
founded thousands of years ago and it's
been a pillar of religion architecture
and culture ever since its
reconstruction will never be the same if
it even happens and its population will
be massively diminished official sources
the Iraqis in the US have all vastly
understated the sheer volume of
civilians suffering and death a thousand
they said investigative journalists put
the figure around 10,000 a senior health
chief in Mosul who didn't want to be
filmed told us the number is much higher
this book alone contains the names of
7,000 dead victims I have four or five
of these every day we got two or three
more bodies victims of new explosions so
where does Iraq even begin and who will
help foot the bill the answer is simple
if given the choice no one it will take
tens of billions of dollars to rebuild
Mosul alone and there's a more pressing
issue to deal with first the bodies the
Iraqis hoped the us-led coalition would
help resurrect Mosul since its bombing
campaign created much of this
destruction the Americans in turn
bluntly said no we freed you we'll spend
two hundred million dollars fixing the
pipes but
from that you're on your own as a
coalition we are not in the business of
nation-building or reconstruction we
must ensure that our respective nations
precious and limited resources are
devoted to preventing the resurgence of
Isis and equipping the war-torn
communities to take the lead in
rebuilding their institutions and
returning to stability and the civilians
in Mosul the desperate and hopeless few
that have returned have nothing you know
she be going to school doesn't matter
what else is there to do in Mosul the by
actually serving all our questions I
mean but if she ever let you
that was Murat gasps deer fawn the
unthinkable revelations of the situation
on the ground in Mosul after months
under terrorists rule RT has requested
comment from organizations about the
city's plight but so far we've received
no response we did however hear from
Curtis der blurr an international human
rights lawyer and peace activist muscle
was destroyed first by a group of
non-state actors that came in and took
over the city and then by the Iraqi
authorities and I should say even before
that it was destroyed by Allied forces
that twice invaded Iraq I think they
have not only a moral but also a legal
obligation to be involved in its
reconstruction but I think that it is
one of the most striking examples where
the allies who have been engaged in
violence against the people there for
more than two decades have really
forgotten the people that they allegedly
were coming to save or at least to
assist and I think that if we're going
to have any sincerity of any credibility
in in they like to call humanitarian
interventions they need to be
humanitarian in those instances and
ensure that the people are provided a
better life than what they had before
and in this case that has not been the
case I think that's quite unfortunate
shows a political ization
