Facebook has been urged to pull the plug
on a so called save chat app for
children organizations have warned that
the social media giant that the app
called messenger kids poses health and
safety risks here's a quick look at its
promotional video it's a video chat and
messaging app for families and kids and
it's designed to give parents more
control when their kids start to
communicate online the app is designed
for children aged between six and twelve
parents or guardians can control the
settings from their own Facebook
accounts and approve and monitor
contacts messenger kids functions
include sending text photos and using
video chat facebook slice president
defended the platform saying it is a
great way for families to connect
families will be better off because it
exists my daughter uses it on a daily
basis now it has enabled me to be more
in touch with her critics of the
children's amp argue that they're simply
not ready for the dangers of the digital
world but those in favor think the app
enhances their online skills I think
under 13 the still emotionally
developing and they're not ready to sort
of go into anything like that they need
a bit more time it's awfully
hypocritical for a generation that
created Facebook to turn around and say
that their kids shouldn't be on Facebook
because it's it's making them unhappy I
do think parents need to be aware that
the future is is real and it's happening
and that most of their children's lives
will be spent inside of the digital
cosmos I think there has to be an age
limit otherwise you where is it going to
end and I think children are just too
young they're emotionally unstable to be
able to cope Digital cosmos is real it
is a real place and it will exist in the
future for these children and so we need
to help them understand how to navigate
the digital world
part of that is understanding what the
rules of engagement are so keeping
keeping themselves safe while they're
online and understanding what
information to share and what
information they should keep private we
need to be so careful with why we're
going with this I think education is the
key if we can train them on how to use
it but from the ages
13 then maybe we can solve a few future
problems but I do fear for kids if we
take them down social media route too
soon
