a contemporary art can be difficult to
appreciate at times especially when
classical artwork is actually removed
this was the case at one gallery in the
UK that left punters baffled after a
masterpiece depicting nude women was
removed from an exhibition
although some visitors to the gallery
criticized the project and were left
angry that the painting had been removed
I think the gallery's the painting down
disguise it as an hour perform this is
wrong and unfair I think it's taking
power over an artist right to pursue his
art work within the law it's absolutely
stupid it's beyond words that's right
because all the paintings have got in
the gallery there we do - no they've not
sought them down
why should he tell that wonder I don't
see why it should have been taken down
again we were just saying that it's
another example of the prevalent sexual
ization of the human form within society
today I think it's really bad that
they're jumping under me to campaign to
sort of have an advertisement for the
gallery if they're talking about the
objectification of women then there are
a hundred other paintings in the gallery
that do that as well and some women
actually find that really empowering
