a small German city of cat versus the
latest to make a stand against newcomers
in the country an increased police
presence is expected there this weekend
with Musante migrant protests planned
for saturday Cottbus is home to around a
hundred thousand people and since
Chancellor Angela Merkel opened
Germany's borders to refugees in 2015
the city is given asylum to around 3,000
people
however the policy continues to create
tension in small towns across the
country now the mayors of two German
cities say they will no longer accept
refugees as anti-migrant sentiment and
violent attacks increase our Europe
correspondent Peter Oliver has met with
locals encompass here in Cottbus around
120 kilometers to the south of Berlin
they've said they can't take any more
refugees the city's mayor saying that
the infrastructure was being stretched
to its limits we have to realize that in
court boosts social systems including
kindergartens and schools are
overstretched and under stress more is
not possible
we cannot do more now since the
beginning of the year the city has been
plagued by violence between refugees and
locals just last week a German couple
were attacked just outside of this
shopping centre by three Syrian
teenagers armed with way one of those
boys a 15 year old has since been
ordered to leave Cottbus and the
surrounding area Germany should start
controlling its borders and stop the
uncontrolled migration that has been
going on for two and a half years and
Merkel maskull's the government should
change or it won't get any better there
are different reasons why people have to
flee but we have to distinguish those
from economic reasons those who truly
seek refuge should be granted asylum
status but we need to separate between
those who really look for shelter and
those young strong in the Bioman who
managed to get all the way to Germany on
New Year's Day a group of refugees were
set upon by a gang of neo-nazi thugs and
just recently the right-wing German
National Party were handing out pappa
spray and anti-refugee flyers in the
city
the
were temporarily detained by police for
not registering their protest the town
of Fryeburg has voted to halt refugee
arrivals claiming it has reached its
capacity to accommodate and integrate
asylum seekers at a special town-hall
meeting on Thursday the mayor explained
the decision we are not xenophobic which
we are often accused of being we are
dealing with integration we want to
guarantee integration we have done a lot
but when in the end there is no space
what are we supposed to do however some
in Freiburg aren't convinced that the
move is a good thing no there are no
problems I feel good here this is a
general problem not just in Freiburg but
it has not affected me I have no
problems with foreigners you hear it in
the news sometimes but I don't have any
problems
