welcome to the Stan Collymore show this
week I'll be chatting to sports
journalist Alison bender and Tony Evans
about our world predictions but first to
America the Yankee Stadium is their home
to MLS side New York City FC I sat down
with the main man at the helm former
World Cup winner and Arsenal legend
Patrick Vieira to discuss his playing
career and life as manager as his team
took on rivals New York Red Bulls in the
Hudson River Darby
welcome to the heart of the Bronx in New
York Patrick Vieira is an international
football legend he's won trophies in
England with Arsenal he's won trophies
in Italy with international am Juventus
were perhaps best known for winning the
1998 World Cup in France with the likes
of thierry Enric and citizen Sudan let's
have a chat with the boss let's talk
about management first boy after the
career that you've had walk-off win a
Confederations Cup Premier League etc
etc why did you choose the stress and
strain of management you know it's quite
funny because when I stopped playing I I
didn't know which direction I wanted to
take so when I stopped playing at much
the city I was talking to Brian Howard
and they really wanted me to stay in a
football club but I did not we didn't
know who knew what I really wanted to do
so I spent two years as a ambassador who
mean everything and nothing at the same
time but that allowed me to spend a
little bit time in the Academy and and I
loved being around the players and I'm
just talking about my my experience and
I felt quite comfortable talking to
those players so I just said ok this is
the direction that I would like to try
to do so it was an opportunity to go to
the manager second team in in Manchester
City and then these two years I
understood that this is something that I
really like to do and this is something
that I would want to do how important
was it for you to have that time from
going from a professional footballer to
actually having the luxury of having a
club owners support and an organization
you have a little look around at what
you wanted because that's unusual yeah
it is unusual and this is why I was
going to be thankful too much the city
and the people around because they
really give me the opportunity to choose
what I really wanted to do you know when
you are a player during your career I
think when you respect people when you
do things in the right way
people always going to give you the
opportunity to choose what you want to
do this is why I decided to to come to
New York because because it was a really
exciting challenge and because I know
that I have the right people around me
who can help me to grow up because
staying in a family allowed me to make
some mistake because I have people
behind who can give me the support that
I need
how ambitious are you obviously here in
New York City which is great facilities
Yankee Stadium but to go on and manage
with the biggest clubs in Europe or your
national team which you served so well I
think you know it's like when when I was
playing I wanted to be a football
players and my dream was to play in a
World Cup my dream was to play in the
biggest team that I came and and
coaching is is not different and and I
will love one day to manage one of the
best team in the world one of the
biggest nation in the world how well I
will do with New York City will dictate
where next
I can go to coach I came up in a system
whereby you went from you team to
reserve she played with men and then you
got into the first team that doesn't
happen as much now so what advice would
you give to say young Patrick Vieira the
first advice is not to be scared to make
the move I think is really exciting when
you are young players that you have a
big club who are interested on on
signing you and you have to make a
decision to go and if you goes and
seeing that it doesn't work don't be
scared to move on because there's so
many great club who's doing a really
good job and if some players are scared
to move on because they have the comfort
of might be painting a big club and
being able to sit on the bench or not be
in a match like this watch it that's it
what you said is completely true when
you are comfortable somewhere and you
don't want to go and this is a massive
mistake because what the players need to
understand is that if you want to keep
developing yourself you need to play
games and if you are in the team that
don't give you that opportunity to play
games don't be scared to play somewhere
else or to move on if you really want to
play
in that French national team of 1998 how
many big characters were in that in that
dressing room coming for you of every
single players on the field honestly I
think this is the strength of this
generation when we are talking from 98
to 2002 2002 character personality you
may find better player now but you have
players who knew what they wanted to
achieve you had players who understand
how the teams come in first you have
players who understand that to achieve
the target is the team and you had
players who understand that the sedan
was the main man this one was everybody
understood where the place where
now with all of those trophies with all
of those accolades with all of that
esteem in the game how disappointed in
the dressing room before the game we
that you didn't start I wasn't
disappointed I told them seriously I
wasn't disappointed at all because for
me being in a national team being part
of the 23 players was a dream I was a
kids but I wanted to it's just been with
the national team and then after is that
you have to to work to show to the
manager and his important I think we've
been really successful in 98 is because
everybody understood where they were
standing
you only see what I mean so I was behind
this humble bukas your no that
place themselves exactly that is why I
think is is important to understand that
those players are playing in some of the
greatest teams in Europe and they are
playing really well for the national
team and the national team are winning
so for me it was important to sit sit on
the bench to look to understand and I
was really close to digitation and to
zoom into it was really important to me
because we had a really good
relationship talking take an advice for
him from him and he helped me to grow as
a player and and even at time in a
French national team there was talking
in the papers about the should play or
not this on all the stuff like that but
I don't really get involved because
because I had a respect for who he was
as a players and I understood how
important he was for the French national
team so I knew my time will come one day
but it was important for me to take as
much as I can from him and that will
help me to be a better player
in 1998 whether it be before the
tournament during the tournament you're
assisting the final to your teammate
main party for the foot third goal the
celebrations down the sean's aliz√©e is
the something that will that will stay
with you forever that was a favorite
memory it would be two minutes we're
talking about it and I start to
officials coming in my mind you still
get excited about of course it is
unbelievable feeling is you know you I'm
born in Senegal and a group in Paris I
always dreamed to be a football player I
managed to leave the biggest trophy in
the world and for me is a dream come
true and when you achieve your dream you
are proud about yourself and and the
memory is like starting on the bench
coming on and give the ball to many
party and many party and I we had some
fantastic relationship when we pair that
Arsenal looking at the song zdz when we
went with freedom for millions them
exactly and and that period as well
France was going through to a really
difficult period of racism and to have
these incidents pictures on lag de
triomphe was something fantastic who do
you think that politicians come exactly
and that's just I think winning the
World Cup sent a message of the image of
France and that picture of the French
team winning was the French national
team with his diversity and I think that
time and that moment was bigger than
just football come back Griezmann Pogba
could I replicate what Vieira Z Dan
butters did yeah I think they have a
talent to do it and after all they have
a really good manager who for me is is
really like a team manager he will find
the right words to bring them together
because
this is a type of players he was before
and with the talent I believe that
France will reach at least the
semi-finals of the World Cup
let's hope so along with England I hope
so really appreciate you joining our tea
legend and it's important for so many
reasons for me to see you to see you
doing well and I hope that you come back
and manage in England someday and have a
great success in your career thank you
thank you very much thank you is lettuce
here
mr. patrick vieira has gone into
coaching will we see you as the the
manager the mr. of the axillary one day
I would love to see you as a as a
world-class coach alongside the likes of
Zuzu and Patrick Vieira is that
something you're passionate about
coaching
yeah I don't know in this moment a Pinto
to play soccer
and maybe when I will finish I I decide
I will decide my food but for the moment
I think not and a glossy like delighted
to be joined by David Villa David
another hat-trick 58 goals now in 87
games we're less than a year away from a
World Cup in Russia
you haven't retired you've got to be
putting yourself back in for the
selection Avenue
I mean it's seriously it's very
difficult because three years ago they
they didn't call me two different
coaches they they have really really
good play really good players in no
position but in strikers of cope with
Murata they were Kosta a lot of great
plays and I do all my best always in in
my teen I did it always in my in my
career when when I start go to the
national team and in solo is my dream to
join the national team but sensitively
is really difficult because the last
three years I
during this after this short break cause
I'll be locking horns with Alison bender
and Tony Evans discussing our world cup
predictions don't go anywhere we are in
the Stan Collymore Show studio this week
delights to be joined by two esteemed
sports journalists Alison bender and
Tony Evans on this show we have proudly
flown from continent to continent
country to country asking the great and
the good of the game their thoughts on
their favorites to win the World Cup in
summer here's what some of them had to
say front friends I think I made a big
mistake in the euros and they're
probably not paying can say in the final
but the world of talent that they've got
in any beep resort to say we're a fancy
party nibblers should do well if you
consider the talent I'm still a bit
skeptical when it comes to a style of
football
if the big top turnip Akbar the grease
man the lorries the Piranha the comfy we
should do well they're gonna be they're
gonna be they're Croatia but there's
always Belgium you never know
yeah Germans always too well and World
Cups and Euro so you know collectively
we seem together of a head of steam when
they're in the tournaments I think
Brazil the magic of Brazil I think is
gone after that result last time run
when I got smashed by by Germany I
always liked Argentina
you know Messi's and cheese game
single-handedly you know the rest of the
team could be good to average when you
could drag them through all the way
delighted that your bonus let's start
with Ali from a World Cup every four
years but usually throws out the same
countries is this going to be the same
is it gonna be Germany Brazil Argentina
and Spain who are your favorites to win
well it's true stand you you can only
really you can't look beyond Germany can
e because you got to look at the fact
they're holders but that was four years
ago you might say so have they been
doing it lately well yes of course
Confederations Cup winners as well I
know that they played a much weakened
side it was it was a young side but also
I think the under-21s they won the euros
as well and one of the articles I read
which I found most fascinating I don't
know if you saw the same one but they
basically said that Germany have for
starting Elevens in every single
position and when you look at the fourth
one it's actually pretty impressive for
you does it tally that the Germans can
have a strong domestic league and also
do well competitive internationally
that's obviously something here in
England we've been having quite a debate
for some time about yeah well I mean the
thing about that Germany is they're you
know young players Gary chance
so the Confederations Cup winning team
was fully young talents and also they
have a great idea of how do you want to
play the style they want to play the
philosophy they use and the the best
balanced squads in the parliaments and I
think they just the strong in every
departments wears even pick holes in
most other contenders I can't see past
Germany Brazil Neymar is the the next
global superstar if not already after
the likes of Leo Messi and Cristiano
Ronaldo they were humbled I was in the
stadium when Germany beat them seven one
in the in American and people were
genuinely tearing up absolutely
distraught will they learn from that
experience Brazil absolutely I mean
you've got to learn from an experience
like that maybe you know you might be a
little bit confident overconfident
perhaps and when you have a result like
that you that must have been those
players worst moment in a football shirt
for club or countries it's absolutely
embarrassing usually the play
that you're kind of looking to shine
often don't so it'd be interesting to
see what happens with Naima because he's
having a torrid time with this club at
the moment isn't he
he had that move and it doesn't seem to
be working out quite well for him well
yeah it's very similar to Argentina with
Messi you know they're expecting that
Neymar to lead them they accept expect
him to create in 10 games and that's a
lot of pressure on them I don't think
they've got the this infrastructure
round them in the team to give them the
best opportunity to dominate a whale cop
just feel that Spain at the moment just
aren't on the level and you've got to
put countries like France and Germany
ahead of those I mean Spain's always
going to be a bar I'm going to put
England's another matter isn't it I
think people underestimate what a
winning mentality will do for you the
Germans they expect to win you know they
if they go to nil behind they still
expect to come back and win the French a
little bit fragile
mentally in their area so I think that
my tamper them
does the World Cup and does Russia need
a Russian team to do well for the
momentum of the tournament within Russia
and also as hosts well this helps
because I think if a host team get beat
early on and looks like they're not
going through it just it takes the the
air out of the balloon sort of thing and
the I think if Russia can qualify out of
the group I think the whole nation will
be energized and excited and that that
really adds so welcome I mean yeah you
two'll know when you go to wale cups if
the host nation are doing well
everyone's talking everywhere you go you
can avoid no the whale Cup in some
tournaments though when they've gone I
would say early it's a bit there's some
football going on down the road so it
would be nice to see Russia do well
Argentina is a team one man team they've
had a number of managers they've gone
through a number of players in recent
seasons Alison what your thoughts of
Argentina generally do we put them in
the Brazil Germany
historical category or not quite yeah I
mean of course historically they are a
superpower in in football but I think
sort of late we've not really seen it
from them I know that there's been
there's always been that talk hasn't
they when everyone when everyone talks
about Lionel Messi but can he do it for
Argentina and
he hasn't been although more recently
he's actually had some good games so you
know hopefully that momentum will carry
on into this World Cup because these are
the kind of teams that we want to see do
well we want Argentina's in the
quarterfinals in the semifinals a
football narrative that lean on Messi is
the team player Ronaldo can be a little
bit greedy but the statistics don't add
up to that he's won titles in two
different countries when three Premier
League's fall illega so he's been it has
to be a team player at Manchester United
and Real Madrid he's won an
international level why is the still a
doubt that this man isn't quite and
history will not quite judging the same
as Leo Messi due to no I think there's a
there's a few things one of the things
unfairly so perhaps is his persona I
mean you see him and it's with his hair
slicked persona for 6 carats it'll
actually I mean I've interviewed him on
many occasions he's actually a very
grounded humble guy when you see his
upbringing his mum the way he treats his
mother you actually think this is a
little bit unfair the way that people
are seeing him and actually maybe Lynn
or Messi is not this whiter than white
character that everyone's kind of
painted but I do think a lot of that
does come into it I mean you know what
yes he is of course he's a team player
he has to be we saw this at the euros
but he kind of did it in a very solitary
way so he basically you know allowed his
team to win the euro I don't know which
is more arrogant I mean it's it's a
tricky one isn't it yeah it is but I
mean the thing about Cristiano least not
he's not an intellectual football player
he's not a thinker as such he's a doing
and he works really hard he's East
Yunnan and given that his knees are in
such a bad state he I mean it's got no
curl the Gina's knees it's it's amazing
there he does it so it's it's a hair's
breadth between you and it's an unfair
to bait in many ways because these two
in the top certainly in the top 10
players ever and arguably in the top
five and the we're blessed to see them
finally from the great and the good of
world football to England we chatted to
the Great and the good at the Russian
embassy recently about the Three Lions
chances I think England English should
go the group but for me there's no
eating into the World Cup anymore you
know I can I can go back to when I was a
player
I've played in three World Cups and more
cops less fasiq teams I'm still waiting
to see a performance you know personally
that makes me really believe
disappointed but I do think that we we
hope get some good players here going
some we're gonna win it but certainly
I'll be disappointed I think one of the
worries at the moment is Gareth
Southgate doesn't quite know his best
eleven I think he's played with 40
different players I keep seeing you know
he's playing three at the back and four
at the back and changing things bringing
in young players Jack Wilshere as you
say might get parachuted in so we need
to know what is our best and I think at
the euros they didn't play with Vardy
and drink water despite coming off the
back of the most phenomenal season where
Vardis going for fun so just little
decisions that didn't quite go in their
favor we go into international football
and approach it differently to the way
they play every week so you know we go
play the physicality and a speed of
today so there's so much pace in the
squads but you know God so pleased
doesn't seem to find a way to use it I'd
be playing a Premier League pace take
the game to the opposition you know to
use Raheem stale and parades good that
gets out the alley to run down the
channels you know physicality and pace
that will make a difference Aly Tony
really appreciate you this we come back
just before the World Cup and join us
again to see where we are when the
squad's have been given out love TIA
Alison bender I'm Tony Evans who's
joined us on the stand
polomoche oh don't forget that you'll
get all of the clips on social media
YouTube Twitter you name it and we'll be
back next week thank you very much for
joining us luckily
