campaigning for the mayoral elections in
the Japanese city of Naugle has again
highlighted the controversial nature of
America's military presence on Okinawa
Island Japan's central government and
authorities in Okinawa where US troops
are currently stationed I've been doing
battle over the possible relocation of
their base to the northern city of Naga
a recent poll shows sixty three percent
of voters opposed the relocation well
only twenty percent support the move the
incumbent mayor of this city who opposes
America's deployment of troops to the
island says a vote for him would be a
vote for defending Japan's autonomy
these elections are extremely important
as they will have a great impact on the
future of nago and Okinawa our country's
current administration is attacking us
with attempts to sway the power these
elections are meant to defend Japanese
democracy and our autonomy we're asking
people from all over the country for
their understanding Okinawa is in a
difficult situation right now but if
many people support us we will continue
what we're doing well in 1996 a review
by Japan and the u.s. decided the
American base should be relocated to the
remote area of Honoka the decision was
made in order to reduce the military
impact on the populated communities of
southern Okinawa but there has since
been numerous crimes committed in
relation to the US military presence
there
well activists in Okinawa believe the
Japanese government has been turning a
blind eye to the tense situation playing
out in the region no current mayor mr.
aluminum is very strongly refusing the
reclamation of the Anoka Bay
but another candidate is a backed up by
Japanese central government so he agrees
the dedication of the new military base
in Henoko most vocal people are against
the new military base construction US
government Japanese government have been
ignoring our voice against democracy and
against the peace Constitution if they
accept
hello chamilitary base they can get lots
of money many citizens who know the
truth the facts are really worried our
Japanese government sent not absent lots
of Ministers money and demagogue
demagogue roots of fake news but we will
not lose we will win
