Germany's domestic intelligence chief is
raising the alarm over the children of
Islamic state fighters that have been
brought to Germany he says the
youngsters are living time bombs that
can be used in terror plots inside the
country Peter Oliver reports well Hans
Jurg Masson said that children of German
parents who went off to join Isis in
Iraq Syria pose a potential security
threat when or if they returned back
here to Germany and in fact he went as
far as to refer to them in some cases as
ticking time bombs they were confronted
early with Islamic state ideology
learned to fight and when some cases
forced to participate in the abuse of
prisoners or even the killing of
prisoners we have to consider that these
children could be living time bombs
there is a danger that these children
come back brainwashed with a mission to
carry out attacks Omar said also went on
to say that there was a whole network of
online Isis headhunters looking to
recruit and radicalize potentially
vulnerable children Islamic state uses
headhunters who scoured the internet for
children that can be approached and
tries to radicalize these children or
recruit these children for terrorist
attacks it's no wonder that Germany is
concerned the country has seen a number
of minors involved in terror attacks
over the last couple of years most
notably there's a case back in 2016 when
a 12 year old boy tried to blow up a
Christmas market in the west of the
country now German government figures
showed that around a thousand people
left the country to go and join Isis now
around one-third of those have returned
back to Germany but the government also
points out they have no way of knowing
how many children have been born to
those those Germans that went off to
join Isis and how many potentially could
come back to the country and pose a
threat
well that prompted Marcin to say that he
thought that the security services
should be given the right to launch
surveillance operations against minors
in Germany that's anybody under the age
of 14 years old that though of course
comes with its own issues a particularly
sensitive topic
talking about launching wiretaps and
other types of surveillance operation
against children that young
