first the Court of Arbitration for sport
has overturned the Lifetime Olympic bans
of 28 Russian athletes accused of doping
and upheld the results at the Sochi
Winter Games gas arbitrators unanimously
found that the evidence put forward by
the IOC in relation to this matter did
not have the same weight in each
individual case this is why in 28 cases
the evidence collected was found to be
insufficient to establish that an
anti-doping rule was committed by the
athletes concerned this does not mean
that these xx athletes are declared
innocents but in that case due to
insufficient evidence
the appeals upheld the sanctions
annulled and their individual results
achieved in such she reinstated for them
it went from a lifetime ban completely
not in a single ever Olympics were they
allowed to compete it went from that to
all allegations and more importantly
sanctions against them being dropped so
talk about extremes really so for them
it is really important because this
decision has allowed them to finally
clear their names and this is something
that they've been fighting for for a
while now really also this means that
nine medals in the Sochi Olympics in
2014 are going back to Russia's coffers
obviously Russia is glad with this
decision at the clasp decision on
Russian athlete confirms many accused of
anti-doping relations are clean also
eleven other Russian athletes they were
partially cleared they had their
lifetime ban swapped only for a ban to
compete in the upcoming Olympic Games in
South Korea
those people landed in trouble because
of the so-called McLaren report a
Canadian lawyer submitted a lengthy
document accusing Russia of running a
state-sponsored doping scheme the
International Olympic Committee they
used it as a stepping stone in their own
investigation into the issue as a result
Ash's whole Olympic team was slapped by
a blanket ban the whole report was
revolving
the eyewitness account of Grigory
watching cough it is a man who ran a lab
in Moscow and who accused Russia of
swapping dirty doping samples for clean
ones the court of appeals heard both
from Rochon curve and from McLaren and
the Court of Appeals found their
testimony not enough effectively to
consider those people guilty so this
whole thing really undermines the IOC s
investigation into the allegations of
doping in Russia so no wonder the IOC is
somewhat embarrassed
the IOC will analyze the recent
decisions very carefully once they are
available and consider consequences
including an appeal to the Swiss federal
tribunal since the Russian Olympic
Committee is suspended Russian athletes
can participate in Pyeongchang only on
invitation by the IOC the result of the
kaz decision does not mean that athletes
from the group of 28 will be invited to
the games those 28 athletes
they've had all allegations all
sanctions against them dropped still the
IOC maintains their ground saying well
you're not you're still not invited the
initial decision to enforce the bans was
made by the International Olympic
Committee and some Russian athletes
thought their careers were over and
their dreams shattered
Touche plus the soil is real know as
with most nice mango or two things
produced you see only humbly slows
Iroquois st-pierre died slovenian a
monster not stupid momenta gratin is
nice for your dash
but the first of do it is part
reasonable disbelief it's Aaron
Newton show motif not personally in
Nevada near to shoot of today's to teach
is so deliciously stoically t-connector
born which circuit right
the Casa which bottom of the thing even
woven in each Iranian absolute enjoy
anymore as do activities towards a total
to be innovated the shapes the user does
not really the senior but they see be
whatever she what she started my beauty
a torching then you P do that purse to
to edit so the flavor today
but you
we heard from sports journalist Andy
Brown he told us that potentially not
being able to compete in the winter
games despite having their appeals
upheld makes the situation even worse
for the app athletes the IOC will
obviously do everything in his power to
stop that it doesn't want them to
compete but I don't think they can do
that and the reason is the reason is
basically what the cast said in the
decision was that the 11
ineligible which by implication means
the 28 will be eligible for pi and Chang
can the IOC then sanction them again by
excluding them from the Olympics for
doping even though it's been proved
they'd not don't you know that would
appear to me double worse than double
punishment because you're punishing an
athlete for something that appears they
haven't done in the first place
