of guest mark littell would
director-general at the Institute of
Economic Affairs and welcome to the
program now your latest report suggests
two-thirds of guests on BBC television
supported a pro-eu stance are you
surprised that that's even possible on
Britain's flagship broadcaster I was
surprised my impression is being we
looked at these two key flagship
programs I think we've just seen a clip
from from one of them on Question Time
as a television show that goes out on
Thursday night with five panelists and
then we also looked at any questions a
radio program that goes out on Friday
nights with four panelists and we
actually looked across the board at all
the panelists not just what their stance
had been in the EU referendum in 2016
but we looked at gender which political
party they supported where you would
presumably reasonably put them on the
left-right spectrum we looked at a whole
host of things and actually for say
gender balance or the representation of
ethnic minorities they seem to get it
pretty good the BBC anything for party
political balance you had basically the
same number of people from the right of
the spectrum was from the left of the
spectrum but on the issue of did you
support Britain coming out of the
European Union well you've already
stated the figures it was 68 percent of
these panelists have voted for remain as
far as we can tell in the June 2016
referendum and only 32 percent for leave
now it is true that we are no longer in
a referendum period and it is true as
the BBC said in the statement they have
furnished you with that it's no longer a
binary choice but the problem is this
although there are an hour wide range of
choices do we leave without a deal do we
stay in with a transitional period do we
stay in the single market do we stay in
the customs union and if so for how long
although there are now a wide range of
options really those range of options
are subsets of the remain camp and the
leave cap so if you have
over-represented the remain camp you are
likely to be over representing on your
programmes people who favor
for example staying in the single market
and if you're under representing the
leave camp you're likely to be under
representing people who believe that
Britain could leave with No Deal
fall back on WTO terms so I think it's
pretty poor that a public broadcaster is
skewed their guests and panelists so
dramatically in this direction on the
top political issue of the times yo in
your report followed another one which
claimed that only out of four thousand
guests over ten years only 133 of those
had been in favor of the brexit so is
quite shocking figures wouldn't you say
yes I do I mean I think that the the if
I was going to show some sympathy for
the BBC I think one problem they've got
is that in general in Britain
establishment figures famous figures and
influential people have tended to be in
favor of EU membership it's more the
ordinary man or woman who rebelled
against the political establishment who
tends to be on the leave side so if you
were to look at for example all 650 MPs
in the British Parliament an
overwhelming majority something like
three-quarters back to remain in the
referendum and only 25% back to leave
completely out of kilter with public
opinion so I suppose the default
position if you're just inviting on
politicians let's say more or less at
random is it's likely to be skewed
towards the remain side the same would
go to major businesses in Britain as
well who tended to support remain it
tended to be small enterprises that
supported leave but it seems to me that
the BBC has not done much internally to
combat that if you like that default
problem that inbuilt bias they've just
allowed it to to appear in in much of
their programming and in particular the
two flagship programs we looked at
overwhelmingly biased towards one side
of the debate and when the BBC say well
we're trying to balance off a whole
range of different things not just
people's stance on brexit these panel
discussions do discover issue discuss
issues other than the European Union
well there's a fair point there but
really with brexit being the dominant
issue facing Britain the top political
issue of the last couple of years it
seems to be that balancing for people's
views on brexit and making sure you have
a fair share of voice from both ends and
all ends of the argument should be a
very very high priority indeed it's the
number one topic and there
or I think it should be by and large the
number one issue you're trying to
balance for on the bbc's output a public
broadcaster this is not a private
broadcaster publicly financed you have
to pay for the BBC if you have a
television set and live in the United
Kingdom and I think they're not really
fulfilling their obligation to the
public by skewing their guests in this
particular direction that's very
disappointing indeed if it is the case
that the BBC has been acting in
contradiction to its official guidelines
which state there must be diversity and
impartiality of opinion are we likely to
see any consequences for the BBC well I
think that those and you showed in
before this interview in your clips some
of the anger in the House of Lords I
think the politicians on the leave side
of the argument those are in favor of
brexit are beginning to lose their
patience with the BBC
now the BBC will argue that they always
take flak from every side people on the
center-right complain that their centre
left people on the center-left complain
that their center-right and if you are
taking sort of equal amounts of flack
and criticism from all sides of the
debate well perhaps that's a sign that
you have got balance but I would say
that the BBC now should be concerned
that there are politicians who are
seriously raising in the British
Parliament in the House of Lords in
particular in the clips that you just
showed genuine concern about whether the
BBC really can be considered a neutral
broadcaster one that doesn't just show a
diversity of views but a proper balance
and if the BBC starts to lose the faith
of politicians and the public in that
key question of neutrality then I think
over the longer term they have a great
deal of problem justifying their present
funding and possibly even the present
basis of their existence
mark littell word director-general at
the Institute of Economic Affairs thank
you for your time
