such a colorful bright frequently used
resource in the information
confrontation in the context of Syrian
settlement at the Western three of the
permanent members of the Security
Council of the United Nations with
eagerly took up this dubious information
on chemical attacks and based on their
own mass media this information carousel
which have been talking about and the
mass media themselves are sites various
sources none of which have been verified
and in this included sources which are
affiliated with the fighters of illegal
formations I'm talking about the illegal
groups fighters and at the same time
based on this informations information
they're not citing any facts and the
United States of America and their
allies have initiated based on this
information and you anti-russia
declaration on the part of the Security
Council of the United Nations Russian
side has proposed to include several
Corrections on use of chemical weapons
by terrorists but our Western colleagues
have refused it completely and we would
like to remind this context that
statements and declarations on the
chemical terrorism's and
corresponding resolution by the Security
Council on the importance of these set
of measures is something which Strasser
has been discussing with its Chinese
colleagues for many years but up to now
this calls for action have been ignored
by our Western colleagues which prefer
this so-called information carousel and
prefer to
blame unfounded ly in various
provocations with the use of chemical
weapons blame accused of such
provocations the Syrian government
Russian side but instead of resorting to
such provocations such speculations and
a fake information we would like to
advise those who call themselves Friends
of Syria to wait for complete and
politically unbiased investigation into
those episodes by the special missions
of OPCW on the use of chemical weapons
in Syria and by the way experts of this
agency since have been in Syria since
February the first in order to inspect
the places where fighters kept various
toxic chemicals and those who are
particularly interested in this topic
and try to cover the interests with the
interests of Syrian people and to cover
themselves with the interests of the
Syrian opposition's which then
themselves fund
I also resort to the I would like to
remind that the those white helmets are
the result of a creation of the same
straight and that dedicate their time to
such information campaigns and as we
have stated on various occasions have
direct to connection to special services
of various states moreover during the
previous briefing we received a question
on the
Relation Russia has to the meeting in
the forum at five plus five on Libya and
in response to this I would like to
comment on this topic the situation in
Lima is still in the focus of the
international community and the issue
for a Libyan settlement lately and we
can even say always is part of the work
of the ministry of resna affairs and our
in our work with our regional and
international partners and the situation
in this country and ways of settling it
have been in created all studied in
during the negotiations conducted on the
1st of September between Ministry of
Foreign Affairs of Russia with the
Minister of Foreign Affairs of Italy our
position has been voiced at the press
conference at the end of those
negotiations Nicky read the script on
our website other attempts to help the
country get out of this project
protected political crisis and the
special representative of Security
Secretary General of the United Nation
on Libya conducts daily consultations
with Libyan sites looking for solutions
for all of the unsolved problems of the
intra Libyan agenda and as far as the
mentioned ministerial meeting in Algeria
Algeria on January 21st is concerned the
meeting in the five plus five format we
can say that some kind of informal Club
includes France Italy Spain Portugal
Malta
Libya Algeria Tunisia Morocco and
Mauritania this is the format that which
has been in place since 1990 and its aim
is to improve cooperation in various
sectors including security as of today
the greatest focus is on the Economic
Cooperation and migration issues I think
the time will show whether this format
is productive in solving burning
everyday issues
throughout its entire existence the
entire existence of this format of this
events organized by these countries we
have not been part of it have not been
invited to participate and to conclude I
would like to say that the situation
which we see in Libya and the threats
which come from its a situation
including illegal migration terrorism
migration from Africa to Europe a cause
for concern of the immediate Irenaeus
States and there is nothing surprising
that the topic of Libya is one of the
central issues in the agenda of this
event and one more topic to a great
extent it has to deal with the situation
which we see in Syria but it's also
related to the United States of America
and we have paid attention to the
statements by the department's taymiyah
but they've announced responsibilities
of Russia for the use of chemical
weapons in Syria I have already
commented on that in more vast scale and
largest on a larger scale and I think
that in one word we can characterize it
as some groundless rhetorics recently I
have to say that the US had made it a
constant flow of throwing ungrounded
groundless information until
information space like the use of
chemical weapons by Damascus and other
topics there are no actual facts and no
actual proofs of that I have already
focused on this topic and I can say that
we can see from the Washington and its
officials classical registered classical
arranged political campaign or with
participation of the officials and
obviously so to say it does not serve
but in fact it contradicts to the actual
goals of the Syrian settlement which are
announced by the US another serious
problem is the situation in Ukraine
neighbors in deep fever the situation is
far from stability there is an
impression that Kiev Authority is doing
everything possible not to get out of
the crisis but to get it into a dead end
three years anniversary of signing the
Minsk complex of measures so like to
remind you it happened on 12 February
Ukraine has taken a law on so-called
reintegration of done bus obviously it
directly contradicts both to the letter
and to the spirit of Minsk not about
unification but does integration of the
country it is aimed on that and together
with the politics of total Ukraine is a
ssin of the society and some more
support and forcing the neo-nazi spirits
which is and growing and its allies a
Martian in the street and announce of
the Ukrainian order all together it
creates
and a huge explosive mixture dangerous
explosive mixture and they found no a
better idea than to prove once more
their aggressive plans on holding the
maneuvers and on 29th of January the
president of Ukraine signed a law on
participation of Ukrainian armed forces
in a multinational trainings they will
be held with active participation of
foreign military units and military
equipment foreign presence in Ukraine is
not getting weaker NATO instructors a
trained in the Ukrainian Armed Forces
and the situation is not going down
today's leadership leader leadership of
Ukraine actually is rushing to integrate
in some military blocks and the prior
primary task on integration of his
regions everything is actually done to
change it into the situation when this
goals would become unachievable and
unsolvable problems during the previous
briefing I had a question and I promised
to give a precise information on that as
an answer I've done it on the problems
of military and biological activity of
the US we definitely have certain
anxiety regarding the activity of the
u.s. in military and biological sphere
primarily it is related to the demeanor
of Washington on the convention of
prevention of chemical and toxic weapons
I would like to remind you that for many
years Washington has been against
legally binding protocol of the
Convention which would contain the
verification mechanism elements it is
obvious that
convention signed in 1972 does not meet
the level of development of the
biotechnologists of the second decade of
the 21st century in the end of the 90s
in the beginning of the 2000 the war
attempts to develop the mechanism of
reaffirm ation at that time the u.s.
blocked this work unilaterally from
their side their position did not change
and Washington is contained in
Washington continues to block this
activity the conference of 2016 brought
to no result because of the US and only
in 2017 this dead end situation became
possible to overcome and the program was
accepted for the intersessional period
of 2018 2020 a more precise and expert
estimation and evaluation of the
activities of the US on the problem of
the convention can be found in the
report of the director of the profile
Department of Ministry of Industry and
Commerce of Russia mr. Hollister will
definitely make a link to his speech in
the minutes of the conference this
report was presented in Geneva this
report and many other information can be
found in the U and web resource you can
you will be able to get to know this
materials better recently one more
problem appeared monarchs are anxieties
that's the growth of medical biological
activity of military of the military of
the US on the parameter of Russian wars
in many countries of the former you or
USSR
microbiological laboratories began to
grow they are built equipped and
modernized and found it exclusively by
the Ministry of Defense of the US with
constant participation of military by
biologists of the u.s. there are
researches on dangerous diseases of
course that cannot but lead to anxiety
that Washington is announcing assistance
of sanitary and epidemiological research
at the same time in fact it grows an
uncontrolled potential of possible
concealed interference in the situation
of biosecurity not only in this states
directly but outside of his borders
these are indeed big problems and we
still who are trying to solve it by
dialogue with the US and other partners
of convention today will have lots of
materials on the US they are related to
your questions both to your questions
and to those situations which happens I
would like now to say a few words on
blocking of international transactions
of Russia in the u.s. recently we sold a
lot spoke a lot about the pressure of
Russia which is tried to be imposed it
has very awkward expressions and there
are serious questions on motivation of
that for example recently Ministry of
Finance of the US had stopped
the transaction on $20,000 of the u.s.
from the association of oceanic fishery
of China force services of Russian
border offices
on the from fishing in our exclusive
economic zone actually you know it feels
like maybe they afraid that fish will
interfere in the home activities of the
US it was blocked under the under the
explanation under the pretext that it
was it was done against that the water
control is part of the Federal Security
Service of Russia and sanctions were
imposed by Obama in 2016 against this
service which is quite nonsense I'd like
to give one more explanation like
blocking of by the same system of 2016
of 2017 the money which was sent by
Russian emoji on fuel in or a refueling
of Russian aircrafts action against
terrorists Syria is it's about five
million over five million dollars and
this money has not been refund in 2060
seventeen Americans blocked the
transaction to I a a two hundred
thousand contribution on research on the
UN of fight in oncology and fight a
fighting cancer and find cure for cancer
how does it how does it correlate with
activities of the official position of
the years and I know
in fact they they stole our money
if you find a better definition I would
rather agree and accept it
but the fact is a fact you know the
calls from the from Washington on stop
in illegal fishing how is does it
correlate with blocking of money
on this account I don't really know it
feels that apart from some pilot some
bilateral tensions some bilateral claims
against us it feels like they are now
getting deeper into imposing their
activities against our bilateral
relations with third countries of
obviously these obstacles which American
colleagues erect on IAEA they are
actually aimed against cancer it's
unbelievable and hard to understand is
an abscessed decision to do some
unpleasant some disgusting things and
it's this explained by sanctioned policy
very often and really confuses the
representatives of American
establishment even further in the logics
of their activity one more topic related
to the US the publication the document
which was prepared and published and
Moscow seeking some come somalis
newspaper dated the second February the
author is a is a well-known journalist
specialized in international problems
Mikhail
Rostov ski this article was
about our dialogue with the u.s. I'd
like to remind once more than that the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs has always
been very accurate and very precise and
very very attentive to the ideas of
prominent volatile urges and we are
really thankful for estimation of our
work and about what happens in worldwide
we try to analyze it critically and to
manage to keep it in mind and the such
an important area as our relations with
the US is obviously a priority as far as
I as you have understand it's quite a
heart quite hard time so happy are in
place now Makar Ostrovsky is asking
question whether Russian diplomacy is
washing their hands or expresses regret
on absence of ideas of overcoming the
dead end which Washington brought
russian-american relations into I would
like to focus on this idea in quite
precise manner because indeed there is
something to speak about those who
follow the information of the Ministry
of Foreign Affairs which is made public
we are constantly suggesting specific
actions specific events and specific
prepositions to bring our relations into
different segments in different vector
and give more sustainability to them and
expand cooperation with in the interest
of the two peoples not only in our own
interest but in the interests of the
whole world bearing in mind the
bilateral relations of Moscow and
Washington on international arena now I
would like to specify it as precisely as
I can
after the beginning of the activity of
administration of Trump it was given a
plan of normalization of dialogue and of
overcoming the crisis in Syria in
Afghanistan in the east of Ukraine
around northern Korea the feedback from
Washington leaves a lot to be Lives much
to be desired and still there is
cooperation and some of this areas and
sometimes even gives some perceptible
results
I'd like to underline that this
initiatives of Moscow also the
interrupted dialogue by the President
Obama was established on strategic
stability which helps to discuss the
position the situation in control over
armaments and perspectives of other
reduction of nuclear weapons the
implementation of strategic weapons is
being considered as well we asked
Washington about questions about the
necessity to follow the INF treaty and
we were suggesting to start serious
talks on global anti-missile us system
which in fact is part of offensive
potential of the country bearing in mind
the so called interception of military
war ships and aircrafts we are in favor
of adding it to the agreement to prevent
the incidents are in the year of 1972 on
the position of the minimal distance of
approach in between the between the
vessels Americans don't refuse to
discuss other situation military
aircrafts of the US prefers to fly next
to the borders of Russia with the
transporters switched off despite of our
initiative
on solving of solving this question on a
mutually acceptable ground we are
actively proposing to cooperate last
summer Russia proposed to create a joint
a working group on cyber security
Russian side gave specific ideas on
preventing the threats related to
information communication technologies
and to increase intergovernmental trust
in this sphere there is also a Russian
suggestion on consultation or criminal
hacking and absence of reaction in this
blog really shows that the very topic of
so-called Russian hackers does not
really disturb the special forces of the
us who were publicly anxious about
American electoral system from Russia as
well from the Russian side as well the
proof of this fake ish campaign is the
refuse of Washington to exchange letters
on the level of ministers of Foreign
Affairs with obligations not to
interfere into the home affairs of each
other like it was in 1937 when the USSR
and the USA were established in
diplomatic relations we focused on this
initiative as well I wouldn't like not
don't want to get too deep into that you
can all find it all on the website there
there is information how it happened in
1933 and 1937 how we talked about the
mechanisms of what we used to do and
what we propose to do now we spoke about
the response signals which we actually
received some kind of feedback
I would like to express that this
initiative was proposed half a year ago
we proposed mechanism on Treaty of
mutual legal assistance on criminal
materials to get rid of such irritants
like discrete detentions of Russian
citizens and hide in the into the US the
those who helped to terrorist which is
negative for the image of Washington we
were ready to rearrange
inter-parliamentary exchanges we are
awaiting the great agreement from our
partners to sign a treaty on cultural
protection of cultural values to bring
joy to American public's by exhibitions
which are impossible to be set up
because there is a threat of the art
masterpiece arrest
we still insist on return of five
objects of Russian diplomatic property
which were illegally arrested by the US
authorities we was suggesting various
things various ideas in order to solve
this dead-end situation you see I put
body key and to conclude what I just
said we can say that there is some
serious everyday work being done and
it's focused on attempts to improve the
relations with the United States and
we're not trying to hide anything we've
publicly stated and we underscore it
every time we criticize the attacks
against us and we underscore that our
priority is the cooperation and if there
are some problematic issues we are ready
to look for solutions
Russia is open to cooperation I've
reiterated once again and
we also have stated on various occasions
we want cooperation as equal partners
and and know there can be no ideas of
our concessions or some unilateral
concessions and sanctions which the
author of the article in Moscow
Komsomolets cites as a important
argument will not change anything it's a
very interesting article and some things
we disagree with categorically and I
have explained why in detail but if
there are any other ideas that the
author or the newspaper might have we
are open for dialogue and I would also
like to draw your attention we've been
talking so much about Washington today I
would like to draw attention to the
statement made by the secretary of state
of this country that the united states
are worried about the increased
representation of the Russian Federation
in Latin American region and that we
have relations with the countries which
aren't friendly to the Washington and we
have commented on this statement already
but I would like to focus on the topic
about layton America I'd like to focus
on the part of that phrase which accuses
us of selling armaments to the countries
unfriendly to Washington and also their
statement that - we are everywhere and
that it's great cause for concern for
Washington just a tiny fact that some
facts about American representation in
Eurasia just not in order to know not to
leave such statements without the
response phrases like mr. Tillison said
we hear them
time and again that the word that Russia
is trying to establish there its
influence in on the international arena
strengthens military potential that it
conducts external policy which disagrees
with the American World Order that
everybody is concerned about this and
such sentences such statements are
backed by American doctrines and
corresponding documents where Russia
state as a country which is a challenge
to the United States and they reiterate
underscore that Russia is a threat to
the security and welfare of this country
and they unambiguously deny Russia the
right to be a strong state which defends
its own national interests but at the
same time they state that Americans have
the right to establish their influence
in the world this is also backed by they
are corresponding documents and we can
see this in the recently published
American national security strategy
implementing the ambitions to maintain
their declining status of super states
the United States aim for achieving the
highest possible military potential
developing anti-missile systems and
Trump administration established this
course of action which has been
supported by the United States for years
strengthening their military
capabilities to be much stronger than
their opponents and project they are
forced their power without any obstacles
throughout the entire world
and following this objective Pentagon is
increasing their capacity in Eastern
Europe in Baltic region in the Middle
East and in asia-pacific region
with cooperation with nature the United
States are drawing the military
capability is closing closer to the
Russian borders and not vice-versa and
deploy destabilizing armaments in
sensitive in the region sensitive for
our country and they use some
far-fetched pretexts and non-existent
facts to back this they claim that
Russia is conducting some aggression
that's why Americans are strengthening
the NATO eastern flank and even use
aviation and heavy military vehicles and
the sums of funds this program receives
amounts to mount it in 2018 to
increasing from 3.4 billion dollars to
4.6 billion dollars and the water
torture is bordering Russia see a great
representation of American military
warships and they also carry out
intelligence flights along our borders
military exercises in Central and
Eastern Europe or more and more includes
as their participants American side and
we can also look at the deployment of
American representation throughout those
countries and the European continent
there is still American nuclear weaponry
and exercises on the use of it is in
breach with the international agreements
on involving non-nuclear members of the
Alliance in Eastern Europe ents are
going to also deployed
there is tank brigades about 3,300
soldiers about 90 tanks and 150 military
vehicles as well as other heavy military
equipment this also includes 2000 Air
Force and technical specialists and over
80 helicopters as you can see the entire
representation of American military
forces master 65,000 soldiers and this
is not everything they increase the
representation of global anti-missile
defense systems in Europe and Asia they
are finishing up the creation of such
facilities in Poland which complements
those which already in place in Romania
and American anti-missile system THAAD
is already in Republic of Korea and we
constantly comment on this in mass media
the system of forefront basing of the
American armed forces in place
throughout Eurasia in the forest they
represented in Japan over 60,000
military men and over 30,000 military
men in South Korea which under the
pretext of the increased activity of the
DPRK carrying out military operations in
Northwest north eastern Asia and in the
Middle East American soldiers are
represented in Iraq Afghanistan Saudi
Arabia turkey United Arab Emirates Qatar
and even in Syria without legal
agreement of the country and that's not
the entire list and there our
representation and American
representation abroad sir cannot be
compared not just in numbers but also in
this huge increase of the American
representation which we see
I would also like to note that no
corresponding basis or anything of a
kind which I've mentioned today next to
American borders is not in place at all
but at the same time the activity on the
part of a bantha gone and their allies
Ondra along Russian borders is on the
rise and is amounting to an unseen scale
using the pretext of this threat the
united states are just trying to unite
the motive that the great number of
allies it can and it reiterates the
importance of pressuring Russia this is
the trend which we have been seeing for
for a few years and they try to
strengthen their ranks and that's why
they need this information campaign on
the possible Russian aggression
intervention etc and of course we also
have to understand there's some economic
context to it because this means a huge
purchases of American weaponry and we
also see that they bring their military
back to Afghanistan and essential Asia
and the pretext of sowing security
issues and in Central Asia using this
so-called Afghan operation they have
already been creating militant
logisitics facilities of the NATO
countries and I'd like to reiterate that
the united states have placed an air
base in Kyrgyz Republic which was
completely closed to the local
authorities later on they threatened
that they will cut their help to the
country
along the line of international
structures they have also brought their
hundreds of tons of some unknown cargo
and in October 2015 during the
parliamentary elections in Kezia they
introduced into the country some special
cargo weighing about 150 tons which was
not liable to expect to an inspection at
the same time they also registered
attempts on the part of the u.s. to
influence presidential elections in that
country in 2017
for example presidential election
campaign on the verge of the
presidential election campaign the
Department of state of the United States
launched a project which suggested
creating mechanisms of continuous
cooperation with the opposition of the
country and monitoring of the activity
and consultation on the election
campaigns in May 2017 the authorities of
the Republic had to file an official
protest to the ambassador of the United
States with regard to the intervention
of Washington internal affairs of qgz
ethroo supports in destructive
opposition forces and in Ukraine they
the NGOs received four huge financial
support and these structures are
involved in various kinds of lobbying in
fact other been attempts to to influence
the legislative process through
financing such NGOs they also use
digital technology to stimulate and
control the the opinion of the Society
for example they provide serious
financial support to opposition
internet journalism which specialized on
negative on for negative view of for the
choice kazakhstan and curium made in in
favor of Eurasian integration and closer
ties with Russia I just have to say that
tribulation integration and links with
Russia is not something which these
countries need that they have to follow
a different path and refrain from
interacting with Russia and so on and so
forth the various measures of
pressurizing the sovereign governments
being undertaken for example in December
2017 the Netherlands the Dutch branch of
New York Bank of New York Mellon froze
23 million dollars and but as our
colleagues say that everything is in
those publications that those
publications those publishers their
responsibility for what they present and
in the region they provide support to
extremists you know well in the region
we receive for information about support
for extremists in Afghanistan and there
are attempts to make the north
Afghanistan a playground for some
terrorist operations aiming for Central
Asian countries and a special cause for
concern is the increase in military bio
technologies which developed by the
United States this is just a response to
the accusations we received from mr.
Tillison this is a brief version we can
make a more detailed one and we will if
we receive any more accusations and I
think there will be more to come one
more topic and another region we
regularly comment on the situation in
Venezuela we received
issues with regard to the situation
which is changing developing I would
like to go back to this issue the
development of internal policy situation
in Venezuela received a new dynamic from
Caracas and Santa Domingo we receive
information that the negotiations
between government and opposition
prepared
led to a final document which reflects
the mutually acceptable positions it has
been signed by the governmental
delegation and then by the president
Maduro and the delegation of the
opposition on their on their part took a
time-out took a break and stopped it for
a certain time and in this situation the
National Election Council of Venezuela
declared elections presidential
elections of the country which is
provided for by the draft document of
the and and the schedule for a
compromise for a date which is a
compromise for both parts 22nd of April
and unfortunately we see that this a
natural approach that Venezuela has
right to determine its own fusion fall
its path is not obvious to some
countries and we've seen statements that
April presidential elections are
unacceptable by default and this is
clearly facilitation of the tactics of
that part of the Venezuelan opposition
which supports boycotting the peaceful
settlement of internal differences and
it is provocative that Secretary of
State mr. Tillison allowed for an
opportunity or possibility of a military
solution of
the crisis in Venezuelan government and
the fact that and this goes flies in the
face of all the statement about the
commitment to democracy and
responsibilities between the countries
of the Western Hemisphere in respect to
the non constitutional change of
political system we research our stance
that the issues of internal settlement
in Venezuela has to be decided by the
people of the country in respect of all
constitutional and legal procedures
based on democratic norms and no
destructive external intervention we are
convinced that that the task is that all
political forces facilitate the
organized and peaceful manifestation of
for people's will in Venezuela we also
paid attention to the statement made by
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan
about the destabilizing role Russia
plays this has received massive
representation in Japanese mass media we
saw this in various Japanese
publications this words were pronounced
at the parliamentary hearing they once
again voiced well-known Washington's
thesis that Russia supposedly
destabilizes the world a world where
there is nuclear weaponry and by
carrying out development and by striving
to use tactical nuclear warheads with a
small capacity we are surprised that
they say this because it's not Russia
who does this but the United States of
America they are creating modernized
nuclear bomb humor emotions parable our
wish can be reduced to minimal I'm
speaking about the bomb
the 6112 the doctrine of the u.s.
recently published announces the
development of new missiles picking off
C missiles and ballistic missiles for
submarines Trident P the idea that
Americans doing that as a response to
some steps made by Russia means speaks
of absolute misunderstanding of the
problem and turning the the facts upside
down and try to just justify the
activities of the US on some imaginative
pretext who deliberately follow the line
of undermining the basis of
sustainability in the world
Russian doctrine for many years limits
itself to two defensive scenarios only
as a response against Russia or Russian
allies with use of nuclear weapon and
other mass destruction weapons and
conventional weapons if the existence
the very existence of Russia is under
threat besides that military doctrine
presupposes the system of Newton on
nuclear restraint which is aimed at
prevention of military conflicts which
is mainly based on conventional armed
forces in this context the justification
of the u.s. course on mass increase of
military weapons as a response to some
Russian
doctrinal settle settings is an absolute
misunderstanding of the subject such
declarations from Tokyo directly
contradicts to the priority task of
forming the trust in a military
political sphere between Russia and
Japan and is negatively affecting the
general atmosphere of bilateral
relations we are also deeply regret and
seriously anxious about the recent
decision of Government of Japan on
location deployment of edges ever
complex in its territory it is obvious
that this step is one more step towards
development of global and sea missile
defense of us a nation Pacific and is
against stability in the region
a few more topics Estonia the states of
Kerala trying to eliminate their only
Russian language school justified by
optimization unfortunately we have to
comment on that in the context of many
questions that's a right example of
consecutive permanence discrimination
politics we have many times focused our
attention on the malware of this
approach we hope that the decision
decision of the four of the future of
the school will be taken bearing in mind
the necessity of the town and the right
of preservation and development of the
language of minorities who live there
one more one more topic we saw in the
mass media the block of the internet
resource in Lithuania we award this cuz
in a few weeks ago
the main goal was to find the citizens
of Lithuania who were not loyal to the
foreign policy course of the governments
of the country who sympathized to Russia
the way it is not appropriate there and
many many other things the internet
resource was based as a meritorious is a
peacekeeper us sorry Ukrainian a website
with blacklist of enemies and they
managed to introduce 155 persons in this
list
there were many comments and there on
that and probably under the pressure
decision was taken to close the website
will for me about that because that's
the topic and we have described this
topic already and the last topic which
is not the least still you have probably
seen a big number of messages and
comments made by the lawyer of Russian
citizen quarterly wash off
regarding his detainment and the
conditions he is detained in and this
regard would like to express opinion
though we have already commented it
through the Embassy of the US and
nevertheless that the official position
of the ministry is required Ministry of
Foreign Affairs of Russia's closely
following the situation with brotherly
Russia off who was detained in April
2017 in Spain he was detained by the US
request and transferred to the US when
where he is accused in fraud in the US
now he is in a prison of Bridgeport in
Connecticut and the counselor Department
of Russia in New York is in direct
contact with his lawyer had a personal
meeting with that he was unhappy with
the conditions of detention there was no
light in the cell
no personal hygiene
means like some primitive things like a
pillow like there is a constant noise
outside the cell which really influences
the physical condition of the detainee
now walks in the fresh air no provision
of medications we think we consider it a
pressure to be more loyal to the to the
prosecution and into the investigation
we have already provided the note
against that and we will fight for
following the rights of our citizens
unfortunately the number of arrested
rushes keeps growing and 2017 was real
like boom of these cases they amounted
to 11 and we could go a Ministry of
Russia had to publish one more like
precaution for those who are trying who
are aimed to go and abroad what is very
interesting when the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs is making these precautions
which is not only about detainment of
Russian citizens on the request of the
US this also about emergencies the
militant political situation in these
other countries
the next day a big number of some
pictures some names why preventing us or
like why because even if there's
information you know of just such a big
number of addresses from the relatives
of those arrested letters of parents
children friends please help see if our
citizens we get such a big number of
letters requesting to evacuate in case
of emergency I don't think that this
precautions are ridiculous
in fact three people in the free country
can improvise why not but when this
information is coming up please
think always that you can be a target in
this situation this will be your
relatives and your friends who will
write you to do something to provide
assistance in a difficult situation or
to help to get back to return or to
provide immediate medical medical
assistance and so on and so forth forth
a few years ago will criticize from
journalists because this information is
insufficient now information is ample
but sometimes it provokes some easier
relations to that though and the danger
is real many Russians who are under the
control of who are followed up by the US
special services are provoked to go
abroad and then they arrested and
brought to the u.s. all these cases are
well known when it happens they undergo
certain measures so of threats and
threatening and some pressure they are
forced to acknowledge in at least some
guilt to admit it we claim that the
Russian citizen has to receive all the
necessary things in accordance with the
US legislation inter alia and with like
in international positions everything
necessary including the medical
assistance and obviously we require to
we claim to stop this unacceptable
practice of chasing Russians worldwide
nevertheless the US may shows no
reaction on that and before go into Q&A
session I would like to ask a question
to my colleagues we have screens we want
you to show something so let's do it
please remind me of what we were
planning to show these are the resources
we frequently quote the materials of the
young diplomats Council of the of the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs we invite
you to the events with a
have their own resources and we are
ready to announce them today this this
is a part of the website the links will
also be provided in today's minutes
please sign up follow up follow the
updates and invitations to their events
thank you I am ready to answer your
questions if you have any information
agency Moscow Baku yesterday one event
reminded on 25 relations of the
diplomatic relations between Russia and
Azerbaijan State Duma in state duma both
delegations opened an exhibition on this
occasion telling about the relations
between the two countries to your mind
what role is played by cultural links in
diplomacy because do they help in
diplomacy not in our case but sometimes
there are situations when cultural links
strong links so to say even when
diplomatic relations are in their lowest
I have to say that we have celebrated
this date in embassies and by our public
which is really important regardless of
the number of official ceremonies the
important thing is that people between
the of the peoples of the two country
who have links of common history or
common traditions in common life in
general they have to understand that
everything is done for them for their
good and culture is definitely a very
important most probably important
cultural link between the peoples in the
cultures and will have not attended this
exhibition personally I've only read
about that I and I think that we
shouldn't welcome these events in these
of us should be evil should be numerous
we have wonderful humanitarian dialogue
both concerts and exhibitions and
various cultural exchanges are taking
place that's why
once more like to say that we can only I
can only welcome that and from our side
we will contribute to it to our best if
there is a possibility I will definitely
do it I think I have a question on
cereal you know chilling and converse
and how would you comment on the strike
of coalition headed by the US on the
Syrian pro-government forces and whether
according to the information of Moscow
this the version of the US side means
the Russian position that Syrian Pro
governmental forces made a serious
strike against the opposition and
whether you agree with the information
from the Russian side that Russians were
warned on the back fire on the on the
word about the strike as for the context
of information that's actually a quest
in the ins of the military actions in
Syria that's a question to the Ministry
of Defence generally as for your
question
we keep analyzing the situation the
information which is coming regarding
the incident which happened yesterday
there is information about I can say
that this information now is being
verified in order to make the official
estimation of the situation and share
our comments on that
what happened provokes a big number of
question regarding the version of the
events presented by the US side
primarily how a group of 500 people can
attack a headquarter with the support of
tanks and artillery and wound only one
person's how this headquarters could
resist in this conditions half an hour
at least half an hour and not in order
to call for air support and provided how
a decision of opening massive fire
against Syrian Armed Forces was made in
such short time and so on and so forth
in order to clear all these questions
and in order to have the full picture of
what has happened the information is
being gathered gathered both by our
military experts and Ministry of Foreign
Affairs and when this information is
available we will definitely share our
official estimation once more like to
say that the questions are really
numerous from what we see now first of
all I'd like to congratulate you with
the upcoming a day of diplomatic
deployment now there is a candidate of
the President of Russia senior subject
in Washington she already attended a
number of events where she openly
expressed firm criticism rough credit
criticism against Russian the russian
foreign political course which many
experts consider as call to refuse of
the sovereignty of russia do you think
that such an event in the territory for
the country where a registered candidate
for the presidency is participating a
direct interference in our home affairs
i think that today i have broadly
expressed my point about how we
unfortunately we note interference the
other interference of the u.s. in the
home affairs of various countries
you were speaking about whether there
was a discussion between silicon Russia
that this trip and the things that
happened in Venezuela now I don't have
this information I can't verify it
mmm I don't have this information for
the moment and I have expressed my
official position on the situation in
Venezuela and I have to say that we have
closely followed the development of the
situation in the country as we discussed
during the previous brief things those
democratization process we many the
Western partners insist on uh speaking
about the situation in Venezuela largely
hiding behind the principles of
democracy they have to lead to in making
the situation better in this country not
Wars and the second question I think
maybe not now but can you prove some
information whether there was a
reduction of number of troops of
Russians to the US after the situation
between Russia and the US and the
warnings made by the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs what do you mean after what
after I mean not after what you have
just the warnings but all the warnings
that will meet see we I see we have the
statistics on the number of visas can
you can turn to this material this is
issued I mean I have to amass I can say
that even if the reduction recently has
taken place we have to base
I guess on the statistics even if it
happened I don't have the statistics
even if it happened it's happened
because of the increase in terms of
issuing visas by our us colleagues
unfortunately what has happened but
being done in two phases first of all
the term of consideration of the
documents was prolonged like half a year
a girl first face it happened even more
than six months ago it was to summer
summer and spring or summer and the
second phase happened of recently a few
months ago to make the whole procedure
even more complicated I can reconfirm it
because many Russian citizens are just
supplying to us write to us they are not
asking for anything but they just write
in that it does not really correlate
somehow with international standards in
order to contribute to a communication
of people to each other the way the
visits are issued issued but that's not
a question to us our standards of
issuing visitor Americans remain the
same regardless of colossal strike which
was made Diplomatic Service and the
situation of our with our property in
the US and extradition of Russian
diplomats they were quite notable quite
many people the general consulate was
closed on biggest one regardless of that
the terms and the format of issue in
Russian visas to the US citizens were
not changed have never been changed you
have the flow side Afghan Information
ages although Russia has numerous
occasions
refused to have Taliban the security
management of Afghanistan just a few
days ago
stated that Russia supports Talib's in
the fight and supports Isis fighters
what do you think of that and can such
statements by Afghan officials influence
the relations between the two sides you
know however many attempts have been to
distort our position regarding this
issue
it stays clear and tastes the same we
comment on it frequently and we
regularly comment on it it's regularly
commented on by mr. Kabul of and I think
there can be no doubt that no nobody can
say that this position has changed our
position States and way of reading
newspaper are from Armenia and
nagorno-karabakh is still in conflict
and they've been a meeting yesterday
with a present of Azerbaijan today with
the president for me Armenia and this
process is receiving peacekeeping help
but we hear that in verbage and they
moved a meeting to happen in a few
months in two months and some suggest
that this is not due to some political
issues but also to some external policy
issues and do you think that this change
of date of elections presidential
elections inversion can influence the
settlement probably slow it down we're
only on the contrary galvanize it I
think that elections in Azerbaijan are
an internal issue of this sovereign
state and
the format and the issue the reasons for
it that's something which you have to
ask about the zhurba genocide
yes please Westmacott muhammad RT
Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs
weren't around the situation enough with
offering the United States plan to
increase weaponry provisions to the
military groups they are supposedly in
order to fight Isis at the same time
yesterday in Sochi mr. Lavrov stated
that it seems that Americans in Syria
aiming for dissolving the country
stabilizing the country what results can
this yield what this scenario can lead
to and do you think it's necessary that
Russia has to do something about it it
has to stand up to this scenario and to
what steps can be taken to prevent this
your question is not very original
unfortunately this time you pretty much
cited what is happening in the region
and how it's dangerous for Syria I can
say that Russia is indeed taking
political and political steps and
undertake certain military efforts in
order to prevent what you've mentioned
from happening this dismantlement of the
country and making it into a playground
of terrorists and illegal groups
destabilizing the situation in the
region as I said we make political and
military steps towards this we support
Syrian armed forces in their fight
against the remaining terrorists and how
does Russian side do this you can
consult the Ministry of Defense for this
and a huge impulse was given by the
Congress which took place in Sochi and
its outcomes weren't obvious but they
still needs time to develop to become
more obvious against the context of
various negotiations for example in
negotiations in Geneva and in terms of
the settlement in Syria and talking
about political settlement the
constitutional committee still has to
work has work to be done and to develop
in Constitution our efforts also focus
on supporting the dialogue with leading
international and regional players I'm
talking about international
organizations and various countries we
do everything which is in our power in
order to stimulate the Syrian settlement
in this to along these two lines and the
aspect of political context will be
important and in this respect Munich
forum Munich platform will definitely be
important I'm talking about minister
lavrov's context in negotiations there
he will definitely be covering this
topic what is the Moscow opinion how do
you evaluate the American accept are
they countering your efforts to
normalize situation in Syria I have
mentioned two specific examples today
they're trying to shift the focus of
international community away from
results of sochi congress by using this
chemical dossier in order to minimize
the results achieved in sochi and once
again form this view of the russian role
as a negative one and
they also talk about those supposedly
moderates
but now their position is less clear
those remaining moderate opposition and
they continue not accepting the peaceful
solution creating the conditions for
further create further existence of the
remaining terrorists there and I think
this is an issue to be studied by
military experts but as I've said today
these conditions make it possible for
terrorists to conduct very active
fighting and create this bloodshed make
provocations and conduct terrorist
attacks against Syrian soldiers there
are various situations but we conduct
dialogue with the United States as part
of the political settlement and we also
like to draw attention to the following
I didn't remember what I've mentioned it
here or not maybe I have I'll just
reiterate in other case this is just
minor details we've heard from
Department of State that the United
States ignored the Sochi Congress no
actually we had their official
representatives there they were present
there like observers we can give you
names if you need it it wasn't
high-level but it was level which they
established this a minor details but we
still can explain this but they use even
such aspects to trick to distort and
when they say that they were not
represented in Sochi is untrue the
United States were represented there I
can give you last
names but I think you better contact the
American Embassy in Moscow such things
on largest gala or on a more local scale
creates obstacles on our way towards our
common goal which the United States is
always mentioning yes please good
afternoon
there are so here you guys really refer
on February 6 Moscow hosted the
consultations with the DPRK delegation
with the head of the first Europe
Department Director what are the
outcomes of this meeting was issues were
raised and do you have a plan of a joint
relations anniversary with this country
yes we conducted such consultations as
part of the exchanges and those were the
relations between Ministry of Foreign
Affairs departments between Russia and
90 PRK on our part it was mr. a
colleague and on the part of duplicates
in Chania and we covered our interaction
along various issues including the 70th
anniversary of establishing our
diplomatic relations and also discussed
the situation on the Korean Peninsula as
far as the plan of events is concerned I
am I'll be happy to share with you the
list which we already have next time
we're still working on it but I I'll be
happy to share information of the events
which we already have planned yes please
our breakup
madam Sahara do you know any details
regarding the status of the
Constitutional Council and are there any
deadlines or any issues on the its
members well you have to contact mr. de
Mistura on the
better what question but now they're
working on determining determining the
framework of this structure its
jurisdiction and I can say that once we
are able to share any final vision
publicly we will do it but at the moment
they work is still in progress and mr.
de Mistura is taking part in it the
United Nations involved and we are
hoping to share this information in
great detail with you we will do a
second round yes of course permission
agency Eurasia daily yesterday the
ambassador of the Russian Federation to
Bell Russia
mr. Surikov in response to the inquiry
regarding the pro-russian publications
in Bell Russia said to the range of
freedom radio Svoboda that he has to
communicate with different people and
this includes journalists and one I see
my that my the people I'm conversing
with our hostile and aggressive I
stopped my context I start contexts you
were such people you have to keep away
from those who smell bad could you
comment on this I don't understand this
question is it something which the
ambassador said regio swaboda Roger
freedom quoted him said that the mr.
ambassador said this you have to contact
the Ambassador himself if you have any
additional questions honestly I don't
quite understand
why are you asking this question what
can i comment on here is it his personal
position his personal vision you have to
clarify it with the ambassador what is
the issue of this question is there
something which you're not happy with in
this statement what is the basis for
asking this question you can ask any
questions here of course but I'm just
curious yes I thought this phrase is a
bit too much well because a journalist
is a journalist and you have to
communicate with them and if journalists
smells well that's I think it was
phrased a bit differently the last
phrase it says that I see the people I'm
conversing with and when I see in my in
the people I'm talking to you this
includes journalists that they are
hostile and aggressive I stop any
contacts with them you have to keep your
distance with those who smell well I
think that from you cannot come to the
conclusions which you have come when
analyzing this phrase I don't think you
have to read into it and see something
which is not there last time you spoke
well of Bulgaria and spoke very clearly
of it my question is that if we're such
brothers why are we in the difficult
situation and second question why TV
centre TV channel released movie
producer misciagna there
miss placing your brother and as a human
timothy say since Keystone we met in the
club and before the upcoming to the day
of diplomatic worker our football club
is presenting you with their football
football and Bulgarian football is to
gir give presents you with his t-shirt
it's his golden t-shirts where he played
with Ramzan Kadyrov and his wife is
prepared to dance tango for you because
she's a world champion Argentine tango
and I'm also prepared to develop
interpersonal relations as far as prices
for petrol in Bulgaria are concerned you
have a an energy ministry in Bulgaria
any ministry which works with finances
budgets youth or government you have to
contact them
I think you have to contact the TV
Center TV channel regarding the movies
they release I haven't seen in this
movie and I cannot comment on it and as
far as what is concerned in Sochi and
who you've been dancing with that's not
my question definitely if you think you
can dance with someone I cannot really
prohibit it and thank you for the gifts
international news agency newsprint
Bulgarian
Bragan intuition do you know why they
have you have such prices on petrol in
Bulgaria could you please tell us I like
to join in the words of thanks regarding
your comment on our on the prospects of
development of Russian Bulgarian
relations it's very important for us the
special reaction came from the statement
that patriarch Kirill will join us
during the festivities and I just would
like to ask the question which is of
concern for the entire Bulgaria will
Brett whether the Russian presidents
will or will not be present at our
festivities and just a few days ago mr.
Tosca the leader of European Parliament
will be was talking about the EU summit
in which will take place in Varna on
26th of March president Erdogan will be
meeting presidents of the European
Commission in European Council for the
first time so on the verge of our
liberation day we will receive the visit
of Turkish president and will the
Russian president be also with us
following the tradition and practice
established the schedule of the Russian
president is commented on by the press
services of the President of the Russian
Federation and I would like to redirect
this question to them and just say it
once again and as far as Russian
Bulgarian interaction is concerned we're
prepared to do it
to work in it and I'm happy to cover
this topic yes please Jose Mohammed
Carson 2023 channel I have a question
regarding Syria
what is the role Russia plays in
stopping the Turkish airstrikes over the
territory of Efrain what do you mean
mass media wrote that Russia closed the
airspace over Efrain for Turkish Air
Force's if you're talking about this in
this context then this is more an issue
of the comments of our military experts
and just Ministry of Defence we have
stated our position regarding the
situation in r3 we are very concerned
yes please
good afternoon Brazil Romania this week
with sole strategy of extending the be
it was this NATO strategy no it's a new
strategy or for expansion towards
Balkans how does Russia evaluate this
strategy and its influence on the
relations between Russia and this
countries and between Russia and the EU
you know specifically on the EU strategy
I have to examine it in LGM I will share
their estimates of that as for our
cooperation with Balkan region and the
European Union as well they are special
specially available for us we develop
relations with the European Union
countries and with the Balkan region
countries and with integration unions
which these countries are part of in
other words our position has always been
they're specific those countries who are
members of the you
we definitely derive from the membership
in this organizations and the
obligations at the same time at the same
time we have always been in favor of
harmonized development of relations and
various tracks both in bilateral formats
and/or the format of the EU as for the
countries who are not members to the EU
and who consider their membership or
cooperation closer cooperation with the
EU actually we have never seen any
obstacles in developing relations with
the Russian Federation and with the
European Union we never put the question
the way like either you are in favor of
us and if not you are against us and
like friend or foe
we are in favor of harmonizing the
relations and our practice and our
experience show that this is a possible
route as for the concept I understand it
as for some detailed questions regarding
the relations with this of that Balkan
countries put this question directly to
as well comment on that later please
comment on the situation with temperate
with deputation of the North Korean
workers
I've already commented on that yesterday
I would like to say that we've announced
ATS
Russian side has closely following the
solution the decisions of the UN
Security Council regarding the sanctions
as well these are the only sanctions we
consider legitimate I mean like a
pressure factor of pressure on solving
some dissident international situation
as is unknown in December the Descent
decision of the of the UN Security
Council proposes deportation of any
immigrants within 24 days and Russia the
rush from the idea that North Korea not
in Korea citizens who are in the
territory of Russia legally will
continue working up to the limit set by
the UN Security Council you know I
cannot ignore the fact that one half
months ago there were questions a huge
number of questions from the Western
media why Russia violates the resolution
of this Security Council and North
Korean workers operating the territory
of Russia we were answering that we were
working and direct operating according
to the you a Security Council resolution
and they have the contracts when we have
when the contracts are riding out of
time we have the questions from the same
media while you act in this way and why
you drive from the provision of the UN
Security Council resolution so the
questions appear to want them to an
absolutely opposite one not surprising
2017 was a trend a trilateral format
Russia Azerbaijan turkey Russia
Azerbaijan Iran Iran Azerbaijan towards
Turkey through this tradition continue
in 2018 and how do you estimate the
efficiency of these formats these are
formats who come from necessity a big
number of everything this is a tool
which is needed to solve this or that
question is just a pragmatic need if
needed some other neck mechanisms will
be formed if they do what they were
supposed to do they will be inscripted
in golden letters in the history of
international relations that's routine
and these formats are formed out of
necessity I don't think there is some
big symbolism in the Thrilla trail
format this gel it just depends on the
need to solve this or that question of
hundred international relations number
of countries in the Western torella
critically reacted on the Polish law on
Holocaust and activity of Ukrainian
nationalists organizations the US and I
saw the suppression of the freedom of
speech how does Russia estimate this
initiative
of poland in this question we are not
basis in on some contacts context but
from the unacceptability to revise the
results of the Second World War and to
our vision the need to support it's hard
to find the necessary word like
protection defend the protection of the
historical memory our uncompromised
condemnation of the fascism and they
sell eyes is well known to the world our
attitude to the tragedy of Holocaust is
no exception our basic attitude to the
results of the Second World War
makes no doubt to anyone as far as I
know we also know that Israel and many
international organizations and Jewish
organizations have already reacted on
that answering your question I wanted to
say that we think that every tear any
attempt to divide the history of the
Second World War into ours and theirs
are wrong in their essence
counterproductive ones and will have
very negative consequences to those who
try to revise this colossal
international tragedy we have to derive
from the estimates which were given to
the atrocities of the fascism to their
collaborate collaborators the role of
the Red Army in a free in the world from
the
of from the fascism and the neural
process numeral court results which laid
the foundation of today's international
relations I'd like to remind to those
who recently began to forget about that
that the results of non nürnberg were
accepted and acknowledged by the whole
world and the whole world agreed to them
that's what we base our position on
actually we have to say some things to
say on that maybe it is not a direct
answer to your question but undoubtedly
it relates to the attempts to revise the
results of the second world war in to
what is happening in dividing history
into ours and theirs in segments in this
this history here is one more example
the illegal demolition of the memorial
to the Red Army in Poland the emotions
which we feel about that we are really
really angry about that that's an
absolute impossible to understand
indomita recently in Poland there was a
decision of the local authorities to
demolish the memorial erected to 1964
after 20 years of free in the city from
Hitler army and it was demolished
regardless of that it was all demolished
that's one another vandalism act but
this time it is on the state level if we
see so many cases and we evaluate it as
as illegal activities towards the
memorials we should done by some
individuals or some public organizations
if they can be called so in this case
that the state is standing behind that
and the goal of this activity is
destruction of Soviet Memorial heritage
in the territory of the country and
that's of the country and that's the
policy which we see that's the final
goal is to reform the memory of the
Polish people - about the outcomes of
the Second World War to erase the
memories on that we will remember that
regardless or earth and we will keep
speaking about that and we call for very
strict rough harsh reaction on any case
like this which are absolutely outraging
how else we can call it it but the
factual attempt or implemented action on
revising the outcomes of the Second
World War the small simple step towards
revising this very results we stress
that they ongoing campaign in Poland -
an elimination of the memorials who were
able to remember eight the Terrorism of
Soviet soldiers he is against the Polish
obligations is an absolutely immoral and
unacceptable from humanitarian monistic
point of view official Warsaw is
responsible for such incidents second
only to erosion of Russian polish
relations and it wounds the memories the
memory of the descendants of hundreds of
thousands of Soviet warriors who gave
their life for the freedom of Poland and
Europe some more questions I understand
there the question will be a bit
different bulgarian participation is
also it is about illegal supplies of
armaments to syria as it was found out
by giulianat and java
she made the investing investing a
shion's and then the the tapa she
arrests the topic about investigations
and the Parliamentary Assembly of Europe
decided to initiate investigations to
find out how it happened that 33.8% of
all armaments comes from Eastern Europe
nevertheless the investigation shows
that the whole channel and the whole by
the CIA under control of CIA and the
journalists was brought back to the to
her job why the councilors didn't didn't
want to assist her she was fired
illegally after discourse on information
about the role of Azerbaijan and use of
diplomatic flights to transfer armaments
weapons ammunition though the US and
Washington make a lot of information
condemnation against Russia and there is
direct proof of the fact which is
already in free access presented in this
investigation and the Minister of
Defense of Russia has many times
presented the facts that the u.s.
participates in are to blame - for the
recipient for sending weapons to
terrorists and children died because of
that I have one question why a friendly
representative of friendly Bulgarian
media are asking questions as an
announcement can you please specify what
do you mean we're still learning the
question is if the investigation is
against Bulgaria and Romania can there
be an investigation how the US
participate in that because it's easy to
blame Bulgaria that is
flying weapons can I take it as homework
and next during next briefing I will
give a precise comment thank you have a
question but on the 16th of February
celebrations here does Chinese New Year
and you have made the desert eight you
have made a scientific work on that will
you celebrate it and maybe how and
please sell something to the people of
China to this quality maybe in Chinese
or in Russian thank you thank you for a
pleasant question the holiday I'm trying
to celebrate all the holidays is really
positive and when the holiday you
celebrate it when you are outside Russia
origin when it is celebrated to
international one in this context bear
in mind that the 16th of February
Russian delegation will be in Minich I
promise you I vow that I will definitely
order Philomena as this which should be
celebration of spring I would like to
congratulate our Chinese friends with
this really good positive positive
holiday which unites Chinese worldwide
across the world and if you ask to do it
in Chinese I'm ready to do it
thank you goodbye
