innocent lives being taken away in Yemen
by Saudi bombs you may get the
impression it's a big deal for them we
are all concerned about the appalling
humanitarian situation in Yemen and the
risk of harm to civilian populations
this is the worst humanitarian crisis a
humanitarian disaster this cannot become
forgotten crisis speaking of deals
guess who Saudi Arabia and its coalition
friends get their war machines from
these are called Leclerc
tanks made jointly by France and Germany
here they are in a Yemeni desert
if it hadn't been for an Emirati mogul
who once served as a middleman between
Paris and Abu Dhabi we might have never
learned about the nuts and bolts of the
tank purchase but the guy didn't get his
Commission fee for his job as a broker
he went on to sue the French eventually
WikiLeaks spilled the beans on the trial
and the contract numbers the contract
with the government of the UAE was
concluded on 6th of April 1993 for the
delivery of 388 combat tanks Leclerc 46
tank recovery armored vehicles 2
training tanks spare parts ammunition
and various other deliveries at a price
of 3 billion six hundred thirteen
million four hundred sixty-seven
thousand two hundred twenty-three
dollars over three and a half billion
bucks worth of Tanks one of the
coalition's many tools to reduce Yemen
to rubble of course the Saudis see it as
fight against terrorism
up next missiles
I'll show you another contract the
money's already been paid
although delivery still pending Saudi
Arabia's getting 400 US made
laser-guided missiles from Spain they
cost riad nine point two million euros
that's pennies compared to the tanks I
told you about earlier but the newly
elected Spanish government was having
second thoughts about the deal
eventually though they all vanished no
emotions either new we found no reason
not to fulfill our commitments we've
made a decision that we have to honor
this contract this brings us to one of
the biggest armed deals in the history
of Canada
Ottawa's been wary of what's going on
with human rights in Saudi Arabia
however change of government in Ottawa
doesn't lead to the cancellation of
contracts previously signed but moving
forward we are committed to the kind of
openness transparency and rigor or the
number of zeros on the twelve billion
dollar paycheck is just way too tempting
so hundreds of Canadian made armored
vehicles will be heading to the Middle
East
next time you hear politicians get
emotional over innocent victims in Yemen
picture a massive dollar sign in your
head there are the interests of arms
manufacturers and of course the largest
being the United States something like
60 to 70 percent of the arms in Saudi
Arabia coming from unite seen by the
English the French the Germans the
Norwegians have historically sold
weapons and that's and that's an African
economic interest the current leadership
of Saudi Arabia feels empowered and
enable
while they're backing from the US UK and
France
you
