in the Russian city of Sochi peace talks
between the Syrian government and
opposition groups are about to get
underway the UN special envoy to Syria
Staffan de Mistura will also be
attending Arty's Merengues DF has a
preview minutes after landing in Sochi
cameraman jokingly asked if we'd be
diverted to Beirut look at the banners
he said
they're everywhere the entire city seems
to be plastered in them peace for the
people of Syria 510 journalists were
registered for the Sochi peace
conference in just four days
representatives from 78 different
channels as well as dozens and dozens of
different news agencies most of them
foreigners this army of journalists that
will be covering this event is dwarfed
only by the number of delegates 1600
delegates are descending on Sochi to
take part in these talks
Syrian politicians and opposition
reconciled rebels and active one's
commanders of thousands of men
Christians Yazidis Muslims all faiths
and denominations aiming for peace crews
are hard at work putting the finishing
touches in place they even have special
prayer rooms for both Muslims and
Christians this is a new format no
middlemen negotiators these are direct
talks face-to-face the aim here isn't to
replace other platforms like the Geneva
peace process it is to supplement them
to get the ball rolling say organizers
everyone's tired of this war Sochi is
about letting people admit it as the
Sochi peace talks get underway the
reconstruction of Syria's city of Aleppo
is ongoing the umayyad mosque one of the
holiest places in Islam was badly
damaged in the Syrian war the mosque was
built between the 8th and 13th centuries
which was largely damaged in clashes in
2013 the minaret was brought down by
shelling and the whole complex is
riddled with bullets
