the US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
has said today Washington opposes the
Nord Stream 2 pipeline over fears that
it will increase European energy
dependency on Russia his comments came
during a meeting with the Polish foreign
minister in Warsaw
like Paul in the United States opposes
the Nord Stream 2 pipeline we see it as
undermining Europe's overall energy
security and stability and it provides
Russia yet another tool to politicize in
an energy as a political tool not stream
2 is a major pipeline project designed
to pump Russian natural gas into Europe
but it's something of a divisive project
Nordic and Baltic countries have raised
concerns that it would weaken European
energy security Germany and Austria
though support the project and the need
for cheaper gas supplies meanwhile the
United States also wants a slice of
Europe's lucrative energy market
pitching its liquefied natural gas
exports as an alternative to Russian
natural gas okay let's discuss this
story with political analyst at the
Berlin Center for Caspian region studies
that's Matias dawn felt Matt it's very
good evening to you first of all your
response to Rex Tillerson statement yes
good evening I mean this is nothing new
I mean it has to be seen in the context
of the US sanctions against Russia which
were imposed last year in August and
test 2 BC not so in the America first
policy of President Trump insofar as the
United States wants to export their
conventional gas ylg liquefied natural
gas to the European market I mean most
interesting market for them is of course
the Asian market but nevertheless the
European market is also one of there I
could make targets and as you probably
know last year in Poland already signed
a contract to import shale gas from the
United States why are there LNG terminal
in us we know you sheis so it makes
sense to bring up this statement
especially in
also as president trapped it last August
you know when he was you know asking for
closer relations between Central Europe
in the United States now president Trump
stated in Davos that the u.s. is lifting
restrictions for energy production let's
just have a listen to what he said my
administration is also taking swift
action in other ways to restore American
confidence and independence we are
lifting self-imposed restrictions on
energy production to provide affordable
power to our citizens and businesses and
to promote energy security for our
friends all around the world so we've
got the United States saying that we're
going to export natural gas or liquefied
natural gas and it's very safe great
energy security with us and also at the
same time saying you don't want to take
gas off the Russians that'll give you a
bad energy security just looking after
their own interest is not the case I
mean this is a competitive market and
now the United States wants to sell and
the Russians you know what to sow their
sheep gas and the North stream to
pipeline is a purely economic project
you know I mean driven by by companies
independent companies and it enhances
the the energy security especially if it
comes to gas of Europe because it brings
more gas to Northwest Europe and we can
we can choose I mean we have so many
options we get the guards from Norway we
get the gas from from from Algeria from
the Southern Corridor in roughly two
years so there are a lot of options so
we are not getting any longer any more
any more dependent on Russian gas it's
just you know a question of the price is
the question of the market and it's
purely the the pure interest of the
United States is to sell their gas in
order you know to bring up our own gas
industry with a lot of employment and I
see it in this context and that's why
they try to play it in a somehow
political way but it is in an economic
interest of the United States so the
warning coming out from from the US and
some European countries is any
security that we won't have it what do
they mean by energy security and all
those concerns just defined I mean
energy energy security is not in danger
when we have the second string of not
stream that's for sure you know I mean
Russia somehow this pipeline system and
the whole you know infrastructure is
more dependent on Europe that Europe is
dependent on Russia
so we already reached energy security
it's only the question who has you know
the biggest chair in the market and you
saw last year
Gazprom was quite lucky to export the
highest amount of gas ever did to Europe
it was like including Turkey was like
193 BCM and the share of the German
market was fifty four point three PCM so
it's just you know the question who gets
who is giving the best offers and who
has the best contracts and that's why
you know it should be regulated by the
market not by a politics in my opinion
political concerns will move stream to
definitely be completed in your opinion
yes because it has the support of
several governments among them the
German government and it is you know
applied to the cert energy package of
the European Union and all the other
measures which are not which are now
taken are taken by the Commission a
purely political measures to to stop a
broad stream but I think it will be not
stopped because it applies to all the
regulations and it has a lot of
supporters and it has also a big market
it brings Germany to the position to
become a gossip for Europe you know
giving gas to to Central Europe but also
to North West Europe and my opinion
there will be no doubt that North stream
as a project of companies of private
companies will be realized Mathias
appreciate your time and your views my
guest Matias dawn felt political analyst
at the Berlin Center for Caspian region
studies
