welcome to the Stan Collymore show and
welcome to our new studio this week we
start the show in Dortmund Germany when
it comes to designing football boots for
the world's Heupel I the biggest
superstars Pierre Navarro is the leading
man he makes some incredible custom
design to the likes of Didier Drogba
Romelu Lukaku and man of the hour Pierre
or Bama yang let's have a look as an
artist I'm free to do whatever I want on
a pair of shoes the internal designers
are obliged to follow some gurus and as
an external artist you don't have any
rules so you are free to to let your
creativity speak there is a discussion
with America Bama yank it we believe is
talking to Arsenal about moved from
Borussia Dortmund to lost over 60
million euros will that mean we won't be
able to see him without now appears
having a conversation he might come and
say hello one guy came to me one day and
said okay I need a pair of crystal food
crystal boots yeah
form our regular weekly game with my
friend crystal shoes just to play his
classic game with his friends on Tuesday
night so Pierre we're waiting for Pierre
Obama young but in the meantime we've
got some of your incredible creations I
never used machine to to customize shoes
so everything is and
and it's truly important for me because
you cannot say it's a piece of art if
it's not handmade for me you know if
it's made by a machine it's not a piece
of art anymore
and what players wear these would these
be for players to keep ourselves as a
keep site because yeah I always ask my
client to wear the shoes because that's
the first utility of the of the the
creation of the shoes itself you have to
wear it and it's a part of this history
also of the shoe tell us about this once
this is obviously sneakers a classic one
as a ghetto blaster there it's very
straight same this has a lot of
importance to you please yeah it's the
very first pair of crystallized sneaker
I made it was in 2006 and at the time
nobody was doing it not new boot
insanity nobody was doing it and at the
time I decided to do it for the for
custom competition organized by Nike and
this was where the United States in
Vegas yeah in Vegas yeah I I wanted to
have some shoes linked to the to the
city itself of Las Vegas you know with
sparkles on it and but you know at the
time it was really really strange to put
crystals on a pair of men shoes so I
decided to put the ghettoblaster
inspired design yeah yeah to make it
more men even if it's made with crystals
and it worked
we started in what 2006 seven yeah so we
eleven twelve years late how many pairs
of football boots and rugby boots and
tennis shoes have you done so far
probably close to 5,000 5,000 yeah I
think and you have repeat clients
players and keep coming back for even
more exotic ideas yeah yeah I got some
clients regular clients some others come
to me only once a year
sometimes it takes a little bit longer
three years five years but they always
come back do you wear your own sometimes
yes sometimes yes now I prefer to use my
time to to do things for others it's a
passion and it's a must I must create
finally of course the World Cup is in
Russia in June I guess the hope is that
out of the five 600 players that are
going to be at the World Cup some of
them will be wearing your designs
hopefully I work already with brands
like adidas for example we will probably
do something for the World Cup
you might close as well and know that
Pierre he's got some Swarovski crystals
would you make a nice arty Stan
Collymore show ya jacket for me yeah if
you want yeah fantastic deal Sol okay so
I think that what we're gonna do is is
we're gonna make some Stan Collymore
show special boots I will make it sim
really simple just inspired by the logo
of your show where do we start I will
just took some details of the logo and
try to put it on the on the on the shoes
it's okay so we have the Stan Collymore
show that's a lot over orange there we
can pick out little different colors how
do you how do you envisage this display
looking and we take the the color okay
the orange we will also do
oh this yeah I think it's the major part
of the logo not follow exactly the
dimension of everything and just do it
but handmade now good artist is without
a brush first in the can I do the other
one if you want okay why do you do this
because this little yeah because then
then the the painting lasts longer
so then we get the logo yeah so there's
this very go look Stan Collymore show
logo so that the orange cream we've got
the red font yeah and we've obviously
caught the font already okay so due to
the fact that it's a very special design
then I use this first we will do this
then
that was my game you know quick business
price I want softer I put some special
ads in it just to make it stronger to
make it more flexible and to reinforce
the painting itself everything I'm doing
now I learn it from myself and I think
it's you've never been trying formerly
it's no no art school nothing I learned
everything by myself so it means that
most of the time you make mistake that
you learn from the mistake for me it's
the best school possible it makes you
stronger you can solve every issue when
you are in front of a new shoe new
material then you have the way of
thinking to solve the issue to find a
way to do what you want to do on the
show the key fact is is not the painting
on the material it's the creativity
it's an idea of what special requests
you have obviously fashion what do you
love about these designs you can do what
what I want but what I mean and that's
really really special and maybe I
remember I had a green card was a master
Martin and he did the shoes really
pressed with with the sign of Aston
Martin Graydon so you can do everything
that's what I like such an important
point which we express yourself
so can we commit something special it's
after Christmas wow that is a serious
piece of kit so let's have a little look
here so what's inside so you want to
thank you okay fantastic good monkey
logo on the back yeah did he make you
some boots as well the reason why I'm
asking because for the show is that when
I played long long top maybe before you
were born
is there a black football boots made out
of leather with maybe one stripe or
three stripes now you can do whatever
you like to tell us what you like on
your boots my favorite color it's both
or maybe gold on some white something
shiny
that's fantastic it's great to see you
thank you thank you guys
big smile
a finished product when you take it to a
client Pierre or Didier Drogba or John
Terry that of know your members and they
say this is fantastic I love it that
must be the ultimate boss yeah yeah yeah
much more than having the money for it
for me what is truly important is to
know that the client is displeased by
the creation and that's the most
important part my favorite number I used
to play in number 8 for Liverpool number
9 for Rustin but number 10 Nottingham
Forest and Leicester and number 10 is my
personal favorite number so Pierre is
just added that as well they look
absolutely fantastic thank you thank you
so much and Pierre all it leaves me to
say is is that you have an incredible
gift and talent for making football
boots something special Ronaldinho da
Drogba Pierre Emerick aubameyang
wish you all the very best in the future
and I'm going to send you some black
leather football boots and see what we
go
we'll be back after this short break
where I interview former Liverpool
teammate John Barnes stay with us the
1986 World Cup in Mexico was a historic
tournament for England i sat down with
Liverpool legend and good friend John
Barnes to discuss that tournaments and
his memories of playing for the Three
Lions
je vais delighted you can join me on the
stand : or she'll wanna talk to you
about the two World Cups that you played
in give us the background to Bobby
Robson the Great Lakes Bobby Robson
calling your original e to that 1986
squad well first of all I started
obviously playing for England in 1983 so
come 1986 I was a fairly well
establishment with a squad a thing that
if you speak to people who are first of
all just getting in and around the squad
at the time of when people are being
called up then it's a question mark as
to whether they're gonna be called upon
not I've been paying for one foot at a
time so I wasn't you know the superstar
Liverpool team but I you know I've been
playing for three years so I was a
regular member of the squad but he still
feel it had been you know nervous
because everybody wants to play in a
World Cup twist it would miss the 84
European Championship and I wasn't even
thinking about the World Cup I'm
thinking about Watford how are we gonna
do at Watford I knew I was gonna go
unless I got injured you know so we told
as much possibly Robson he did because
he looked me in the eye he said Luther
you're definitely going no he didn't
tell me as much but as I said it was
really interesting back then because the
squad really picked itself what do you
feel the expectations were from you the
group the quality of the group the
manager and the nation going into that
World Cup will you play for England as
you know they're always on their stick
expectations they always expect you to
overachieve there was expect you to win
because you're English rather than
looking at the quality of all the teams
and mean realistic about it and talking
about maximizing the potential you have
and if you maximize the potential you
have yes you can win but more likely you
could get to a quarterfinal semi-final
and then if you play better teams they
can beat you and also what really helped
England back then which really changed
post-1990
is the laws of the game and the nature
of the game whereby you can be physical
we knew that we could get stuck in but
mainly because of the way football was
back then from the laws of the game
perspective we would be able to defend
well we don't have to have 50%
possession we could have 30 40 percent
possession defend well we can work hard
and then get the ball in the box and
guaranteeing a couple score fast
forwards out to that group thanks the
the linic hat-trick paraguay win
argentina
four years after the Falklands
well of course you are well aware
because Bobby and we all love Bobby and
Bobby's team talks always revolves of
course you know if you know the history
of the British Empire Bobby's team talks
always revolved around remember remember
the war know of course when you're
playing against German that's very
obvious but of course we've had the war
of independence against America you
fella crimean war against the russians
expecially in fact you've had the the
the how many wars we have against french
hundred years war so no matter when
people are honest and think well it must
be just against germany you know england
at fault against everybody so of course
they're argentinian Malvinas but of
course what you also have to understand
i always felt this i always found this
because when you played for England and
I've ever actually said it but a lot of
the talk wasn't be told by the
Churchillian speech it up with me but
also from people like Terry Butcher you
know Bryan Robson brain Wilkins used to
call Terry Butcher a teen actor you know
about the wall and say they shall not
pass and he's a real warrior and he also
bought into this whole thing about
England and the British Empire and
what-have-you but I always felt well why
should it mean more first to play for
England then it meant for the French or
the Germans or the Tunisians or the
Algerians to pay for their country and
of course in that respect particularly
having lost a war for example and feel
hard done by because of the nature of
things
it nearly should probably meet a bit
more to the Argentinians to actually be
just you know I went along with it
because I'm a young man who doesn't you
know want hairy butts at the head
bottoms ever said come on Terry let's
get stuck into these but I'll tell you I
must admit that throughout that Diego
Madonna's my favorite player of all time
and in the warm-up was really funny
because you know in the warm-up you have
to house of the pitches and you're all
on the pitch warming up so of course
we're on warming up and of course that's
we're warming up an outside pattern ball
to each other everyone's are suddenly
look to see what Maradona is doing and
he's just by himself in the middle of
the pitch just kicking this ball up and
doing things with the ball and he would
just he came into the middle went to the
center circle and he got the ball now
for anybody who knows how to juggle and
know anybody who doesn't know how to
juggle
listen won't make any sense to them but
he was juggling the ball but when he
juggler football you juggle the ball
probably about three feet in the air
okay he's lonely yeah but he's kicking
the ball thirty feet up in the air kicks
it thirty feet as it comes back down he
kicks it straight and all the 30 feet up
in the air he doesn't about ten times
which is
impossible to do you not I mean he can
barely juggle it whereas if it's got to
come down 30 yards I kick it straight in
a straight line enough about ten times
he's just escorting on his arm he just
looked at what some he just walked up so
back then we all just went okay here we
go
I was on the bench I sat on the bench
and I watched him tried the whole game
throughout the whole game so to be
honest we all saw that the first goal
was the handball we all got up
straightaway and we saw we saw it we
couldn't believe that the linesman
didn't see it and of course now you
speak to read girls with feet over there
and Terry Butcher and people like that
elation when I kill him and they hate
him I've got no issue with that
whatsoever
Oh a mighty she's be the referee however
the second goal and I have to say it
took every inch of restraint in me not
to get up and celebrate but me picked up
the ball and he started to run I was on
the bench I was like that I know she was
playing over there and when you went by
the keeper it took every infamy got
because how can you not admire a goal
like that
1990 do you feel that the 90 squad was
better than 86 and did you go into the
90 tournament with a lot more confidence
as a team as and as an individual I
think that the lightest squad had more
experience because we're all made four
years older and of course we got some
young players like guys are coming
through platic came in but of course
platy only garden because Robo which we
all know how rubber got injured now with
his toe and everybody without piston he
broke you must ever that's yeah so no
one do other time that's our plan and
that's our platycodon or platoon of play
so we felt even then we went into it
with a level of humility to know you're
a good team and yes with a bit of luck
we can go through and in fact we needed
a bit enough to get where we got to so
we never went there overconfident with
England England never did and that comes
with having the experience of
understanding the nature of aid English
press and the expectation of English
public we really fought as much against
the fans and the under-under and the
press when I'll talk about fighting
against them fighting against their
expectations started every game on the
bench in 1996 started every game in in
the 1990 World Cup right the way through
to your injury what year memories of the
group I was never fit you know I had an
interest towards the end of that season
awhile I started every game until when I
came off in the Cameron game didn't play
against Belgium I wasn't right I could
feel it wasn't right but Bobby wanted me
to play and he kind of like played me up
front played me while I've been but I
was never I was never I was never fit
and once again it was the same thing we
never started particularly well ah
but we started enough experience in the
squadron oh you know rubber was out so
but that year one you have a character
as you know like Paul Gascoigne
everything just goes out the window
because Gazza
really you know with his with his youth
and his naivety really just just pull us
through and it was just a mouth for
watching while he was doing not
necessarily I mean a performance against
German wasn't winning performance but in
the before the earlier performances he
was he was good he was okay but he was
just his character around the place
around the dressing room of course he
took all the attention from the press
from us how do you deal with that kind
of like bundle of energy in a dressing
room you cross your fingers and you try
and keep an environment and an
atmosphere which is a positive happy
environment for him to perform
knowing that like that everything could
change you got injured you came off a
half-time you against Cameroon did
England underestimate the opposition in
that game
there are athletic ISM and their skill
on the ball and their kind of pure joy
de vivre the way that they play when I
went up at halftime I knew my time was
over I don't think we underestimated
them because don't forget I've said
before that even up until that period of
time the laws of the game were such that
we could be over the physical with teams
the difference with Cameroon is that it
couldn't be physical with Cameron
because they were equally if not they
were more physical they were huge they
were strong so we lined up for this
Cameroon team and Terry Butcher would
they were late so Terry Butcher we had
better more screaming it was
unbelievable the atmosphere but we
because I think where we played you can
actually see them you could hear them
before when they came around to join us
in the tunnel and we're saying they're
late disgrace we gotta gather shouting
and screaming or people alike all of a
sudden it was like Zulu dog Michael
Caine we heard them chanting singing
coming around the corner
and all in the lap and then they came
around the corner and they're coming out
all they needed everything dude with
Michael chemical yeah yeah and they're
huge and they came running down
alongside of someone stood there we win
all the best there were a big physical
strong time so we could intimidate them
physically and technically cause don't
forget a lot of players played in France
as much as you know they're from
Cameroon but all and played in faster
with technically proficient they were
strong they were naive that was the only
thing what did you think overall when
you got back home my mates went down to
Luton Airport and the 300,000 people
that turned up to greet the team the
expectations were probably exceeded a
first World Cup semi-final since 1966 a
fourth place finish you already ran
established seasoned international and
one of England's best players how did
that World Cup reflect cheering albeit
with an injury yeah well of course I
mean it was different for me because I
wasn't you know because of my injury and
of course when I came off so and you
know what it's like sometimes you really
don't feel part of it you know and of
course the celebration really was for
that for that for the Germany game could
played so well we could have one and of
course which gathers tears and that
really was it so I kind of like felt a
bit of an outsider because I knew that
India had been really I didn't do myself
justice in that world covered pleased
that this country did well and it's
really interesting because even then 86
was the same although Argentine eighty
six o'clock came on and even then one is
injured
we all want to each other to do well
Stan you know what it's like when it
honor the team is like what you don't
want the team to do well you don't just
play in your position to do well but I
could really say the harmony that 1990
and 86 squad was the most important
thing England I've done really well and
bound to your part of the team and we
did well so well done but I knew that
the next game if I didn't play well
they'd be on my back again so I kind of
like was a little bit reserved in my my
joy what's your favorite memory could be
on the pitch off the pitch over those
two World Cups watching Maradona play a
litter boat you know Gaz's Vaz's
announcement announcing himself to the
world in what he did and some of the
stories about Gaza because I saw Thomas
Berthold for Nina and he's the player
gathered kicked when Gaza got booked and
they asked Thomas which is also complete
typical Gaza situation because everyone
thought that when he kicked him that
Gaza was like to say no I'm sorry I'm
sorry Roman ahead and then he may lie
down and started hitting Gaza and he
thought well God is saying sorry so just
accept it but capital might have
announced Thomas and I said Thomas is
this story true and he goes yeah you
gotta ticked him I'm sorry Paul
Gascoigne's mind that can work this way
so Gaza studied Talmud so he said well
when I kicked he said he was screaming
like a bee a bee in his Jordan act
Geordie accent and he said I saw the
referee coming over and he said if the
referee here said screaming he's
definitely not booking but if he doesn't
hear him screaming then you may not book
me someone to squeeze his lips so he was
tried to squeeze his bubble said I'm
called Thomas protocol yes you were
trying to squeeze my mouth I don't know
what he was doing I gather could be
something like that John as always
erudite fascinating and really
appreciate you joining us thank you very
much it's a pleasure babe
that's a lot on the stand collie mall
show this week join us the same time
next week when I chat to walk up with a
patrick vieira come on
you
