Turkey's foreign ministers hid out at
the US saying he doesn't believe
Washington is a trustworthy partner it
comes as tensions escalate between the
two NATO allies over Turkey's offensive
against the us-backed Kurdish militia
groups in northern Syria the US hasn't
kept any promises mr. Trump told
president Erdogan on the phone that
normal weapons will be given to the YPG
we'd like to see that put into action
Turkey's foreign minister also says the
US has misrepresented what was said in a
recent phone call between the two
countries leaders about the hostilities
in Syria president Trump related
concerns the escalating violence in
Afrin Syria risks undercutting our
shared goals in Syria he urged Turkey to
de-escalate limit its military actions
and avoid civilian casualties the White
House statement about the content of the
phone call between Trump and Alderman
was probably drafted before the
conversation took place because it did
not reflect the truth the phone call
came after Ankara announced it is
extending its military operation in
northern Syria and that it will not set
its sights on the Kurdish held city of
manbij the US is said to have 2,000
troops in the area and the White House
has said Donald Trump warned his Turkish
counterpart to avoid any actions that
could bring us and Turkish troops into
direct conflict well let's have a closer
look at what's happening in the region
this is the border between Turkey and
Syria and the areas in yellow are held
by the Kurdish various Kurdish militia
in the West you can see the Afrin region
there and that's where the Turkish
assault began and to the east of it this
bit in green there is where a number of
Turkish Turkish backed rebel groups are
there involved in the push towards
manbij there's a recap now that we're
going to show you on how the operation
has unfolded so far
they're firing at us with tanks and
warplanes we did nothing to hurt them
we are protecting our land and they're
bombing us so we have to sleep here in
the cellar
because of the bombs we are free to go
out on the streets what do they want
from us where are now all land they
should stay in there's no matter how
many planes and missiles they send this
is our land and will not leave it and do
what odo and wants in retaliation for
the operation several missiles were
fired from Afrin over the border into
Turkey on Wednesday killing two people
in the town of Kilis and injuring a
dozen more a mosque and the residential
building were damaged in the incident
International Relations professor
Hussain Bank she told us Turkey and the
US are on a collision course in Syria
it taught between two presidents at the
moment is not friendly and Americans
made certain I will say threat in
political terms that turkey should not
extend the military operation we have
regional conflict on the one hand but
also an alliance conflict between two
NATO countries the American side was
insisting Canada Turkey is not going to
extend the operation so this is somehow
a warning by the Americans to the
Turkish president the confrontation
between Turkey and innocence of America
is getting more and more likely
