top US Democrats are claiming Russia is
behind an online campaign to release a
classified Republican memo marquis caleb
Maupin has more well according to the
democrats there is yet another Russian
conspiracy against the American Way of
life now this is all regarding the
hashtag released the memo there is a
memo that has been seen by top
Republican leaders that purportedly and
allegedly shows vast misconduct by the
FBI in their investigation of Trump in
Russia and possibly spying on Donald
Trump now there has been a huge call on
social media for this memo to be
released now the Democrats say that this
is a Kremlin plot and they are calling
on Facebook and Twitter to reveal the
role of Russian BOTS or in allegedly
promoting this hashtag released the memo
we are witnessing an ongoing attack by
the Russian government through Kremlin
linked social media actors directly
acting to intervene and influence our
democratic process we urge your
companies to immediately take necessary
steps to expose and deactivate accounts
involved in this influencer operation
now how do they know that it's Russia
that's to blame for this social media
upsurge well all of the the citations in
their letter is simply media reports
that are rather unsubstantiated now
what's particularly interesting is that
this patch tag released the memo it was
started by top Republican leaders who
saw the memo called it jaw-dropping
we're outraged by its content and
demanded that the American people be
aware of how the FBI was conducting its
work I had that same shock feeling I was
like wait a minute this actually
happened from our Justice Department and
this FBI
that's how serious this is there has
been a real attempt to undermine this
president as the type of information
that we need all Americans to see
immediately the American people deserve
they must they want to know what's in
this document sadly much of the
mainstream media will not be covering
this today but in this house on this day
let us know that indeed we are still one
nation under God and willing to protect
life now they
Tagg released the memo originated with
top Republican leaders concerned about
the activities of the FBI and now it's
been taken up by millions of Americans
however it looks like the Democratic
Party which seems to be quite concerned
about the calls to release the memo is
falling back on their old canard Russia
did it meanwhile Americans on Twitter
have launched a new hashtag not a
Russian bot campaigners have been
tweeting that they are in fact real
people and not working for the Kremlin
all right we can now cross live to
political analyst at John Griffin John
thanks for being with us here on Rt
International so as we just heard
American Twitter users are objecting to
the allegation that the campaign is
being driven by Russian BOTS do the
Democrats have any evidence to back the
claim up no and this is really growing
quite tiring will the little green men
and conspiracy theories ever cease this
is the same party that for the last 50
years engaged in open treason with the
Soviet Union Ted Kennedy actually in a
memo memos get the Democrats into
trouble actually asked the general
secretary at the trial at the time to
intervene in the 1984 US elections to
unseat Reagan you know Keith Olbermann
only only in the last year called on all
foreign intelligence services I would
assume that includes Russia to undo our
our elections so the Democrats have a
massive double standard when it comes to
election intervention President Obama
intervened in the Ukrainian elections
intervened in the Israeli elections I
mean this is clearly not a party that
actually believes in election integrity
they believe in winning and in keeping
power and that's a very different issue
so let's talk about the memo itself the
campaign is all about a House
Intelligence Committee memo written by
Devin Nunez who was part of the Trump
transition team it's already been seen
by some members of Congress is there any
good reason why the contents should not
be made public no no no good public
interest reason there is definitely I
believe evidence of criminal
Spira see in this memo and frankly the
people that should be concerned are
Hillary Clinton and all the Democrats in
the DNC that took part in trying to
undermine election integrity in the
United States so there is a good reason
why a number of Democrats do not want it
to be seen by the public
but for the sake of for the sake of the
democratic process and for the sake of
openness and transparency we should all
see this and in the long run that will
be good for everyone concerned what if
we look at what the Republicans are
saying Iowa representative Steve King
wrote like he's read the memo it's worse
than Watergate Florida representative
Matt Gaetz says that if we get this memo
into the public square heads are going
to roll at the FBI pushing back just a
little bit I mean there is interest for
Devin Nunez to undermine the FBI in this
case how serious could this be
well again the evidence we already have
access to actually reveals what we we
already need to know it creates the the
pretext for reasonable suspicion and
frankly we already know and have proven
that Russia did not hack us vote tallies
they did not intervene to at least to
the extent that was previously thought
in the u.s. elections and the Democrats
have been engaging in neo McCarthyism
it's kind of switched the roles here
from 50 years ago they were they were
taking the fifth because they were being
called to the mat for collaborating
themselves with the Soviet Union now
they're actually turning the tables and
saying that Russia did it at every turn
it's become a little silly it's become a
little ridiculous this is a broken
record we need to actually have a real
conversation about the real data in the
real facts and not about this fantasy
all right very interesting to hear
thoughts political analyst did John
Griffin thanks for being with us here on
Rt International
