the end justifies the means they say
some things no matter how horrible just
have to be done these are hardcore
fighters they have to be rooted out this
is an ugly business but it is necessary
business it's only after when the dust
settles and you see what you've done
that you start having second thoughts
this is when you say damn what did I
just do
the devastation goes back as far as you
can see it is almost beyond description
how deep the damage is as many as a
thousand airstrikes a month on Raqqa
alone just airstrikes not including
artillery tanks and all that more than
80% of the city was deemed unfit to live
in by the UN a city all but raised so
let's start with the obvious incredible
work has to be done just to get people
back into their homes except we won't
pay here's the disclaimer stabilization
not reconstruction the US will help fix
the pipes but someone else is going to
have to sort out the rest of this mess
no sir the coalition freed you you do
the rest
we humanitarians including the UN do not
have access to our Raqqa city because of
the presence of explosive hazard
contamination which is endangering
people trying to return to our Raqqa
City and it's also endangering
humanitarian access over 200 people have
died while trying to return to their
homes and hundreds more have been
injured from our understanding of the
reports that we have only a limited
number of of neighborhoods in our Raqqa
city have been cleared or returns and
that's mainly in the outskirts so who is
going to pay to rebuild an entire city
the guys who helped destroy it say they
won't the civilians returning from tents
and refugee camps the Syrian government
which doesn't even control Raqqa who
