turkey has began a military operation on
Syria's Kurdish held region of Afrin
launching airstrikes and cross-border
shelling with the ground invasion
expected on Sunday more than 70 planes
conducted sorties with all the aircraft
now reported back at base in Turkey
campaign which Ankara has deemed
anti-terrorism has been named Operation
olive branch it's aimed at Austin
Kurdish militia from Afrin which has
been held by them for five years Turkish
cross-border shelling of the area began
Friday parties policy has been following
developments least eight f-16s have been
firing from the skies while on the
ground you have the Turkish backed
Syrian opposition rebels who have moved
into this Enclave not isn't on tape that
is controlled by the Kurdish militia the
YPG from the ground we're also hearing
that the Free Syrian Army has been
arriving in buses as well as in trucks
that have been fitted out with machine
guns we are receiving reports in terms
of the civilian situation there and
there we are hearing that people have
been ordered to retreat into their homes
and into shelters but there are reports
coming through of people who have been
wounded and injured and who are being
taken to the local hospital now all of
this follows threats over the last few
days by the Turkish president air the
one that he was going to launch a ground
offensive into Afrin it was really just
a question of when and he said that this
was really the only answer to root out
what he has called terrorist elements
there take a listen
the Afrin operation has de facto been
started on the ground this will be
followed by manbij the promises about
manbij have not been kept so nobody has
a right to say anything now manbij is an
area that is mostly Arab it is west of
the Euphrates and it is the next step in
terms of the Turkish military's way of
dealing with the Kurdish militia it is
not far from the area that the Army has
entered now so that is where all eyes
are turning for the immediate future the
Turkish Foreign Minister has posted a
tweet saying the country launched the
offensive against Syrian Kurdish
militias exercising its right to
self-defense yeah did anchors actions
are strictly in keeping with
international law
you went on to stress the operation
doesn't target civilians but aims only
to take out terrorist groups
RTC Astana broke down the distribution
of forces frozen what brought Turkey to
Syria in the first place this is what
the situation on the ground in Syria
looks like right now Afrin the region
where the Turks are carrying out their
military operation the area highlighted
in green is where the turkey backed
rebels are to a certain extent at least
they are helping Ankara from the ground
red are the Syrian army these the Syrian
army guys they don't have any problem
with the Kurds but they do have a
problem with these guys because this is
the area the green area is also the
region which harbors high optic we're
al-sham or nusra a terrorist
organization and finally here you have
man bitch
there it is also it is a city also
controlled by the Kurds and it could be
Turkey's game plan Aragon has already
said that after he's done with Afrin man
bitch is next this operation hardly came
out of the blue you know the Kurds have
been historically a major thorn in
Turkey's side but what catalyzed things
now was the Pentagon saying they are
going to create a so-called Syrian
border force the Coalition is working
jointly with the Syrian democratic
forces to establish and train the new
Syrian border security force currently
there are approximately 230 individuals
training in the BSF inaugural class with
the goal of a final for size of
approximately thirty thousand one very
precise description of America's
intentions there by that point Turkey
had had enough Ankara beefed up its
forces on the Syrian border deployed
tanks and President Erdogan vowed to
destroy quote this terrorist force
before Washington even has a chance to
create it US Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson tried to do some damage
control saying that the situation has
been made sport radom is described and
that some people misspoke well that
wasn't nearly enough to contain turkeys
fury Ankara has been keeping the United
States in the loop about the operation
against Washington's supposed ally
America which arguably pitted
turkey against the Kurds has now called
on them to focus on the fight with ISIL
pretty much the same as saying it's
every man for himself in this conflict
Turkey has also notified Syria about the
action which Damascus is not happy about
at all Russia in its turn has been
cautious and called for all parties to
pull the punches
the main reason behind the developing
crisis in this part of Syria is the
provocative steps taken by the United
States which were aimed at isolating
areas with predominantly Kurdish
populations uncontrolled deliveries by
the Pentagon of modern weapons to
pro-american formations in northern
Syria contributed to the rapid
escalation of tension in the region and
led to a special operation by Turkish
troops loose lips sink ships they say
well this time we're looking at a
potential all-out war e goes down of RT
and I can bring in now yes shudder your
cous who's the former Turkish foreign
minister and former ambassador to the UN
pleasure to have you on this evening I
was interested how far do you think mr.
Vardhan is is going to go is this going
to be confined to northern Syria or
could this offensive become much more
large-scale
well if it is the entire northern Syria
is already too big
it started with it was going to start
with a friend but later on other places
such as bitch that's to say the area
which is already under the Turkish
military control but the city of men
which was not captured this time I
understand that Turkey is determined to
enter members as well and from that go
to the east of Euphrates which is
Kurdish control Kurdish controls
actually of kobani and zerah Russia is
saying that it was America's policies
towards the Kurds in northern Syria that
really were the catalyst lady leading up
to this assault from from Turkey would
you put respond
ability for what's happening on
Washington or not yes to a very large
extent because if United States was not
going to arm curse a turtle would not
have arrived it to the point where it is
and Turkey tried to draw the attention
of an ally NATO ally that you should not
arm and train and provide ammunition to
terrorists it is linked to be the
dangerous PKK terrorists because Turkey
regards the YPG which is the military
branch of PYD that's to say the
strongest political Turkish political
party in Syria and Turkey wanted United
States to stop this supplier of arms but
United States using excuses continue to
supply and this is where we today where
it's going to take turkey us relations
do you think will they remain strategic
partners it seems like you know things
are getting worse between the tea
actually
United States try to wash its hands by
saying that it has no military presence
in offering specifically but if we first
of all there may be many people armed
and equipped and trained by the US after
all so the American presence military
person in a fleet may be absent this may
be understand but if turkey continues
the military operation and carries it to
Long Beach and to the east of Euphrates
then it will come across with the
American and two allies will be fighting
in a third country this is something
that is not acceptable normally in an
alliance what reaction do you anticipate
on the part of Iran here
Iran may keep silent but of course you
may have noticed that the interest of
Ankara and Damascus are also converging
on this particular issue of Kurdish
arming or arming the Kurds in the north
and the curse asking for autonomous
region or federated region and this is
against the wish of the Damascus so
Ankara and Damascus come closer to to
each other on that point but of course
Iran has another agenda for Iran it is
the continuation of the regime whereas
Turkey's interest with Damascus only
coincides and becomes conversion when
the question of arming of Kurds beyond
that there is no convergence of interest
between Damascus and Ankara while there
there is continuous continued
convergence of interest between Iran and
in Damascus beyond what is happening now
in after in the shall I appreciate your
time my guest this I assure your case is
a former Turkish Foreign Minister thank
you
