hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report lots of interesting thing hey
little rocket man actually you had a
little sort of crazy thing going on
there how would you describe that rocket
man outfit I'm gonna rock it man
is that not really not working that
great I don't mind my fingers look small
no I got a big rocket you get shot
what could you doggy well Brad so Mike
Roberts an arrow or Al Pacino nah that's
max keiser
doing an impression of Max Keiser doing
an impression of Al Pacino in that movie
he no but I will fix your hair by the
way you like that let's do it we've
mentioned in the past everybody knows
that Donald Trump got a lot of press
attention for tweeting at Kim jong-un as
little Rocket Man and that was after a
little Rocket Man Kim jong-un had called
president Trump dotard and you know my
feeling is that after this surprise
rapprochement between the north and
south in Korea they're meeting and this
notion that North Korea might actually
send some athletes to the Winter
Olympics yeah I think actually
surprisingly it may have been schoolboy
like but I feel like Kim jong-un felt
respect like he's been doing all sorts
of things for the last 10 15 years to
get any attention whatsoever from the
presidents of the United States whoever
that might be and none of them have ever
referred to him directly they're always
referring to the North Koreans are gonna
be in trouble or whatever they never
respond to him directly so I think Trump
actually getting on Twitter and saying
hey little rocket man my buttons bigger
than yours he's actually addressing him
directly and thus giving him the respect
he wanted all they needed it didn't
matter all you needed what to do it
seems to get to the table was to address
him directly it's a guy thing that's
what guys do yes the way guys talk you
know if you don√≠t let ik team for
example you play sports here I'm a
hockey team or a basketball team or
something yeah guys will poke at each
other they'll pick fights with each
other that's how you get the team going
as I get the team organized that's you
develop esprit de corps so by Trump
saying hey rocket man it's like you know
George W Bush used to
everybody in the cabinet little names
and pet names and nicknames it's a form
of endearment
so as you point out he's talking
directly to this guy this little rocket
man in North Korea whereas Obama might
go through a diplomat or he might not
speak to him directly and he goes their
channels and he goes through back
channels
it's all very corrupted and it's all
very a lot you know it doesn't
Trump's right to just say hey Frick come
on over here you freaking lunatic let's
have a conversation have a meatball
spaghetti you know like you like movies
you like did you like the way South Park
made you look like a imbecile in that
movie America team America did you like
that and he's like yeah kinda what's up
you know help me over to the White House
in fact here's a headline we didn't get
to last week because we were covering
these other stories in the financial
news this isn't really financial news
related but it will impact the world
economy
South Korea's moon says Trump deserves
big credit for North Korea talks South
Korean president moon jae-in credited US
President Donald Trump on Wednesday for
helping to spark the first inter-korean
talks in more than two years and warned
that Pyongyang would face stronger
sanction if provocations continued he
gave him big credit he didn't just say
credit he had to say big credit because
he was of course talking to the dotard
that is Donald Trump so you've got to
say huge or big or whatever guys are
simpletons I mean look at this whole sex
scandal and Hollywood it's because guys
are basically simpletons you know they
have simple needs and simple tastes and
simple once and if you run a crazy
dictatorship of North Korea you're not
you know conniving kind of working out
diplomatic angles and super super you
know kind of theories about what you
should be doing is just a guy up there
lonely regardless they do have advanced
technology there they are as we have
discussed with guests like Tim shark
they do have an advanced weapons system
they've built bombs they have a nuclear
weapon they have ICBMs they have things
like that that doesn't it's not like you
can't do that and not be intelligent and
not have a scientific class and have a
class of people who can do this
so however their arrest
the economy is according to many like in
a deep turmoil and there's a you know
the economic duress for most of the
population but I want to turn to you
know looking back at little at doe tards
country which is here the United States
is some of the more data that keeps on
coming out about this opioid crisis here
because for the long-term impact that
this will have on the economy has to be
substantial because these numbers are so
shocking and I know we've covered this
before but the data just keeps coming
out and it's just it's breathtaking more
and more breathtaking every single time
new data emerges the opioid crisis is
driving up deaths of Millennials in the
United States the u.s. is one of the
wealthiest countries in the world is the
world's center of innovation of medical
science if the country can't keep their
youth from dying us Millennials are now
dying at such high rates that it is
driven life expectancy in the country to
decline for two years in a row the first
time this has happened since the early
1960s the primary cause for the trend is
the opioid crisis and the actual data
from the US Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention shows that a hundred and
twenty nine out of every hundred
thousand twenty-five to thirty
four-year-old US adults died in 2016 not
since 1995 at the height of the hiv/aids
epidemic did you see that
so 129 out of every hundred thousand 25
to 34 year-olds died because the two
countries are parapa soup they both have
catastrophic social policies atomic
weapons crazy people that dictators that
run them and now they go into in
Olympics so it's a fun fun for all so
I'll show you a chart here the death
rates among young adults in the US are
skyrocketing that shows that you know
they they plunge during the 90s I'll
tell you let me add my comment here this
is strictly for the New York Times this
would be like the collapse of the Soviet
Union in 1989 1990 remember there was a
catastrophic die-off because of the
mismanagement when Yeltsin was put in
place by America
and they meddled with the election and
he had a die-off and all vodka
consumption here's America having the
die off of neoliberalism called wacko
New York Times this is America it's not
the Soviet Union post collapse okay and
put that in your frickin pipe and smoke
it
Paul Krugman whomever's over there
whacko nutjobs at the New York Times you
like to be critical of this network but
never mention me by name well that's a
good point because of course they will
the New York Times is still very
concerned about the die-off
that did happen in Russia post collapse
of the Soviet Union they are seemingly
more concerned about that than what is
going on here but the number the data is
you know remarkable in 2010 just 18 at
every hundred thousand Americans died at
the age 25 to 34 from overdose by 2014
that rate rose to about 23 and a hundred
thousand then it really took off from
2014 to 2016 it spikes by almost 50% to
almost 35 the majority of this rise can
be accounted for by an increase of
deaths from heroin natural and
semi-synthetic non heroin opioids like
oxycodone and most importantly synthetic
prescription opioids by fentanyl that
the death rate can spike 50 percent in
the course of two years
well I predict that pretty soon the mick
jobs if they're called employers and the
gig economy employers like uber and
stuff will start paying their employees
in fentanyl well maybe but you know the
fact that we have this 50 percent spike
in any other if we saw it from here if
we saw it happening in Venezuela a lot
of people are very very very concerned
about Venezuelans who some people are
saying are starving to death you're
starting to see some people starving to
death so we are as a people we're very
concerned about those people starving in
Venezuela I would think like you're
gonna be normally human societies kind
of organized around their own family and
then their local community and then
their state government and then their
federal you know you you know you're
usually are concerned kind of like with
those closest to you so like these sort
of numbers if we saw them from afar we
would say what something weird is going
on there
when you saw in Russia after the
collapse of the Soviet Union you saw
that it was the disintegration of the
society and the economy and the and the
structure of the economy and society
around them that collapsed and they had
no place suddenly here we have something
going on I don't know what it is it
could you know you mentioned
neoliberalism but that's been something
that's been going on for the last twenty
thirty years is it finally is just a
sign of people giving up hope but these
are 25 to 34 year old so well you know
what's going on it seems like it should
occupy more of the time on MSNBC which
is supposed to be the progressive
Network for example so you would think
like you know you you would think that
it would be the Fox News sort that would
be like great this is creative
destruction you need this sort of stuff
MSNBC is the sort that's supposed to be
like concerned about this so I would I'm
just wondering why nobody mentions it
because they're too close they can't see
it you can't see the forest for the
trees you know that expression I just
learned that apparently during the night
mites on your eyelashes are mating
people well they're sleeping mics and
their eyelashes are mating okay now it's
right on my eyeball and I can't see it
so here you have America you've got
those Millennials overdosing on you know
prescription opiates from drug
manufacturers that are effectively
creating pharmaceutical Holocaust in
America let's die millions of America
died release America start oh it's
meaningless because it does an impact
our 401 K it doesn't it doesn't because
this company that sells these opioids is
a private company it's one of the
largest private companies in America and
pharmaceutical companies these drugs are
available to Europeans and to Asians and
to Latin Americans and yes somehow
they're not overdosing at the same sort
of level so there's something unique
going on here something happened in that
time period so it was that time period
from 2014 to 2016 something in
particular happened there and I don't
know what it was but it's worth a study
Americans kids are 70% more likely to
die before adulthood than kids and other
rich country the Gini coefficient in
France is very small the gap between
wealth and poor is very small
Amerika the tradition in a family in
Europe and in France is very strong you
know is very typically see grandma and
the kids and the dog all together they
all together on vacations are constantly
together family values are very strong
in France you don't have that in the
United States you have the Gini
coefficient is exploding wealth and
income gap exploding yeah Jeff Bezos
with one hundred and X billions of
dollars and millions and hundred million
dollars 150 million people in America
living at or below the poverty line in
France the youth has an identity that is
constantly inculcated in their minds
through education and through society
and through culture of being part of a
tradition of excellence in the arts for
example in the u.s. there is no American
culture I mean the only American
cultural artifact would be jazz you know
or something like that and of course
that's not even the majority of the
population isn't it's a minority the
population so what is there really that
America stands for in terms of a
cultural order artifact it's about
consumption overconsumption obesity we
have a winner-take-all mentality it's a
lottery mentality in America either a
winner or you're dead and the
pharmaceutical companies of course the
lobbyists coming to Washington they
change the laws that make it possible to
peddle Holocaust in America and nobody
freaking cares because they never
learned the lessons of World War two did
they they said let's do it again Jeff
Bezos of course over worth over a
hundred billion dollars whose company
Amazon it just emerged that they're one
of the top ten companies in America with
employees on food stamps yeah and they
also could get into the pharmaceutical
selling business so you could get an
opiate drug deliver to your home by
drone thanks Jeff your frickin opioid
whole cost provoker well we got more
coming your way after the break stay
right there
welcome back to the Kaiser report on Max
Keiser time that's returned with tyson
slocum he's with a group which calls
themselves the public citizens energy
program I want to ask you first of all
Tyson because I am fairly new in
Washington DC now you are a lobbyist or
you're a quasi lobbyist what are you
exactly
well I'm not technically a lobbyist in
order to be a lobbyist under a law
called the lobbying Disclosure Act which
actually was championed by then Speaker
Newt Gingrich back in 1995 you've got to
spend at least 20% of your time
contacting members of Congress and
executive branch officials I usually
spend about 10 percent of my time doing
that so public education and awareness
and crazy and things like that's correct
so K Street is where lobbyists are is
that that's where a lot of the corporate
for hire lobbyists are okay we've got
our office up on Capitol Hill so there's
a bunch of my colleagues lobby but you
know I recently testified before
Congress but that doesn't count towards
lobbying because when you're invited to
publicly testify it's more for public
education
than private law okay and I see you sit
down with members of Congress and you
you know are talking to them about
what's going on as you see it in your
sector and and and hopefully to
influence their vote right that's
correct in addition to talking to the
media and working with grassroots
activists you know the there are three
main pillars to advocacy media
grassroots law where in Congress you
find the the ear most sympathetic to
what you're talking about
a senator or a congressman who can you
name a name can you say this guy really
is a guy we go to because he's really in
sync with all we're thinking about I
think senator Bernie Sanders is a big
champion he also is on the Senate Energy
Committee so he's got relevant
jurisdiction to energy issues and I'm a
big fan of him and his work I actually
think that he's a very effective
legislator senator Maria Cantwell who is
the ranking member of the
Senate Energy Committee I think is also
a very effective advocate for families
okay here we are lost in DC yeah you
know in this industry so to speak what's
the scuttlebutt on the street with the
current administration and going into
2018 and 2020 what what is like trying
to come up with some opposition that's
gonna get some traction not we've seen
some big flashy names in this celebrity
arena but you know that's not nothing or
in the actual belly of the beast right
so what kind of trend do you see what
worse where is an effective pushback
against this current administration
because it appears as though they're
gathering some momentum they're not
collapsing like people thought that they
would they're actually gaining at some
momentum so where where's the pushback
in a big well I actually would challenge
that they're gaining some momentum just
because they had this tax bill victory I
don't think it's a popular measure
Donald Trump remains deeply unpopular he
is the most unpopular president in
recorded history at this point in a
exactly where Obama was in his cycle and
in the White House in terms of
popularity versus unpopularity and where
I live in North Carolina is the only
game in town
no one's tricking talking about anybody
on the other side of the aisle and
that's and I Drive all over this country
Georgia Alabama Tennessee North Carolina
South Carolina they're there trust Trump
country through and through they love
them well but in Alabama which is
probably as as deep Trump country as you
can get they just elected a Democrat for
the first time in 25 years and I think
they see that as a seed of building you
know every election is different you
know Roy Moore was an insane candidate
but you know the fact of the matter is
is that Trump didn't really help matters
there okay more into your area of energy
let's talk pipeline politics the u.s. is
not exporting natural gas liquid natural
gas
Russia has just opened a new mammoth LNG
liquid natural gas terminal what's
happening in this area the natural gas
prices are pretty depressed right now
there was a time several years ago
where LNG prices were extremely high and
so the market was very lucrative right
now the LNG market is fairly saturated
prices are sort of low but countries and
and investors understand that there are
that there's going to be strategic
growth here so as natural gas is
positioned as more and more the go-to
fuel in electric power markets those
nations that are positioned to supply
natural gas globally are gonna be in a
good position and so the Obama
administration was actually fairly
supportive of LNG exports they did a
number of things unilaterally at the
Department of Energy which is one of the
primary agencies that oversees the
approval of liquefied natural gas export
facilities the Obama ministration
actually put into motion the rules that
fast-tracked the consideration for these
it's also important to remember that
called like natural gas it's cleaner
it's cleaner than coal I think that
there that would be a positive for
chompin in for your in your interview
not necessarily because I think because
at the same time he's also doing things
that are very negative for their
drilling in the national parks open
Arctic which are clearly stupid and
boldest terms I can't it's just frickin
stupid right
and he's also proposed a vast expansion
of offshore drilling right on the
Pacific karana coast it's ridiculous you
know there's a lot of things with Trump
where he's undisciplined and a little
unfocused and sometimes sloppy and the
execution of some of the policies that
they're putting a geopolitical you know
the grand game as its called sometimes
so is it true as I've understood from
reading various reports that the u.s.
effectively is becoming the center of
price and energy industry no more are we
going to see OPEC in Saudi Arabia
fulfilling that role in other words the
us through the Snatcher all gasp through
the fracking boom that's taken place
they're now in a position to be the
swing vote that the price maker the
market maker in
and the price of energy Saudi Arabia
you've got a new regime there who for
some reason because he's depriving
people of their rights and keeping them
in a hotel and threatening to kill them
and behead them that's called being a
reformist right apparently but they are
now going to be a vassal more than ever
before of the US in terms of energy is
what is that is that's what's going on
yes no it's something there's no
question that fracking has fundamentally
transformed energy production in the
United States and the 2015 law change
signed by Barack Obama that ended the 40
year ban on exporting crude oil and of
course we've always been able to export
liquefied natural gas that has been a
big variable in global markets but I
don't think it's the chief variable I
think that there's a number of other
things that are that are competing here
you you can never forget about trends
and demand one of the big factors going
on right now that's sort of keeping a
lid on oil prices at around 60 bucks a
barrel is the fact that people are
really uncertain where the Chinese
economy is going and the Chinese economy
was the big reason in the mid-2000s that
we saw this huge increase in global
crude oil prices with uncertainty about
demand growth in a huge economy like
China and even India for that matter
that's so that's keeping a lid on prices
but there is no question that that
United States production is a global
variable for the first time in an awful
long time but I wouldn't I wouldn't
assign it the primary kind of like pre
OPEC I mean I mean the 70s yet the petro
dollar came about yeah the crisis of
energy crisis the seventies debry
seventies you had a huge recession the
biggest sense did depression and so then
the rise of the petro dollar and that
quid pro quo we're going to let Saudi
sell us their energy they as long as
they take their dollars of buy US
Treasuries with them so they have this
quid pro quo you have this this this
this relationship going on so is that it
seems like that's now changing the
global relationships are changing
a bit because now China as you mentioned
is a big big into this mix and Middle
East is dealing directly with China
China is now at odds with the US and
does your work in the energy business as
such do you get into how the US dollar
is world reserve currency plays factors
into all of this not directly but you
know clearly there have been some moves
by other countries to price oil in
currencies other than Gaddafi who else
would trying to break free of the US
dollar right I guess no I don't see
right now another currency you know the
Euro has taken a big credibility hit so
I don't see anything dethroning the
dollar at this point I think a lot of
that talk was happening when the Euro
see where China is really threatening to
pull out of the dollar as a way of
challenging the Trump administration
assertion that their manipulators and
bad actors in the trade if they go ahead
and dump US Treasuries the dollar takes
a massive hit energy prices go up pretty
dramatically but then that would
potentially be good for the environment
right it could be yes but you know
that's like hammering a nail with a
sledge hammer you might achieve your
goal but you create a lot of collateral
damage
it's also interesting that that the big
rumored investor in the potential Saudi
IPO of its state oil company is Chinese
national Arab funds right so you know
whether or not that IPO is actually
gonna happen I don't know that it will
it's clear that I think China is just
you know they're aggressive in all of
these markets so I mean ultimately
you're lobbying for the environment
right and for working families we we
kind of take an approach of energy
policy as sort of economic justice
because energy costs represent a huge
chunk of the utility and energy consumer
family not the war consumers consumers
and workers I think you know when when
Trump is unveiling the rollback of the
BP
safety rules for offshore drilling that
were implemented in the wake of that
disaster in 2010 you know that is an
environmental issue but it's also a
safety issue 11 workers lost their lives
on the Deepwater Horizon rig and so we
want to see strong public health public
safety and worker protections when it
comes to big can't you get this whole
idea of green energy being a huge
environmental film plus a wage boom
right right I mean why is that message
not is it is it because the corporate
and I guess you mentioned Rick Perry is
saying that you know I'm gonna I've got
a protection racket for the energy
industry the coal industry so and I've
got the presidents here so we're not
gonna let the fact that the green energy
revolution would be great for wages and
great for the environment and protect
our national parks which is our national
assets that we should be protecting for
dear life
the fact that these are being raped by
energy companies is is a travesty beyond
words so why can't that message get
through is it be now you're you're
trying to get that message through what
do you need like what do you need what
more do you need what are their help
with what would be helpful for you to
get that message through like I'm
totally on board at this message you
know like what would can how can we get
this message through to this guy in the
White House that he's missing the best
financial play of his presidency the
biggest boom you know the art of the
deal this is the best deal he'll ever
see in his fricking life right right
global investment is all going is
pleasure White House right now so
welcome it's down the stage let's go
there right now that's it for this
edition of the cars report three Max
Keiser Miss Daisy report think I guess
welcome tyson slocum he's with some
frickin lobbying group do you want to
catch us on twitter it skies a report
till next time io
