renewable energy benefits everyone or so
we are told it turns out in Germany the
wind turbines are costing taxpayers
money strong winds have resulted in a
recent oversupply of electricity and
energy prices going below zero in
Germany it's extremely rare phenomenon
is called green electricity Peaks and
while the difference between fixed and
market prices increases it is the
taxpayers who have to plug the gap in
Germany the issue of renewable energy is
of key importance and now is the new
grand coalition with the Social
Democrats looms the issue has risen
again if successful the new coalition
proposes to double renewable energy
production by 2030 we are aiming for
about 65% of our energy to be renewable
by 2030
the production of renewable energy must
be significantly increased we want to
further develop and modernize our energy
networks in a recent survey more than a
half of those questions said the cost of
moving to renewables has been too high
and 74% want the shift to be much better
organized
well geopolitical analyst Toreno
Rothfuss is concerned the government's
not addressing the problem of taxpayers
having to pay extra for renewable energy
what really goes wrong in Germany is
that some of the costs that are
attributed to the renewable energies
they in fact cover other costs of the
energy providers and if it comes for
example to the dismantling of old
nuclear power plants you should normally
expect that the power companies
themselves cover the costs of that but
you know all that will in the end also
be covered by the consumer by the
taxpayer and therefore we don't have
really a transparent and chaste system
of attributing the costs in the way that
it is reflected by the real
of kind of energy production
