Trump's first year in the White House is
being marked by a government-wide
shutdown that's after the
republican-controlled Senate refused to
approve a bill to fund the government
though it has been a rather bumpy 12
months for the u.s. president
Arty's caleb Maupin now takes a look at
how trump's tenure has unfolded so far
when Trump was sworn in a year ago
emotions were running high on all sides
US media described it as a pivotal
moment in American history
you're not having a terrible terrible
dream also you're not dead and you
haven't gone to hell it will be very bad
Americans and others will now die
Washington DC the establishment is
terrified and they should be they called
it the Trump revolution Trump promised
to completely overhaul u.s. foreign and
economic policy he promised a brave new
world that was cheered by his supporters
and dreaded by his detractors as a
dystopian apocalypse so a year on where
are we well with all this America first
rhetoric you might have thought that
would have meant less interference in
other countries well that's not exactly
how it played out tonight I ordered a
targeted military strike we are so proud
of our military and it was another
successful event we have many options
for Venezuela including a possible
military option if necessary on the home
front some promised a new level of
protectionism against Mexico and China
but the USA is increasingly buying more
foreign goods and producing less of its
own the trade deficit with Mexico is up
by 11 percent the trade deficit with
China is up by 7 percent unemployment is
low but so are wages there is record
amounts of household debt in the United
States right now and retail stores are
closing across the country now here's
one thing that didn't change between
Trump and previous administrations
during the election Trump talked about
getting along better with Russia and his
detractors called him a Kremlin puppet
but now one year later things between
Washington and Moscow are about the same
as they were before
dad the action bothered by the Congress
to put these sanctions in place in the
way they did that's the decision they
made they made it in a very overwhelming
way I think the president accepts that
we may be at an all-time low in terms of
relationship with Russia this is built
for a long period of time now Trump
promised to drain the swamp of
corruption we are going to drain the
swamp in Washington
see but it looks like that swamp is
still here and deeper than ever
policy stay the same our foreign policy
is the same the monetary policy in the
Federal Reserve is the same spending is
the same deficits are still rising
so there has not been any significant
changes in the direction of our country
which I had been hoping for is that he
has perpetuated so many of our deeply
flawed policies especially in foreign
policy foreign policy is a little bit
more confusing I'm very pleased that
he's at least made an honest effort and
he's reduced the amount of regulations
and I think that's one of the reasons
we've had an economic boost and and that
is that is good and he's made an effort
to reduce taxes that's far from perfect
but lower taxes and less regulation is
good and the marketplace is reflecting
that oh and don't forget about that wall
we're gonna build the wall we have no
choice we have no choice
yeah how's that going we have some
wonderful prototypes now despite the
president's ambitious timetable for
construction it remains unclear when the
wall might actually go up on the surface
Donald Trump looks like a president like
no other he's loud brash he doesn't care
about political correctness
he's even turned Twitter into an
official White House Channel but if you
look a little bit closer and judging by
his political actions he's a little bit
more the rule than the exception
Kalib Maupin Marty New York Trump's
presidency so far has also been marked
by a string of quirky catchphrases and
diplomatic maneuvers which certainly
kept the world and the media guessing
what would he be doing next so here's
our take on his tenure throughout the
year
Donald Trump's the oath of office means
nothing this is one of the most and
you're not gonna give you a question you
say how do you our fake news Donald
Trump's incoherence with all the
directors all for the rough interference
collusion Russian collusion US officials
are growing increasingly concerned about
possible Russian intrusion we've just
launched fifty nine missiles heading to
Iraq
well we headed to Syria yes heading
toward Syria
you just got back from the Middle East
we just applied Saudi Arabia
face-to-face meeting with no beating
withdraw more attention
we are totally prepared for the second
option totally destroy North Korea is a
sick puppy North Korean regime is
calling president Trump's words a load
of nonsense obviously he's a pretty
smart cookie he wish you a very happy
Chanukah right now
I'm thinking about what's going on and
the love that's all over Israel and all
about Jerusalem
