welcome one and all to the Stan
Collymore show we start this week in
Madrid where I visited a civilian legend
and Real Madrid star who is no stranger
to the biggest of tournaments i sat down
with El Capitan Sergio Ramos to chat
Spain and this year's World Cup
okay Sergio delighted you can join me on
the stand Collymore show um the first
question is about leadership did you
feel pressure taking over from a legend
the captain's armband iker casillas how
did you feel
Tommy I mean my siento muy bien de ver
coffee Oh a Sarajevo sat at ego e yo
creo que no es ninguna person todo lo
contrary
s UN rato muy bonito para front our
después de la ver con partido con el
muchos anos riparian sia tanto el real
madrid como las Eliseo yah orop ways
oportunidad no de poder llegar el brazo
let a leader are poised ll wait to re o
tanto de 2 pi e como el real madrid para
me soon reveal fu Hunico how would you
describe your leadership style in the
dressing room being a captain is a very
important job how do you think you've
developed as a captain well uh no sir
come o Mary let me accompany repair o
sea que vive aquí que you intend tapas
leader are de la mejor manera possible
Sara Neto intentar adhara a los
compañeros y por encima de todo puede
ser verdadero no a la hora de ser leader
yo creo que debe ser siempre
el primero ender un paso al frente para
see here al al resto de compañeros Uno's
el primero que tiene que remote re yo a
lo largo de mi Sano's creo que dos or
viendo lo mejor de de cada Capitan kado
teniendo yah hora por un poco me forma
me nickel or a
communicati me formally this interior la
cosa how do you feel that the spanish
squads the selection compares now one of
the favourites to win the World Cup
between the squad now and the team you
played it in 2010 do you feel it's a
better team a better squad now than then
yo pizza is different and no piensan que
ser mejor nipple okay mo vivido la mejor
a polka an evil de story and a solution
community po at ordinary OD who adores
better an OC una mezcla tambien who
adore a joven que empezar vamos a jugar
colossal Espanola bridge emos momento
único cream Osuna un estilo de hue guna
fill Oh Sofia implant amo yo creo al
mundo Delft ooh gulp ways possession
devil Onassis Tolosa Saroja no que yo
creo que todo lo r in Cana del mundo con
con un Corinne yo yo neck splendor que
kakapo Zachary Hondo al al resto del
mundo y de fruta mode el mejor momento
an evil historic o de nuestro pi'illo
ceci toes Astana yo solo Copa see yo
mundial de ahora por una nueva era
pasado mucho tiempo Hedorah Candido
dejando la la Silesian pero lo que antes
éramos hora es ahora somos veteranos
pero si que viene una tienda de hua doli
jóvenes con mucha summa kalla Dada con
mucha ambition Co muchas gana regon are
de querer completar título CSO CA
Mantinea no es a SAT lo que nosotros
tenemos Cano who adore a distinto pero
todo vamos a la la vie moderation pienso
que que Rusia ba ser el el primer a
salmon fuerte de destiny vacillation y
creo que vamos a hacer un gran papel
spine will be one of the favorites to
win the World Cup next year which other
countries do you fail will be in that
group Germany Brazil the usual countries
see your groc isolationist muy fuerte
para para Copa del mundo and Russia a
universal brasil e.e kiss a la otra
Tammy Alemany ah no es una Silesian que
por muchos anos de pasión siempre man
tenido una equilibrio siempre Avante
need o un a Stabila da yo creo que
Alemannia tammy hecho mucho inca PA ya
subido mantener no es a human - yes
estilo tanto la soluta como los
jugadores joven que venía yah hora
pueden di flute our tambien de eso
jugadores joven que su en allah-allah
soluta de prácticamente man tener si
sanchini SSAO came on tiene las
elecciones que que trabajan tambien La
Cantera is it important the Russia have
a good World Cup the team gets out of
the group for the momentum of the
tournament hombre no so trop Briony in a
primary group oh no no sato cadeau pero
en yo creo que al final Wando uno juegan
casa y hora con r empanada pon soup IE
por siempre tiene maleo responsabilidad
en un plus y un Estrada motive a co caso
quiere que no se save a note our Yolo
decir lo mejor Arusha porque cuando
hemos sido por siempre NOS an recibido
co mucho cariño pero lo lo mejor hasta
que tengan que cruzar con con nosotros y
SI tenemos que cruzar no tell me you
favorite moment from the 2010 World Cup
on the pitch or off the pitch he's the
one memory which makes you very happy
mejor memento for cuando people final
yah BK r el campeon del mundo oh say uno
terminus RAK critera cos alpha bol pero
en la pantalla SE quedan a grip on a
game over Oh Sarah no Leamas no despues
de haber sido Campione del mundo y
polkas sensation no tan aqui para
Belleza a lo que uno puede sentir siendo
el campeon del mundo
noon deporte colectivo yo creo que me
quedo con ese momento el momento de
cuando Coachella capaci y la levanta Yas
el momento que también me llamo mucho la
atención el receive in en toe in Madrid
nose ear in alto boozy babe Geron bi y
todo Madrid ya know they wonder of the
pine you croak a sample of palo de Punta
porque some cosas que no Samba vo
electorial yo si por la mañana kbps a
momento he siempre lo olive alchemy
I'm gonna give you one choice so when
the second World Cup with Spain with
with you lifting it or the third
consecutive Champions League but you can
only choose one that's difficult for me
both as we fill pero yo creo que simpler
lo separado citronella Harouna champions
una Copa del mundo afore to Amenti tango
three champions único para el mundo yeah
no me gusta me Carlo me gusta default
are low no pero de manera diferente el
amor con tu mujer Oh el amor de una ha
no no se puede me Clare pero I've sak
muy difícil de cantar tape or poor algo
para o Fortuna demente como cuando
termina temporada NPSL mundial poison
tail an EO t centrum SME to keep owe you
one doc abba to keep o the centrist in
ellis le chien pero Sandow mementos in
all Vidal AE a dia de OE
puedes me Cara polka cosas por vive en
el en el tema Deportivo pero como VND
satan e oportunidad de ser el único
Capitan la storia della van tardo
champion seguida no tenido a suerte
relevant are una Copa del mundo es algo
que me quiera
por que Rico knock fin Elementary
Cristiano Ronaldo Portugal New Spain
first game at the World Cup a very
interesting game to start
yeah
see yo creo que hacer un partido muy
emocionante muy parado también por que
al final days
es un Paiva sino que prácticamente
obviamente tanto Cree como yo voice
Capitan a de las elecciones play Morgana
Dido en yo creo que somos la Silesian a
lot Erie porque Sol actual campaign the
rope I can pee on a European a suspect
Oh bah Segundo bonito para los amantes
fo volley hey Romano conseguir una
victoria por que sería
poor muy importante en la copa del mundo
con una Victorian tarantella favorite
Sergio Ramos wish yo gracias
Tsubasa
we're gonna take a short break would
stay with us as we take you to one of
the most exclusive events in the
football calendar don't go anywhere
following the World Cup draw in Moscow
the Russian embassy in London held an
exclusive event where they presented the
FIFA World Cup to the qualified Nations
and some of the world's biggest names
even I managed to get myself an invite
the Stan Collymore show today has come
to the Russian embassy in central London
why and were decided to come in a
beautiful new suit it's simple the World
Cup next year in Russia is going to
bring together 32 nations and the
Ambassador has brought together the
consul's from those over 31 along with
the great and the good of English
football to have a little bit of a
shindig let's have a little look behind
the scenes
how excited are you to have the World
Cup in your home nation it's been talked
about a lot of times when I was a kid I
remember being told that players like
level yeah Chien and the great Soviet
teams of the early 60s it's the
realization of a dream for many people
in Russia true to dreams the first one
for our our people is we built from this
courage 11 stadiums so and they are the
world standard FIFA standard it means
that that after the games everything
will be for the people for the young
generation so I'm happy about that
second of course you know we'll get new
friends and since the football is the
most popular game in the world I am
quite sure that there will be some kind
of a follow-up and that's why I'm so
happy how excited are you as a Russian
broadcaster for people maybe in England
you all Russia's equivalent of Gary
Lineker how excited are you for the for
the year ahead
yeah really I'm really very excited and
to tell you the truth I don't believe
steel when somebody think Russia and I'm
an muscovite I was born and I live in
Moscow and I still I can't believe that
the biggest event in football world will
is coming to my homeland I had the great
opportunity of going in the summer to
the Confederations Cup in Russia and I
have to say my whole idea my whole
conception of Russia changed why was
that well I remember having a
conversation is so correct in that
regard
exactly well you know people think about
you know is it is it gonna be difficult
these are the communications and the
transport gonna be difficult I actually
found it quite the opposite I was
pleasantly surprised I traveled around
it was in Moscow and Petersburg Sochi
Kazan and everybody was very welcoming
and wonderful cities lots of people
obviously want Russia to host a very
good World Cup how important is it for
the host nation to do well to gain
momentum in that country
it's very important and I think that one
of the most important things that I
would like to do is that they start
dealing with the racism that they're
having that country do you think they're
doing that at all to your satisfaction
I'm not sure that they're doing enough
I've had some players I'm working as a
populating now I've had some players
playing over there and they've been
abused she likes to be joined by a
quarry it's a wonderful mustachio quarry
yes I just walked past here and it says
English vodka it is you do realize we're
in the Russian embassy and I'm sure he's
very famous we're so happy to be invited
to the runners and riders are they gonna
be the usual suspects Brazil Germany
Speyer yeah Germans always too well and
in World Cups and Euro so you know
collectively they seem together a head
of steam when they're in the tournaments
I think Brazil the magic of Brazil I
think is gone after that result last
time run when it got smashed by by
Germany I always like Argentina
you know Messi's can choose him
single-handedly you know the rest of the
team could be good to average he could
drag them through all the way how
complexity becomes Switzerland very in
this tournament well I think very
competitive key on issue and if you see
the last few tournaments that qualify
again I think a country like Switzerland
all country as such to qualify in a row
such a big World Cup is a big thing
first of all is a merit because the
youth apparently means which is
extremely good there were the work of
being a winner and under seven things
and these are the 17 gates are now the
guys gonna play in Russia this world fox
fur drive rod to tell us about it please
so they are to drive our gun the whole
thing with our distiller the reason
we're interesting we're special we use
organic polycultures of heritage grain
so all our grain is an ancient variety
of grain and it's grown in farms around
Oxford
so opinion
janeshia panama and belgium in the group
is it a bit of a resort that England
have got Belgium last only helps yeah I
think it really does help the fact that
they you know they're expected to get
those points on the board leading into
that game because obviously that's
office but I haven't seen these
companies games in these competitions
over the years apart remember an easy
game to England of that comes with yeah
could you make something up for us
firstly so one thing for making it's a
cocktails for the Moscow Mule of course
the appropriate should we expect them to
go and compete or is this European head
to the tournaments no I'd be looking to
compete ears tell me do Harry Kane and
Delhi Ali have already proved you know
you watch top and play Real Madrid then
they can they can match it with the best
of them I think we've got a great group
of young players but I say to every
World Cup and we all get disappointed
what do you think of Sweden's chances I
mean we showed that we could be title in
the playoffs and we were in a group with
Holland and France and still got second
so I think they are showed its
togetherness
they work hard together and difficult to
beat of course we hopefully gonna try to
get better for the World Cup as well but
so know they're gonna be difficult team
to be ginger veggie ginger he's poor it
insert wonderful bit of the vodka the
good stuff look at that he's done that
before
how important is it for Russia as a
country to be bitten by the football
book and then get out of their group for
the momentum of the crew yeah you need
you need that to happen I mean the
Russian team has got to improve an awful
lot Stan you know the last tour I
thought Russia were adrift
be perfectly honest a little organic
ginger beer excellent stuff France one
of the favorites how confident are you
let blur we'll have a good tournament if
the big stars turn up progbar the
greatest man the lorries as a bar on the
county we should do well for me when I
look up to say Belgium they're like
almost for me they look they look like
Spain just not playing amazing football
and they just need one thing and they've
got the team to kind of really kick it
harder when you look at the players
they've got everyone is playing really
tough top football so for me you know
France yes they've got always gonna be
there but I think Belgium is almost
where Spain were at one stage just
needed that a little bit luck somewhere
to click finally the winners of the 2018
FIFA World Cup will be will go friends
when they were friends I think they made
a big mistake in the euros you know
probably not paying Conte in the final
time but that the wealth of talent that
they've got I think it's gonna be frizz
or to see we are fancy friends who's
going to win the tournament
top-1 Sweden they're lighting them into
Oh smash mint may I
you may enjoy a little Moscow so here we
have a Moscow Mule from English
ingredients master of you now we take
you to one of the most competitive games
in English football it was the two
hundred and thirtieth Merseyside derby
between rivals Liverpool in the red
corner and Everton in the blue corner in
the third round of the oldest Cup
competition in the world the FA Cup when
I was a child there was three trophies
that I wanted to win one was the FIFA
World Cup which of course will be
paraded around the Luzhniki stadium next
year in July second one is the Champions
League we're at the Santiago bernabéu
recently sergio ramos
and got to hold that famous old trophy
and the third one is the oldest of them
all 146 years old
arsenal of what it the most times do you
know what it is yet
yes it's the FA Cup we're gonna be
heading up to Liverpool and field where
I used to play for Liverpool Football
Club as they take on their oldest enemy
Everton for the two hundred and
thirtieth Merseyside derby and the third
round a real traditional day in English
winter sport
John we here at the home of the people's
club absolutely Goodison Park John
you'll want to do shareholders yes you
must be nervous a bit excited just
across the park there where you're gonna
take a quarter mile Liverpool against
Everton in the FA Cup third round how
excited a segment builds up through the
day of course so so earlier today it's
just a recognition oops
today's the day then you start doing
your pre match rituals probably for me
anyways a person I start getting really
nervous one of the teams that are
announced so you sit in the pub with
your telephone
saying what's the team gonna be and
that's about an hour before kickoff and
of course we make the walk across the
park here and it's a ten minute walk and
you then you get friends around you you
get over tone Ian's around you people
start to sing and as you see that
they're stadium you start if they try
this is for real and they all here's go
come the back unit all those a rivalry
in a very close rivalry what it's about
Liverpool in Liverpool's football
culture where people generally do get on
people can be brought up in a family and
and you know I have a sister
you know bless so she's passed away but
she was our red and I'm a blue and still
happens and that still happens today we
see that possibly quite possibly a you
know I've got cousins or Reds cousins or
blues same family different allegiances
such as pollution about the earthquake
or is it still important in English
football culture absolutely it's the
most romantic thing you can win isn't it
the excitement to wait for the draw so
who are you gonna get you're gonna get a
big team a small team or even a non
league team and a day out at Wembley so
what's your team when the FA Cup cannot
be beat I've been there and it cannot be
be Liverpool as a city it's always been
active yeah activist people do stuff we
yeah when challenged out things like the
food banks is yeah sure which you're
acting fear that wouldn't necessarily
happen in any other city why is that
gonna coming together I think he must be
must be the personality of the people
we're all quite proactive enthusiastic
and we don't sit on our hands and wait
for things to happen we try make things
happen for ourselves
what's the score tonight please for now
you go look they do exist Liverpool and
Everton half and half scoffs nice and
fights Neil's gonna say it's a big city
but there's a community feel to it
that's almost a village feel to it by
having on sort of knows each without
believe I'm that and and it comes
together at the right times and the food
banks think is absolutely brilliant
because on reds it's busy active funds
from two big Premier League clubs coming
together it wasn't in Apollo 11 funds
that drug
what they drive this kind of activism in
the city because today's arrival you
like to say but did like we know where
to draw the line and we know how to keep
the community feel of this city go and
we want to help other people and I think
it's brilliant that you know woody I
stood outside the football ground right
now there's millions of pounds washing
around that game what isn't brilliance
is that you know a football kick away
there's people in poverty people who
can't afford to feed themselves but yes
you say beyond this there's a food bank
on there people every match now blues
and Red's are given money and given food
to the food bank and it's part of the
match they routine now and it's because
they want to help people in this
community right John we're just over the
road from where the Kenny Dalglish son
dear Anfield and again that community
spirit sees evidence because this lovely
place is cafe now on match day but it
also doubles up as a food bank
if you wanted a philosophy of perhaps
what the the city of Liverpool is about
perhaps it comes from the Finance Bill
Shankly Scotsman everyone working for
each other everyone having a share of
the rewards why do you do what you do
because it's what helping the community
it's great and it's good fun
well done when people hear the music at
Anfield when they hear the voices of
unfilled you are back boys wow how long
have you been at this famous all
football this is my 47.tv does the FA
Cup still give you the kind of thriller
it did oh yes
this is going to be a proper makeup my
makeup job
penalty to the pool dominated play so
far
so it's 1/2 time to little bulbs with a
feisty not friendly of man looking to
challenges going round up the food
justice will like it
is crossed
maybe go on to the fourth round in the
world's oldest competition
as you can see here
that's all we have time for today hope
you enjoyed the show but during this
next week as we go to the Big Apple for
the Hudson River Derby and chats a
French World Cup winner Patrick Vieira
join us come on
