Daniel McAdams he's executive director
at the Ron Paul Institute good sweet
tears always Daniel this defense
strategy outlined by James mattis what
do you think the ramifications could be
on the ground well you know listening to
him and reading the entire document I I
really thought I was reading Orwell's
you know we're no longer at war with
Eastasia we're at war with Eurasia we've
never been at war with Eastasia it's
that sort of thing on the ground it's
it's a predictable thing this is
essentially a rehash of the old
Wolfowitz doctrine of 1994 there is no
new thinking involved the US must remain
the sole superpower on earth we must do
anything we can move heaven and earth
spend untold amounts of money to prevent
any rivals from coming up to challenge
us ironically it is our hyper
interventionist foreign policy among the
most the most likely to make others want
to come and rise and challenge the US so
in a way we're participating in our own
downfall on this okay well big money
involved and that needs big
justification so let's just hear it it's
one of the things that James mattis had
to say and to those who would threaten
America's experiment and democracy they
must know if you challenge us it will be
your longest in your worst day so Trump
esque message their longest and worst
day what kind of message is Matt is
sending out there well we've had an
awfully long day in Afghanistan for 17
years now going on 17 years so you know
it's a lot of bluster we certainly were
not successful in Syria thank goodness
we certainly haven't done very well with
Libya so there's a lot of bluster about
how we're going to win all these wars
when in fact the United States has not
won a war it's been in since World War
two
so it's more of the same he wants more
of a budget we already spend more than
the next seven countries combined and he
still says we're emerging from a period
of strategic atrophy as okay where is
that trillion dollars going that we
spend every year on the middle
Terry if we are atrophying is it being
spent somewhere else is it is it being
wasted so no it doesn't make any sense
me he talks about the focus now moving
towards rivals such as Russia and China
and that says that it's moving away from
from the war on terror I found a little
premature at this point is this going to
give terrorists a chance to regroup
refocus no because this is simply
marketing it's it's our new enemy now is
quote revisionist powers and I thought
it was absolutely hilarious that he said
we must resist China and Russia because
they are trying to make us follow an
authoritarian model this just days after
Congress passed the extension of the
FISA Amendments which allows the US
government to spy on every single
American every email every conversation
we are imposing the authoritarian model
on ourselves we don't need Russia and
China to help us out we're doing a
pretty good job already he's also
looking to build on what we've heard
Donald Trump saying about the Iran
nuclear deal being a really bad deal and
Matt is talking about setting up
regional coalition's aimed at countering
Tehran what some people will be
concerned about is where is this heading
could it lead to conflict could it go
too far as ending up in an Iraq 2.0
already announced Tillerson announced
yesterday that whereas we're going to
stay in Syria and our troops are going
to do everything they can to reduce
Iran's influence in the region
ironically it's the u.s. presence in the
region that has embolden Iran it was the
US invasion of Iraq that allow Iranian
influence in Iraq to take over it was
the u.s. as idiotic role in trying to
overthrow the Syrian government that
opened the door for Iran to get involved
in Syria so all of our interventions in
the Middle East only embolden Iran yet
we say our intent is to weaken Iran
Daniel great to speak to appreciate your
forthright views Daniel McAdams is my
guest executive director at the Ron Paul
Institute
