four people have filed a lawsuit against
the City of Berkeley in California and
it's University for injuries they claim
they received during riots on the campus
there last year the violence erupted
over a speech said to be given at the
University by a prominent conservative
we talked to Katrina riddle Shamer who's
taking legal steps against the
University of Berkeley she believes the
campus and the city's police acted
insufficiently during the protests but
when the attack started
especially after I was pepper-sprayed I
was completely incapacitated there was
nothing I could do to defend myself so I
had no choice but to turn around and
just face the barricade I was worried
about what was happening to my husband
it turned out he was just a few feet
away from me being beaten worse than any
of us he was being unconscious the
efforts by the police both the city and
the campus police were clearly
inadequate given what happened when the
injuries that were sustained what I saw
personally was police initially standing
outside of the building that they later
locked us out of I saw them there they
acknowledged us with a wave and by the
time the attack actually started they
were nowhere to be seen they had locked
themselves inside the building and
wouldn't give us any aid at all the
University of california-berkeley has
declined to comment but the lawyer
representing the victims says they want
to send a message to campus staff and
police to do a better job the injuries
caused to our clients two of which were
beaten unconscious and still suffer from
psychological disorders post-traumatic
disorders so they are seeking money
damages to compensate them for that but
the main goal of this case is to send a
message to campus police and campus
universities that they they have to do
their job you know I liken what happened
here
the deliberate effort to not intervene
and to not do anything to fire men
watching a building on fire with their
with their hoses water pouring out of
them but they're too afraid to go into
the building because they might get hurt
it's the goal of law enforcement it's
the role of law enforcement I should say
to serve and protect the public and they
did not do that
