after 17 years of war in Afghanistan the
US has recently hinted it's open to
peace talks with the Taliban on more
than one occasion widely considered a
terrorist organization however it
doesn't seem that the militants are
willing to accept the offer especially
considering the increasing control the
group is exerting on the ground LRT was
granted rare access to a Taliban
militant commander and raised the
subject the Americans never want to
cooperate with the Taliban and the
Taliban has never asked the Americans
again to cooperate against the Islamic
state
the Americans are bombing us while we
fight against Isis well the latest
suggestion of direct talks between the
Taliban and Washington came from the
State Department on Friday this
administration has made clear that it is
prepared to engage with and participate
in negotiations with both the Taliban
and the Afghan government the leadership
of the Taliban doesn't want to negotiate
with the Americans and has never wanted
this and the leadership of Taliban never
gave permission to any member to
negotiate on their behalf US defense
secretary James Madison eat and greet
with the Afghan president in Kabul they
finally decided to play nice in a bid to
get the Taliban down to talks but just
one day before their words of peace
Washington dropped a big f-35b bomb on
the Taliban looks like the peace process
is getting off on the right foot
especially when the US has for years led
up to this moment promising both talk
and terror I want to reinforce to the
Taliban that the only path to peace and
political legitimacy for them is through
a negotiated settlement the Taliban
cannot win their choices are to
reconcile living irrelevance or die
you have the Taliban willing to come to
the negotiating table there's no talking
to the Taliban we don't want to talk to
the Taliban we're going to finish what
we have to finish so it's no surprise
the Taliban is reluctant to trust
promises of peace and why would they
seek it anyway in the past several
months the Taliban has made substantial
territorial gains their Spring Offensive
to
coalition forces completely off-guard
seizing regions all over Afghanistan
over a hundred soldiers and police
officers were killed in just one week of
the offensive and that's not even
counting last week's UN report covering
civilian casualties in battles between
the coalition and Taliban forces all
these resources differentiate between
guns and fighters and civilians this is
not the first time they have targeted
civilians several times
America's 2001 invasion of Afghanistan
hoped to ask the Taliban from power but
what materialized was a 17 year long war
the longest conflict in US history and
now fast approaching our monumental
peace talks to be held in Moscow between
the Taliban and the Afghan government we
can confirm that we will attend the
Moscow conference we are waiting for the
date and agenda then we will decide what
can be achieved from the conference if
successful these talks could mark a step
forward in a conflict that currently has
no end in sight
Donald quarter RT
you
