Donald Trump says there's a possibility
the North Korean crisis won't be
resolved peacefully
the United States president claims that
that's because having dialogue with
Pyongyang is next to impossible let's
get more on this story now from RT
correspondent caleb more been joining me
from the united states Kelley but looks
like Donald Trump then back to his usual
rhetoric when it comes to talking about
Pyongyang yes if you look at the Reuters
interview Donald Trump repeats a lot of
his typical rhetoric against North Korea
speaking against them blaming them for a
lot of the trouble in the region and
then from then he goes on to talk about
how pressure and sanctions seem to be
the right idea saying that dialogue
might be impossible this is from Trump's
interview I'm not sure that talks will
lead to anything meaningful they've
talked for 25 years and they've taken
advantage of our presidents of our
previous presidents now if you listen to
Trump's words you would think that the
talks currently taking place between the
North and the South are irrelevant
they're having no impact but actually
there have been some historic
breakthroughs in the recent dialogue
between the two Koreas it was announced
that for the first time there will be a
joint team representing all of the
Korean Peninsula at the upcoming Winter
Olympic Games there'll be a women's ice
hockey team competing under a joint a
unification flag representing all of the
Korean Peninsula
furthermore the north will be sending
230 people to the south as kind of a
cheering section to oversee and
participate in the game so these are
certainly big breakthroughs I'm let's
take a look at what has gone on on the
Korean Peninsula as we've seen the two
Koreas engaging in dialogue with each
other in recent weeks
north and south
or March together in the opening
ceremony under the Korean Peninsula flag
form a single north-south female ice
hockey team now furthermore it's
important to note that in Trump's
rhetoric he didn't just lash out at
North Korea he said that while he
praised China for some of their efforts
he said that they hadn't gone far enough
in helping
economically isolate North Korea and
from there he actually criticized Russia
and said that they were not helping at
all now Russia has many times stated
that they are a signatory to the
international sanctions against North
Korea and that they have never actually
breached them now with his criticism not
just in North Korea but also of Russia
and China Trump continued to emphasize
that he believed it was his strong-armed
approach and threats and sanctions and
further isolation and punishment of the
country that was the best way to create
peace on the Korean Peninsula from New
York that's our correspondent caleb
Maupin thank you
