hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
are the mainstream media intentionally
gaslighting the public against President
Donald Trump the reverse appears to be
equally true Trump does with style gas
like the media what kind of body politic
is this creating has the u.s. become a
collection of hysterical drama queens
Krauss gaslighting I'm joined by
my guest
Reverend Jesse Lee Peterson in Los
Angeles he is a counselor activist media
commentator as well as author of the
antidote
healing America from the poison of hate
blame and victimhood also in Los Angeles
we have Ron Falcone
he is a comedian and frequent guests on
the Jimmy Dore show and The Young Turks
as well as host of his own streaming
program get your news on with Ron and in
New York we cross to rob Taub he's a
political pundit and journalist
contributing to the Huffington Post
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means he can jump in anytime
you want I always appreciate Ron let me
go to you I mean who's gaslighting whom
here and is it a country that's her it's
just turned into a bunch of drama queens
because from a distance from my vantage
point my perch it's a lot of drama
queens out there not saying anything
worth much listening to go ahead run
yeah you know I'm with you here's the
thing the media was in bad shape the
corporate media in the United States was
in very bad shape
long before Trump came along and and
they're still in very bad shape now the
way the media really gaslights the
public is they try to make it out like
everything was just hunky-dory and and
we had this this perfectly functioning
democracy where everybody was happy and
then all of a sudden Trump come came
along and disrupted everything well in
fact that's not true you know I mean if
if Trump is Frankenstein the media is
very much Victor and you know this
constant amplification and in Trump
pretty much all of his policies are just
general Republican policies and I
dislike these policies I strongly
dislike Trump but you know I'm not gonna
sit here and entertain this idea that
he's some big outlier when in fact he's
kind of the result of the system we have
excellent point there Rob weigh in on
that because I think that's absolutely
true here what we're doing is we're
always getting these exaggerated
reactions to everything that is said I
mean like the the whole episode Wow
I took you know what two news cycles
here I mean I don't really care about
that language and if a
tree isn't it why is it and did the US
have a play in it okay those that's an
interesting policy to talk about not
about some callous vocabulary go ahead
Rob well I've been around for a while
and my father worked at the Johnson
White House and had his first meeting
with the president when the president
was sitting on the toilet so pretty
jaded and you and I were talking prior
to the show Peter and I brought up a
line which I'll paraphrase from
broadcast news when Albert Brooks says
you know what that were in trouble in
the news when we become more important
than the story my I feel they're beating
the whole story to death enough already
he said it he's gonna say other oh fish
boorish stupid things but well I'm glad
I'm doing this show with you today
because I wanted to talk about I've been
dying to talk about for a week now that
it's not like Trump has so much created
this environment you're right about the
Victor Frankenstein the we've helped
create him but it's just I think the
future unfortunately of politics is
going to be based on social media and
those kind of platforms I don't even
know if we're gonna go back to the
bipartisanship yeah we once had it's
become emotional it's become ideological
and it's become instantaneous with
people putting their thumbs on their
phones everywhere be de members of the
press or or a part of the kitchen
cabinet or the President of the United
States you know Jesse in Los Angeles I
mean I this is a very good point I'm
gonna take both points from what we
heard from Iran and Rob here I mean if
it's really all about Trump then it's
all about Jake Judd trapper it's also
about Rachel Maddow it's about Chris
Cuomo that this is of equal measure here
personally I find all of it quite toxic
because there are a lot of problems to
solve in the US and around the world I
could care less
with Jake trapper thinks about anything
to be honest with you okay go ahead
Jesse go ahead you know President Trump
I called him the great white hope he
will go down in history as the best
president at least one of them
sure but the best president that this
country has ever experienced the
president by telling the truth being
straightforward and put it in country
first is exposing the children of the
line and the tuning of the line are the
Liberals or the liberal media the
Democrats the RINO Republicans and
Endeavor trappers they're B&S both they
never had a plan or any intent to make
America great again
and we didn't know well i we knew it was
bad most of us knew it was bad but we
didn't know how bad it was until this
president came along and expose what was
really going on and now these people
they're like roaches they're running
from the lights because they've been
hiding in the darkness for so long and
the president is shining a light on them
and they are running nuts when the
president if he said to say about Haney
and and El Salvador and Africa it's a
true if you look at those country there
are holes and instead of complaining
about it why not fix the problem why not
pretend why are you pretending that the
problem doesn't is this and that's what
the Liberals and the Democrats have been
doing they don't want to solve the
problem they want the people brain-wise
dumbed down and demoralize look at black
Americans for example not all not all at
all but most black Americans are
brainwashed dumbed down and demoralized
and they've been kept that way settling
to be Justin for the last 40 to 50 years
or so they have told black Americans
that you can't make it in America the
greatest country on this out of heaven
by the way they have told them you can't
make it because of racism now we find
out that racism never existed it's a lot
has been made what were the children
what we order to control what I was born
on a plantation what we find
I was born in Alabama on a plantation
what we found out recently is there's
only one racist in the world and he
lives in the white house
again this is nonsense I mean you know
we can go partisan here and that's fine
I mean it tells me the Democrats don't
have anything to say liberals don't have
anything
to say I mean he was first he was a
Russian agent now he's a racist okay the
what are they gonna try next I don't
know Ron one of the fascinating things
about gaslighting is that as much as the
media hate hates Trump and Trump hates
the media it's a symbiotic relationship
they need each other there it's like
they're both balls of fire and the other
is oxygen and this is what we drives me
nuts because it's not pushing forward an
agenda for people that are genuinely
need help in the u.s. is in dire straits
now and we're not getting policy fixes
you know Trump is on this it's a great
presidency the the greatest year of any
that's all nonsense not much has
happened okay and this is dreadful go
ahead run yeah I mean I I totally agree
with you and you know I certainly do not
think that that Trump is a great
president at all but one thing that's
happening is I think people are waking
up to you know just a system where you
know you have one side you have the
Democrats that pretty much give you
nothing to vote for and then you have
the Republicans that give people
something to vote against and I think
people are waking up to this and the
media which has an incentive to uphold
the status quo because they're
benefiting from it it's not you know
they make it out you know
keep going Ron no no not if you have a
tax bill that pretty much helps the
wanna throw Sam you know yeah generally
now be that 1% please don't talk over
each other people going back to work
okay yes I think I'm going back to work
but like Americans are going back to
work they'll get they're getting bonuses
the jobs are now opening it up again
you're seeing small businesses starting
up again so Ron is not being honored
the president has cut back on
restrictions of regulation we are safer
now under this president in his precious
sense the the father Messiah the worst
president that this country has ever
experienced Barack Obama
I mean he is going down and Jesse Jesse
let me jump in here Jesse great ok hang
on let me jump in here Robin let me go
to Rob before we go to the break here I
think one of the interesting things that
I find very curious here is that it's
hard to tell what is truly happening
because if you just go into these echo
chambers it's all bad or it's all good
and I don't believe either one of them
go ahead Rob well I'm a political
centrist
and I'm a left-leaning political
centrist and as you have said to me
you're a right-leaning political
centrist Peter and we need more of that
that's what this country is based on
unbiased partisanship and deal making I
think a big problem we're having here
with was looking at anything that the
Trump administration has accomplished or
not accomplished is he can't keep his
mouth shut
and his fingers off those tweets because
somebody said and this was a commentator
who doesn't care for him let me finish
please Jesse if Trump have just remained
silent and did not tweet and did not
make the stupid comments that he made
he'd probably have a much higher rating
right now in popularity with the country
with with a lot of people but he can't
seem to control yourself he's an
emotional equivalent of a child okay
Jesse twenty seconds would you not be an
honest about would you not be an artist
about if the president wasn't tweeted if
he wasn't speaking up we wouldn't know
the truth of what he's doing because the
liberal media hate media hate him so
much they are not talking about his
successes because they don't want you to
know the impact that he's having on this
country okay gentlemen Hasan I'm gonna
jump in yeah they need him so much
billions I'm gonna go to a short break
and after that short break we'll
continue our discussion on gaslighting
stay with our tea
welcome back to cross stock where all
things are considered on Peter LaBelle
to remind you were discussing
gaslighting
okay let me go back to Ron in Los
Angeles
you know Ron I don't really learn much
from the news okay at all okay and and
that goes for CNN MSNBC Fox okay
I love the Jimmy door shuts - I love the
Jimmy door show I learned a lot from you
guys but you know what I do learn from
the mainstream media is I learned these
words like trigger and micro aggression
and I always find it so curious okay
because Trump is accused of being a
trigger for this and a trigger for that
but it seems to be the mainstream media
it's just one huge trigger that goes off
once in a while and we go through an
entire cycle of people crying and
beating their fists and beating their
chests and you know how can this happen
to our country who is I mean it I just
thought you know what are they all
auditioning for something because I just
find it you know where's the news and
then I try to change a channel it's the
same thing on the next channel just a
different face I mean I mean is this
what corporate culture has gotten down
to I mean is it getting to the point
what's the oldest man that can cry the
loudest now on on public airwaves okay
this is what it's gone down to me I mean
it you should turn to the cartoon
channel at least he'll feel better go
ahead Ron yeah I mean well the corporate
media in the United States you know it's
very much owned by corporate interest
you know I mean MSNBC for instance is
owned by Comcast so I mean right away
you just have conflict of interest 101
and the fact that they are just so
profit driven you know they tend to
focus on hyperbole and sensationalism
instead of really objectively packing
unpacking what's going on in the country
and if they were to do that they would
find out that the status quo is really
broken and we need to make some sharp
turns in regards to policy so they don't
really want to do that instead it's more
fun to focus on you know instances of
sensationalism you know I mean you
brought up the s whole example for
instance you know that was talked about
for you know a couple news cycles and on
go
meanwhile you know all the people that
are supposed to be quote-unquote
resisting Trump voted for a FISA bill
that pretty much extends the ability of
any president to to to pursue
surveillance they also didn't push back
on the whole idea for the wall nobody
talked about the fact that daca didn't
move forward because of this wall idea
which i think is an awful idea most
Americans don't want I think it's a
racist idea we don't even know how much
it's gonna cost Trump's gonna try to
privatize everything so basically he
would use this to make his friends
richer nobody's talking about these
actual policy issues agreed that we need
to be discussing you know instead it's
just focusing on something else Trump
said you know you know hey stay with
Ronnie you know you know Ron what's
really interesting is that I'm kind of
ambiguous about the wall you're against
it but that would be an interesting
conversation to have wouldn't it okay
instead let me go to Robin we haven't
had it right but instead I'll show you
how the mainstream media does it okay
Rob if you're for the wall you're a
racist end of conversation
I mean Rob with what this is this is
what I find again really troublesome is
that if people if you disagree with me
then somehow you're immoral or lack
morals I mean again that's the discourse
yeah go ahead Rob go ahead a dear
there's no middle ground there's no
nuance there's no discussion it's you're
right it's become an either/or
circumstance and I just want to
backtrack a little bit to what Ron said
before the break because I think it's
really important in Peter you and I have
discussed this which is you had certain
programs that really championed Trump
like MSNBC Morning Joe Joe and Mika had
him on every day and gave him so much
airtime it was remarkable and now they
suddenly seemed stunned that he's the
president the United States and they're
profiting now on both ends because all
they do is beat the Trump stories to
death but I do think that it's our
obligation in the media to to report
things and we owe it to the to the
viewers and the public and our
nurse to talk about more important
issues like if Trump has passed really
bad legislation then let's talk about it
I never see it it discussed or shown on
any of these shows or programs anywhere
really about the the new legislation
that's gone through regarding Wall
Street regarding regulations what's
happening we're just talking about
people's opinion as my grandmother used
to say yacht at the yacht a yacht attack
you've said that before I really like
that you know Jesse one of the things
that I find very interesting and it's
this kind of boomerang effect here you
know during the campaign anyone
according to the Clinton people if you
support a Donald Trump you were
deplorable well you know I come from the
Midwest I don't like being called a
deplorable particularly from someone
that I think has no moral standing
whatsoever in the public eye and that's
Hillary Clinton in her clan okay and now
it's the same thing the same thing is
happening it's the more these morning
joking and meager as I call them they go
after the president the more boring the
Heartland people gonna say AHA see these
people on the coast I know you Ron I
know you guys are on La you guys get a
free pass from me okay just on this one
program okay cuz I hate that word I
lived in California I hate California
really do okay but I mean if it's sunny
here it's not now where I am okay so
don't don't rub it in but we can stay
here Jesse no but III think that again
you know a lot of people in the Midwest
where his supporters are either the more
and because we say we should talk about
the issues you know and are these
programs creating jobs in the right kind
of jobs you know that's the kind of
conversation we should all be having but
you know if the MSNBC says you know he's
stealing the livelihood of the people in
the Midwest they're gonna and they beat
him for it they're he's only gonna
sustain his popularity because he's
hated by the mainstream media not based
on his real record real or imagined go
ahead Jesse I do want to just first
respond to Ron about the wall the reason
that one of the reason that President
Trump is president is because he is the
support of putting up a be beautiful
wall and that's not racist to put up
wall a law to protect the Emergencies
not gonna be anything bigger beautiful
about HSE what what what I would live
for Ron to do if he think is okay not to
put a wall up to go and live in the
inner cities in the urban areas and see
what black Americans are going through
as a result of the wall not being there
there you have illegal aliens coming
across the borders they are landing in
the urban areas and black communities
there are herded blacks in the area of
vegetation health care they're bringing
an ms-13 gang violence they're bringing
drugs and then they hate black people
black people having to move out of their
areas to the south either to George Hill
or Alabama because the writer called
liberal godless Democrats and the
liberal media godless media would not
expose the negative impact that open
borders are having on black people and I
realized now is that including godless
John Lewis and the Wicked Witch from the
West Maxine water but the livers don't
care about black people they only want
their vote and that's why they want the
wall down they don't want a wall there
because these illegals are coming in and
they are giving the ill leakers free
stuff in the same manner that they've
done to blacks for the last 50 years or
so and they'll smile this is a you're
making some of this I'm across
generalization people okay Ron and so
let me get it wrong here people voted
for the president because he wanted he
will put a big beautiful wall up
okay you see CNN and all of people
they'll cry and always so hurt for the
black people know we're lucky if you
love me
Jesse I need equal time I need equal
time for everyone here Ron okay all
right let's take the wall as an example
here depending on what cable station I
go to it's a good idea it's a bad idea
but I never really hear experts explain
why it's bad why it's good all I hear is
moral preening all the time oh it's
immoral you know yeah you're racist
but tell me how is the wall good at work
how much is it gonna cost well that's
just how does it change reality exactly
how is it part of the larger immigration
cuz I'm for immigration reform see this
is the stuff I want to know but I never
learned any of it go ahead run yeah and
and all right let's put the moral
argument aside cuz you know when we
definitely do not have consensus there I
think it's a morally disgusting idea
okay but that's a moral judgment call so
let's look at it economically we don't
know exactly how much it's gonna cost
we don't even know there's a lot of
numbers that have been thrown out there
about furthermore Donald Trump wants to
privatize the entire thing so this would
just be given to contractors and then
let's be honest this this is a big this
is a big billionaires club that none of
us are in Jesse you're not in it I'm not
in it Peter you're not in it Rob you're
not in it we are not in it so this would
just be Donald Trump padding the pockets
of his friends we would get out of this
and it wouldn't be alright well then
well then I guess you're in the club and
maybe you're for the wall because you
have a financial incentive to be so okay
yes go right ahead because this is what
I'm trying to get at gentlemen is to
have a discussion a discussion about
policy okay go ahead bro what what's Ron
brings up a really good point let's
forget about the moral issue here
because I'm against the wall but I've
done my research and I did it years ago
when I did my due diligence all you have
to do is google inspector general border
wall and you will see the billions and
billions and billions of money that
we've not only spent but wasted we have
tried to build walls we've tried to put
up motion detectors we've tried to use
satellites every single thing the
government has tried to implement under
Democrat and Republican presidencies
have failed because it's been proven
untenable and unbuildable but we have a
presidential candidate if nothing and
cared nothing about this and he was
going to build it it's it's it's not
ridiculous it's right there Google the
Inspector General's report we you could
see the money that's been spent on it
and that's what should be discussed how
are we gonna build it because what is a
real construction why don't you get with
Israel why don't you chat with Israel if
you believe a wall don't work won't work
chat with Israel and also if you will
house
why don't you tear out the wall around
your home alright gentlemen I think it's
always better to take down walls I think
we built one on this program many thanks
to my kids in Los Angeles and in New
York and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here at RT see you next time
and remember crosstalk rules
