Stephen Gordon now mr. Gordon what was
discovered about Twitter is kind of
already known to a lot of people and
it's something many social media
platforms likely do what was so big
about this revelation well for starters
they admitted that they probably sent
Donald Trump's private messages
president Trump's private messages to
the US Department of Justice if that's
true that's a big one and Twitter and
their statements did not deny that they
did that they just add that they act in
compliance with the law but they did not
respond to whether they had received a
request from the Department of Justice
to send that information over
additionally Twitter isn't responding to
most of this stuff they're putting out
statement denial statements but they're
there they're not really denials they're
just kind of fake denials they're saying
we don't shadow banned people what we
really do is we the exact court is down
rank we down rank people what's the
difference between it down rank in a
shadow bin or people being down ranked
for their political views if people are
being down ranked for their political
views how many of them have been down
right we want to know more about if
people have been writing about it for a
long time nobody said proofs at least we
have people at video admitting to doing
it now those people those Twitter
employees who were being recorded they
weren't actually aware of that is it
even legal to film under those
circumstances yes every state in America
has a different law on it in California
actually had some pretty tough laws
regarding privacy laws but there's an
exception when there's no expectation of
privacy and if you'll notice and every
one of those video clips they weren't
very loud noisy bars or plenty of people
around there was no expectation of
privacy in any of those circumstances
okay Project Veritas itself has been
accused of having a political bias why
do you think that is hmm we expose
things a lot of people don't want expose
the people that are entrenched and power
the establishment we're more of an
anti-establishment UT mainstream
journalism type company so maybe we do
have a bias we have a bias towards the
truth that's why we call ourselves
project Veritas that's why our founders
new book is called American Pravda
or we are biased for the truth and
Twitter claims the employees were
speaking in a personal capacity not on
behalf of Twitter does that mean that
they can be held responsible for
anything they say well the first
statement they put out said the
individual was speaking his personal
opinion now they had to update that when
we put more people out in the site V
people that we're speaking are they
gonna keep going I mean every piece of
information we have shows that pretty
much everybody at Twitter is of the same
political bias the same political
background and it seems like this
attitude permeates their entire company
okay and one of the employees actually
claimed that Facebook in Google actually
do worse than that what do you think
that implies what might they be capable
of doing I think they're mostly talking
about privacy issues privacy disclosures
privacy issues and we haven't released
any video on Google yet or any of the
other Facebook yet so we'll wait and see
what comes out with whatever video we
may put out in the future regarding
those companies so does that mean that
you have been looking into those sort of
claims as well
we're not stating exactly who we've
looked at and who we haven't looked at
but we have made it very clear that
we're going after the mainstream media
and we're going after social media and
they would obviously be potential
targets that our investigators would
possibly be looking at okay we'll be
following that I for one will be very
interested to see what else comes out
Steven Gordon Project Veritas
communications director thank you so
much for your time tonight thank you
