hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report even in Toyland they're begging
for more money
you know rates are going up and even
toys you know that's why they're gonna
we're gonna bring in a toy helicopter to
try to do some helicopter money in right
Stacy that's what you need you need you
need to bring in all kinds of liquidity
to the system otherwise things get bad
you know what I'm saying and so
fortunately the fabulous people in
Toyland what's the first timeline while
I work on this well I wasn't
I had another headline that didn't
relate to helicopters but that looks
like a demented helicopter for a
demented financial system around the
world and I'll start with a headline
that might say that we might require a
helicopters coming soon because of
course you know Janet Yellen the former
ched Fed chair I was gives a ched fed
chairwoman she recently said that you
know then for the next financial crisis
and I'm everybody's warning about the
next financial crisis coming soon and
that the Fed should start buying
equities I should get going to the
markets and buy equities I wanted to cut
to the last headline cuz give you a
reason to use that prop and this is from
Jesse Felder you said there have never
been so many bonds that are almost junk
bbbb my baby here's the chart that's a
near junk this is the financial crisis
these are the outside and corporate debt
so you see there's like almost three
times as much out cent in corporate debt
corporate bonds issued that's almost
nine trillion dollars out setting right
now and most of it is this triple B
stuff right here it's all junk it's all
junk it's all gonna be bailed out again
we're gonna need the helicopter exactly
come on it was working a second ago gosh
darn it temperamental little toys turn
you back on again well oh there we go no
it's fun is that
okay hey sit down sit down sit down
because we have a lot to talk about here
and this is stuff that does not get
covered over on MSNBC or fox or any of
the other news programs like CNN here
and this is quite remarkable to me
because if you tuned into the news here
in the United States right now it's all
like these crazy partisan politics like
seemingly
or gossip and considering that we're an
empire and like lots of crazy stuff is
happening and this was a headline that I
want to keep track of you and I have
been following of course for years that
the warning about this and now it's
starting to happen and that is breaking
European Union set to set up legal
entity to preserve oil and other
business with Iran and bid to evade US
sanctions a remarkable story right here
is the EU that has looked at the United
States wielding its weapon of having the
US dollar and control over the global
financial system because all trade
mostly settles at some point even for a
fraction of a second in the US dollar
and so the US dollar you know the
sovereign of the US dollar gets to
impose huge fines and sanctions and
threaten all sorts of nations around the
world and at first you know they came
for the Cubans and the European said
nothing because they were not Cuban and
then they came for Venezuela and then
they came for Iran and then they came
for Russia and then they started to
impose sanctions on friendlier and
friendlier countries and Europe said
enough the u.s. is trying to control the
European banking system remember they
imposed facta so every single European
bank had a report on every single
customer every single transaction
especially going through the US Dollars
and the US has imposed their u.s. dollar
base hegemony all over the world now
European nation the EU nations are
saying no we're not going to be a part
of this Empire anymore because we need
the bucks we need the money we're not we
don't believe in your propaganda we
don't think that your sanctions on Iran
have merit for any reason so we're just
going to bypass them because we can
because the world is transforming itself
with different payment channels and
Swift that used by banks has been being
replaced by new systems and Europe is
breaking apart and you know Britain is
leaving the EU and the EU is exerting
you know what's fascinating about this
whole thing is that of course it puts
huge pressure on Germany as I've been
saying now for a few years that Germany
is not really going to be an ally of the
u.s. much longer because they won't side
with the EU China and Russia and that's
the new block of power against the US
and whoever else they can cobble
together but Germany is the massive
story of 2019
well yeah the huge economies of the
world there the US Germany and China and
those are the three super powers of
Commerce and super power of man you that
Germany and China make everything the
u.s. consumes everything that gives them
an outsize power on the world stage
Germany because of its history has
mostly stayed quiet and they just keep
on building and put their heads down and
try to forget their past and hope
everybody else does so they however are
now in a bind because they run the EU
and it's quite clear it's Greece and
they own the failure of Greece has
basically exposed that lie that somehow
it was a union of 27 members and they
were all equal and stuff no it's Germany
that runs everything like everybody had
suggested it used to be considered a
conspiracy theory but now it's obvious
they are that they are the main power
they run the central bank they run they
have the power so you know there are a
number of things that they are starting
to see that there so therefore because
Germans are ultimately on the hook for
any collapse of the Italian banking
system or the French banking system or
the Spanish banking system they want to
make sure that these fines remember the
find impose I'm beg para ba and France
of ten billion dollars like two days
after France said that they would not
abide by sanctions on Russia and then
that the fine was opposed for 10 billion
on bank Perabo for dealing with Iran and
so they chartered all that sort of stops
they they saw that as well you know we
don't want to suffer and then the
Nordstrom to the you know the the US
wants Germany to force them to take us
liquefied national natural gas which
would cost like two or three times more
for them to consume than the Russian gas
forget the US consumer by the way which
you know certainly Rachel Maddow would
never ever tell her viewers that you
know she encourages them like we're
gonna frack we have all this natural gas
we're gonna ship it overseas we're gonna
be great but she doesn't tell that US
consumer that if you're natural gas
producers are able to sell it for like
eight dollars whereas like two dollars
here that means your price that you're
paying here has to go up to eight
dollars to you know compete with the
Europeans who will buy it as prices of
the national energy
been protected for years yes
artificially low yes we go to the world
market then it'll probably triple you
mentioned Iran and this is the story
about Iran and and you know the Iranians
have been at the US UN General Assembly
I was gonna say the US General Assembly
which it really is at the end of the day
but Iranian officials to trump want
lower oil prices keep quiet and stop
tweeting so that was the Iranian OPEC
representative Hussein Kasim poor so he
said that in Algeria and he says you
know that he's the one that that Trump
is the one that keeps on tweeting stuff
to push OPEC into volatile situation and
that he should maybe stop tweeting I saw
that Trump is also tweeting at rouhani
basically that they have to change and
then you know but he seems like a nice
got a lovely guy he calls him a lovely
guy I think we would get along so it's
kind of at that stage where we were on
the brink of war with North Korea and
Trump got into a tweet war with Kim
jong-un and Kim jong-un called them
dotard so we could be at that sort of
stage of our geopolitical story right
now with Iran yeah well the mother of
necessity you know invention could force
a rapprochement between the u.s. and
Iran just for economic reasons because
the US can't afford that Empire anymore
they've got to reach out and make
friends where they had traditionally
been shunned well I think that's a
little bit of a you know incorrect in
terms of the fact that people you know
empires never can afford to maintain the
edge of empire because it's very
expensive it's far away but all empires
before ours had gold-backed currency
they actually had to genuinely pay value
to maintain that empire we've got away
with not having to pay any real money we
have just the dollar and anybody takes
it right but the problem was what has
happened is that that has relied on
everybody else
believing in that US dollar having value
so we forgot after 40 years of having no
US dollar backed by gold
we now have hubris and that happens to
every Empire that's part of the reason
why they followed that apart that we
think like it's always been like this
and there that Germany has no choice
China has no choice
Iran has no choice Venezuela has no
choice you know certainly obviously Cuba
Venezuela
no choice right because they were small
and not powerful but here you know the
the rest of the world once we once we
got away with you know threatening China
threatening Venezuela and Cuba and
smaller nations like that then we only
had the big guys left and they were like
oh yeah looking at the US like that like
you're doing right now in that very
dramatic way and they're like I don't
think I'll take this anymore then your
empire gets too expensive right but I
still believe that as far as seeing
Trump in this case you know to reach out
and form alliances that he would maybe
not consider because he's on the
backfoot because the US dollar is being
shunned yes and as an empire we're going
to look kind of like that air lifting
out of Saigon that's you know that's
right when we were still like at the
very end of our backed by Gold's US
dollar that's the equivalent what we're
seeing and Trump is kind of the guy in
the helicopter helicopter down there
just throw it over here
so so that's the point we're at in this
sort of this this face is we're in where
we're air lifting we're air lifting our
goods out of there trying to do TV with
children or dogs or towing helicopters
you know this works great in rehearsal
come on while you're getting that to
work I do have some other stories here
because you know consumer confidence has
been booming to work
well this is you know certain things you
have to do and keep it audience like
going house you can't just do that
myself let it go let it go let it go
that's a more her go there goes
manipulated by judge right okay so
Marcus are hovering and will they crash
like your helicopter just did so the dow
jones may be at an all-time high but the
smart money flow index has been flashing
a bear signal since the last correction
in february the smart money's never
really returned since february and this
is the from bloomberg it's their smart
money flow index and the markets are the
blue line as you know we continue to hit
all-time new highs the white line down
at the bottom that's a smart money and
it's never actually returned to the
markets since february so this is all
the millennials this is the people on
the robin hood up these are the young
people and the retail investors pouring
into the markets i continue to pour them
to markets at these sort of inflated
numbers but the smart money index which
is how they count by the way just so you
know what they consider smart money on
bloomberg is that it's the you know dumb
money buys in the morning smart money
buys in the afternoon at the close of
the market so they wait until you know
and they sell overnight they sell to the
dumb money in the morning and then they
they buy in the afternoon and sell it to
them in the morning well you know warren
buffett said the stock markets are
designed to move money from the
impatient to the patient that's very
good but you know because the they the
dumb money is in the markets and they're
driving the markets higher one more
chart from Bloomberg Bloomberg consumer
comfort hit 60 for the first time since
January 2001 since 1985 it's only been
this high from February 1998 until
January 2001 of course we all know what
happened back then which was the great
dot-com crash was in progress when it
crashed back then but consumer
confidence at an all-time high
so that's right man they can't have a
consumer economy with that consumer
confidence well we got to take a break
and when we come back a lot more coming
your way don't go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
max guys our time now to go to
Washington State and speak with David
Morgan of the Morgan report hello David
welcome back max it's great to be back
thank you all right we're usually and
we'll talk about precious metals but
first let's talk about the bond market
he got rising interest rates and you've
got the yield curve not inverting people
ascribe significance to this what's your
feeling about the bond market David
Morgan it seems like with that tenure
above 3.3 percent now it's something's
happening I think David what do you
think I agree max with above 3% it's a
breakout you're going to see probably
increases in interest rates I'm probably
not alone in that but if you think so I
think we're gonna probably get 25 basis
points out of this FOMC meeting that's
taking place as we speak and we probably
won't get it boosted up a little further
and maybe then retracting and then maybe
even higher obviously they can't go very
high because they'll crash the economy
but the bond the debt bomb is something
I wrote about in the silver manifesto
years ago and this debt problem isn't
going away the inverted yield curve will
take place or it's is heading that way
one day doesn't make a market but we are
in a situation where the US dollar is
still the king currency and this goes
along with my thoughts about how this
whole system will unravel and it's
contrary to a lot of belief systems all
right well talk about this Nvidia
inverted yield curve for a second so
tell people what that means and why is
it why is it significant well if your
long-term interest rate is at three and
a half percent and your short-term
interest rate is at three point six
percent then people will seek the yield
and they will sell the long end of the
curve and it will jump into the short
end in the curve and that's called an
inverted yield curve so that really
distorts the market whenever we've had
that type of situation there has been a
recession following it so we're heading
that direction right now and the reason
it happens is because the short term
money is hot money needs
to be borrowed into the marketplace and
this is something that again this
happened in the past so it is heading
that way even if it doesn't invert
totally I think a recession is
absolutely gonna take place sometime
during 2019 so what it means is the
recessions ahead of us right now so far
in the post Paul Volcker era of the
Federal Reserve Bank starting with Alan
Greenspan recessions have been outlawed
the central bank's have printed all the
money they need to keep banks afloat
even though it destroys the economy
destroy social cohesion do you think
we'll see quantitative easing for or a
QE for if the bond market sells off a
little bit more if the stock market
sells off even 2 or 3% well the Fed just
step in and start printing money as they
have now for 25 years I do think you'll
see a QE 4 but not at those parameters
that you outlined I think you'll see a
QE 4 when you have let's say a 10 or
maybe even 20 percent correction in the
stock market and perhaps a very big
inverted yield curve or and that's both
prosperous I don't think they'll step in
at you know 2 percent or 3 percent
correction in the stock market although
they could I doubt that's where they
would make that move I think they would
wait until things get there you usually
actually follow what's happened in the
market place they really don't lead
although they give the atmosphere or the
projection that they do they really are
followers not leaders from those times
yeah Janet Yellen s reiterated the fact
that they don't manage they don't lead
they react to the catastrophes they
create by creating more catastrophes now
what about corporate bonds there's
nearly twice as much corporate debt
today's there was in the 2007 2008
period much of its only just barely
above junk so this seemed is it
problematic David what do you think
absolutely it's reminiscent of the 30s I
mean when the Great Depression took
place there were very few corporates
that held any weight but there were a
few and the corporations see the
opportunity to borrow money cheap I mean
money is a commodity like potatoes and
if you can get it cheap you're gonna get
it cheap and a lot of these corporations
have it some have taken the money and
done what they bought their own stock
back to get their stock prices higher
because their bonuses are
catered on how well they do in the stock
market I mean it's such a Ponzi scheme
Fiasco circus these days as far as
financial markets I mean almost
everything's run on algorithms these
quants are making up these math formulas
and computers are trading against each
other and there's really no correlation
between the physical economy and stock
prices anymore sure there's a few
exceptions here and there but generally
speaking there's a disconnect between
the number that you see on the
mainstream financial channels and what's
really going on so I think a lot of
those corporates if we go into the next
recession and it turns out to be a big
one are gonna go to the buy and buy the
art junk and the yields will show such
because some of these corporations will
be unable to service the debt on those
bonds all speaking of junk economics and
phantom stock prices and algorithmic
nonsense there's an interesting
statistic that much of the corporate
debt was spent on share buybacks which
have for the first time ever passed the
amount spent by corporations on capital
expense so instead of spending money on
building out their businesses they're
spending now more money on just buying
back their own stock which for
historians in the market see if you
recall used to be illegal for very
obvious reasons now what does this tell
us about who corporate America thinks
what they think about the future of the
US economy David well max I don't like
to always refer back to the four
horsemen film that we're both in that
and really it's the end of the AG Empire
I mean basically at the end of the game
where things are collapsing and it's not
an overnight event the the elite the top
tiers of the financial system do every
trick in the book to keep their greed
satisfied and they they don't they have
avarice beyond belief so they continue
to play these financial games that a lot
of the let's say less sophisticated
investors are aware of and the general
public at large has no idea what's going
on and they're just stuffing on
mattresses it's not helping the economy
in any way shape or form but this is
typical throughout monetary history you
see this kind of behavior right now
let's move on David Morgan to gold and
silver so what's going on with the
precious metals is it a good thing that
they've been so boring for so long is
this the calm before the storm
or is this a permanently broken
shattered doll never coming back market
David Morgan I do not think it's a
market to give up on it's certainly been
a longer correction and I thought it
would be and many others but what we
have now is this shift that's going to
take place and I think it'll take place
probably next year meaning that you'll
see stocks start to weaken and you'll
see precious metals start to strengthen
but before that all happens if you go
back to a lot of the work that I did
based on John exter and the inverted
pyramid the extra pyramid it's referred
to if you want to look it up and this is
where the dollar gets stronger and
stronger and stronger and this is you
know puts pressure on the gold price but
there'll be a run to let people trust
and most people are no concept of
monetary history or what gold means in
financial or monetary system all they
know is that a dollar can be trusted
this is why you know when you're in
these conditions of the emerging markets
with the lira Brazil Argentina Venezuela
they're all using US dollars actual
physical bills as they safe-haven so the
run of the dollar is something I expect
to happen which means weaker gold prices
and the final run will be out of the
dollar and into gold and that's the last
phase that will take place so when is
that going to happen it's really hard to
pinpoint but I think that's the process
that we're going to see so a lot of
people think you know dollar collapse
yes I think the dollar will but I think
before it does that there'll be a lot
more strength in the dollar and this is
this going back to the yogurt and the
debt interview part that we talked about
you'll see interest rates going higher
which means more money around the world
is going to seek yield and they're gonna
go on the US markets because there's
yield even though everyone knows that
that debt cannot be paid back they're
going for the short term not for the
long term it's somebody else's problem
when the system fails with the bond
market crashes here's a market that has
trillions of dollars of negative
yielding corporate I'm sorry government
bonds where governments are actually
selling bonds guaranteed to lose you
money and yet there's a huge market for
it and of course gold priced in any
other currency but the US dollar is at
or near all-time highs or may
new highs in the case of Argentina
Venezuela all kinds of these economies
that are in freefall so only against the
US dollar has it failed to make a new
all-time high but the dynamics can
change pretty quickly speaking of
dynamics Russia and China of course
still accumulate massive quantities of
gold and so they why are they doing that
David Morgan well they know what's
coming and so they have to have a hedge
against the US dollar in the best hedge
you can have as goal I mean it's stood
the test of time for thousands of years
I get as I get tired of saying but they
see what's coming now whether or not
there'll be a tie to gold directly with
the Chinese yuan or ruin in be remains
to be determined I somewhat doubt it but
it could take place I think of it were
to take place it's not gonna be imminent
I would say it's probably at least a
decade away but those are my thoughts
currently subject to change you know you
mentioned the Empire about the US dollar
and of course the advantages one has
when one has the global Empire but
countries like China Russia and Iran are
you know figuring out ways to escape the
Empire's grip you know European
countries are now figuring out ways to
continue to do business with Iran
outside of the sanctions that the US are
imposing has the emperor been exposed as
having no clothes in other words the
dollar as Paul Krugman of the New York
Times admitted is backed by nothing
except men with guns so if that threat
is removed and people don't take those
men with guns seriously anymore like
they shouldn't it is written are we
gonna see this action over in Europe
ignoring the Iranian sanctions now
figuring out ways to do business Iran
it's not gonna open up a pathway toward
a more egalitarian global economy less
dominated by the big war machine in the
u.s. David yeah I think it will I think
it's happening max as you well know I've
watched not a lot of your stuff not all
but the Asian infrastructure is
something Bank the ASI be I believe you
know I mean that plus they've
circumvented the Swiss system as you
know so there's all kinds of telltale
signs that aren't just fiction or
reality there have been substantial
changes in the BRICS that have been used
to circumvent the dollar and this will
continue
if you look at the Silk Road what's
going to take place between Europe and
China this is a highway metaphorically
that will take place and will really
kind of push the u.s. maybe out of its
its superior position so there are
massive changes going on and then if you
look at what's you know really out of
the conspiracy left field but I'll take
it on is what's going on with the
Federal Reserve at large meaning what
would happen if the Fed was audited what
would happen if the Treasury took over
the printing of the United States note
instead of the Federal Reserve I mean
I'm not saying that's going to happen
but if you go deep down the rabbit hole
you can find words and music to that
effect I so there's a lot going on here
I don't think you're going to see the
same financial system you have now five
years from now and of course max you're
kind of a leader there in the crypto
side because this is a competing
currency and I'm all for competing
currencies on the crypto thing I've know
I've been kind of late to the party and
I think number one the level that took
place with Bitcoin and etherium kind of
set the base and I see the next leg up
being precious metals back Kryptos but
you're starting to see a fair amount of
those big concern for me still is
security they're still in my view strong
one some security issues surrounding the
platforms in some cases right well we
only have about 20 seconds left let me
make a quick comment on that the issue
with metals backtrack both currency of
course is they still have to verify via
a third party the veracity of the metal
so it seems to me to be a bit of an
oxymoron in that regard but I understand
there is a market for it anyway David
Morgan thanks so much for being on the
Kaiser report max thank you
all right and that's gonna do it for
this edition of the Kaiser report with
me max Kaiser and Stacy Herbert want to
thank our guest David Morgan of the
Morgan report to must read it catch us
on Twitter at Kaiser report until next
time bye Oh
you
you
