ladies and gentlemen we have concluded
our substantive talks we discussed in
detail the political military situation
in Yemen and the prospects of a
settlement of the crisis in the country
we also looked at some of the aspects on
our bilateral agenda we think that there
is no alternative to the cessation of
hostilities in Yemen we think all the
parties should refrain from any attempts
to resolve the existing contradictions
through the use of force we think it is
necessary not only to continue but
actual to boost international efforts
with the UN playing the leading role to
create conditions for lasting dialogue
with all the political forces in Yemen
we think that the arrangements for
political settlements in Yemen prepared
in different formats and imposed from
outside will not be viable and may even
be counterproductive
Alysha William Irish only the people of
Yemen themselves can decide the future
out for their country and a Russia
maintains contacts with all the parties
in Yemen and we are ready to provide
necessary assistance and it is our
understanding that the leadership of the
Republic of Yemen welcomes a distance of
Russia a lot of attention to the
humanitarian situation in Yemen which
remains extremely complex
according to UN estimates 22 million
people an eminent that's a huge number
need assistance and over two million
children are welcomed the decision by
the earth coalition to partially lift
the blockade of data
the only artery that connects the cities
the country's biggest city with
the we think that the UN should continue
have access to sauna for humanitarian
air lifts without any obstacles
long-term more fundamentally it is
important to lift Sein air blockade in
open free access for medical supplies
and food to all the territories in Yemen
contributes to humanitarian efforts in
Yemen's last year emergencies ministry
sent over 40 tons of humanitarian cargo
to sana and we're now working on another
humanitarian delivery to the Republic as
a result of this conflict
basically all the bilateral projects
trade and economic cooperation between
Russia and Yemen have been frozen
as morality imma do hot coolant machete
we really and we think that our country
parts are interested to resume our ties
as soon as peace and stability returns
our people are interested in that
especially considering that we have long
history of good relations between our
countries in December we'll mark 100
years since we established diplomatic
relations we have agreed with must
ministry to continue regular contacts
directly and through our embassy in the
Republic of Yemen which recently was
moved from sana to Riyadh for security
reasons at the same time we'll continue
our dialogue with Houthis and other
political forces in Yemen with all the
stakeholders including the Arab
coalition which plays an important role
in this situation in Yemen encouraging
everybody to contribute to pacifying the
situation and moving on from the
military conflict to a political
dialogue
as my nearby metallic Tilka other Arabi
Jamie can touch him Adam I mean
filaments and a host oh I'd like to
thank my counterpart minister lavrov we
just had very constructive negotiations
we discuss the situation in Yemen
bilateral agenda and prospects for
developments were bloodshot eyes also
discuss the decision by US president
Trump to move its embassy to Jerusalem
Arab countries the in various position
and that's why we welcomed Russia's
support for the pan-arab position
our relations long-standing and as
minister said on January the first will
mark the 90th anniversary since the
establishment of diplomatic ties between
Yemen and Russia handed over the
welcoming note from many leadership the
Russian leadership and also we recognize
Russia's support for the legitimate
Yemeni government during the talks we
reaffirmed our support to every
initiative including the Gulf initiative
and UN Security Council resolutions
including UN Security Council resolution
2216 this is the only option for us that
would bring peace and security and
restore territorial integrity and
independence reaffirmed to Minister
Lavrov that the peace option is the only
up
for us and the war was declared upon us
by the militants who initiated riot
against legitimate authorities today we
discussed Russia's role and Russia's
support for the peace process Russia is
a permanent member of the Security
Council
and plays its role at the UN and in
implementing all international
resolutions the UN framework is the only
path towards peace and Yemen we believe
that Russia has one of the leading roles
since it's a permanent member of the UN
Security Council it's one of the
co-sponsors of the peace process since
2011 we very much hope that our contacts
and consultations will continue we
agreed to intensify as for the many
legitimate government continues to
support the UN efforts and the special
UN envoy we've agreed to the results of
the negotiations in Kuwait and other
areas Houthis are against the peace
process the
sets up barriers and the latest obstacle
was the killing of from president saleh
during the talks between president arias
and un special envoy and president said
the same during the meeting with the
presidential special envoy for the
middle east mikhail bogdanov expressed
gratitude to you Minister Lavrov for the
humanitarian aid that Russia has
provided indeed have a dire humanitarian
situation this is the consequence of the
war the war was imposed upon us and
there's only one alternative there's
only one option getting back to normal
stopping the war and restoring state
institutions this will be the ultimate
solution but until that happens we are
working on a new plan that's the equal
so-called rescue plan according to it
all border checkpoints will be reopened
there will be humanitarian corridors
opened for the aid to pour in and it is
to die that's a ministerial summit of
the coalition will take place that will
discuss this particular issue
gotta have the head of Larrabee we'll
have Amelia veneer with the head of it
out of a bedroom dakara bit earlier they
will come together to discuss this
College this coalition lead plan we
believe that the Yemeni people deserve
during our talks I asked a Russian
counterparts to send 50,000 tons of
grain and Minister Lavrov so that this
request is now being considered
we very much hope that the reply would
be positive because we know that Russia
is committed just 50 tons not fifty
thousand times but 50 tons of grain we
also discuss the consequences of the
killing of president Sadiq and the
situation name the ruling party we share
the same opinion on this issue we would
like this process to be an inclusive one
there also discuss aspects of our
bilateral ties implementation of some
bilateral projects including those
related to prisoners
how about you we would like to continue
strengthening our ties
we very much appreciate Russia's role we
cherish the historical ties that we have
with Russia and we hope that Russia will
continue the peace process in line with
the decisions that have been made and we
very much hope when we told it to the
primaries to the Foreign Minister that
Iran stops interfering in our affairs
now we move on to questions Egyptian TV
channel what is Russia's assessments of
the situation in Yemen after the killing
of former president mr. Saleh first of
all when this happened we said it was a
grave crime obviously planned in order
to disrupt efforts for peaceful
settlement as you know
Ali Abdullah Saleh was in favor of
building bridges with the government of
president Hadi in order to stop a
bloodshed we had a feeling that very
soon answer Allah will be fully isolated
and the situation will be resolved even
without any political talks the
situation looks much more complex mr.
Minister has just to mentioned the
situation in the National Congress where
there is a party in favor of the toxins
there are also hardliners which are who
are in favor of continuing confrontation
with the legitimate government of Yemen
all this demonstrates that there is no
alternative to launching pan Yemeni
talks we share this position with the
Yemeni government and will continue
advancing this position in context with
all the parties in Yemen
sinister mere we each had our tea Ramon
Cosworth are two English Turkish special
operation against Kurds is now in its
third day the Kurds have been backed by
the US what is Russia's assessment of
the operation what is your assessment of
the moderates response by the US to the
situation will it have an impact on
Kurds role in the Syrian peace process
first of all you probably familiar with
these statements released by Moscow
regarding the launch of the military
operation frame there was a statement by
the foreign ministry and this statement
by the defence ministry we encouraged
all parties to respect territorial
integrity and sovereignty of the
Republic of Syria I would like to remind
everybody that we have been pointing out
for a long time that the United States
pursues a policy of setting up
alternative government bodies through
out the large part of Syrian territories
Washington openly and also covertly
provides modern weapons to different
groups in Syria to their allies
Democratic Syrian forces which rely on
Kurdish militia this meddling in
internal affairs of the Syrian Arab
Republic continues several days ago the
creation of woodland force was declared
along the entire border with Turkey next
there were some clumsy rebuttals even
though in reality all those tivities and
establishing control of Syrian territory
along the border continued
stammer at the same time the United
States has been discouraging Kurds from
having dialogue with Damascus Washington
encourages separatist sentiment among
Kurds ignoring the delicate nature in
the original dimension of the Kurdish we
don't understand the motives for such
policy by Washington it's either that
they don't understand the situation or
this is an intentional provocation now
as regards the role that courage may
play in further political process they
certainly should play a role but this
rule should be secured based on a common
platform where all the Syrian ethnic
religious and political forces are
encouraged to respect Syria's
territorial integrity and sovereignty
that's why I'm sure representatives were
invited to the upcoming Congress Syrian
National Congress which will take place
next week in Sochi as regards the
Security Council meeting which will be
convened by France where I can say we
are a little bit alarmed because of
prejudice shown in responding to various
events in the Syrian conflict for
examples French the French Foreign
Minister said that this session will
deal not just with the situation in a
friend but also with the situation in
eastern good and it for some time now
our Western partners have been creating
scandalous atmosphere regarding the
situation and eastern good and in Lib
even though there are militants close to
al nusra front in eastern gouda shelling
the neighborhood where the russian
embassy is located even the medical
evacuation of children which require
immediate medical assistance has
recently started from eastern good with
the assistance of the russian emergency
workers
lady Alexa fauna
they're here sorry mother
I'm Elliot Hitler to be emotional please
regarding the situation and in LeBeau us
and counterparts ignore the obvious fact
that it is Easton Inlet where Japan news
RIA control the situation until recently
which has been banned by the UN as a
terrorist organization and just recently
the Syrian army launched an offensive
eventually encircling a larger part of
Japan a nutri and perhaps this is why
some Western countries are so concerned
and this confirms once again what we
have been talking about for some time
now namely that the us-led coalition
tries to spare jihad a new era obviously
planning to use this terrorist group
later in order to affect the regime
change the so called Plan B in Syria
this is totally unacceptable for Russia
and we will adamantly oppose any such
attempts in the future
it's quite wheeling when that when our
Western partners complain about Eastern
good and trying to protect a pardon they
turn a blind eye to humanitarian
situation to the operation that launched
in Raqqa basically demolishing the
entire city but we will continue to
insist that the UN and the Security
Council should take a closer look at
this problem because it requires a lot
of humanitarian assistance
demining otherwise people will not
return to the area
that would mean is a little aha
Hanako Allah Lisa Tim can sue can RT
Arabic Moscow insists that all the
parties to the conflict in the second
question was she
foreign minister Yemen so what is
Russia's role in Yemen what and Russia
contribute that other countries cannot
as regards responses to our position
that there is no alternative to dialogue
between all the parties in Yemen to deal
with this crisis I think this response
has been quite positive our position is
welcomed by all the players for the U
and we support the efforts by the UN
Special Envoy mr. Ahmed to start a
dialogue between the legitimate
government
the National Congress party and Ruthie's
these are the key forces right now and
they're all the UN contacts all of them
we welcome that and I think all the
legitimate government of Yemen and Saudi
let coalition support peace process we
agree with Russia on this issue war is
not an alternative the war was imposed
upon us because of the coup led by
Houthis the shunning brothers in Saudi
Arabia now these rockets are still being
launched
get emailed kübra Almirola Hassan ha ha
salad the Rockets are launched regularly
and it's the Houthis that commit
horrible atrocities in sauna
killings of sorry the killings of
millions of thousands of people this is
the main barrier to peace talks and
again they continue to launch rockets
against Saudi Arabia the Houthis proved
that the Kennedy reliable partners if
they can prove that they can be a
partner in the peace process
then they can join the peace process and
free found what I said earlier the UN
Framework shall be supported by every
party Russia's role should be the key
one I mean that the I mean that Russia
is a permanent member of the UN Security
Council Russia's good size with all the
Arab countries it does not interfere
into Yemen's affairs it supports the
efforts of the UN Special Envoy for
Yemen and again it supports the efforts
to look for a solution as part of the UN
Framework this is why Russia could play
an exceptionally important role in the
peace process
since rush is one of the co-sponsors of
the peace process it can contact with
any other countries Russia crosa play an
important role in mitigating Iranian
influence or stopping Iranian influence
and their support for the militants and
that has been documented by the UN
Russia's plays a key role in the peace
process Russia's a strong focus contacts
with the legitimate government it
supports the UN Special Envoy for the
Yemen crisis it seeks to ensure an
effective role by the U and via the UN
Security Council the UN framework is the
only option to resolve the crisis we
subscribe to all of this we believe that
Russia plays a positive role in the
peace process confirm once again that
peace in Yemen can only be achieved in
line with international law and with the
role played by the UN thank you so much
the press conference is over
