I wish you the best of luck in the new
year and very grateful to you for taking
part in our annual press conference I
don't think I should spend a lot of time
on my introductory remarks just recently
the president gave a big end-of-the-year
press conference and just a few days ago
President Putin met with the
editor-in-chief of Russian media and
news agencies I think you've been
following this major events and you are
well familiar with the president's
comments on various issues including
foreign policy
so I'll just say briefly that once again
we have to say that this year was not
easy we see various hot spots around the
world in the Middle East northern Africa
and Ukraine our neighboring country and
in recent months we saw serious
escalation because of the threats coming
from Washington threats to solve the
nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula
through the use of force we heard
similar threats regarding Afghanistan
again using force to resolve the problem
and of course last statements intended
to disrupt joint comprehensive plan on
the Iranian nuclear program further
destabilize this situation unfortunately
our us partners and their allies still
want to conduct affairs through
dictating and ultimatums they're
unwilling to listen to other centers of
international politics and they refuse
to acknowledge the emerging multipolar
world the methods they use to deter
their rivals
are for a large part from the deployment
of the global missile defense system
unilateral sanctions extraterritorial
application of its laws and like I said
a threat to resolve international issues
based on their own scenario including
even the use of brutal military force as
a result we see international law being
undermined international institutions
losing their significance and more and
more States building up their military
might which they regard is almost the
only guarantee of preserving their
sovereignty under current circumstances
therefore we've been doing our best to
protect Russia's national interest in
international affairs including the
interests of our people the interest of
Russian companies which often are being
discriminated against and simultaneously
we do our best to protect international
law the international system based on
the UN Charter working together with
other constructive forces
internationally we've been upholding
universal values of truth mutual respect
and cooperation doing our best to
prevent the degradation of the
International World Order which is
seriously upset today and we want to do
our best to prevent the world from
descending into chaos and confrontation
specific areas of our work I'll comment
on that when I answer your questions I
belong to mention right now that this
year this new year will continue with
our efforts in all those areas this
includes
fighting terrorism we saw serious
progress with that in Syria and
currently Syria is at an important stage
moving on to a political dialogue and
we've been working together with Turkey
and Iran preparing for Syrian dialogue
Congress we're wide range of Syrian
forces will be participating as required
by the UN Security Council resolution
2254 we will continue working on the
Iranian nuclear to you we will seek
normalization of the palestinian-israeli
conflict the Middle East conflict
conflicts problems are further
complicated by the fact that the
Palestinian issue has not been resolved
of course we will also continue working
on Ukraine a problem which can only be
resolved by fully implementing from the
package of measures adopted in Minsk in
February 2015
of course we have a very important
political event coming up the
presidential election our embassies
consulates and cultural centers abroad
will do everything necessary for Russian
people currently abroad to be able to
vote conveniently I stopped here and now
I will start our the interactive part of
our conversation
Anabelle Dina Rossiya 24 TV station as
you might know the media publishes the
rating of top words of top 10 words of
the previous year what would be your
rating well for the fear of being
misunderstood I will not talk about
specific words as far as stories are
concerned it's of course Syria this is a
problem
where many interests of many players
converge and like I said we do our best
there is this initiative of the Assyrian
dialogue Congress we do our best to
harmonize the interests of all the
Syrian parties in all the external
players that that can influence the
situation all those who would like to
advance their interests in the region as
part of this hearing process this is a
complex process but like I said we have
reasons to believe that the group of
Russia Iran and Turkey which was able a
year ago to launch the Astana process to
set up the de-escalation zones and
despite all the attempts to undermine
these efforts this initiative still
proved quite effective and the Astana
process also stimulated the United
Nations activity before we started the
Astana process the UN process did
nothing for about 10 years so I hope
that the initiative of the Syrian
National Dialogue Congress will also
stimulate the UN to step up its efforts
in any case the Sochi Congress
pursues the goal of helping the Geneva
talks and we clearly said as much to our
colleagues including the UN leadership
and the countries involved in the Syrian
settlement the second story of the year
I guess the Middle East in general the
Middle East and northern Africa because
Syrian settlement is just a part of a
very complex nexus of problems existing
in this region I can mention Libya Yemen
I've already mentioned the
palestinian-israeli settlement which is
experiencing a deep crisis and I still
remain convinced that as regards the
influence of the dead end in the
palestinian-israeli settlement the dead
end in setting up at Palestinian state
this has a very negative effect on a
radicalization of the Arab Street
Ukraine
is another subject which artificially is
overinflated and is regarded by some as
the running stone in the relations
between Russia and the West I think it
is an absolutely politicized and
erroneous approach and I wish they could
abandon such a view such a prism which
they used to view the Ukraine crisis the
prism of confrontation between the
quote/unquote authoritarian Russia and
the quote-unquote Democratic West
instead we should focus on the Minsk
agreements because they're extremely
clear and they don't allow any
double interpretation different
interpretations if only we could focus
on this we would be able to resolve this
conflict we would not use ideological
interpretation of the situation as
something that means a lot to relations
between Russia and the West
this would allow our Western partners to
abandon their unconditioned support for
Kiev which disrupts the Minsk agreements
this is another story of the year
I can also mention some positive trends
the Eurasian integration the
implementation of the Greater Eurasia
project including EurAsEC SCO as he and
this project is open to new participants
in the east and in the West alike of
course we need to broaden this process
APEC g20 BRICS
these are groupings which embody the
trends of the modern world the objective
process of the polycentric system of
international relations emerging of
course I may have forgotten something I
should mention but these are the stories
we keep working on on a daily basis I'm
from Tsinghua news agency the leaders of
Russia in China said that they would
like to continue cooperate on
international affairs just before the
new year so what are the major
international issues where Russia is
counting on China
Shanghai Sky Shanghai Cooperation
Organization will have its next summit
in June in China what's your
expectations see I'm very grateful to
the moderator for letting you go
second because you've mentioned the
subject which I did not mention when
answering the first question of
regarding stories of the year of course
the nuclear problem of the Korean
Peninsula is one of the most serious
issues today Russia and China have been
have been working together closely on
this matter as you know we have a joint
initiative with China regarding a way to
move from confrontation to a political
settlement to begin with we suggest that
everybody should calm down and freeze
any confrontation of actions especially
conducting military drills and launches
of missiles nuclear tests and
large-scale maneuvers conducted by the
United States together with the Republic
of Korea and Japan so once there is this
moratorium in place such ban on hostile
actions will actually support direct
contacts between the interested parties
including first and foremost of course
Pyongyang and Washington and we will
also provide support for this bilateral
dialogue as part of the so-called
six-party process involving also Russia
China Japan and the Republic of Korea
this I think is the most important item
on the Russia China agenda I would also
like to say working on this matter it's
not it's not easy like I said the United
States says openly about the need for a
military solution even though everybody
is aware of dire consequences of such
reckless action and in a situation where
there was no opportunity for a dialogue
we saw provocative action like military
drills around North Korea which provoked
further escalation we have a joint
roadmap together with China and we will
work based on it we also work together
on Syrian settlement our Chinese
colleagues share Russia's position on
this matter what I mean is they believe
that the conflict you know be resolved
through political means based on the UN
Security Council decision which says
there should be political dialogue
without any preconditions involving all
the forces in Syria including the
government and all key opposition
movements reflecting all the reflecting
the diversity of the Syrian population
ethnically and religiously we have also
another important and joint initiative
with China it's a draft treaty on non
deployment of weapons in space we put it
forward several years ago at the UN
disarmament conference unfortunately
because of the position of the United
States this treaty is not currently
being discussed all the other countries
understand that this is an important
matter but the United States continues
make plans to militarize space in a
sense of deploying weapons in outer
space which of course will make
international security issues much much
more difficult by the way at the
disarmament conference China Khan
sponsored the draft of another important
document Convention on prevention of the
use of chemical and biological weapons
for terrorist purposes and again
surprisingly the United States opposed
this move and finally in Eurasia we have
been working closely together
consolidating our efforts for
integration China has its own initiative
called one belt one Road the President
of Russia and the chairman of China have
agreed to promote coupling of Eurasian
integration and the one belt one Road
initiative the members of the Eurasian
Economic Union have been working
together on that treaty on that on a
trade deal with China simultaneously we
see contacts between urea SEC and the
SCO were also open for ASEAN countries
to join in a number of ASEAN countries
have signed their agreements with the EI
EU now a free trade zone agreements or
talks are underway on the whole this is
what Britain Putin calls the greater
Eurasian project this is this looks very
promising of course we have to consider
the number of important factors because
there are a lot of economic interests at
stake but everybody now
this initiative looks so promising
because it's based on real life it's
doesn't set up specific framework in
advance and then moves on to practical
things no the way we do it is well I can
give you a metaphor
you know how they lay paths in England
first they see where people find it
comfortable for them to walk convenient
for them to walk and then after that
they make paths pathways this is the way
we work on the grater you raise a
project I can give you a long list of
other initiatives that Russia and China
have in common but I would I think I can
stop here I've mentioned the key items
where we work together
mr. Lavrov in 1980s Russia ratified an
agreement on friendship and not mention
with Ukraine 1998 but in 2014 this
agreement is no longer relevant but it
was automatically prolonged for ten
years if it's not denounced and you have
to do it what will you do will you
automatically prolong this agreement or
will you denounce this agreement and
again you're an expert international
affairs what's your advice to your
leadership I did not get your second
part so what will you do
will Russia denounce this treaty or will
it automatically prolong it or if you
don't know yet what Russia will do what
will you as an authority as an expert in
international affairs
what will you advise to your leadership
well if I don't know what to advise how
will I advise well jokes aside I I got
you a question
we have one MP and constantine's a
Toulon who raced this issue the other
day he said that one of these sections
was on respect for territorial
sovereignty territorial integrity and
sovereignty and this provision is no
longer relevant because Crimea had a
referendum and the people of Crimea
decided to become independent and then
join Russia well for me this is now
really a relevant
issue international documents are
important but it's up to the lawyers
politically we continue to respect
territorial integrity of Ukraine in the
borders following the Crimea referendum
after Crimea reunited with Russia there
have been many legalese questions on
that including on the Budapest
memorandum you quoting to the Budapest
memorandum Ukraine said it will no
longer have its nuclear stock and again
we've never threatened Ukraine with
nuclear weapons so it means that there
been no violation of the Budapest
memorandum but in a separate protocol
Ukraine said it will not provoke racist
or neo-nazi or xenophobic trends but
what happened after Maidan protests was
a gross violation of that commitment but
politically I assure you mr. president
putin reiterated once again we see the
full implementation of the Minsk
agreements without any emissions and
that is fully in line with our respect
for territorial integrity of Ukraine in
its current borders following the Crimea
referendum that was held in fully in
line with international law but we are
talking about the 1998 borders and
territorial integrity in terms of 1998
so maybe this treaty needs to be
modernized we all do respect the issue
that you just raised the only
distracts us from the bottom line the
bottom line is that Ukraine has
subscribed to the Minsk Accords and the
Minsk Accords have nothing to do with
Crimea and these Accords need to be
implemented we need to focus on pushing
the Kiev authorities to deliver on what
they committed to and what is also part
of the UN Security Council resolution I
don't think we should divert diverge and
discuss what we should do with this
international treaty I think that the
Minsk Accords are much more important
and again it was unanimously approved by
the UN Security Council we know from our
private conversations our colleagues
counterparts in the West fully
understand the tactics of the Kiev
authorities towards the Minsk Accords
they see that our Ukrainian neighbors
have made repeated attempts to use force
to resolve the situation but in fact
what they do is they just ignore the
efforts that need to be taken as part of
the Minsk Accords so don't want us to
hypothesize I don't want it to be seen
as disregard for international law but
actually international law was ignored
and disregarded by those who stoked up
the Maidan protests back in February
2014 an agreement was reached between
then president mr. Yanukovych and
leaders of the opposition and it was
signed in the presence of foreign
ministers of Germany Poland and France
but the next day it was torn to pieces
by the opposition but the Western
counterparts that were present at the
signing ceremony they've actually
betrayed the Ukrainian nation because
the agreement put forward a national
unity government and instead they had
the government of winners as mr. jetson
ik said and then there was an MP
convention that united brought together
MPs of the east and the south and they
decided to assume authority and control
over their territory so they never took
any military action but on the 23rd of
February the national parliament passed
a law on the languages and was a
Rousseff avec anti-russian law and they
sent a signal and on the 26th of
February the two leaders sanctioned the
use of force by the right sector and his
boot a courier organization and there
were hobby organisation to storm the
Supreme Council to building the
Parliament building of Crimea so it was
five days after the European leaders
were not able to push the Kiev
authorities to deliver on their
commitments so again five days after the
coup the Kiev authorities sanctioned
the use of force against the key the
Crimea Parliament and again
referendum movement started after that
when crimeans realized they could have
nothing to do and they want to have
nothing to do with the Kiev authorities
so again the use of forest seized say
and the sanctioning of these our forests
is a clear violation of the Budapest
memorandum of international law so
Russia
subscribes to international law but
first of all we would like to we'd like
those who violated at first to sober up
and behave accordingly already missile
of U of Commerce and in January there
was a poll conducted by the ludus center
and 68% of the Russian people said the
United States was a hostile country
situation is somewhat similar it's 64 to
72 percent of the American people who
view Russia as an enemy could you please
comment on these sad figures and maybe
answer the question who or what we
should blame for seeing enemies in each
other President Putin made multiple
statements on this issue it's not an egg
and chicken problem rather it's a
problem of your opinion war of world
view the Americans are known for their
feeling of exceptionalism and
superiority President Obama mentioned
that several times
president Trump has not said that but
the efforts and steps by the elite and
the American leadership worldwide
clearly indicates that they still rely
on this mentality
it was I used to enlist it would be
one thing it's if there would be
positive examples if they had fair
competition but this is the reality is
that it's the other way around the West
is losing his dominance that they've had
for at least five centuries and their
objective process is underway it's the
course of history that leads to the
emergence of new power centers new power
houses the international system needs to
be adapted so that there's equal
dialogue cooperation involving those new
powerhouses they need to be part of the
decision-making process but the u.s. is
not doing this it resorts to illegal
means trying to get back their role in
international politics that is being
eroded the UN Charter is a very
important document it sets forth a
number of rules that have to be complied
with I don't think that we need to
motive is document although we are in
favor of reforming the UN Security
Council vetting and this process is
underway but we need first and foremost
to respect each other and we need to
coordinate our positions
now this is something that the u.s. is
missing out on particularly with the
current administration in place once the
an initiative from Washington is
countered with criticism all with
counter efforts they immediately get
angry or start to threaten their
counterparts with sanctions certainly
the pros the shaping of the multipolar
world is a long process the world
economy is growing in cycles and it's
not the West it's not the u.s. that
drives economic growth it's a painful
process you need to put up with this but
there's no other alternative certainly
the u.s. is trying to follow an
alternative that some of their allies
that ultimatums and some sanctions are
trying to punish the European companies
their businesses a false wagon scandal
was one example and again they use
extraterritorial principle applying
their laws and the Trump administration
has taken on some of the legacy some of
the principles from the Obama
administration and they've even may even
become aggressive on some issues the US
administration is afraid of fair
competition in energy and it's a
surprise to Europe you're aware of this
Russian gas is replaced by LNG from the
US which is several times more expensive
and again no stream to project has been
countered by some of the forces they say
that it's used to strangle Ukraine it
would be bad for Europe but if you take
Germany as an example it's 2,000
kilometers shorter than via Ukraine and
it's almost two times cheaper then value
crane let's take the defense sector
Russia
we've been severely sanctioned but the
only purpose and it is clear for me is
to prevent our defense sector from
crowing I think you need to have a level
playing field instead of banning or
pushing third party countries not to buy
Russian weapons or Russian and shipment
take the media
you have biased attitudes who are T to
Sputnik and in France we've seen the
same Russian journalists and Russian
media have been banned from Latvia
Moldova and Ukraine just recently French
the French president said they need to
introduce rules to fight fake news but
there will be one regulator one party
that will define what is fake news and
what is not fake news and there would be
no dialogue on that take sports have
been multiple events ahead of the
upcoming Olympics have been strict
measures taken against Russian athletes
I have no doubt and our president said
as much there have been instances when
our athletes have used illegal
substances but they have never been
cases before when collective punishment
has been used and clearly it's a way to
punish Russia to hurt its pride and also
to avoid fair competition and again I've
just given you examples that you can
clearly see on websites or media
Russians reads this analyze this
information digest it pin polls do
matter but I believe the US
administration demonizes Russia and they
are mostly responsible for the public
opinion that we have today
we cannot you know used it for that
actions always in response to what the
US has been doing we're trying to act in
a more balanced way
but we cannot put up with all the legal
actions that the US has been doing and
you might also remember the
unprecedented story when our diplomatic
property was seized and we are now
launching proceedings court proceedings
social media uses are aware events of
all these stories and when that's these
kind of stories happening you cannot
convince our audience our social media
uses that's the u.s. is the best place
in the world
a question from Syrian journalists mr.
Lavrov what do you think about eight
talks of eight rounds of Astana talks
and the talks in Geneva
are there any shifts in the positions of
Donald Trump and use administration on
the Syrian crisis thank you
talks are covered extensively we
embarked on this process after the
failure of the Obama administration to
distinguish between the u.s. controlled
opposition from Japan and Lucia and
other terrorist groups
President Obama and President Putin met
in September in China in 2016 there was
an agreement on that following that
together with John Kerry we drafted an
initiative but the u.s. failed to
deliver on their commitment they were
unwilling or they didn't want to crack
down on Japan al nusra and we still have
that fear and we're getting more and
more evidence that this is exactly the
case the UN was idle at that point and
together with Turkey and around we
decided to act to put forward a plan
that would rely on the situation on the
ground who started to engage the Syrian
armed opposition and it later met in
Astana in the capital of Kazakhstan who
is the Syrian government representatives
for de-escalation zones were set up in
Syria warn is a joint distillation zone
that were set up with Jordan the US and
Russia level of violence went down
drastically there are some provocateurs
in Italy but trying to disable eyes the
situation the organizations and
institutions that signed the agreements
on the part of our decision forces and
they're controlled by Turkey they are
experiencing some additional pressure
and just recently they had several raids
against the Syrian army and at the same
time have been some provocations against
the Russian air base in may mean when we
had to respond because these would
direct violations of the desolation
agreement to you where some of our
western part is saying that it's the
Syrian side that is violating the
agreement but this is
exactly the opposite we very much hope
that our Turkish counterparts will
complete the deployment of the remaining
checkpoints around the desolations only
need lip
I think they currently have three but
overall there needs to be 20 checkpoints
and we contacted our counterparts in
Turkey they said that they will try to
complete the deployment we hope this
will help to resolve the situation in
Goethe we have a similar situation some
of the Western media and Western
politicians have been raising a lot of
buzz about alleged operation alleged
offence either the Syrian army again
every step that the Syrian army staking
he it is taking in response to the raids
by a chap had a news route to the
shelling of Damascus including the
districts where the Russian embassy is
located and we cannot turn an applied
eye to it we have to crack down all
those legal actions so we moving ahead
in line with the agreements there will
be additional humanitarian steps that
will be taken exchange of prisoners of
war and other confidence-building
measures it will help to launch the
national reconciliation process on the
ground in those local areas where the
escalation zones have been set up we
mentioned it several times that the
Astana processes and in no competition
with the Geneva process and will always
have UN representatives in Astana
the upcoming national recounts National
Dialogue Congress we will also
contribute to it and UN Security Council
resolution said that UN Security Council
resolution 2254 provided for a most
broad representation of the Syrian
opposition but what we had in Geneva
those are people who leave in every
Saudi Arabia on the United Emirates or
in Turkey or in Russia or in Europe so
these are people who are Anna grace but
the Syrian dialogue Congress will focus
on the efforts to launch the political
process and will also engage which most
importantly the opposition figures that
are inside Syria not only those who are
against openly against the Syrian
government but they're also tribal
leaders they're non-combatants formally
speaking but they live in this country
and certainly have a say so their
opinion needs to be taken to account
when talking about the future of Syria
is there any difference between the
Trump administration's policy and the
and the Obama administration's policy I
don't think there's there's any drastic
difference unfortunately in both cases
we're seeing that the u.s. is not
actually helping to put out the flames
of the conflict they are helping those
who are seeking a regime change in Syria
I said at once that Rex Tillerson just
like John Kerry assured me that the only
curl
why the u.s. is present in Syria closing
with its Navy with its Special
Operations personnel and its coalition
is dismantling terrorism dismantling
Isis the AUSA says that there's still
hotbeds violence there's still pockets
of resistance by Isis but even if you
take it into account the actions that
we've been observing indicates that the
u.s. do not want to keep Syria as a
state and its current borders just
recently we had an initiative that the
US wants to help the democratic Syria
forces to set up some border zones
border security zones what it would mean
is that vast swaths of territory
alongside the border of Turkey in Iraq
will be isolated it's to the east of the
Euphrates River you know there are
difficult relations between Kurds and
Arabs but if you say that this sirness
kin will be controlled by some forces
supported by the u.s. that will be a
force of 30,000 people well that's a
very big deal that's a very big there
are a lot of question marks there is a
fear that they are pursuing a policy to
cut Syria into several pieces but again
there's nothing in the new C UN Security
Council resolutions that have been
pointing to that or there's nothing in
our in the previous agreements so we are
expecting clarification from the US on
that
mr. Lavrov I represent Kurdistan media
have two questions the first question is
also on Syria the Armed Forces of Turkey
launched at least 40 strikes against the
position of Syrian Kurds over the last
24 hours at a freeing what is a Russia's
position on this issue and my second
question on the conflict between Erbil
and Baghdad conflicts between Erbil and
Baghdad continues dozens of Kurds have
been killed in Kirkuk and over 200,000
Kurds are now refugees what role can
Russia play in the resolution of the
conflict between Erbil and Baghdad thank
you the answer to the second question is
very simple whatever role is acceptable
and whatever role both Erbil and Baghdad
are interested in we support Iraq's
territorial integrity we think all
problems should be resolved through
talks and the national dialogue if the
parties need some kind of a mediator
ship and if Russia is invited as a
mediator we will regard this positively
as regards the situation in Syria this
is a subject on which we should all work
together specifically we want ceasefire
agreements to be implemented and of
course Kurds are part of the Syrian
nation and their interests should be
taken into account in this work that we
now do
including the work we do preparing for
the Syrian National Dialogue Congress
but I mentioned that there is a new
initiative new project by the United
States to set up this border security
forces relying on the Syrian democratic
forces with the Kurdish troops as you
know turkey responded negatively to that
and I said that we have serious
questions as far as the territorial
integrity of this here in Arab public is
concerned but this is also a problem
because of the problem between Kurds and
Turkey and the fact that this new
project this new unilateral ultimatum
like step does not help calm down the
situation with a friend
that's how Yerba channel one TV station
news President Donald Trump said last
week
defiantly that it's the last time that
it extends the the freeze on Iran
sanctions what are the consequences we
have responded to this situation we
believe that the joint comprehensive
plan of action on the Iranian nuclear
program is one of the biggest
achievements of the international
community as far as stabilizing the
situation in the Middle
is concerned and it is absolutely
necessary to deter the process of
erosion of the non-proliferation regime
we have made our position known to the
United States repeatedly when we first
heard doubts from Washington regarding
the need to maintain the comprehensive
action plan on the Iranian nuclear
program together with the Chinese and
European partners in this deal we told
Washington that we believe such an
approach would be destructive and will
result in unpredictable consequences
unfortunately our goals remained
unheeded and so far we were unable to
make the United States change its point
of view we will continue insisting that
the United States should recognize the
reality and the reality is that the Iran
has been abiding by its obligation under
the nuclear deal has verified by the
IAEA Director General the IAE did not
have any complaints about Iran on
compliance now what the United States is
trying to accomplish is basically I
change the text of the agreement by
including provisions which would be
totally unacceptable for Iran and we
will never support that access to any
facility immediately when whenever
required this goes beyond the existing
agreement unlimited
denial of Iran's rights under the
non-proliferation treaty in dia each
other and at the same time there is an
attack on Iran generally the United
States wants Iran to stop developing
ballistic missiles which has never been
a subject of talks and Iran has never
made any such commitments more
abstractly they want Iran to stop
meddling in other country's affairs in
the region and they're stopped for
violating human rights at home and now
there is a whole package of sanctions to
be imposed on Iran being prepared
including these so-called violations
that go beyond the nuclear deal
this is deplorable because in just a few
months we'll have another review and if
the United States decides to escalate
I don't even want to think about
consequences because Iran will think it
is no longer bound by the comprehensive
joint action plan I really hope that our
European partners and of course the
Americans are going to put a lot of
pressure on them right now I really hope
that they will abide by the
comprehensive action plan which was
approved by the UN Security Council
resolution which is binding for all the
parties it is deplorable that the United
States once again gave us a reason to
believe that they're unreliable and it's
one of the basic consequences again I go
back to the nuclear problem of the
Korean Peninsula if they want him to
know
to suspend its military nuclear program
offering to lift sanctions this was the
essence of the deal between the
international community in Iran so if
this treaty is now cancelled and the
Iran is told that it should abide by its
commitments and sanctions will be
re-imposed what would you do if you were
the leader of North Korea they say they
will lift sanctions if North Korea
suspends its military nuclear program
but then the next day they can cancel
their promise take it back
by the way today in Vancouver there will
be a meeting on North Korea called by
the US and Canada including countries
that were members of the Union led
coalition during the Korean War
of 1950 1953 when we found out about
this meeting we asked why why do you
need all those countries together Greece
Belgium Colombia Luxembourg what do they
have to do with the Korean Peninsula
today and what are they going to do
there at this conference
the Americans told us first of all this
is important because we want to expand
support for our joint efforts and when
we asked them about the agenda they said
the agenda is to come up with a
mechanism for additional pressure on
Pyongyang just a couple of weeks ago
there was another resolution test and in
two days they say that they will call
this meeting in Vancouver
a Russia and China were not invited but
they told us that this meeting will
start later today and then on 16th and
you can come Russia and China can come
on the evening on 16th and we will tell
you what we have worked out we said this
was unacceptable and we insisted that
the UN should not accept invitation to
this meeting as well so speaking of the
methods and the manners of American
diplomats I think yesterday or the day
before there was a briefing at the State
Department and there was a question
asked when why did you decide not invite
Russia and China to this conference in
Vancouver and the answer the
spokesperson gave was evasive but the
essence was that we discussed this with
the Moscow and Beijing in both countries
support these efforts support this
conference this is an outright lie we
openly said that we think this meeting
is harmful so let's wait and see but at
this point it's hard for me I don't know
what the European countries position
will be like I think they're asking
their suggestion looking for a
compromise so I think gradually the
situation may deteriorate Sonova moscow
Baku News Agency mr. Lavrov 2017 soar a
strong contribution to the peace process
in Syria made by Russia and a
peacekeeper generally as Russia
contributed to resolving the
nagorno-karabakh conflict
do you have any plans for it to be
resolved this year and my second
question is will you have any
cooperation plans so we deserve a John
in 2018 as far as nagorno-karabakh
conflict is concerned a Russia can not
have any specific plans for this problem
because this problem cannot be resolved
by the parties themselves Russia in the
United States and France are three
co-chairman of the Minsk OSC group we've
been doing our best to provide
conditions for such a settlement we've
been working hard in recent years to
analyze the positions of all the parties
and find the points where they coincide
thinks that they have in common and at
the same time point out compromises that
can bring the parties together on the
issues where they disagree this work has
been going on intensely including in the
past year and all of our proposals all
the proposals by the co-chairman and we
share the same position Russia the
United States and France our position
has been made known to the parties
they're aware of our position but it's
up to the parties to decide of course we
expect some positive impulses to come
from both countries we're happy that
last year there was a direct meeting
between the presidents between the
foreign ministers representatives of the
co-chairman countries were present at
those meetings now it would be important
to take specific actions to calm down
the situation along the disengagement
line this would help us to move on to
political settlement and as a general
comment
I can say that this problem cannot be
solved once and for all in one document
you need a stage by stage approach stage
by stage approach which would reflect
agreements on what is possible today and
outline what needs to be done further to
address outstanding issues so that one
day the final solution can be achieved
including the status of nagorno-karabakh
so it's up to the parties and you also
asked about our joint plans with
Azerbaijan our relations with Azerbaijan
are based on extensive dialogue between
the presidents and foreign ministers we
paid visits to each other this year and
we have humanitarian events going on on
a regular basis including the
humanitarian forum and many other things
our trade has been grown mutual
investment so this work is happening in
a natural way and it doesn't require any
additional documents regulating it
we have bilateral Commission's in
different areas with the roadmaps and we
are very happy with our strategic
partnership with Azerbaijan our tea
drink our tea I would like you to
comment on the situation with mr.
Assange might seem that everyone's
forgotten about him but in its not
served all the legal efforts by Ecuador
have not worked political first they've
provided shelter
then she got the state as a political
refugee and then they wanted to give him
in diplomatic status but London said no
so nothing works it will soon be six
years but this Human Rights champion and
whistle whistleblower has been holed up
in act the Embassy of Ecuador and a
separate question in this similar
situation would Russia provide shelter
to Assange they've been also attempts to
disrupt the Syrian National dal Syrian
National Dialogue Congress just recently
u.s. state representative said that it's
will not acknowledge the legitimacy of
this platform will we listen to the US
will we'll be able to hold this Congress
on time given the disagreements between
the grantors and between other
international players and also the issue
around Kurds and also the participation
of mr. de Mistura what was your first
question about Oh Julian Assange you
know it's a hypothetical question what
would you do if Assange were to ask for
Russian citizenship we treat these
situations from the humanitarian put in
view first and foremost this is what
happened with Edward Snowden he asked
for asylum we provided a solemn for
Snowden part of the reason was what
would happen to him because of the
charges brought against him in the
United States so he's been living and
working here and
his position is very non conformist he
speaks openly but whatever he likes so I
cannot comment on Julian Assange Julian
Assange is not in the Russian Federation
right now of course this problem needs
to be resolved one way or another I
totally agree with that
we understand whatever the word does and
support directions I hope that all the
other players will also follow common
sense including our British colleagues
and our colleagues in Sweden I think
they're even ready to show goodwill and
resolve this problem now as regards what
our American partners say about the
Istana process and the Syrian national
dialogue congressman why did the United
States - Astana and they took part in
Astana meetings number of times they
Center and why from the State Department
in Washington you know I would be happy
if the Geneva process would proceed
ahead at full steam unfortunately the
initial attempt to limit the Geneva
process to talks between the government
and immigrants both glam agrees without
including forces inside Syria opposition
forces inside Syria I think this
approach was doomed to fail yes we were
part of those meetings but we said from
the very beginning that the UN a
resolution demands that the entire
spectrum of political movements in Syria
should be included in people who have
been living abroad for in many years
cannot represent the entire spectrum
this is where the Astana process came
from
people who oppose the government armed
opposition they are the ones that need
to be brought to the negotiating table
to work out ceasefire agreement and come
up with a joint action plan to make
arrangements for de-escalation zones
likewise with the Syrian National
Dialogue Congress which is expected to
use the situation once Isis has been
largely defeated and dismantled to get
as many people as possible involved in
this process people who are not covered
by geneva structures and this is a
majority if you take all the Syrian
parties and after this Congress we think
the UN should be grateful to us because
we will only facilitate and broaden the
scope of participants and this will help
with constitutional reforms and with
future elections to ensure universal
support of the Syrian people and not
just the ones who met in the palace of
Nations in Geneva into alleged Russian
meddling in the United States the
current relationship between Russia and
the u.s. seems possibly worse than under
President Obama after one year of
President Trump and considering the
possibility of additional sanctions in
the coming weeks and months do you
personally ever regret the day that
Donald Trump became president and do you
ever wish that Hillary Clinton recipie
the White House instead resonates it you
know this is not what diplomats do
regretting about things that have
happened we work with facts and facts or
what we have today so we just we just do
what needs to be done to advance
Russia's interests under current
circumstances their way for that is
there anything that the Syrian diplomats
could have done to resolve the crisis
and I have a second question not on
Italy but in Vatican Cardinal Petra
Bertolini visits its Russia you know
August will we have any other major
breakthroughs between Russia and Vatican
coming next on Libya you know we don't
play the leading role in international
efforts on Libyan settlement as you know
there was an international meeting in
Paris between mr. Saroj and Marshall
after and we saw some encouraging
results after this meeting even though
there was not much progress after that
we also think that efforts by
neighboring countries Algeria Egypt and
Tunisia are quite constructive and we
also support what mr. selami UN Special
Envoy does coming up with the roadmap at
least few rounds of talks
that he presided over in Tunisia gives
us reasons to believe that slowly but
surely the situation is moving in the
right direction including preparations
for the election everybody agrees that
this will be a very important step as
for us specifically unlike many other
countries from the very beginning we've
been working with all the parties in
Libya we worked with the national unity
government in Tripoli and with the with
Tobruk when mr. Vale and many others at
first some of our Western colleagues
only worked with one of those parties
today better late than never as they say
today their approach is more balanced
than they realized that it is necessary
to bring all the key players in Libya to
the negotiating table otherwise it would
be difficult to secure the result as for
our relations with the Vatican even
before this visit our contacts have been
quite intense President Putin met with
Pope Francis a number of times and we
have specific examples of working
together in humanitarian contexts we
have unique exhibitions that we've
exchanged and last year we have agreed
on visa-free travel for the holders of
diplomatic passports that I can describe
this agreement as historic and we have a
number of mutual interests including
things happening in the Middle East and
Africa we've been
organizing special conferences together
with data con to protect the rights of
Christians in all those brutal conflicts
the last conference took place on the
margins of the ministerial meaning of
all C countries last December these are
just a few examples of our diverse ties
with Vatican notice our mats from
Finland so called Russia Finnish war the
Soviet Finnish war had a negative legacy
on the relations between Russia and
Finland and they've been publications
that Finnish historians can not agree
with there Vincent fake statements made
about war can you clearly say what is
the opinion of the Russian Foreign
Ministry so who started that 1939 war
which side you know that historians sort
this out
I think diplomats should not express
their positions on historical facts
which were not the best period for our
relations and currently I think our
relations are quite good and on the
whole as far as the Winter War is
concerned I hope you were able to watch
the film yesterday now lamb I think the
president said clearly there that we
look to the future we appreciate the
role that Finland played in
preserving the monastery and its
treasures and if we have diplomats
arguing who started shooting first 70 or
80 years ago I think this would be the
wrong thing to do it's something that
historians should do by the way we have
special Commission's of historians but
many countries and I think it would be
good to have a similar Commission with
Finland now a question from Kazakhstan
mr. Lavrov a year ago I asked you about
European and Western countries and their
response to the EA EU you said that
different countries have different
reactions so what would you say this
time what do those countries think about
the EU today and my second question is
about those Bacchus time last year is
Pakistan changed its influences it's a
structure that's what is what are your
plans regarding whose biggest an year
ago the EU did not want to accept any
positive outcome from the Eurasian
Economic Union it's just like the NATO
there's no one to recognize the
collective security treaty organization
as a institution that it could have any
partnership relations this was a year
ago Brussels has moved forward in
expressing the reality on
and it is ready for dialogue between the
Eurasian Economic Union and the European
Union on technical issues but they have
to do with the transfer of goods the
movement of goods and this would
certainly help to promote cooperation we
can start with this way going from
bottom up what were you what was your
second question honors Becca Stan we
have allied relations with is Becca Stan
and this relationship is has been very
reflected in our agreement as Becca Stan
has been taking a more active step in
our joint efforts as part of the
Shanghai Cooperation Organization as
part of the serious two leaders
discussed further steps to deepen our
strategic cooperation and allied
relations and again this is roughly the
same as what we've been doing as part of
our multilateral cooperation so we have
very good prospects question from
Canadian media involved all of eastern
Ukraine
whereas I believe Russia's position is
interest just along the contact line do
you see any way of bridging those two
positions and I'll just come back to
what you said about the North Korea
meeting in Vancouver today do you think
anything productive can come out of that
without Russia there
again Russia and China have not been
invited not just us
with all due respect to those who've
arranged this meeting I don't expect
anything productive I just thought that
there would be nothing counterproductive
but we don't really believe that because
the agenda says mounting increasing
pressure on North Korea now back to your
question on Ukraine we put forward an
initiative to have a UN mission to
secure the peace Kenya the peacekeeping
effort by the OSCE
but again it's not just on the
borderline the OS C team has a mandate
it can move around due to prior
coordination they move along both lines
and they regularly come to the territory
of lugansk and donetsk regions all the
way out to the russian border and they
might visit the territory near the
Russian border up to 20 times a week so
according to our proposal the UN
peacekeepers will be deployed will be
embedded with the OSCE observers
wherever they go in accordance with
their mandate uux you said that Canada
has interest in sending its peacekeepers
but it's questions that should better
address someone else
it's the combatants that have to define
the composition of the peacekeeping
force staying the Ukraine there are
months and Baluch
mr. Lavrov I would like to ask you about
promises you given and take that you
mentioned the agreement that was signed
on in 2014
why the Medal for annexation of the
Crimea is dated one day before this
agreement was signed and my second
question letter Putin said last week
that the Russian Federation is ready to
return the armored and warships from the
Crimea back to Ukraine could you please
clarify because he also mentioned that
after the situation in the Donbass the
relations between Russia and Ukraine
will improve so would you clarify how
crucial it is for Russia to maintain
those pseudo states of Donetsk and
Lugansk because the Minsk agreements say
nothing about people's republics of
Donetsk and Lugansk well it said some
districts of the Lugansk and Donetsk
region again talking to journalists not
in a court meeting so I can use free
language so it says some districts of
the lugansk and donetsk regions terms of
commitments first you have some the
itunes song ending violence hostilities
pulling back weapons and in a month
direct consultations between the kiev
government and the representative some
of the some districts of the lugansk and
donetsk regions should start on
preparations for election so it says
direct consultations well Ukraine
continues to say that it has not taken
up that commitment and is trying to find
new arrangements that's
you know it should only talk to the
French to Germans to the IC to Russia
that's basically ignores those regions
so when it all happened
we Russia handed over the weaponry back
in March the Dane Kiev launched an
anti-terrorist operation calling
terrorists those people have never been
terrorists well we did not hand over
weapons back then because we realized
that those weapons could be used against
the people who have defiantly said no to
the coup we don't we didn't want to give
weapons to those who've put a crackdown
on the Russian language and who said
that Russians should be kicked out of
Crimea and mr. Yash he said that he's
the author of that quote and he was the
firebrand those Maidan protests so
Crimea had not a way to defend their
culture of their multi ethnic identity
and diversity so we are definitely
interested in the full implementation of
the Minsk Accords as for the medal for
the for Crimea well I've not seen that
medal I'm sure it's a technical fault
mr. Lavrov Sputnik news agency I would
like to ask you about Poland Russia and
Poland our neighbors but a basa has a
lot of claims and grievances with Moscow
it's almost an endless list I don't know
if I should go over all those complaints
Moscow keeps saying that Warsaw is a
partner war so describes Russia as an
enemy how should we build relations with
such a difficult partner as Poland this
is my first question and if I may I
would also like to ask the second
question about France
you mentioned the French initiative of
fighting fake news if this is converted
into your actual bill do you think this
will be used primarily against Russian
media from what I understand so in you
and RT that have not been recognized as
true journalists by the French president
and have not been allowed to be part of
the presidential poll and I guess that
you were one of the reasons why that
bill is now being debated but you know
the the bill the dresses take news in
general and again there will be just one
Authority that will define what is fake
news and what is not fake news
so it's like a judge deciding without
listening to the testimony of the
witnesses or to those in the dark
Liberal Democrats they say know best how
to do it it's not a direct quote but
that's the bottom line of what has been
said so they have three types of
countries liberal democracies non
liberal democracies and authoritarian
regimes so they say that liberal
Democrat Liberal Democrats know better
so we'll need to wait and see what
transpires out of it now back to Poland
I think we need to remain balanced to
retain the balance a balanced approach
in relations with Poland we've been
always ready for a pragmatic cooperation
we've always had extensive cultural ties
we've had many festivals cinema
festivals singing contests contests
we've had two joint movie productions
and I think that spoke volumes about the
close relationship between our people
people are not engaged in politics
ordinary people but you're right we are
branded as enemies we don't want to use
the reciprocal approach but we're seeing
that Poland is trying to promote
russophobia as a national idea they are
trying to tear down monuments to Russian
soldiers they say it's their right to
tear them too
but we do have a intergovernmental
agreement too but makes sure that all
monuments are protected and maintained
there are other issues we know what role
Poland plays in NATO or the EU it
counters any proposals on a more
realistic relationship with Russia but
again we are ready for dialogue but for
that a Polish counterparts need to
realize that dialogue has to be a
two-way street
they cannot dictate to us anything based
on the tacit supporter from Washington
and other hoaxer from NATO question from
Belarusian made media though a Russian
public television mr. Lavrov you had a
meeting with your colleague last year
can you describe the work you do
together in terms of visa facilitation
will you be able to complete this
process in time for the World Cup and an
even bigger question as part of these
talks well maybe some other talks have
you discussed certain differences as far
as border control is concerned it's been
about a year but Russia has a full-blown
passport control not just at
international crossings but also at the
Moscow best highway people have their
passports chapped airports and train
stations is there any hope that our
border
which supposedly should not exist which
still does exist will become actually
transparent as our presidents agreed
over 20 years ago if it only depends on
us then yes but in order to make the
border transparent we need to sync our
efforts and it applies to anything if we
talk about the lives of people as part
of our joint state so when Belarusian to
stay in Russian hotels in Russian stay
in Belarusian hotels they should pay the
same amount as the citizen of the
country not hire as foreigners the same
situation should we also apply to spa
resorts so you know there are some
inequalities but but we favor a no
border approach and there be no borders
but we're now facing difficult
situations in terms of terrorist threat
but without any warning for our
Belarusian counterparts said that 80
countries can bring their citizens
without any visas for several days
well that decision confused this
situation a little bit because with some
of the countries we have a visa regime
and we make lengthy checks before we
allow their citizens to moving so there
is a situation when a foreigner would
enter Belarus and then they would move
to Russia without any visa without any
checks so we were forced to do what we
had what we did we warned everyone if
you want to move from Belarus to Russia
and if you're foreigner you have to be
checked and if you're taking a plane
from Valerie's to Russia then you can
only come to an apple where you have an
international custom stone and border
control we don't want any unilateral
action it has to be a two-way street
this is why we said that we need to
harmonize the agreements on visas and
we've made a very good headway on that
Kozlov food BBC mr. Lavrov late last
week the Russian Foreign Ministry
announced that British media prepared a
smear campaign against the World Cup in
Russia could you please give us some
more details about that because we in
the British media know nothing about
that so what exactly did you have in
mind and my second question if I may
there will be a presidential election in
March and there will be a new cabinet
forum so do you have any plans for the
future if you leave your job who do you
think can be the new foreign minister in
Russia thank you thanks for your first
question
Guardian had just recently published a
piece that something is wrong again
and spokes person also reporters on
reported on that as for our March
election we have a constitution fair has
a clear procedure for the government to
be set up and will be comply with that
procedure as for me I've always worked
hard to do what I have been doing this
is my main mission verse is subordinate
Latin American branch spotnik we know
that you've been doing this work as you
know Sputnik is has heavy presence in
this region and we talk to experts we
talk to people there and they want to
have more cooperation with Russia they
say that this is particularly important
today because under the current US
administration relations between Latin
America and the u.s. is not that great
so my question to you is is Russia
interested in working closer together
with Latin America are there any
particular projects that you can mention
as an example we do have interest
and we have a lot of new projects we
have regular summits and we are waiting
the argentinian president and rule eight
latin american teams have made it to the
world cup that will be taking place in
Russia we hope that we'll have vast
delegations that will come and that will
help us to develop our ties in political
economic and cultural areas with
exception of four to five countries we
have a visa-free regime and I'm sure
that in the next two years the entire
cell arc zone will be visa-free for
Russia a visit from the cell arc
delegation 18 months ago we approved a
roadmap to promote our cooperation we
are also working with sub-region
organizations including Alba mecha sewer
ants keeper
the ask other organizations so we do
have very good bilateral relations with
almost all countries our turnover with
Latin America is more than 10 billion US
dollars and that's high-tech products
mainly that's defense products
space including land equipment for Ag
lonna system nuclear energy and other
projects so a lot has been done but
there's still a lot of new projects in
any of the areas and we're also closely
cooperate at the UN with a vast majority
of Latin American countries we have
shared positions on all the UN related
issues we jointly Primeau we jointly
favored respect for UN Charter we try to
push for every conflict to be resolved
the basis of international law and you
know that Latin America has a principle
that is almost a law it's unacceptable
to support any unconstitutional cooze
and that's a key plank that is part of
foreign policy of many Latin American
countries we supported an initiative
when the UN Security when the UN General
Assembly made it a formal principle but
it's unacceptable to support any coos
hello mr. Lavrov a question for a meat
artists
I have two brief questions the first has
to do with the intention of the United
States to meet with the foreign
ministers of Central Asian countries
Central Asian the former Soviet
republics in the 5+1 format what do you
think about this initiative and do you
think that this may be a sign of anti
Russian intentions in their region my
second question has to do with the
global young diplomat forums the first
one took place in Sochi last year what
do you think about the prospects of this
initiative and about the prospects of
setting up the International Association
of young diplomats well we do have a
plan in response to your second question
if young diplomats from other countries
support this would be owned we were only
welcomed this move as for the relations
between the u.s. and Central Asian
countries the u.s. is not the only
country that has been developing Sarah
ties there is a similar platform with
the EU with China possibly with Iran now
back to your question on the US we have
nothing against our s Central Asian
neighbors and partners have a diverse
spectrum of foreign partners but we hope
that this would be done with respect to
the collective security treaty
organization Shanghai Cooperation
Organization EurAsEC and other
commitments
we are aware of the fact that the US
would like to abuse that format were to
exploit for their own agenda the
previous administrations had a big
project for the Grand Central Asia all
the Central Asia projects should be
centered around southern areas like
Afghanistan but they should bypass
Russia if these projects are promoted
during their contacts with our Central
Asian friends then all them all all of
them will see that these attempts are
very much detrimental and they do not
correspond to the interests of
infrastructure interests words of
interest essential Asian partners but
they're only driven by the US foreign
policy interests we pursue a completely
different policy we do not want to
isolate anyone we would like to move to
forward with integration process
gradually and the ultimate goal is to
have everyone working together
AFP mr. Lavrov thank you this is FA P I
would like to go back to the Middle East
regarding the recent statement by
Mahmoud Abbas he said he accused Israel
of putting an end to the Oslo peace deal
and he called the Trump's proposal on
the israeli-palestinian agreement slap
in the face of the century
you know we've commented on this
situation Trump's announcement regarding
moving the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem and we commented even more on
the detrimental effect and the risks
regarding this dead and in the
palestinian-israeli settlement and we
completely understand the emotions that
Palestinians feel today for years
step-by-step they have been making
unilateral concessions without getting
anything in return and like I said they
were ready for direct talks with Israel
without any preconditions and we were
ready to receive them here in Russia
offer Russia as a platform for such
talks but so far we haven't had such
direct contacts without any preliminary
conditions and on the current
circumstances I think chances of this
happening are close to zero which is sad
at the same time we've been hearing for
a few months that the United States was
about to publish a big deal that would
sort out all the problems and make
everybody happy
we haven't seen such document we haven't
seen or heard anything like that
once again the fact that the Palestinian
problem remains unresolved is one of the
biggest factors that help piratical
recruit new members for their movements
future terrorists my Israeli colleagues
used to be offended with me for such
statements but all serious analysts
understand the statistics for the region
at the same time we this should not
discourage us there should not be any
breakdown in context between the two
parties and I really hope that soon we
should be able to have consultations
with our partners within the quartet in
addition to the United States this
include the United Nations and the
European Union and we'll have a
brainstorming session on what we should
do next we cannot allow the situation to
drift in a spontaneous way I hear that
there are ideas in Palestine to dissolve
the National administration the National
Authority and declare Palestine an
occupied territory and leave the
responsibility for the functioning of
this territory for all the systems for
the way people live there put the entire
responsibility on Israel I hope that we
are able to find a way out of the
situation like I said we'll have
consultations with other partners in the
quartet including bilateral contacts
with the United States question from
Pakistan good afternoon
in 2007 Russia and Pakistan had multiple
contacts on fighting terrorism and drug
trafficking and on Afghanistan what
about 2018 what is to be expected you
write saying that we've step up our
efforts fighting terrorism together we
are interested in confronting the
terrorist threat which includes Pakistan
Afghanistan and spills over spills over
the border with Afghanistan we all want
to see this threat neutralized in our
agreement to supply Pakistan with
special equipment including helicopters
for anti-terrorist units is another
indication of how serious we are in
addition to that we also have our
interests in developing Economic
Cooperation of course Pakistan just like
India became a full member of the
Shanghai Cooperation Organization last
year which provides us with additional
opportunities for working together in
many different areas because the SCO is
a structure that on the one hand ensures
a security in our region including
fighting new threats and at the same
time this institution is intended to
develop economic and humanitarian
cooperation so I think Russian Pakistan
ties will also benefit from that
speaking of the SCO and fighting your
extremism I would like to mention that
there was an important document signed
by the leaders of the SCO last year I
mean the Convention on fighting
extremism
this convention sets up a very important
framework including the principle that
it is unacceptable to use terrorist and
extremist groups in the interests of
putting pressure on the sovereign states
we see many examples of that including
Libya when Gaddafi was ousted and such
attempts we also observed them in Syria
so I think this was an important
convention India and Pakistan joined
this convention and in addition to SEO
members we see that other countries are
interested in joining it because it's
open it's not limited to SCO members
only
final question of three final questions
from negatory station Greece it's no
secret that the u.s. is setting up a
helicopter air base and an LNG port in
the northern port of Alexandra this is
the site of possible natural gas hub on
the border between Greece and Turkey it
is perceived as a symbolic attempt to
block strategic energy cooperation
between Russia and the Balkans and
Russia and Turkey and Russia in the
south of Europe could this pressure by
the US
which get machine he is to us to give us
any signal exacerbates Russian Russian
Greek ties and you must know that there
are negotiations on our neighbor and the
name of our neighbors country Macedonia
the Greeks hold a grudge against
Macedonia because most of the land of
that ancient country belongs to Greece
but sort of if the our neighbor has name
like this it's sort of lies territorial
claims to us and you know they've been
like they've been plans that Russia
could have changed Russia we've
recognized Macedonia is the Republic of
Macedonian but if conditions are changed
if there's new compromise as far as gas
is concerned I will already mention that
what the United States does is because
it is afraid of fair competition open
competition because they cannot compete
with us and that's why they use an
affair competition they use political
pressure they want to force European
countries to build infrastructure and
buy gas natural gas from the United
States at a higher price but that's up
to European countries to decide about
that they have to look after their
economic interests if they are willing
to spend more well that's up to them
our projects diversifying gas delivery
routes going to Europe I mentioned
Nordstrom too and the Turkish stream
which can be extended to Europe so far
it's just phase one - for consumers in
Turkey phase two will only be built if
we get ironclad guarantees from the EU
Commission that they will not do the
same thing as they did with the South
Stream pipeline and Bulgaria which by
the way is now willing to take phase two
of the Turkish stream we would be open
to any of those options but as long as
we get ironclad guarantees from the
European Commission of course we've been
following the discussions in the
European Commission because they want to
bring in those new rules to slow down
the Nord Stream project it's a dirty
trick but I think that the economic
nature of this project and support for
it by leading energy companies in
European countries will prevent prevent
those dirty plans from becoming reality
as regards talks or efforts on the name
of Macedonia these efforts have been
somewhat dormant for a number of years
and they only became active when the
United States decided to make Macedonia
John NATO since Greece is already need a
member
you don't need concessions it's
Macedonia that needs consensual
concessions which they want to make part
of NATO so no matter what name you agree
on Greece and Macedonia for the former
Yugoslavian Republic of Macedonia if an
official decision is made which is
reflected in the Macedonian Constitution
everybody would recognize that but I
think everybody understands what's the
essence of the process that's going on
it's not about taking into account the
specific nature of these two neighboring
countries the point is is just making
one of these two countries a NATO member
Antonov Dutch TV station last year two
Russian citizens Turkana and demands of
a lot nee were captured in Syria and
there was video evidence there were
Russian citizens and my our TV station
talked to relatives of one of the
captured and those his parents sent
requests to every Russian official
agency but no one told them anything
someone from the Defense Ministry said
that the possibly this data is
classified so formally they were not
servicemen and probably was just banking
private company that they were fighting
for the work they were working for could
you please share anything on this and
could you also talk about any other
Russian private companies that are
fighting else
where I don't have anything to add to
what you said we are aware of the
reports you mentioned we whenever there
is a Russian person no matter which
country they're in if there is a report
that the Russian person is missing or is
in trouble
we work on that you mentioned two
Russian citizens their whereabouts are
unknown so it is first and foremost on
military that try to locate them so as
soon as we have some information we'll
share it with you as for other countries
yes such practice does exist
in many countries this happened in rock
and in other countries in the same
region where the company Blackwater
worked and later its name was changed to
something else I think there is a need
for a clear regulation for these people
need to be protected legally
Adam got to ski this year Japanese Prime
Minister Arbor will visit Russia and you
will go to Tokyo we had a question from
BBC but what about you are you planning
to visit Japan and what is your mission
what possible agreements or documents
will be signed when will this meeting
take place in Tokyo before the March
election or after the presidential
election just recently we have
encountered new problems
that's the deployment of the new system
in Japan it's the anti a missile defense
and they say that if our Japanese
authorities say that it's different from
the one installed in Korea and the one
installed in Europe and it's Japan that
controls this entire missile system that
it's not part of the u.s. global
anti-missile system they also said that
it's not possible to use tomahawks in
this system what is Russia's response to
it good things first yes we are looking
forward to Prime Minister Abe's visit to
Russia we have an agreement for the
foreign ministers to meet in the run-up
to this visit and the ministers the data
of the ministers meeting will be
determined later
at a time that is good for both parties
as for our specific plans the Prime
Minister and the persons will look into
the implementation of the agreement on
joint economic development of disputed
territories we have five areas that we
focus on it's a limited scale project
but we hope that we will add some other
industries to this project and then
deputy foreign ministers have been
working on that we are happy that the
2+2 talks have been resumed between the
foreign ministers and the defense
ministers the chief of for the Russian
general staff mr. garre's MA visited
Tokyo recently and prior to that
commander of the Army in general
sorrowful frontier and there was a
meeting of the bilateral Commission and
simultaneously my colleague mr. Tarek
andhe visited Moscow and we had talks
here so now we'll set a date for a new
meeting like I said economic cooperation
apart from joint economic development on
the islands has been going quite well
you know we have Japanese investors in
Russia Japanese banks provided a serious
amount of money in loans for the Yamal
LNG project and this long-term
investment adds stability to our
cooperation humanitarian contacts as
always have been strong
in addition to annual Russian culture
festival last year we had cultural
seasons and we are quite happy with what
we've been doing in our interaction with
Japan we would like to coordinate closer
on the international arena we discussed
this during our 2+2 meetings and of
course we would like Japan to be more
independent when discussing key
international issues in international
organizations the missile defense issue
is a dark cloud in our relations let me
be frank about that we talked to our
Japanese partners they offered all those
arguments they said that this Aegis a
system that will be deployed in Japan is
different from what South Korea has and
what they have in Europe we don't have
this data what the data we have
indicates that said that the system to
be deployed deployed in Japan uses
Universal launchers which can use strike
missiles
we heard that supposedly Japan will
control the system the United States
will not have any control over the
system but we still have our doubts
about that and as part of our security
dialogue between the secretaries of the
security council's of Russia and Japan
we would like to receive more
substantial assurances on that we are
not aware of any cases anywhere around
the globe where the United States would
deploy its weapons and then would hand
over control over those weapons to the
host country
and I really doubt that the United
States will make an exception in the
case of Japan but like I said we are
open dialogue and we would like to have
a dialogue on missile defense
something that we suggested 11 years ago
we want to start this we want all of us
to see clearly that these missile
defense systems we have a number of
questions on what the United States does
in this regard we don't want those
systems to destabilize the international
system so far our us partners just like
under the Obama administration and the
Bush administration before him just tell
us that those system will not be used
against us and we should not be worried
but we have lots of evidence showing
that this is not true Estonian
television Estonian newspaper mr. Lavrov
in 2014 signed an agreement on the
border with Estonian in with your
counterpart and the first reading on
that document took place in 2015 by the
Estonian Parliament you know there was
an arrangement that the ratification
process will take place in sync
Estonia have been waiting for two years
for the first reading on that agreement
the Russian parliament and in 2015 there
was a meeting and you promised that the
Parliament will start its process soon
soon is when well there is some
background to this story we first signed
this treaty in 2005 and they we made a
commitment to ratify this treaty without
any
politicized habits yet the Estonian
Parliament ratified this treaty and
added to the ratification treaty
reference to the Tartu agreement which
openly states that their territorial
claims to Russia remain this is
violation of the this was a violation of
the commitments made by my colleague so
then we revoked our signature under this
treaty and we said guys when you
reconsider your package of documents and
when you remove this reference to the
Tartu agreement we will be able to
restart those dogs and sign this treaty
and new eventually this happened and we
did sign this new treaty and once again
we need an agreement that the process
will be synchronized you're right about
that but you mentioned the number one
condition and number one condition was
that there will be non confrontational
atmosphere between the ruling elites in
both countries we maintained our part of
the deal we did not launch any attacks
against Estonia just like in the past
but the Estonian government did not show
such restraint on the contrary the
rhetoric was extremely responding and we
said openly that our Parliament our
people would not understand us if we
promote this treaty in such an
environment at the same time
Paulito sure that the border is there
and the treaty will sooner or later be
ratified
nobody questions this border but for the
treaty to go into effect and for us to
go back to normal life what you should
do is stop being one of the three or
four most active countries in the NATO
and in the European Union promoting rusa
phobia like I said we have very good
relations with the people of Estonia our
our peoples our friends and politicians
should be guided by this not by some
short-term political goals reflecting
geopolitical interests of other
countries but by the interests of their
people thank you
