they fall out over highly disparaging
remarks that Donald Trump reportedly
made about Haiti El Salvador and the
African nations continues to grow during
around 2:00 in the Oval Office the
president allegedly branded them in
cruder terms second-rate countries and
the some appointed I to make matters
worse the timing was particularly
unfortunate Trump's former election
rival Hillary Clinton drew attention to
the fact that the comments came on the
eight year anniversary of a devastating
earthquake in Haiti which killed more
than 200,000 people one CNN anchor also
became quite emotional in his response
to Trump's remarks you shouldn't slap
your hand hard when they shake it they
look you in the eye
they don't blink they stand tall and
they have dignity
it's a dignity many in this White House
could learn from it's a dignity the
president with all his money and all his
power could learn from as well well even
before being hit by the earthquake those
eight years ago which also severely
damaged the country's infrastructure and
left it unable to provide many basic
services Haiti has been blighted by
hundreds of years of hardship after
gaining independence from France at the
beginning of the 1800s it took the u.s.
almost 60 years to acknowledge its
independence and during that time it
imposed the trade embargo on Haiti which
was already struggling with enormous
debts demanded by France in the 20th
century Haiti was also occupied by US
Marines for almost two decades so as to
protect Washington's economic interests
Washington also gave hundreds of
millions in aid to the brutal regime of
jean-claude Duvalier and intervened
twice militarily African affairs expert
IO Johnson thinks Trump overlooked the
United States role in shaping the
countries he criticized many of the
problems that the Haitians are
experiencing in their own country stems
from many of the confusion that the US
has imposed on that country in that is
that taking control of the country
imposing sanctions or actually the the
effect that some of the companies have
had on the Haitian people and of course
and many of their practices were not in
the interest of the local population and
local industry so I think the US if it's
if it expresses in those terms
that the Haitians like many other
Africans are a basket case clearly he's
misunderstood the fact that many of the
ills many of the problems that these
countries are facing to an extent come
from American Indians
