tech giant Tesla lost around one and a
half billion dollars only overnight
after founder Elon Musk was accused of
fraud by the US Securities and Exchange
Commission clearly Elon made a mistake
Elon is obviously one of the great
entrepreneurs of our generation they
make hold themselves wildly successful
but they've never made a profit without
any sort of real knowledge the port
backs up what some probably should get a
little more sleep and probably should be
a little more careful before he tweets
nothing wrong with the automobiles
they're fine but the business is an
unmitigated disaster well in a tweet
dated August the 7th Elon Musk announced
he was considering taking Tesla private
and proposed the share price of a four
hundred and twenty dollars per share
saying that he had secured sufficient
funding the SEC claims that this caused
significant market confusion and
disruption it also picked up on another
possible link we allege that musk had
arrived at the price of four hundred and
twenty dollars by assuming a twenty
percent premium of Tesla's then-existing
share price and then rounding up to four
hundred and twenty because of the
significance of that number in marijuana
culture and his belief that his
girlfriend would be amused by it well
just going through some of the figures
as we can see here it's quite evident
the Tesla stock has been falling since
early August when and must posted his
tweet shares worth three hundred and
eighty dollars on Thursday the company's
stock closed at two hundred and sixty
seven dollars per share after the SEC
accused musk of fraud if the odds are
probably in your favor you should make
as many decisions as possible within the
bounds of what is executable this is
like being the house in Vegas
probability is the most powerful force
in the universe which is why the house
always wins
be the house these stock exchange
Commissioner it's going to actually look
at whether this was within the rules
instead of the regulations around
reporting markets and civil
Meishan which is strictly not the way it
should be done but also I think they're
going to be most horrified at the lack
of clarity and possibly accuracy because
some time later it was found that they
weren't going to be going private so
he's got a lot of questions to answer
here in the case of mr. musk he's
obviously a very well-known charismatic
personality but there is a some concern
that he's a little bit erratic and some
of the announcements that he's made
either in relation to the firm or a
recent tweet that he made about a cave
diver are somewhat erratic and not what
you would expect from the sort of stable
management that most companies require
you
