bitcoins Valley has plunged thirteen and
a half percent after South Korean
officials said they're planning to ban
cryptocurrency trading there are great
concerns regarding virtual currencies
and the Justice Ministry is basically
preparing a bill to banned crypto
currency trading through exchanges now
the fall in Bitcoin means it's dropped
to its lowest level since the new year
the highest value so far this year was
reached on the 7th of January when it
hits 17,000 dollars
we spoke to economics professor at
Kingston University Steve Keen he thinks
but coin was only created for
speculators it's perfectly designed for
speculation it's very very badly
designed for money now once people can
see the speculation deleted down as well
as up then all this left is it's used as
a form of money and I don't believe it
has that capability so I think the
downside is a damn sight larger than the
upside the actual concept of having a an
algorithm replacing having a trusted
third party for transactions can work if
the transaction is going to occur at the
speed we need which is something of the
order of you know a hundred thousand or
more transactions per second so I know
there are some crypto currencies that
are working in that direction
there are even blockchain technologies
that don't use a crypto currency they
use existing currencies that enable you
make the transactions through the
algorithm rather than through a banking
system so one of those more than one
more likely is going to survive but I
don't think Bitcoin is going to be the
one that does
