now there's allegedly a rift between two
of the biggest organizations in the
world of sports the International
Olympic Committee and the world
anti-doping agency leaked emails suggest
American officials were seeking water's
independence from Olympic Chiefs so that
they could unilaterally apply sanctions
parties Jacqueline Berger joins me in
the studio now to tell us more about
this so he thanks for coming in again
what new revelations have these leaks
brought forth
well these emails leaked by the fantasy
bears hacking group allegedly from
officials in the IOC seem to show
incredibly high tensions between
International Olympics Committee
officials and wada and by extension also
Richard McClaren whose reports on
alleged doping across Russian sport
started all this back in 2016 of course
so where is the bad blood coming from
between these two organizations well
according to the emails it looks like
wada is pushing back against the IOC
reportedly wada at one point was
actually making attempts to withdraw
from ioc jurisdiction mean they could
both test and punish athletes that they
found to be guilty of any sort of doping
violations and apparently the IOC was
strongly against the idea of wada become
becoming jury judge and executioner on
that front and an email about a meeting
where such a move was discussed detailed
mistrust and tension aimed at IOC
members and it goes on from there
there's another email from the IOC s
director-general to Richard McClaren
reportedly showing that the IOC was
baffled by statements that McLaren had
been making to the press saying that the
IOC leadership had not gotten in touch
with him at all according to the IOC
that's just 100% false and they claimed
to every Chow to him a number of times
offering help and actually seeking
further cooperation with him and if
that's true it becomes a question of why
was McLaren making these statements what
was the motivation behind that why would
he make false statements about what was
happening between wada his investigation
and the IOC now we're talking about the
IOC we're talking about what they were
talking about McLaren I'm going to
assume Russia comes into this somewhere
yes that's one of the really interesting
bits according to an email allegedly
written by IOC officials in response to
McClaren's reports they believe that
those reports had a very very specific
aim let's take a listen to an excerpt a
further problem was
created by your report seemingly being
used to try and justify total ban on the
complete Russian Olympic team from the
Rio games and the Pyeongchang games when
in fact the International Olympic
Committee and the International sports
federations are were simply not of the
view that a collective punishment should
be or should have been imposed upon all
Russian athletes so there we have the
IOC concluding that the McLaren reports
goal was to achieve a blanket ban
against the Russian team and the email
goes on to say that that was something
specifically that the IOC was against
that they wanted to be able to go after
individual athletes found to have been
using doping but wha to force them into
a corner and put them on the path of
getting the blanket bans and it also
further lamented the lack of cooperation
between the two organizations and it
really shows a potentially disturbing
divide between those two huge
anti-doping organizations indeed well
thanks for breaking that down for a
society's Jacqueline Vega thanks for
coming in now we discussed Richard
MacLaren's role in the alleged scandal
with Alan Moore a sports radio host at
Moscow's Capital FM I don't think he had
any malice or a bad intention of trying
to take all like no deter to rubbish
Russia but a lot of what he said
including saying that like those
state-sponsored one states ruined state
into it Russia was immediately guilty he
used that and afterwards he said oh well
you know it's just language but
languages we know was very very powerful
and that's what they used to destroy
Russia and is prevented by a blanket ban
which the IOC themselves didn't want
it's set back to fight against doping by
5-10 years because now everyone get away
with it and they say oh well the
Russians are worse it's just kind of
like a divide in the anti-doping world
oh we sure you recall the anti-doping
business because it is big business a
huge money you know you have water which
oversees or supposedly oversees all
anti-doping efforts in sports in the
world
and on the other side then you've got
this new kind of breakaway group called
I nod OH
who which is led by the nose by Osada
which the US anti-doping waterwalk we
had to take over IOC but actors within I
nod oh and the US Olympic Committee they
would like to take over water and then
through that back door take over
you'll see
