it's crunch time for Germany's two
largest parties as they try to hammer
out a deal to form a coalition
government on the final day of talks
here's what the two party leaders had to
say before they got down to business
how about skip bigger bargain there are
big chunks we still have to clear out of
the way and I'm sure this will take all
day there are still large chunks which
have to be cleared out of the way it
will be a tough day for more let's cross
live to artis at Charlotte Dubinsky hi
Charlotte are people expecting a
coalition to be announced before the day
is up well there is of course more than
a hundred days since the German people
went to the elections and since then
Angela Merkel has been unable to form a
coalition many people are watching the
Chancellor she's under pressure now
people saying this is her last chance
saloon to do that with the SPD that's
because the talks with alpha coalition
with smaller parties have already failed
now Angela Merkel went into these
discussions saying that her party was
ready for compromise if it was in the
interest of the German people
but Martin Schultz the leader of the SPD
has stressed that there has to be change
Viviane aneurysm left intact on the last
day of exploratory talks we will make
clear that above all this must be a new
start for the European Union if we join
a government it will be on the condition
that it makes Europe strong well there
are big divisions between the parties
including Europe and the military but
probably the most tricky division is
that over the subject of refugees and
migrants of course the SDP and the
cdu/csu coalition had in the past
welcomed more than a million migrants
into Germany but the conservative side
Merkel's party say that they wanted to
stem that flow and halt
the families of asylum seekers in
Germany coming to Germany but the SPD
has said that it wants those family
members to be able to come here to
Germany and it certainly feels that it
is in a very strong position in these
exploratory talks they are exploratory
talks there is a chance
they could be extended if there is no
resolution on Thursday there's also the
chance that Angela Merkel could decide
to leave them herself and form a
minority government although that is
seen as unlikely but if there is an
agreement that talk should take place
over a coalition that will not happen
tomorrow and there is the chance that
any talks in the future could still
break down and the German people could
be forced to go to the polls yet again
thanks for that Charlotte that starting
solid Dubinsky speaking to is live from
Berlin where the crunch talks are taking
place as we speak now while Germany
watches the coalition talked closely a
group of researchers from Dusseldorf
University have found that there's a
link between a politician's appearance
and the votes they get they ask people
to rate different German politicians
from zero unattractive to six very
attractive and here are the scores
you
