no I can't find a yeah appropriate nose
hair clipper remember the South of
France through customs they stalled Elin
Oh
welcome to the Kaiser report I'm Max
Keiser today we're going to be covering
some interesting things Steve well max
in the second half we have a special
with Jim Rickards we were in New York in
December as you remember during
Christmas we had an interview with him
but we did a little extra so before I
talk about Bitcoin because I know that
might trigger him we're gonna talk a
little bit about gold just to remind
everybody just briefly that I've gone
long gold for 2018 I believe we're gonna
see a few good up years it's been very
boring for the past four years where
it's been trading in a tedious range
especially if you're a Bitcoin investor
which has been parabolic and exciting so
just so you know I've gone along gold
and gold miners and so far they're doing
pretty well that's fantastic news you
know I think you're gonna be up really
nicely versus the price of let's say
copper or some industrial metal or maybe
you know Christmas trees in crypto terms
it'll be like you're dead
but you know in other terms it'll be
exciting
well yes Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies
are exciting but the other thing that I
think is happening is not only will the
tax cuts they will benefit us but they
will not benefit to the budget deficit
and the national debt also you have the
fact that the you know the stock
market's going to 2018 at some of the
most overvalued numbers in the history
of stock markets so I reckon that
obviously markets can remain it more
irrational than anybody could remain
solvent short betting against it but I
think should there be a spectacular bust
I think even with you know even though
the Fed has raised interest rates a
little tiny bit I think there's there's
little that's going to be available to
combat the crash that does come if it
does come in 2018 or 2019 and I think
therefore it's probably quite wise to
honk oh that's my opinion that's why a
couple of points there so I picked up on
was the debt
you mentioned debt is rising and gold
tends to track the rise of debt you know
it hasn't the last few years it's been
stuck in kind of a bearish trend as
compared to some other stuff but if it
catches up to the debt chart you know if
you overlay those two you know you can
easily get to twenty four twenty five
hundred on gold and that would bring it
back to kind of a normalized price
action versus the amount of debt in the
system I agree with you there so that's
like a almost 100% move from here
and of course silver being it's crazy
uncle would mean you know silver at
fifty sixty seventy dollars an ounce you
know that would be a big bang for the
silver buck for sure I'm not any doubt
about that now speaking of sort of debt
economies overloaded with debt you had
the bubble of Japan from what 1987-88
when it started to crash 89 keeping
track and so it's still you know what
the stock market they're still 25% below
that peak in 1989 so however it's you
know I said what three decades lost in
lost decades they're looking forward to
possibly bitcoin actually finally
boosting GDP their Bitcoin could boost
Japan's GDP Nomura
analysts say Japan's Bitcoin craze could
help the country's economic growth
research analysts at Nomura instant said
we estimate the wealth effect from
unrealized gains on Bitcoin trading by
Japanese investors since the start of
2017 and estimate a potential boost to
consumer spending of between twenty
three point two billion yen and ninety
six billion yen which is about two
hundred and six million to eight hundred
and fifty five million I think that's a
you know it's something like point three
point three percentage points they would
add to GDP remember the Japanese are
some of the biggest forex traders in the
world well this is an amazing story
because now we're seeing real
geopolitical impact of
coin on a g20 country at g7 country
Japan actually the spending power that
comes with the rise in Bitcoin and the
millions of people that were buying it
in Japan the multi-billion dollars that
they've appreciated in value is causing
a genuine effect in their economy and
this is going to be the year 2018 where
a Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies have this
geopolitical influence you've got the
Central Bank of Ghana who is allegedly
we're going to get more on Twitter it
might not be real gonna dig into this
I'm reaching out to my contacts in Ghana
to get some kind of people on the show
to talk about this but they're adding to
their central bank certainly for a fact
we know that Bulgaria has 3 billion
dollars worth of Bitcoin and that's
because if they have some bad guys there
a lot of the you know the online hackers
and and you know scam artists this sort
of Nigerian prince scam artists a lot of
it goes through there the people of
Venezuela I've been you know using
Bitcoin as a savior as a lifeline
because their currency went into
hyperinflation Airy collapse so there's
four countries right there that are in
some process of getting more involved on
a geopolitical level in into Bitcoin and
of course they're gonna be buying that
for their central banks and the
sovereign wealth funds will be buying it
as well plus hedge funds and you know
you get to twenty eight thousand and
twenty eighteen as a reasonable price
target pretty quickly
so I mean these could be issues that
basically negate my bet on gold because
I'm betting that the stock markets will
crash if the economy starts booming
especially in Japan which has been dead
for so long you know it could it could
be a change my thesis but right now I
feel like it will crash and here's some
data so going into the first quarter of
2018 moreover the fact that the rise in
Bitcoin prices was concentrated in 2017
q4 could result in the wealth effect
materializing in 2018 q1 the first
quarter of 2018 and if that is the case
we estimate a potential boost to real
GDP growth on an annualized
quarter-on-quarter basis of up to about
0.3 percentage points and on top of that
I want to say the fourth quarter of the
US GDP I think December is going to show
a real shocking amount of
spending on durable goods and investment
by companies capex I know for a fact
that I did that because once the you
know the the tax cuts came in at the end
of December
you know you're right offs your
deductibles like are way higher for 2017
so if you could jam in as much capex and
2017 you're gonna be able to write off
far more of it than you are in 2018 so I
know I bought our a lot of equipment
computers and stuff that we need for the
kaisers report in our other productions
so I think we're gonna have a surprise
and how much further this market rally
might be able to go mm-hmm well that's
an interesting analysis you know to
further look at the price of gold action
and what am i doing 2018 I've been
saying for a while that the Bitcoin is a
shin high per Bitcoin ization of the
global economy will put a dent in the
machinery on Wall Street to suppress the
price of gold as we've seen them do for
a number of years and that will free up
a path for gold to move higher as well
no more their analysis shows that the
Japanese hold 3.7 million Bitcoin which
would equate to about twenty eight point
five billion dollars that they exchange
rates that day at that moment that they
did this analysis sure well it's sound
money and it's money that is pushing out
all the junk money all the fiat money
the fiat money world is collapsing the
US dollars in a hyperinflationary
collapse against bitcoin and fiat money
is headed today you know they tried it
in 1971 they went off the gold standard
effectively and we went into a period
that's never been tried before of every
single currency in the world referencing
each other with no buttress without any
balance without any reference commodity
to give that any kind of reasonable
foundations and they failed so the other
trend I see for 2018 is the real Bitcoin
companies coming to the market and the
exposure of these kind of fake hysteria
a lot of people there there is kind of a
DEP calm like craze around Bitcoin
people have
no understanding they're just throwing
money at all sorts of stuff all sorts of
junk that they have no idea what it is
one of them is CEO of soaring blockchain
stock sells about eight hundred and
seventy thousand dollars worth of the
shares the head of a small biotech
company turned crypto has made hundreds
of thousands of dollars in stock sales
already John O'Rourke president CEO and
chairman of Riot blockchain disclosed
and of filing with a US Securities and
Exchange question that he sold thirty
thousand three hundred and eighty-three
shares at a weighted average price of
twenty eight dollars and 61 cents
remember the stock of this company
called riah blockchain it used to be a
biotech company they it's soared by six
hundred percent once they changed their
name to blockchain and and their um
their nasdaq stock symbol to riot from
like bio p but the the fact is that this
company riot lists three blockchain
investments on his website a canadian
digital currency exchange called point
square a cryptocurrency accounting firm
called verity and test pay which is
planning to apply blockchain technology
to telecom payments so not very big
companies in the space and the the value
of his company is that two hundred and
seventy million in december just because
he changed his name to blockchain can we
talk about hooters you could talk about
hooters yeah that's a company here in
the united states which is um as the
name suggests it's like a rush it was a
restaurant chain it kind of went out of
favor because of all this whole hashtag
me too and women's rights becoming a
little bit more our prominence and
Hooters was a chain of where you go and
large breasted women serve you beer and
food yes that's the concept of fooders
and one of the companies that owns a lot
of Hooters restaurants that's publicly
listed introduced a crypto same yeah
they announced I would start they would
have their own crypto or crypto or
something and the stock skyrocketed
based on based on the a lot of you know
what happened was the stock kind of went
you know reacted a lot of way men react
when they go to Hooters yes
well I think those sort of things it
shows that there's a demand for some
sort of investment part of the problem
is that there's the ICO so Allah
of the big names the sort of
cryptographers and engineers and anybody
who could devise a real cryptocurrency
or a real blockchain you know there's no
real incentive for them to go to the
public markets they just would rather do
an IC o---- because they don't have to
give up equity then in a way so I think
this is the problem is that for any
ordinary investor who doesn't know the
world of crypto and know how to get an
ether wallet and get these tokens they
go to the stock market looking for
anything and all you have to do is
change your name to blockchain and a lot
of people can get scammed that way
because those are not what does it
harken back to the dot-com era where
companies put calm in their name and the
valuations went up dramatically that
that's true there seems to be a lot of
this plagiarism going on where you just
say oh the blockchain
oh I'm its crypto and you have an
immediate response to the marketplace I
I mean are we talking a lot about gold
because in the second half we got Jim
Rickards and it's kind of a sympathy
chat about gold just to make Jim's calls
and no gold song talking my book it's
called talking my mother talking your
book so your book you're a gold person
and silver I would imagine well I
actually over the Christmas break I
spoke to about - I heard of two
different Bitcoin whales who are going
along gold as well oh so I think really
yeah yeah yeah so I think this is a kind
of okay that's fascinating well we got
to take a break when we come back it's
Jim Rickards
don't go any much more coming your way
so stay right here at the cars report on
Rt
welcome back to the connoisseur report
time now to go to the one the only the
prolific author the trend seer the
forecasts are unparalleled gym records
good with you max welcome to 2018 thank
you alright are you enjoying it so far
so far so good but I will see how it
ends up it could be the year of living
dangerously all right so let's get
through some questions here because you
are without a doubt got your finger on
the pulse in terms of trends and the
intersection between markets and other
things and so your good guy to talk to
you about what we may be seeing in the
next year or two
now one trend obviously it's artificial
intelligence you've got a boom you know
with the self-driving cars chat BOTS
apps what's happening ai how big a
market is it where it's going well I
mean it's potentially unlimited this is
a RS now where what we call third third
way of third-generation AI so the first
generation was kind of a big data and
simple algorithms a second generation
was was deep learning where the machine
could teach itself but its output would
become input that would basically expand
the capability machine third wave is now
building these fuzzy cognitive networks
and getting inputs from other sources
particularly IBM's Watson machine which
is that it's not it's not the fastest
computer but it's the fastest computer
that can read the volume of plain
language that it does in eight different
languages so now it's like having a
thousand analysts working 24 hours a day
actually maybe 10,000 analyst you can't
replicate that in with with humans but
you can do with machines so now that can
they bring that amount of data and with
meaning the machine learning combined
with the original big data and the
algorithms is very powerful for a punk
band Fozzy cognitive network yeah FC
playing instruments I don't my children
are temporary I probably wouldn't be
able to keep the beat you know sir okay
let's ask about what this does to the
workforce because obviously if you have
self-driving cars and truck drivers for
example is a huge workforce in America
we're bringing in self-driving trucks
what happens to the workforce I think
there are structural problems with the
workforce that had nothing to do with
technology and what we're talking about
they do have to do with education and
training
the opioid crisis there there are a lot
of profit a lot of structural headwinds
but as far as this technology is
concerned it doesn't displace as many
people as a lot of people think for
example let's say you're your nurse's
aide and there's certain tasks that you
do and you can automate those it doesn't
mean you get rid of the nurse's aide it
just means the nurse's aide has more
time for sort of you know more personal
care other kinds of observations etc so
you know the computer keeps getting
better and the a keeps getting better so
the quality of the care goes up it
doesn't mean that person doesn't have a
job it just means that they might you
know pivot a little bit or have
different skills that the Machine can't
match so I don't see a display look at
an Amazon warehouse that's ten thousand
robots those aren't people those are
robots well a lot of drivers out there
and there are people in those warehouses
and they're working pretty hard so
you're right about you think it's
overstated yes you're right about the
robotics and the automation you're
absolutely right about that but it's not
displacing as many jobs as you suggest
is actually making those jobs more
productive there are however there are
structural problems in the workforce but
I don't think it comes from robots as I
say it comes from education or lack of
education a lack of opportunity lack of
labor mobility bad tax policy and I
would not underestimate the impact of
the opioid you've mentioned the opioid
crisis what's going on there Jim what do
you mean the opium I think it's been
very well covered but but the point is
this this addiction is very widespread
so if you're serious added you can't
hold a job if you're recovering addict
you might not be able to get a job or if
you're a closet attic you might be on
the job and performing dangerously and
that affects productivity
it also affects there all these not
sublime for the elpida crisis the the
big drug companies and the doctors and
the pharmacies that all played along
with its tens of billions of dollars of
profits have been made I mean it's just
a really simple example so you get some
you know you get some oil so what
penalty should be found we know we know
what's it how do you how do you address
that what do you did well we actually
have a pretty good civil tort system in
this country so this is going to play
out like the tobacco crisis these
companies no friends with some of the
big class-action lawyers and they're
they're circling the wagons okay another
so you like technology yes you're a big
technology fan your markets
I like market I like market solar
technology I like technology in markets
so all the above
so wary of some of the some of the
downsides well what about the these do
Bitcoin features you there Bitcoin
futures yes a Bitcoin has popped over
the the Wall Street divide they've got
Bitcoin futures you know Jamie Dimon has
come out you know that's a fraud you're
taking the same positions Jamie Dimon
which I know you must love that well
I've got a it's a fraud upon Z and the
mania all at the same time okay but the
the futures contracts what is the is
walk us through then if the wall street
hates Bitcoin some of it does I think
that Wall Street like same thing that
makes money and their futures make my
yeah see the the Bitcoin crowd when they
saw that the Chicago Board Options
Exchange and CMA we're listening Bitcoin
futures they see this validated blah
blah blah that's not true they're out to
make money fulfilling prophecy in other
words it's its own it's its own prophecy
the starts trading Bitcoin futures
people are now paying their employees
and Bitcoin you know this so it's
becoming a unit of account it's becoming
a currency in this way and it doesn't it
you're in analytics and data Meister
don't use do you see in your work how
this could transform the global markets
as we know it well I was I was very
privileged to to meet the man who came
up with the phrase self-fulfilling
prophecy Robert K Merton probably
greater sociologist of the 20th century
if there if there were Nobel Prize in
sociology which there isn't he would
have wanted handsome capital management
I work I met Robert K Merton as a
professor emeritus of Columbia but his
son Robert C Merton who did win the
Nobel Prize was one of our partners
that's how I met his father so he came
up with a self-fulfilling prophecy but
the point is it can be good or bad a
bank run is a self-fulfilling prophecy
the corn prices going up is a
self-fulfilling prophecy Bitcoin prices
going to $200 can be a self-fulfilling
prophecy it's basically you know crowd
behavior cascades what's called an icing
hyper synchronous the one sometimes it
becomes the new the new reality in the
new norm you know the printing press for
example was a great little technology at
the time and your beloved Catholic
Church was kinda like wiped out
a lot of ways because of the printing
press oh the Catholic Church is stronger
than ever but but here's the thing that
the printing press is the perfect analog
because this is where Bitcoin fans let's
call them really confuse the public you
have to separate the coin in the
technology the printing presses the
technology a printing press can produce
a Bible or it can produce pornography so
one's good ones bad but they all come
off the same printing but you need paper
and the press so I think the blockchain
and the validation of the chain through
the coin are Power pursue they are
interlinked they are one it is the
Father Son and Holy Ghost if you will of
the movement that is this currency no I
would say that bitcoin is a currency not
I'll agree it's the kind of currency it
depends on the block you block chain has
a future Bitcoin does not by the way
with regard to the Bitcoin future is a
very interesting point I noticed the
other day that they the price on Bitcoin
for Bitcoin futures are cash settles
there's no actual Bitcoin about just
people making bets in you get a cash
payoff okay so it's like going to the
racetrack but the Bitcoin futures there
was a huge divergence to the Bitcoin
price listed on the exchanges that's
rare because there's an arbitrage
opportunity there it's the oldest trade
the book when that happens you sell the
future you buy the physical the fact
that that was not converging tells me
there's no liquidity in the physical
because otherwise you couldn't do the
trade at this time it's a new market and
we're certainly seeing some some big
growth in that market let's talk a
little geopolitics err so North Korea
2018 hot zone what's going on yeah hot
sir a very high probability of ward now
there's you know we'll probably get past
the Olympics there are some channels
being opened up between North Korea and
the United States and that's a good
thing but you they're really only two
two out well they're three outcomes one
is Kim jong-un gets assassinated
there's regime change we probably only
do that with the help of the Chinese
pretty clear the Chinese are not on
board so I give that maybe a 20%
probability but you can't make it zero
so the other two properties one is Kim
jong-un stands down he verifiably
voluntarily gives up his weapons
development programs invites an
inspectors etc I give that maybe a 10%
chance he's not going to do it he might
pretend but he's been lying for 25 years
you know that this has been dumped in
Trump's lap it's really the fault of
Clinton Bush and Obama how do you rate
Tillerson
I like toasting I think it's doing a
good job under difficult circumstances I
know he's kind of you know knock says
who the president a little bit but I
personally read him very highly I think
he's think he's the right man for the
job may well you're the CEO of Exxon you
are the Secretary of State in some ways
I mean he goes around meets heads of
state and considers diplomacy they have
their own security intelligence security
apparatus in size to the US government
probably better in some ways right let's
talk about gold ok Gold of course
getting back to you know before Bitcoin
people use gold and but it's still
around
Russia's buying a lot of gold right so
there's huge geopolitics still going on
you were one of the first guys to come
out and say identified that a country
like Russia by buying lots of gold is
giving themselves some strategic
advantages going forward because if we
have a collapse in the current monetary
system fiat currency system and we go
back to something ik waiting to a gold
standard Russia and other countries
China are gonna be in good good good
shape what's the update on that well
véra knob Yelena is the head of the
central bank of Russia's my favourite
central banker in the world think he's
really smart doing a lot of a lot of
things right but what was interesting is
that the beginning in the middle of 2014
through the beginning of 2017 of course
the price of world collapsed went from
about $100 a barrel low of about 25 now
it's you know up around a little bit
close to 60 but still at collapse and
where it was Russia's reserves in round
numbers went from about 500 billion
dollars to 300 billion dollars so that's
a 40 percent decline in the reserves
during that entire time
she kept buying gold she never sold an
ounce ago she sold euros she sold
dollars she sold Treasuries did whatever
she had to do but they kept buying also
they're impressed with that's a smart
move I the metric I use is Russia's
closing in on 2000 tons us as 8,000
times approximately say that US is four
times bigger but the US economy is 12
times bigger so if you look at the gold
to GDP ratio which is how I measure it
twice Russia's twice as strong as the
United States such as Russia it's also
go to GDP and Russia's double the US
which is a source of strength say
China's not there yet because their
economy is much larger but they're
acquiring gold why do they
some letter trade freely there was you
know hand-wringing about although the
ruble is dying is crashing
but that's are not to be a good move
well that they've allowed the the oval
trade pretty freely but they they're
doing it with a good central banker this
isn't the 90s this is in Yeltsin when
you know the ruble collapse they're
actually they have much better central
bank management today and as I say
they're in much stronger gold position
but we talked earlier in one of her
interviews about Russia and China and
others working on a distributed ledger
technology basically a coin not Bitcoin
but but some tokens some digital coin
with every encryption etc that they
could use to make payments between it
among themselves settle balance of
payments bypass the IMF bypass the Swiss
called ripple okay ripple is a coin he
is in banks right now move value all
across the world it's a it's a pre mind
coin yeah they're likely they're likely
to develop their own coin but be that as
it may
using the tribulation technology but the
point is they're combining the old and
the new gold is one of the oldest forms
of money if not the oldest form of money
digital cryptocurrencies are the newest
form of money they'll actually be using
both gold force worthless source of
strength digital crypto currencies for
convenience and ease of payment and then
you know I warned my colleagues who
they're always like used to our
sanctions use dollar sanctions and be
careful to wish where they do work in
the short run but they're going to force
people to do that and that's happened
put you on the spot quickly you have a
number for gold in 2018 or it's at it
it's higher I think we're sure we gotta
go
thank you all right well that's gonna do
it for this edition of the kaisers
report with me Max Keiser and Stacy
Herbert legs like I guess Jim Rickards
he's a smart guy he's got books he reads
books you should read books you can find
us on Twitter at Kaiser report until
next time bye y'all
