welcome to the kaisers report I'm Max
Keiser you know trillion dollars of new
wealth popped into the wealth of fear
last year the question is is that a good
thing or a bad thing you know if it's
all unevenly distributed it just goes
into an ever smaller concentration of a
few kleptocrats and kakastico
nincompoops
yes max in fact in 2017 the world's
wealthiest became one trillion dollars
richer that's just the 500 richest
people in the world on the Forbes list
so that's one trillion dollars that puts
into context by the way the
cryptocurrency market which is not yet a
trillion dollars you also had the US
housing market added two trillion
dollars last year again a lot of that is
owned by the likes of Blackstone and all
these other private equity groups so
just putting into context this trillion
dollars from 500 people
all right the 2008 financial crisis when
subprime became the buzzword of the year
and many people lost their homes the
vulture capitalists the private equity
groups Warren Buffett they swooped in
and they bought hundreds of thousands of
units for pennies on the dollar and now
they have become America's slumlord and
yes they're making another two trillion
dollar hit but the black community was
completely disenfranchised and now
they're on the streets of course because
they've been made homeless by Warren
Buffett and his ilk the biggest gain and
the number of billionaires was 38
Chinese billionaires on the bloomberg
index added 177 billion dollars in 2017
a 65 percent gain that was the biggest
of the 49 countries represented a lot of
it to do with the likes of Tencent and
Alibaba and all these sort of tech
companies you saw the same in the United
States
it's Jeff Bezos and Mark Zuckerberg were
the two biggest adders the gainers in
terms of their wealth
I think Jeff Bezos is now over her
hundred billion dollars in net wealth
the biggest loser on the list was Prince
Alwaleed bin Talal he's not a tech
investor
has done very well in the past year and
in fact No Deal
Saudi alwa leads freedom denied after
negotiations fail this is quite a
bizarre story because he's one of the
biggest tech investors and many US tech
companies silence
none of the people of Twitter are
outraged you know they're often outraged
about a lot of things the Beltway media
source are very outraged about Iran for
example they very much love the people
of Iran suddenly and they care about
them so much they don't care that this
guy okay even though he's a buffoon or
whatever and you know all the things bad
that you could say about him and us at
one of the Saudi princes the fact is he
has allegedly been tortured and they're
trying to get six billion dollars from
him which he's apparently willing to do
according to the articles we don't know
how much of it is true but he's willing
to give him six billion dollars but he
wants to actually still be at least the
figurehead of of his company Kingdom
Holdings yeah well you know here's a guy
who's being threatened with torture or
is being tortured threatened with a
beheading over there in Riyadh at the
Riyadh luxury hotel and you know you get
towels nice scented soap and a threat of
a beheading they may check into the Ritz
and they react you know it's a special
kind of hotel over there five star six
star no stars you're dead
but you know here's a story that doesn't
get coverage in the US because after all
Saudi Arabia is the princess kingdom of
the kind and beautiful of ever
benevolent meritocratic Saudis who
bestow their kindness upon an anxious
milk and honey on the world not to be
confused at the Iranians who have never
been violently involved in the
altercation in decades and we've
overthrown by Americans in the 50s but
you know they're the bad folks the
Saudis are good they're benevolent they
behead people with the purpose they do
it in a way that's cruelty free even
Twitter would have proved oh the way the
Saudis are gonna be had Ali wad well you
know the thing is that the thing that's
so surreal about it is that 2017 was
definitely the year of fake news and
what mainstream
Media determined was fake news and yet
you see headlines on the likes of
Newsweek or Washington Post or New York
Times especially the New York Times
talking about this reformist Prince
Mohammed bin Salman and that he's like
this were great reformist she's quite
handsome so he must be reformers he
looks great
he's a reformist and yeah okay so you
have to torture a few people to get
their billions and a lot of the
billionaires have transferred their
holdings to Mohammed bin Salman in the
name of reform and this is supposed to
be in the name of reform and the name of
reform they keep on calling me reformist
and yet don't even mention the fact that
like when he bought this da Vinci for
450 million dollars or he bought a you
know mansion in the South of France for
something like 300 million dollars and
as soon as these guys transferred money
to him he bought these mansions and the
South of France power corrupts and
absolute power corrupts absolutely and
the fella they mention over their heads
up Saudi Arabia these days is this
corrupt as the day is long and he's just
stealing money from folks and with let's
try to beheading but America is like
that's reform meanwhile okay over in
Iran they're actually are in the process
of reform but that's somehow evil and oh
oh yeah and Russia is bad we're not sure
why there's a hoax going around that
Rachel Maddow Skol obsessed over but
that can't happen any longer Saudis we
love them also in this new year what to
look forward to is a wheeeeel estate
boom not a real estate boom well it's
partly it's actually tied to the real
estate boom in a way so in California
which is the most one of the most
liberal I would say most Democrat that
you could think of and and all
progressive and right thinking like
we're follow us like we're the
resistance we're so smart and we have
all the smartest people here in Silicon
Valley and Jeff Bezos and Mark
Zuckerberg feel what maybe not Jeff
Bezos but certainly Mark Zuckerberg
talks about how he cares about all the
people and stuff like that well did you
know that California is also has the
highest rate of poverty and across the
whole us if you add in the cost of
living to what the incomes are you know
many measures will say oh it's like
Mississip
Alabama those are the poorest people
because the average income is like
$15,000 but then the costs there of a
trailer is like 20 bucks a month sort of
thing in California however real estate
prices and rent prices have been soaring
soaring soaring and it's complicated a
lot to do with regulation so there's a
wheeeeel estate boom because people are
moving into their cars upper middle
class people actually a lot of people
they say that who work in Silicon Valley
are living in RVs or cars and now
there's a you know sort of a sort of new
market like all these like commercial
space that they're parking lots are
empty overnight they're now starting to
like lease out the sort of space for
people to park their cars have a safe
space it reminds me of the film that was
a classic from a few years back called
they shoot horses don't they it's about
the depression and people would enter
dance-a-thon zand dance themselves to
death and the irony of the title is you
know they shoot horses right I mean
basically people should be euthanized as
you just should be shot because it's
just too miserable so there in San
Francisco you mentioned these guys who
owned big technology companies and
platforms those used to be considered
utilities it's a utility that we would
underwrite as a society whether it's
electricity water you know access to the
Internet but that's been privatized and
been taken over by kleptocrats and now
we're paying through the nose to give
them a billions hundreds of billions of
dollars meanwhile people living in their
cars and eating dog food and I think the
title of the film is appropriate they
shoot horses don't they just shoot these
people because they're urinating
defecating all over the place and we
don't need all that mess in fact it's
close to that if the opening paragraph
of this article of more Californians
living in cars a wheeeeel estate boom is
coming the cost of housing is so
outrageous in California that stories
that might once have seemed preposterous
now seem completely unsurprising case in
point in a scene straight out of a
dystopian movie about a ravaged future
earth homeless people set up an
encampment at a toxic Superfund
industrial site and Oxnard saying they
had nowhere else to go yes they're being
driven out of places like
Skid Row in downtown Los Angeles or you
know other more populated areas
residential populated areas NIMBYs are
you know middle-class nobody wants
homeless people outside in their parks
their local parks or whatever so they
first they were driven into the river
along the river in Los Angeles and now
they're being driven out from there
to places like the Superfund sites the
homeless people without even a car these
are the people who don't even have the
luxury of a car to sleep and these are
the people living in cardboard boxes
so there's they set up camp on top of us
a toxic waste though
well we've seen images and video of
people living in some cities some mega
cities and in the East the Far East who
are live on train tracks and and a lot
of people lose their limbs and lose
their arms they lose their legs so this
is what's happening in America now is
this a dystopian nightmare that's cooked
up by Max Keiser no um preface this by
saying it's a dystopian nightmare I'm
not the one bringing up the dystopian
stuff you are dopey a nightmare but I'm
gonna be accused of being a dystopian
you know goblin or something just
because I'm commenting on the story that
you're bringing up I'm not the dystopian
dystopia stare I'm just commenting on
the dystopian ISM okay first of all
second of all let me make this point
y'all Russia has said that they're
opening up Siberia to anybody who wants
to move to Siberia
you get great farmland there it's
beautiful country there's bears there's
elk there's natural resources there's
fresh water just move to Siberia forget
America it's done certainly warmer there
than in as Mark Twain said he's never
had a colder day than a summer in San
Francisco and I paraphrase of course now
speaking of dystopian nightmares here's
a dystopian algorithm this is Zillow you
know which is a an app here a website
here in America that tells you basically
house prices and will tell you what that
would net worth of a house is or blah
blah blah well Zillow accurately
predicted homeless count and 17 of 25
metros based on how fast rents rose so
Zillow analysis published earlier this
year examined the relationship between
rising rents
homeless populations accurately
predicted the recently released 2017
point in time counts with a median
absolute percent error of 8.3 percent so
the two areas they predicted accurately
of how the increase of homelessness
would arise was in Sacramento and Los
Angeles based on the rising rents and
how fast they were rising and in fact
the opposite is true as well and Houston
rents declined by it was something like
8% and homelessness also declined by the
similar amount so there's a direct
relationship but you can tune in to
Zillow and find out how bad the homeless
situation or how likely you are to
become homeless in the next year thank
you that's a fantastic idea
tune into Zillow if you want to track
homelessness in America in real time
where this dystopian nightmare will
bring us and how to make littlez of
money stay tuned for the second half a
whole freakin more coming your way so
don't go away
welcome back to the guys report on Max
Keiser time now to turn to entrepreneur
pioneer innovator the Nelson Mandela of
Bitcoin Charlie Shrem Charlie welcome
back it's good to be here as usual
fantastic to have you back on you know
we're just starting 2018 but let's look
back to the 2017 period it was I guess
what some might call that Netscape
moments in the history of Bitcoin you
remember back in the dot-com days in
1996 the internet exploded with the
browser Netscape went public there was
that s-curve the adoption rate the
hockey-stick moment is that a fair
assessment of what happened in 2017 I
was only 7 years old
in the moment that you just described
but I read about it and I studied it but
I think we're not there yet
I think cryptocurrency still has a long
ways to go before we really hit that
mass adoption right now a lot of people
are just speculating and and really not
understanding it fully its utilities and
its really value-add propositions are
not there yet but we're definitely like
in like the move upwards but we're
definitely not a hockey stick yet we're
at the point where this is it kind of
turns upward so we have a ways to go up
all right let's review some of the
highlights and get your take on it some
of the memes some of the talking points
if you will there was the emergence of
the store of value versus medium of
exchange debate this is actually
something that's new in the history of
Bitcoin because remember in the first
few years starting I got involved in
2011 it was always considered digital
cash means of exchange this idea of a
store of value was always in the back
burner but in 2017 it exploded onto the
scene and drove the price appreciation
where do you where do you come down on
this for any any cryptocurrency to
succeed it needs to be both it needs to
be a meeting of an exchange and it needs
to be a store value and basic economics
will tell you that without one you can't
have the other Bitcoin is trying to to
walk on that fine line where it remains
a store value and it also remains a
payment system and the only way it
remains a store
value and payment system is that by
having an extremely secure chain a
censorship resistant chain where no one
no government or corporation can freeze
anyone's money can reverse anyone's
funds and it needs to be super secure
and bitcoin is still doing that yes the
fees have gone higher but the price of
Bitcoin has gone higher too a lot of
these other ones like be cash and ripple
and etc they're not really block chains
because they're not censorship resistant
there are very few that are in control
of it for example there are a few people
that are in control of be cash if you
broke into his house and you stole all
of his be cash he would figure out a way
the few people would figure out a way to
reverse the be cash chain and take all
his money back it's not actually
censorship resistant it's not actually a
chain where no one can reverse it no one
can freeze it if you can't do that and
there's no point of actually having a
blockchain
I always joke what's the difference
between be cash ripple and others and a
Google spreadsheet it's the same thing
alright let's talk about be cash or
Bitcoin cash for a second of course this
has to bring up the name of Roger there
and you know Rogers a friend of ours you
know I met you and Roger to you for the
first time in New York City back thing
goes 2013 or so we took some photos down
in Silicon Alley in New York City and he
had an investor in your your first
company and he's a pillar of the
community
one might say he said he's the easy
character he sends which community we're
talking about
but so what what exactly happened there
because first of all in my take on it
was that using Bitcoin in this altcoin
is tantamount to you know not not a
copyright issue but a plagiarism issue
and that seems like dirty pool yeah I
guess I guess the way I look at like
just starting with the name of it right
be cash versus Bitcoin cash I understand
everyone has the right to name whatever
they want whatever name they want but in
essence what what be cash did was or a
Bitcoin cash was they took the name of a
brand that they don't support anymore
and then kind of counterfeited it and
created a their version of it or what
some people would say is a knockoff okay
so a lot of controversy we're after win
CNBC
yeah you know they got into the crypto
space just in 2017 and they started
reporting on Bitcoin cash without taking
any consideration whatsoever of these
what would be finer legal points and
business points that they are supposed
to be aware of yeah Charlie so it's like
if I have an Apple product and I say I
want to you know copy all of Apple's
products just change it a little bit
change the color or change you know the
size of an iPhone but every other part
I'm gonna copy exactly the same thing
but I don't support Apple anymore I'm
gonna start a whole new company I'm
gonna call it Apple Plus you can't do
that because copyright laws forget about
that for a second but that's blatant
like you laugh at that right there's to
be clear the Bitcoin name is not covered
under a copyright no because it's in the
public domain more or less source
command and there is no corporation
behind it but as far as ethics go this
seems like a clear violation of business
ethics yep and from a community that is
espousing that they understand the
vision of Satoshi and that they have
moral high ground here and yet it's
undermined by their actions in a very
simple way yeah
and so yes or no Bitcoin cash is less or
more secure than Bitcoin extremely less
secure it's extremely less secure there
are very few people that control more
than 50 percent of all the hashing power
and that is extremely extremely insecure
it's an attack on Bitcoin in other words
they're stealing hashing power I
would've ended up stealing ashing power
because anyone can choose which
blockchain to put their hashing power
onto but at the end of the day but isn't
that the game in other words you confuse
the market and end up with hashing power
by illicit means one could definitely
make that case and is that going to be a
problem going forward in 2018 I think
that the B cash versus Bitcoin argument
and debate is not going away anytime
soon all right let's change subjects a
little bit here so the big crypto market
is reaching into the sovereign state and
you've got countries like Israel coming
out and saying hey we're gonna introduce
crypto shekel Bitcoin yeah okay there's
obvious problems and there's AI and
there's maybe some
benefits to it what's your take on
that's not doing the same thing that be
cashed it right like it's not really a
cryptocurrency if they control the
database people forget the dollar was
already digital currency before Bitcoin
came out we have dollars in our bank
accounts we have dollars you go online
and I send it transfer from me to you
that's a digital currency but what is a
cryptocurrency is digital currency
that's backed by and controlled by
cryptographic functions and mathematics
a blockchain on where one person or one
entity can't control the ledger that's
what a cryptocurrency is so the digital
shekel digital dollar are kind of doing
will be cached they're just oh we're a
cryptocurrency but they're not really
there it's business ethics same issue
again it's not really cryptocurrency
yeah the point I think was made by me
not too long ago that any state that
comes up with a centralized version of a
crypto coin is it's an oxymoron because
it's gonna be less secure it's a single
point of failure
exactly there's no point they can still
print on demand they get some issue on
demand
it's not transparent they can freeze
they can reverse if that's the case
what's the difference between the the
current digital system versus the one
that they they just rebranding it it
doesn't it's the same thing alright
let's talk about scaling scaling Bitcoin
scaling going forward 2018 and a couple
of things on the horizon lightning
Network is what we're hearing a lot
about even Bloomberg is covering the
Lightning Network and scaling issues of
Bitcoin so a couple of questions first
of all is the scaling proceeding in a
way that you feel is organic and
wholesome and makes sense and without
political subdivision subterfuge and
second of all what do you see on the
horizon as the next scaling benchmarks
that will be achieved it needs to happen
faster right now with scaling you go
back to the to the Bitcoin cash versus
Bitcoin situation and when you make when
you make blocks larger you reduce the
security you were doing when blocks are
larger you can't have as many people
running nodes and mining the the coin so
you have the last people doing that and
in the chain becomes like goes the
opposite of decentralization it goes
toward opposite centralization so
anything going toward centralization it
defies the ether
and that's the trade-off so how do you
keep it centralized you keep blocks
small and then you create in multiple
layers now you look for who would be the
people that will be operating on these
second layers to start the people that
are transacting on the chains the most
coinbase bitpay
and all the exchanges it's like when you
have a two-lane highway but 50 percent
of that highway is being taken up by a
few different trucking companies so you
say hey we'll create a secondary highway
just for the trucking companies to use
but the trucking companies are on
purpose not using those highways because
they want to maintain the congestion on
the original layer all right so you
mentioned that you feel the scaling of
Bitcoin and it's a misnomer to say it's
Bitcoin core because then you're setting
up a false dichotomy there's no such
thing as core versus non core but there
is only one Bitcoin but you mentioned
that you felt that it was going along
slowly what why is that and what could
be done to improve that if anything
companies need to implement it faster
for example blockchain dot implement
what Segway went faster because Segway
is the introduction to lightning
networks when you implement the
segregated witness technology you're
setting yourself up for multiple layers
so right now blockchain that info is one
of the largest on chain trans actors on
on Bitcoin right now there is no reason
that all their wallets should not be
implementing Segway it would be very
trivial and fairly a lot easier in fact
they decided to implement be cache
before they did Segway one of my good
friends who was their director up there
in their company I don't want to mention
his name recently came to me and said
like how angry he was about that that on
purpose it's it's politics because
Rodger is a big investor in blockchain
that info and he's probably I don't know
for sure but it just what seemed like
coincidentally why are you implementing
SEC not why you're not implementing
Segway before B cache when secretin
around a lot longer and it would make
their cost there they're losing millions
of dollars a week by not implementing
Segway there's a you know partition in
the space between companies that are VC
backs and those who are not those who
are VC backed by coinbase like
I believe Zeppo also seem to be queueing
toward this direction siding with
coinbase
and operating unethically in many ways
the debacle with their peak ash launched
Bitcoin cash launch it's just smacks
manipulation insider trading and a
complete breakdown in ethics is it to VC
money that's forcing forcing change too
rapidly as we've always seen in that
space I'm not sure about but I'll say
this markets are efficient when we allow
them to be the market of Bitcoin will
will favor other companies over these
centralized companies you say Netscape
you know coinbase is the Netscape was
the biggest company in the early calm
but they're not around anymore so you
could say the same thing about some of
these companies that are not at
operating ethically right now so the
market will decide and the market will
favor the companies that are operating
ethically and with integrity over the
ones that are operating without it one
of the personalities to emerge at 2017
John McAfee
who got the Bitcoin bug recently within
the past year 18 he's just got the money
but in general okay fair enough and he
brings this unique style to the space
and he's won Trump for a Bitcoin he's
launched something recently coin of the
day where he's out there talking about
an altcoin
of the day the the predictable result is
that you see these enormous spikes in
price and so what's your take on this
well it's very simple
he's charging I don't know for a
thousand percent guaranteed fact that
he's charging 25 bitcoins upfront and 15
percent of all the tokens supply in
order to make a coin a coin of the day
that's a very strong charge Charlie
public it could be an exclusive here or
no it's no it's out there it hasn't
really gotten traction but people
someone asked him that runs a coin
someone asked him and then he responded
back and then they made a public made
public the screenshot of it so he's
saying it's public and dish would be you
know payola right which is illegal so of
course there's no legal illegal in
crypto it's no debt regulation when we
frustrated with the the unethical with
the with the business ethical issues I'm
frustrated with the scammers all of this
stuff
I cut it off they're actually right of
time maybe he will do another one soon
thanks me in the concert courts do it
alright that's gonna do it for this
edition of the Kaiser report with me Max
Keiser and Stacy her playing guess
Charlie Shrem joini catch us on Twitter
its Keiser Report until next time
