thousands have marched through the
streets of Tel Aviv in Israel demanding
the resignation of the country's Prime
Minister over mounting corruption
allegations the protesters were carrying
placards and shouting slogans denouncing
the government Arty's Murad Gaz DF picks
up this story for six weeks now Israelis
have been demonstrating against the
Prime Minister the crime Minister as
they've affectionately nicknamed him not
just in Tel Aviv the capital but now
growing all over Israel robbing always
been here for the last two years
everybody's talking about him it's
coming up all the time to the media
there is a feeling that the government
is corrupt and puts its interests and
for those of citizens Netanyahu's
government is corrupted 10 out of them
they're tired of it I don't think it's
gonna get elected again it's enough
there are two publicly known cases
against Netanyahu in the first his wife
and he alleged to have accepted illicit
gifts tobacco and alcohol from a
Hollywood billionaire luxurious
champagne for the lady and fine cigars
for the gentlemen case number two
Netanyahu reportedly struck a deal with
a major newspaper where in return for
more favorable coverage he would weaken
a rival newspaper using his office and
pass as prime minister serious
allegations stuff like this has put
people in jail you think be be scared if
there will be recommendations by police
to indict so what here's a fact I doubt
the public knows the vast majority of
police recommendations end with nothing
more than 60% of police recommendations
are thrown out
he of course denies everything just like
his predecessor
who
all math also denied ever taking bribes
even as he was handcuffed and convoyed
off to jail BB doesn't care
police can recommend whatever they want
it's only if the state prosecutors
decide to act will he face trouble and
he seems sure they won't they knew a
year ago even before the investigation
why did it take a year a waste of time
and public funds there's more of course
questions about Netanyahu's connections
how BB's cousin ended up in the middle
of a controversial billion dollar deal
to buy German submarines you know how
these things happen but isn't it amazing
how a man can be so flippant about
corruption allegations against him and
so righteous about corruption
allegations against others brave
Iranians are pouring into the streets
they seek freedom they seek justice
I wish the Iranian people's success in
their noble quest for freedom against
other corrupted regime like in Iran but
here we try to manipulate and put down
all
criticism against him while he's really
holding a corrupted government police is
still months away from issuing an
official recommendation on whether to
try Netanyahu or not but BB's allies are
striking back they've passed through
legislation that would forbid police
from making any public recommendations
on whether people should be taken to
court
Netanyahu's a survivor Israel's
longest-serving Prime Minister his
weathered and survived plenty of
scandals and next time this law will
make it even easier under the Israeli
law the Prime Minister does not have to
resign even if he is indicted and even
when he is standing trial only after he
has been convicted in a certain district
court in Jerusalem and after his appeal
has been denied by the High Court which
could take two years or so but this is
only the legal point from these public
and political points of view there will
be a lot of pressure on him to resign or
at least step aside for a while once he
is indicted
