and the French president here is facing
an unexpected backlash after his
announcement to tackle the spread of
fake news with a surge in satirical fake
stories now appearing online while
people angered by the proposed law have
started posting under the hashtag invent
your fake news this tweet for example
does suggest that Matt krons
Twitter account has been suspended
another mocked the idea that the
government can offer innovative
solutions to a number of crises and one
tweet here even said it was macrons old
rival who was elected president last
year the French president unveiled his
plan to tackle fake news on Wednesday
claiming it will protect the country
from outside interference between fake
news machines and the professional media
we run the risk of losing the truth the
barriers have been destroyed
presidential campaigns in almost all
modern democracies have displayed their
weakness and our collective failure to
come up with a response the people we
spoke to in Paris believe it's not up to
Matt chrome to decide what is fake and
what isn't I will say that the first
ones who make fake news are the
presidential candidates who do not keep
their promises this is the real fake
news that should be banned who will take
care of it is there going to be an aunty
fake news brigade or something this law
here is it not a repressive law since we
go more and more in this direction we
forbid everything we are prevented from
thinking so much that we no longer know
how to think for ourselves almost always
come back to George Orwell's novel 1984
with the Ministry of misinformation I
really feel like we already there and
the people outside of it French
politicians though have expressed
support for macrons move saying that
fighting fake news is a way to protect
democracy and also a method to help
promote critical thinking the French
Minister of Culture has also thrown her
backing behind the proposed law saying
that the idea is not about limiting
freedom of expression but about fighting
propaganda we spoke to a political
analyst based in France who does think
that people there can debunk fake news
without the government's help
this is anti-constitutional don't forget
that in France the Declaration of the
Rights of Man and of the citizen says
that freedom of speech is one of man's
most precious rights
unfortunately when mr. Mottram speaks
about fake news he is targeting a social
network if this really was about a law
condemning fake news then he should
start and he was talking to the
journalist well he should start talking
to the journalists of French mainstream
media we have never had so much access
to information today when there is fake
news if people are old enough to vote
then there and to understand the
politics of France or the or the world
today then they're old enough to get the
information to debunk fake news
themselves and they don't need a big
brother to do that for them
