now the UN has earmarked an
unprecedented 50 million dollars in a
bid to alleviate the humanitarian crisis
in war-torn Yemen meanwhile an Italian
journalist is raising awareness of the
Yemeni people suffering showing their
daily life and additions that continue
despite the horrors of war
well that Illustrated booked us feature
to many aspects of traditional Yemeni
society but apart from that it also
touches on the civil war and Saudi
intervention as well as the problem of
terrorism the author explained her
inspiration the aim of the book the
Yemeni bride is to attract the audience
and especially also young people to to
Yemen some of them they don't know
exactly where Yemen he is in the map
some of them they heard about him and
only by news but Yemen is a country you
need to know from inside and where we
decided to do with the spook is also to
tell good stories about crack system so
people inside the country we wished to
tell something for example about the
reason why tourism and al-qaeda
spread around the country or why some
part of al-qaeda turned into Isis for
example in Yemen and you can tell this
also and specially let the people sing
with the drawings what I saw as a
witness the civil war which broke out in
2015 has claimed over 10,000 lives the
country's economy has been left in ruins
and according to you an estimate some 22
million people do need humanitarian
assistance with more than 8 million
close to starvation the population is
suffering not only from Saudi airstrikes
but also severe food shortages but also
to outbreaks of cholera and other
diseases here's the book's author again
Yemen is dying because this war is not
so fast but grew in a way that people
are really in a siege and they are dying
if they don't die for bombs of her
clashes the died because of Cholera they
died because of all narration and the
die because they don't food they don't
have access to good water and also
because of the bomb being
from the coalition from one side and
because of the clashes between militias
and the tax or holding militias from the
other side sadly was happening right now
it's something that will destroy
generations they are forced to
participate in the war to to fight in
the front line all their hopes are
destroyed because they don't see any
future
