just a quick reminder that the u.s. of
course went into Afghanistan to removed
the Taliban back in 2001 over 2400
soldiers have been killed since then and
around 2 trillion dollars have been
spent in the conflict it's now known as
the longest war in US history senior
political analyst and columnist Malik
Ayub sambal says Trump's move regarding
Pakistan is an attempt to shift the
blame for a failed war this is all
depression tactics because when United
States is completely failed in
Afghanistan so it's the time and they
are finding some lame excuses to put the
responsibility of this failure on
Pakistan but Pakistan definitely have a
great sacrifices in the war against
terrorism and they have lost a lot of
people in this war against terrorism the
diplomacy des mots comes through Twitter
and when something is going to decide by
the tweets and not by the institutions
so then how things go forward and at
this time I think that the United States
is going to be alone in Afghanistan
because they will face very tough time
because the Taliban is already in
Afghanistan are divided into the various
sections and various factions
