Russia has criticized America's move to
call an emergency UN Security Council
session on a run or a week-long mass
protests or 21 people killed Moscow says
the UN shouldn't interfere and what it
sees as a strictly internal issue
yup and now takes a look at the
International reaction to America's move
Moscow has criticized Washington for
promoting the protests in Iran saying
that they are meddling in Iran's
internal affairs and trying to foment
unrest now over the past week there have
been protests in Iran and we've heard
leaders of the United States speaking
about them and encouraging the
protesters while accusing the government
of Iran of tyranny our administration
will continue to support the protesters
in their calls for freedom Washington
intervenes in a grotesque way in Iran's
internal affairs this point we've also
heard from US allies that have been
quite critical of the way US leaders
have been responding to events in Iran
the president of France for example
spoke up and said that this is an issue
that Iranians need to handle among
themselves this is not something that
international bodies should be
intervening in Yahoo will be in keys
this is a crisis taking place today in
Iran we were right to think that change
would not come from outside but from the
Iranian people our role in this matter
is to be on the lookout to be scrupulous
in sure from where we stand that the
Iranian people's rights are not trampled
on the meeting is set to take place in a
few hours and as the international body
gathers as the 15 members of the body
that leads the United Nations assemble
at this point we don't have a proposed
resolution from the United States so the
world is watching New York at this point
and wondering exactly what u.s. leaders
will say it will be interesting also to
see how the international community
responds to the United States which will
be taking the floor at the UN Security
Council to address the issue of protests
in Iran
