the French president's decision to
introduce a law to battle so-called fake
news has had an unexpected twist with a
spike in fake stories appearing online
people angered by the new legislation
have started posting under the hashtag
invent your fake news this one for
example suggests that a manual macrons
Twitter account has been suspended
the French president unveiled his plans
to journalists in Paris on weds instead
claiming the country has to protect
itself from any outside interference
well the people we spoke to in the
capital believe that it's not for Makran
to decide what's fake or not I will say
that the first ones who make fake news
are the presidential candidates who do
not keep their promises this is the real
fake news that should be banned we'll
take care of it is there going to be an
auntie fake news brigade or something
this law here is it not a repressive law
since we go more and more in this
direction we forbid everything will
prevent it from thinking so much that we
no longer know how to think for
ourselves
the film will almost always come back to
George Orwell's novel 1984 with the
Ministry of misinformation I really feel
like we're ready there and the people
outside of it but French politicians
have expressed support from Akron's move
seeing that fighting fake news is a way
to protect democracy and a method to
help promote critical thinking and the
French Minister of Culture has also
thrown his backing behind the law saying
that the idea is not about limiting
freedom of expression but fighting
propaganda I'm happy to say Nicola
Merkava CH political analyst in France
joins us live once again on the program
always good to have your company Nicola
and yes some angry reaction to macrons
plan from the public but genuine fake
news that is something surely that needs
to be addressed Makran says though that
the move will will protect democracy
strengthen French legislation to do that
is it fair to say that this law will do
that and not have the reverse effect
it's a difficult one no I don't think so
unfortunately when mr. mark crone
speaks about fake news he is targeting a
social network he's targeting free
speech on the Internet
I mean if this really was about a law
condemning fake news then he should
start and he was talking to the
journalist well you should start talking
to the journalist of French mainstream
media who spread Frank news on a daily
basis and then he didn't do that why
because a lot of these French mainstream
media belong to oligarchs who are mr.
mcrawlins friend and who put him in
power people like Xavier Nell di Piave
who's now deceased all supported a Mac
home in their mainstream media during
the campaigns and there was no
information there was no law against
fake news at that time so a wide now
that he's in power he is he not
targeting mainstream media because
they're going in the same direction he
is he's targeting people on the web who
have different opinions who have an
alternative point of view too much of
these mainstream media and that's I
think it's totally preposterous by
Emmanuel macron to suggest something
like this this is anti-constitutional
don't forget that in France the
Declaration of the Rights of Man and the
citizen says that freedom of speech is
one of man's most precious rights and
why would we have a president of the
French Republic which should be above
the Constitution above this declaration
and this is why a lot of French people
are actually quite mad when they hear
this the French Minister of Culture
recently said that the law will help to
protect the work of journalists what
will this law actually change
well actually what they're suggesting
the suggestions so far are saying that
during political campaigns it will be
easy to take down false information that
you can go to a judge to get an
information banned from the internet you
can ban an internet website people are
also saying that they would stop media
which would be state-sponsored from
other countries from airing in France
which is actually quite crazy when you
think that France has one of the major
and biggest networks in the world of
diffusion of state-sponsored
I would say propaganda via had your
false for example had your phone sent
honest you're not and all major
countries do this so these are some of
the examples that we've been hearing so
far on how they can take information for
out of the web and
don't forget that who is to say what is
fake news or not this is dangerous this
is actually 1984 we're going to have
people who are already in power and who
are going to be saying this is true this
is not true this is exactly a Ministry
of propaganda I mean if we really are in
democracy then people all people should
be able to express their opinions
whether they're from the left from the
right from whatever sensibility
political sensibility everybody has to
be able to express themselves and don't
forget that we have never had so much
access to information today when there
is fake news if people are old enough to
vote then there and to understand the
politics of France or the or the world
today then they're old enough to get the
information to debunk fake news
themselves and they don't need a big
brother to do that for them just a on
his speech on Wednesday the French
president didn't mention any foreign
media in particular but he has been
pressuring Russian media outlets their
channel and Sputnik since he was elected
what measures do you think macron
realistically can take against foreign
media well he could try to pass a
specific bill in the saying that foreign
media would be banned in France which
would be quite crazy this would mean
that a lot of foreign media as I said
the BBC would be a band in France and I
think this is something which is just
not possible I they they do what they're
doing actually they would ban RT or
Sputnik journalists from attending
macarons press conferences or they do
something like that or they would make
some specific law they they are actually
capable macro and his and his team to
make a specific ban on RT and pretext
some crazy story coming from the US on
on propaganda or foreign influence which
is again preposterous because a lot of
the media in France today is state-owned
and is already apparently to propaganda
and the mainstream media which is not a
state-owned belongs to media moguls who
are friends of the elite in power today
so they're capable of doing it I think
that people would react very badly very
bad if he did that yeah you'd imagine
some kind of response anyway wouldn't
you Nicola markavitch play the guy
unless thank you very much for your time
this hour
