a very warm welcome to the Stan
Collymore Show this week we start at my
former club Liverpool you'll never walk
alone people i sat down with their
superstar and Senegal international side
of mono to discuss the super Senegal
team of 2002 in his hopes for the
Taronga Lions at next year's World Cup
Here I am in the unfilled dressing room
Suarez Gerard Dalgleish and youngsters
like Trent Alexander Arnold the past the
present and the future of a full
football club a man that I'm gonna
interview today is a Teranga Lyon is a
Senegalese international and he's very
much a superstar here at Liverpool they
love him
it's sidearm on a sono delighted that
you've joined us here at Anfield it's
been a little while since I played there
you're doing fantastic stuff now for
Liverpool but it's Senegal and the World
Cup and African Footballer I'd like to
talk to you about you've played in the
Olympics and a couple of African Cup of
Nations would planed for Senegal the
World Cup in Russia be at the very top
of even that very impressive list yeah
very big deal for me too to play for one
with my national team and I remember how
they young in my dream it was to play
for my national team and today i'm
playing i'm very happy and looking
forward to play more games and win
trophies with the team and four World
Cup I think also it's victus for not
only me but for the country and we are
in the good position and we're gonna try
to do our best to make them proud in
terms of the Senegalese national team
lots of people watching this around the
world what kind of team are they are
they expressive extravagant young
attacking what kind of qualities do you
believe your national team has I think
we have young young team in aggressive
and try to do two attacking team and we
are together in defense of the other
three teams from Africa have got to the
World Cup quarter-finals
Cameroon in 1990 Senegal to those him to
Ghana 2000 in tame pal I said many years
ago that he was expecting an African
team it was going to be when not if an
African team won the World Cup
why in your opinion
hasn't that happened with Senegal Ghana
Nigeria incredibly big football nations
why haven't they got past the
quarterfinals yet at a World Cup yeah
as a young guy so my country was in the
quarter-final and if you asked me I
would touch I was my torch it was until
the final why not because we have a
great team that I'm in quite well is it
and yeah all all of that is behind us or
have the new generation and we still
have great even great qualities and
working hard a play and how big play me
will be to go until the impact would be
not easy for sue√±os always talking 4.0
it's the team and but we still have a
change and we're gonna try to do our
best
you mentioned 2002 that team that got to
the quarterfinals was that the
inspiration for you to want to go and
yeah st. your nation here you're heroes
from that team which players
yes Jeff was my era in this town I
remember when I was young I cannot
always something run from school to to
to watch the game because was big teens
and I think where everything started for
me what impact did it have on Senegal in
2002 a very little side amount of
running back home to watch the games did
you think we're gonna win it we're gonna
be the first African every album with
this and to find out because yeah I was
young and I really trust my team that
I'm in play especially cuz they they was
doing everything for the Russians and
they try to do to Walker to fight in the
pit and it was something special for me
and our players like you important for
the next generation of African players
you said to me how important the team in
2002 was to you World Cup team how
important is it the players that come to
the Premier League Bundesliga La Liga
like
yourself or to the next generation of
African players I think it's um vs. big
teens because make make us we make as a
player develop as quick as can and also
to get better and better and also
because primarily conditioning everybody
in Africa watch it so I think it was a
will be the big inspiration for the new
generation especially for our young
brother in Africa what would be a
perfect 2018 for sidearm on a if I'm in
your position I'm thinking World Cup win
the Premier League with Liverpool win
the Champions League we could win
the FA Cup with Liverpool so those 19
could be a very very big year I think I
think I don't need to say you said
looking forward for that so don't really
appreciate you joining us thank you very
much join us after this short break as
we take you to Rotterdam in Holland of
course to chat to Dutch legend pierre
van hooijdonk
stay with us
now dacoit stadion is home to Dutch side
fire Lord where I chatted to one of
their former greats good friend of mine
former fine Ord Celtic and Nottingham
Forest legend pierre van hooijdonk gave
us his thoughts on the decline of Dutch
football and his memories of the 1998
World Cup
we are in Rotterdam to have a chat with
pierre van hooijdonk a man that played
in the 1998 world cup for the dutch to
talk about the current malaise of the
Dutch national team they didn't qualify
for Euro 2016 nor the World Cup in
Russia what has gone wrong with a Dutch
national football team pierre thanks for
joining us why have the Dutch national
team in your opinion failed to qualify
for the year I was in now the World Cup
what's the problem I think first of all
stan is that we must realise now if we
didn't realize it already two years ago
when we didn't qualify for the Euro that
we just like the top class place that we
always had iron robin who played this
last game for the destination team
against Sweden you know is it was the
only one left and Schneider and Nova
purchased know from the fights you know
all these plays
I know Bergkamp the boo brothers / mus
none big smile
one two why hasn't this system the great
Academy systems in foreign order deny
acts managed to produce and continue to
produce those kind of players you know
we always thought that that our ditch
school was the best school and what is
the ditch school well the school was was
technical players passing game you know
creative and and we had success with it
you know we produced for years an
enormous amount of fantastic place we
are small country 17 million people for
such a small country we've done
something well you know if you can
produce this kind of place but the rest
of the world looked at us and
you know they they they they took the
our good things to their good things you
know for example Germany you know when
they had a disastrous periods in in the
early 2000s you know they came over they
had a look at our youth academies the
whole set ups and and they took that
back to Germany and they implemented it
in their in their system and and we we
close our eyes for for any other
academies I sign the Dutch well I see
re-sign the Dutch didn't recognize that
other nations we're doing it and they
would have to go on and kick on again
what would what would a major issue if
you think that that what you are doing
is the best then indeed you become lazy
and and in a way you become arrogant and
maybe we also have some some less tell
the players you know we don't have the
likes of Robin and Schneider anymore but
we still have decent players but but
simply not as good and and physically
not prepared for the for the new modern
game of football so what does that mean
Pierre Starck adore strike strong true
fashion okay is that the club motto yeah
yeah is there a problem there with the
money in the game particularly in the
Premier League that more and more Dutch
kids are being taken ever sooner and not
getting the chance to play games here in
Holland of course of course that is a
that is a big problem in the early days
you know you were you came through the
ranks of high acts of fine art and and
then when you were playing three years
you know as a one of the best players in
in the Dutch league then it was
automatic step to go to England to Spain
to Italy to the big clubs and going
there
you were always also playing there
because you were signed to play
in the modern world of football nowadays
you are signed because you are first of
all not as expensive as you probably can
be in the next couple of years and you
are not ready yet to play at that level
so they send you unknown to do smaller
clips around around Europe they can earn
already a lot of money in in England and
the English you know they they want to
talk about me they always keep blaming
me for player power etc for the reason
why we didn't call it why for a hero and
word of welcome because they take our
players far too early and and they don't
let them develop here you know and and
of course when a young player gets the
opportunity to move to a big club in his
mind he thinks that he's gonna become a
first-team player that's not the case
some English clubs are modern investment
companies you come in you sign for the
club and you never play for them exactly
you never play for them and and the good
thing is they give you a lot of money
but at the end of the day you're there
for one reason making money for them
there you go various van hooijdonk
what's happening now is damaging
football players who could play here you
know first in football good players that
that raise the level of the Dutch league
you know are now taken away you don't
need 60 70 players on the contract
you'll see famously have about 50
players out on long it's ridiculous and
and and a lot of play is there you know
we want to see here we want to see in
Belgium or anywhere else but at clubs
where they can still you know raise the
left
something needs to happen you know to to
stop super close becoming investment
companies and that can never be be the
case okay football has always been busy
business but but now it becomes you know
like like ridiculous look at that
why ammunition new Aston Villa warned
Peter with 1982 in this stadium I'm so
excited about walking but genuinely so
excited so Pierre take me to this
amazing Stadium this is always special
when you come from this tunnel and then
you look up and that is that is the
power of the stadium compared to many
many others this one is special
and this is a big big advantage for fine
art or even the national team of Orleans
the players they would love to play here
when he got called up for the World Cup
in in France in terms of your club
experiences how much of an honor was it
to go to a World Cup yeah I was it was a
big honor I was actually the reason why
I left Celtic because I was not not
playing for a couple of weeks and I was
just been back into the into the
national team after scoring two goals
when we played the Wales away so I
called the coach I said listen there's a
possibility for me moving to forest
because yeah I'm not playing do I need
to move and they would do I need to play
to to continue being picked to the
national team and then he said yeah you
need to if you play I I can pick you I
felt very proud because I realized that
I didn't play for farmer Island you know
we had a proper proper squat and my role
was was clear I was not a first 11
player I was a player when we struggled
to to get a result you know the last 20
minutes coach put me on probably
free-kick or penalty but long balls I
could keep the border that was my
position and I accepted it because I
completely agreed with the coaches you
know I didn't see myself as a first 11
player in that team if I had to say that
I demand to to play in that team and
then you know they would they should
have taken me away to to hospital
because you know Bergkamp live it you
know you only had to look at the club's
where they played you know the Arsenal
Barcelona from destroy after that you
know and yeah I was a proper prior
player but but not in the in the same
classes them selfie
we went to France to win it you know
that that was one of the favorites
yeah no I at least we felt that that we
could win it and and we didn't start we
didn't start well with a 0-0 against
against Belgium but a longer it took how
how better we were and and yeah
breathing the same is playing against
Brazil losing after penalties that death
for us was was such unbelievable
disappointment that that to get the
focus back for the third and fourth
place didn't happen and and we lost
against Croatia in that game and and we
thought yeah you know who cares because
we wanted to win and we didn't win you
scored yeah
against South Korea how did that feel
screwing in the World Cup finals no it
was it was amazing feeling all right
just remember mark overmuch
you know from the left-hand side putting
a cross in with his right and I was at
the at the back post
you know entering it in and yeah i was
just i think maybe seven minutes on the
pitch and and it was it was a present
from hitting because we were winning 3-0
already so there was no need you know
there was no emergency to put me on but
yeah he gave me that too that a couple
of minutes and discovering that for me
is it's one of the most special moments
of my career what is your favorite
memory from that 1998 world cup it could
be on the pitch it could be off the
pitch something that will stick with you
and stay with you forever for me the
memory is the moment an extra time of
injury time sorry we're against brazil
in the semi-final when women put a high
ball in one oh and I went for had a
three header because I I knew that I
surprised you neo bayano the central
defender of Brazil and when I was going
for the header he pulled my jersey you
know and it was thousand percent penalty
that moment will never get away of my
memory she felt the Dutch will win a
World Cup sooner rather than later for
winning a World Cup you need
top class players and we simply don't
have this kind of place and we still
produce a lot of good players but but
the ones that are making things happen
and and the ones that are loved by
football fans all over the world we
simply we don't have them anymore and
let's hope that in four more years
we're gonna have a new generation of the
Bergkamp stick live it's the Vanessa
Royce or the the Robbins 4 / G Schneider
found of arts Conroy donks for being on
the bench yes but if we have these kind
of players then we still can have a good
chance like we had in 74 78 2010 and
well I wish you the very best of luck
it's great to see you thank you
knowledge of the for a long long time
and it be great to see you involved in
Dutch football moving forward and I
opened another you coaching but good
luck in the future thank you very much
to see you
from one world cup legend to another he
was nicknamed the black spider for his
remarkable goalkeeping skills and he
even features on next year's World Cup
poster subtly Lev Yashin is no longer
with us but much of common ire sat down
with his widow to give us an insight
into the legends career the only
goalkeeper in history received the
Golden Ball Olympic champion European
champion and best goalkeeper of the 20th
century according to FIFA
laughs Yasha little wonder why he's
portrayed on the official poster for the
World Cup in Russia the art style called
constructivism and lation the
combination guaranteed to make the heart
of every Russian being a little faster
the most successful era of not only the
Soviet football but Russian football too
will always be associated with the
action but what was it like to live with
a genius his widow Valentina timofeevna
had lived with him for more than 35
years before he passed away in 1991 on
his Kundalini Monica da coq10 or
consciously madama and Tom Stoughton
libri of the socket
go ethnic identities Roubini
mathematically you wonder yeah it's
national poker buddies but told me dude
no quiet Laden oh right
the maliciously a sandwich used to
strike at them stood Scalia panache Tata
Nieto the whole Soviet Union idealized
Russian he was the Yuri Gagarin of the
football field leaping like a panther
closing down attackers going outside of
the box and launch in his own attacks
his style was as daring as it was
unorthodox but understand Valmeyer abuta
as Jamie I am la grenade interim rasca
trimmer of Katrina rocky we are not
Ramiro funeral inappropri still stood
Imperial or desert meanings a subpoena
but among soon Cthulhu sweetened Tom
viewers some control areas Nebraska but
despite all his stardom he lived a
simple Soviet life the trade he
developed in the dark ages of his
childhood when the war forced him to
evacuate and work at a factory in his
entire career
yeah she never changed the team always
done in the colours of Dynamo Moscow had
the times been different he will have
likely played for a European giant
enjoying the fame and the money
his widow however still dismisses all
this what if talk Nicolini do Malayan
his brush with carrot company a
flourless
Flournoy scattered football fishing and
family in this particular order
variations biggest passions but there
was a moment in his life when he felt
devastated
just before receiving the Golden Ball
Leafeon wanted to quit football the USSR
played at the World Cup in 1962 and they
suffered a 2-1 loss to Chile in the
quarterfinals the only Soviet journalist
covering that tournament and not even a
sports journalist by trade blamed the
action for that defeat spurn an average
hunt back home the initial project up
shed pre-collegiate well thank you
which is our perception I'd no regret it
was born a Mira blonde Danish history
English football after were stolen
accredited slaughter mission because I
was become Bravo I thought what you were
previously I presume new cars new
strange equipment wisdom England played
against the world eleven at the Wembley
Stadium in 1963 it was a friendly game
being a part of which was considered
huge honor and success laughs yeah and
kept a clean sheet half a year later he
received the Golden Ball yes in
continued to play football until 1971
more than a hundred thousand fans
attended his testimonial match Pele
Eusebio Bobby Charlton Franz Beckenbauer
and other football legends came to
Soviet Moscow as a sign of respect and
Yashin was respected not only for his
own the pitch magic pushing Bob ray he
should dobre MOX new birth and totally
cuckoo sweeter crazy cheerio
Nelly own apparently yesterday rotten
bridge Oscar Grant Yadav Aleta no kakuka
kata Tjuta visit it insurances swam the
rocket Amal she behaved up Shiva moon
very privileged
you know Takata debris cow many years
have passed but since then only few have
managed to come close to Yash and
success and ability signified by the
fact he remains the only goalkeeper to
ever win the Golden Bowl and as the king
of football Pele still says till this
day Yushin is number one and he will
always be as always thank you for
joining us on the Stan Collymore she'll
be back the same time next week with
more incredible football stories join us
poor Kelly
