Donald Trump and the North kim
jeong-hoon indeed have exchanged a
barrage of threats and personal insults
over the last year but this month those
insults took a particularly bizarre turn
after the u.s. president began bragging
about the size of his nuclear button and
it seems that trumps obsessed with being
the biggest and the best these days look
at those hands are they small heads and
he referred to my hands if they're small
something else must be small I guarantee
you there's no problem I have the
biggest crowds biggest at the biggest
standing ovations best the best in the
world the greatest healthcare plan very
very successful I would build the
greatest wall you have ever seen - I
happen to be underrated by the way
bragging about who has the bigger button
who's got the bigger box
you should be bragging about the size of
your missile
