the US is suspending its security
assistance to Pakistan which has long
been its ally in the fight against
terrorism in Afghanistan Washington
accuses Pakistan of not making a serious
effort in fighting terror groups like
the Taliban we are suspending security
assistance security assistance only to
Pakistan at this time until the
Pakistani government takes decisive
action against groups including the
Afghan Taliban and the Haqqani network
we consider them to be destabilizing the
region and also targeting US personnel
the United States will suspend that kind
of security assistance to Pakistan well
it is in the wake of Trump's first tweet
of the year which outlined his regret at
the u.s. paying Pakistan billions of
dollars in aid he accused Washington's
regional ally of being a safe haven for
terrorists in Afghanistan which
America's trying to defeat from Twitter
diplomacy sparked a furious response so
from Pakistan's foreign minister Samira
Khan has more on that and also the wider
ramifications
well the Foreign Minister of Pakistan
Raja Asif has issued a fierce response
to trump accusing Pakistan of providing
safe havens for terrorists they're
fighting in Afghanistan in not one tweet
but three you asked what we've done from
our bases you carried out 57,000 800
attacks on Afghanistan thousands of our
civilians and soldiers became victims of
the war you initiated we stood by you
treated your enemy as our own we filled
Guantanamo Bay now history teaches us
not to blindly trust the u.s. we are
sorry they are unhappy but we were not
demean ourselves anymore and the Foreign
Minister hasn't exactly held back when
it comes to this particular issue he
even said in the past that the
terrorists that Pakistan is accused of
harboring were once quote darlings of
the u.s. who were being wined and dined
in the White House so Trump's tweets
rightfully struck a nerve and
immediately following those tweets
Pakistani officials converged for an
emergency security meeting to discuss
the issue but bakka Saudis in general
haven't taken Trump's tweets so kindly
and ironically enough it seems to have
United the country's warring factions
for example Imran Khan chairman of
Pakistan stay heavy gains soft party had
a pretty
interesting reaction calling Trump
mentally weak now the US has even placed
Pakistan on a special watchlist for
allegedly violating religious freedom
but with all that being said the war in
Afghanistan is far from over
and the US has already lost thousands of
lives and spent trillions of dollars but
without its neighbors support it's
unclear how far the u.s. can really go
