French presidents promised to clear the
streets of thousands of rough sleeping
migrants by the end of 2017 seems to
have fallen flat
he promised housing in one form or
another but instead they face police
pressure to move on while trying to
survive in freezing temperatures
Charlotte dibinsky reports now from
Paris a new year may have begun but for
these migrants the problem is still the
same ahead is yet another freezing night
on the streets of Paris the president
said he wanted to resolve the problem by
the end of the year it's not resolved in
the neighborhood there are another 30
camps which are settled like this and
these migrants are seeking asylum there
is a problem with violence between the
people who are waiting in the queue at
the reception center because they want
to be the first whose fault is this it's
not the fault of the migrants it's the
fault of the system it's poorly
organized which has posed problems for
two years it's completely dysfunctional
and creates a situation of confrontation
and violence people have been injured at
the reception office the people are
angry at the situation because it
continues in the same way and because
there is no solution one of those
waiting to find a way off the streets is
Rafi he's been in France for seven
months
you look everybody slipped in here a
very cold but no food coming to no water
but everybody knows you know very well
in here look one want this one one
another one another this is my life new
look is this my life
I mean three people sleep two in here
yeah
is this the life you thought you would
have know across France thousands of
migrants are living in similar
conditions all hand-to-mouth
some have found shelter in tents along
the canals and streets of Paris others
in the metro stations all are just
looking for a place to call home in the
last two years more than 40,000 migrants
have set up camp at your house metro
station and this is why they come
it's a reception center where migrants
can register to possibly start a new
life in France every day hundreds queue
up outside centers like this and they
just simply can't cope with the demands
despite a pledge that no migrants would
be sleeping rough by the end of 2017
President Matt Kahn has failed to keep
his promise and migrants across the
country see no end in sight to their
suffering
Charlotte Dubinski RT Paris well an
expert we spoke to does say that
president macaron is working hard behind
the scenes to tackle what he realizes is
a major problem
his lawyer Miss Gail moderate came in he
knows that there is a major problem with
migration in France because he has a
report he knows exactly I believe the
situation if you look for example of
this measures to reduce you know the
undocumented migrants didn't do it
through you know big statement of change
of policy you just do it through an
instructive regulation that is taking
without even passing by the parliaments
so I think it's more a kind of
pragmatism but was he able to fulfill
such a promise you know when you see the
the needs for all these homeless which
is a mixture of course of migrants of
refugee or
candidate refugee but also a lot of you
know ordinary French citizens that are
in the street and that have been struck
by by poverty and by unemployment
