a developing story from the Afghan
capital next where Islamic state has
claimed it was behind a suicide bombing
blast
police say 15 people have been killed
many more wounded local journalist Bilal
suwari is in Kabul now and joins me live
on the program Bulow bring us up the
table what we're learning what's the
latest there obviously those are the
official figures a spokesman for the
Health Ministry wide module is saying
that the figures could rise
unfortunately several security sources
speaking to me are saying that at least
fully two members of the police force
are among those killed at least 40
people both police and demonstrators are
among those wounded it was an operation
against alcohol and drug dealers in an
area that's not very far from the center
of the city when there was a firefight
between police in a very notorious
alcohol and drug dealer and then someone
was killed
that was their neighborhood people came
out bringing the funerals they were
demonstrating and then there was a fear
that they could burn down the police
station this is one the police station
asked for help when the rapid reaction
force in members of the Afghan law and
order police arrived there was a suicide
attack killing a lot of members of the
police force now this is a tragic event
because these are people from poor
families and backgrounds most of them
want to work with the police force
because they want to put food on their
table they also have years of experience
in the force this was a huge investment
of international forces so unfortunately
in the long run this is a blow for a
force that's already suffering and as I
have said before the Afghan government
is finding it very challenging to
prevent these attacks from happening in
bigger cities including Kabul and cities
are now a frontline both for Islam
state as well as for the Taliban one of
the worrying concerns here is the
existence of sleeper cells and in the
fact that the Afghan government has very
little knowledge or very little power to
prevent these attacks from happening so
unfortunately tonight Afghanistan bleeds
and an event like this would have
happened on the front line few years ago
in Helmand or someone else but the fact
that you lose such a big number of your
military or civilians in the capital of
your country I think only tells you how
volatile the security situation remains
in Afghanistan on a deadly day in Kabul
Bulow suwari local journalists giving us
the story thank you
