French nationals who fled to fight with
Islamic state in Syria could be facing
trial in Kurdish health territory not
back in France if in Syrian Kurdistan
there are judicial institutions that are
capable of assuring a fair trial with
guaranteed rights of Defense they will
be judged their debates over what
actions should be taken against
jehovah's holding french passports has
been gathering pace that's since the
arrest of a notorious female recruiter
in syria last month she was blacklisted
by both the UN and the US and is said to
have recruited more than 200 French
citizens according to a US based
research group more than 1,500
extremists of French origin joined
isil's ranks over a three-year period
and around 300 of them have since
returned to France
let's get further into this I'm happy to
say that expert on tourism at
Loughborough University Luis Harrington
joins us live on the program Luis good
to have your company what do you think
of Benjamin Bravo's proposal taking into
account of course Syrian Kurdistan it's
not even an independent state of course
what do you think is driving his call
well I think clearly this individual the
lady involved before she went to Syria
was heavily involved as the jihadist
recruiter bringing her back to France to
stand trial could incite others to
commit acts there's there's there's no
there's nothing of any interest to bring
her back for that I think the French
would rather see her languish in Kurdish
jails for four years to come
but the reality is in in the Islamic
state she was a mother of three children
I'm not quite sure for what crimes that
she's going to be tried for in by the
Peshmerga and so it makes more sense
that if she is guilty and remember these
you know this is this is a fight for for
our values that we believe in innocent
until proven guilty that if there is
evidence it should be transferred from
the Kurdish authorities to the French
prosecutors and she should stand trial
in
in France if that is the case that's the
that's the big point isn't it Cannes
suspected terrorists expected for a
trial in Syrian Kurdistan well I mean
III see no reason why if they if the
evidence if there is evidence that the
Kurdish are not you know they're not
incapable of holding a trial I don't
think that's really the issue I think
that if this this this lady is being
held in by the Peshmerga it's at the
behest of the the French and it's
surprising actually we've really seen a
paradigm shift from say during the 1990s
when in Yemen there was eight Brits to
French nationals were held when they
were arrested in relation to a terrorism
plot we know about that because Abu
Hamza al-masri the hook with a cleric
with the hooks he's now serving time in
in the US for that plot and all of the
individuals involved in that Yemeni plot
work were quickly repatriated given a
great deal of assurance yet now it seems
you know 15 years later nobody wants to
have any of the the US estimate there's
a hundred as 40,000 foreign fighters
from 120 countries
nobody's is have nobody's interest to
have these people return to the homeland
simply because the de-radicalization
programs that we have in place now they
can't give an account they can't even do
anything with the guys who've not been
on the front lines how are these
de-radicalization programs going to cope
with hardened jihadists that may return
it it's not feasible it's better to keep
them languishing in in Syrian jails keep
them keep them at arm's pay for yeah
long as possible does this not open up
though at the per very little can of
worms because you've got an area which
has no actual state protocol in Syrian
Kurdistan actually trying people of a
foreign country may be unmasked there
were a lot of terrorists in that region
of course they fought on on the ground
but it does open up the question about
whether or not this is this is legal at
all well absolutely I mean if it depends
on
you frame the events in in Syria was
this a war are these individuals
prisoners of war are they captives now I
mean we're looking at a criminal aspect
but there's also the the sort of the
issue of we know what how do we how do
we how do we see the conflict in Syria
how can these people and these these
women were of course picked up on the
battlefield so we're a number of foreign
fighters if we calling it a battlefield
not a crime scene
what exactly are we prosecuting them for
in the first place whether or not it's
even in Kurdistan or whether it's in you
know whether it's in in France or the UK
or wherever they're returned to what
exactly are the crimes that we're
looking at just picking up on the point
of those the returning jihadists to
France how big of a risk is it to Paris
what we saw 300 I believe roughly have
come back and do you see this as it as a
big problem well let's consider in March
2000 as March 2016 the one of the
Brussels one of the individuals involved
in the in the Brussels attacks
he was a returnee from Turkey I mean but
I think realistically we've got so many
individuals coming back that picking
it's going to be very hard to track them
is it not it's gonna be I mean the
security services across Europe are
already stretched you know the
counterintelligence work is already
stretched in the UK and in in France but
of course the French have got a better
experience of this because of Algeria
the French were better at this tracking
individuals when they come back but
ultimately the security services have to
be have to get it right every single
time it only takes two or three of these
individuals to cause absolute
devastation and we've seen that the last
few years throughout Europe 2013 2017 in
Paris in London certainly here in London
throughout last year it doesn't take a
great moment of individuals and
certainly ones that have been
battle-hardened in Syria certainly
trained up pose a great threat whether
they're however they return to the
Europe it's a threat that's gonna be
facing us for many years to come
yeah in front still of course in that
state of emergency isn't it lewis her
inked in tourism experts loft for a
university thanks for your take as
always lewis
