Germany has started the year by
introducing a new law to tackle hate
speech but it's already been criticized
for blocking the Twitter feed of a
satirical magazine Anna Samira Khan
now explains applying this kind of
legislation can be a legal minefield
well governments are now trying to
regulate content on the Internet by
pushing the online world to crack down
on hate speech extremism and of course
the mysterious BOTS and trolls who
somehow managed to elect presidents but
so far their attempts haven't exactly
been successful for example in Germany a
new online hate speech law only came
into force on Monday and Twitter has
already banned a parody account after
users reported as hate speech but under
the law platforms have to delete violent
or slanderous content by a certain
deadline or face a fine up to sixty
million dollars well the first case of
far-right politician of the alternative
for Germany party had her Twitter
account briefly suspended after users
flagged her tweets as hate speech
against Muslims now that's after she
lashed out against German police for
putting out a New Year's tweet in Arabic
and prosecutors are now examining
whether or not her tweets do in fact
incite hatred then on top of that
Twitter banned the account of a magazine
that was actually mocking her but in
doing so repeated her line now the
magazine's editor said he was shocked by
the decision and the association of
German journalists said that it
qualifies a censorship adding that
they've warned of this danger when the
law was drafted last year a private
company based in the United States
decides the boundaries of freedom of the
press and opinion in Germany now this is
even going on in the UK where Twitter
and Facebook are facing sanctions after
MPs said that they failed to thoroughly
investigate how Russia
supposedly swayed the brexit vote but
what there has to be then is some
mechanism of saying if you fail to do
that if you ignore requests to act if
you fail to police the site effectively
and deal with highly problematic content
then there has to be some source of
sanction against you so the only trace
of Russia the companies were able to
find were three ads worth less than a
dollar however the idea that maybe
Russia didn't influence the election is
apparently off the table so who exactly
police is the Internet is it the
government or is it the social media
companies
or is it the government through social
media companies that's all very unclear
at the moment Samira Khan there will
radio talk show host Dave Perkins
believes that such laws do go against
the principles of free speech the law is
too serious and grim and rigid and
humorless as our by the way the group of
people they're trying to prevent from
rioting by them being spoken of on
social media and in the end it becomes a
matter of law being inappropriate I
think there's a definite intrinsic
tension between freedom of speech and
hate speech which is a very recent
development that I saw coming a long
time ago and protested from the
beginning the idea that what you say is
against the law is directly
contradictory to the idea of freedom of
speech
