Emmanuel macron has vowed to take the
fight against fake news to the next
level in 2018 during a media conference
he also entered at new regulations
against media influenced by foreign
states which will be redesigned in 2018
will be increased to fight against any
attempt destabilization by television
controlled or influenced by foreign
states well in Wednesday's speech the
French president wasn't specific about
which countries could be influencing
French media however Rt Hon Sputnik have
already been in microns firing line he
denied both outlets accreditation during
his presidential campaign and later
explained the move by labeling this
channel and Sputnik as propaganda Russia
today and Sputnik have been influential
outlets that have several times spoken
mistruths
about me and my campaign that's why they
were not invited to my headquarters all
media including Russian had access to my
campaign Russia today and Sputnik have
not behaved as media outlets and
journalists but as organs of influence
and false propaganda at the end of 2017
this channel branched out to the french
speaking world with the launch of our
newest channel RT france and it
immediately caused quite the stir
several french public figures published
an open letter calling for RT france's
license to be revoked they supported
their claims by saying that RT has
repeatedly faced various allegations
from the US and different european
countries well joining us live now to
discuss this further is political
commentator adrian Yellin diedring good
to have you on the program hello to you
while a month macron praises France for
a promoting Press Freedom something he's
repeatedly done this channel has been
under pressure there even from the
leader himself why do you think that is
I think that Artie and Sputnik and macro
and got off to a bad start in the early
part of his relationship his campaign to
become president and I think that that
has not improved over the last year or
so
whether he does or doesn't have a point
is is slightly irrelevant I think what
he's now trying to do is to change the
French Civil Code in order to prevent
what he sees as a quoted him from his
press conference today a threat to
democratic life of the nation he clearly
sees RT and Sputnik as part of that but
I think that he also wants to change the
narrative of the conversation to make
this more about those that peddled what
he calls false news fake news and of
course there is a difference between
faking news and propaganda there is a
difference between expressing an opinion
challenging a received orthodoxy perhaps
for those for example that don't agree
that climate change is man-made
they have a right to to say that but
there's a it crosses the line when it
starts going into false news where it
starts to disseminate lies that effect
democratic choices he saw himself very
much as the outside figure in the run-up
to the presidency didn't he micron chose
to ignore in fact the press during the
early months of his presidency and even
called the French media totally
narcissistic and isn't he contradicting
himself by now praising his country's
media isn't there some sort of a flip
going on here okay what needs to be
understood I think is that France has a
very long a very credible history is
there a freedom of expression it dates
back to 1789 article 10 and 11 of the
French Constitution and shrine in French
law and have done for over 200 years the
right to express yourself and the right
to choose your own religion without
those that disagree with you preventing
you from expressing your views of course
France does have also there's a European
Convention of Human Rights as a
signatures that's also signatory to the
European Union Charter of Fundamental
Rights so like article like a amendment
one to the American Constitution freedom
of speech in France as it is ingrained
in the Constitution and what he sees I
think is that freedom of speech is being
used it's been misused I would suggest
to to curb that the democratic life of
the nation to influence the democratic
choices that people make ironically
since he won arguably didn't have much
effect and clearly he wants to now
change the civil code to prevent that
because this is not the first time that
the president of France has
has done this back in 2000 the Civil
Code was changed in order to enshrine or
to bolster the press's inability to
negate okay the the concept of your free
and innocent until proven guilty yeah I
just want to play this video quickly
just reiterating my point this is
refusing is not the role I consider for
my part that it is not worthy in that
certain debates take place in a public
forum could that not be argued that it
was a hostile approach to the media Oh
indeed it was and I think it was very
short-sighted of him and I don't think
he played well internationally as a
result of it the reality is the
international media television news
internet is now a fact of life and if
you wish to be a statesman on the world
scene you need to engage with media
rather than running away from it he in
my view did himself no favors and I do
think that he's very clearly now trying
to do a bit of a u-turn and trying to
sort of embrace those who support him
whilst perhaps shunning those that don't
so he hasn't been himself any favors
just on the overall spur of things here
could this proposal of a new law to
battle soon iam fake news actually
proved effective well it depends what
he's actually proposing at the moment
all I've seen is that is the comments
that he made only run reported in Lomond
this afternoon so I'm not sure what it
is exactly that he is proposing it's all
very vague and it's all very
aspirational so until we see the finer
details it's difficult to comment but
what is very clear is that he does see
faint news as what he calls fake news as
a threat to the life of the Democratic
like the French people and in that he
may have a point it's very clear that
there are a number of fake news outlets
that apparently have affected Democratic
choices across the Western world over
the last three four years and clearly he
wants to protect France from that but I
think he needs to tread very carefully I
think that it's a very thin line between
exercising new laws that protect
people's right to not have their their
views challenged by untruth and
she clamping down on freedom of
expression so he could find himself
acting unconstitutionally he's more
careful thanks very much for your time
and thoughts this our political
commentary during Yelland
