with his first year in office drawing to
a close the US president has been
talking up his economic record in
typical Trump style economic miracle
created more than 2 million jobs
unemployment is at a 17-year low the
stock market is at an all-time high
fantastic for the economy our economy
has already surged to three percent
growth unemployment is at a 17-year low
liberated the American economy our
economy is doing well but one man who
does not share a president Trump's
optimism is former US congressman Ron
Paul and he joins us live now from Texas
always a pleasure to have you on the
program
so what do you make of Trump's record
why in your view is it not perhaps as
positive as the figures seem to suggest
his supporters would say the stock
market's going up jobs are being created
is that not worthy of praise well if it
is if we're all true yeah there's
partial truths there things are a little
bit better if you're in the stock market
a wealthy person here doing quite well
but what we're forgetting here when we
listen to this rhetoric of all this
optimism is that there's a large segment
of our population as having a difficult
time we have two types of society here
the lower 50% in the top 10 or 15% and
the economy is doing well for the
wealthy but not for the for the poor and
where there is prosperity and more jobs
it depends on debt yes an individual can
feel very good if they have a line of
credit to the bank but eventually that
line of credit runs out we in this
country benefit because we have the
reserve currency of the world we can run
up a lot of debt and we can spend a lot
of money and even with that we've had a
great deal of difficulties last 8 years
trying to get out of the recession and
the crime I quite frankly don't believe
we're really out of that recession but
believe me we have a lot more debt it's
self-limiting and I think before this
year is out the amount of debt that we
have is gonna be a great deal and great
burden because interest rates are
creeping up and all of a sudden that's
gonna make our budgetary problems very
difficult to handle
you went further than that in an
interview recently saying that the
system is coming apart very direct
language what did you actually mean by
that because there are those who would
disagree with you saying that you know
the impending economic meltdown is
always coming but the system just keeps
going on does it not yes that is true
you know in Austrian economics which I
follow which is quite a bit different
from Keynesian economics or socialist
economics it it teaches that you can see
the direction of economy and predict you
know bubbles in it but you can't predict
timing we do know that if you have a
central bank and they have credibility
and that they can print money and seem
to stimulate things we know that there's
a bubble coming and I see everything we
do is a big bubble and all those qyz
that we have dealt with in these last
eight years have just created a huge
bubble and everything is in excess
whether it's our military budget our
overseas engagements whether it's the
welfare state and that bubble will come
to an end but Austrian economics say you
may know the direction of the country
but you don't know whether it's going to
be tomorrow or next year there will be
some event that will pop up and the
fragility of the economy will all of a
sudden become parent and there'll be a
rush to the exit and this has to be
reversed we will have to pay for our
extravagance that type of breakup as you
say it would be like what the Soviet
Union experienced what kind of
comparison did you make one why well the
way I see this is in in economic terms
and my understanding is that it wasn't
that our military buildup in the United
States that brought the Soviet system
down what happened was the Soviets were
working with a system that we as a
freedom people and free markets saw it
is totally unveil socialism and fascism
and communism it's not viable and
eventually you know can be held together
with force but eventually it ends
and Keynesianism and deficit financing
in federal reserve's and and welfarism
and the miller militarism it's not
viable so i say where it's coming to an
end and although i have said it's going
to be said we're going to have a sudden
cataclysmic end which is sort of what
happened to the Soviet system it's not
going to be identical and I pointed it
out then it was different the there was
sort of a secession movement in some of
those countries left the Soviet system
and our states aren't probably going to
break up but I do sincerely believe that
we will no longer be able to afford our
empire around the world so our our
empire that we have out there although
we don't claim ownership to it it's a
lot of money and a lot of influence and
we sit with weapons and we use sanctions
to hold our empire together I think
that's coming to an end so can the
economy be turned around you think or is
it just going to come to to a dire end
as you say well I always wish that you
could work through the system and that's
why I went into Congress but I had never
had an illusion to think oh they're
gonna listen to me and I'll get some
help there and we will be smart and we
will quit printing the money and balance
the budget and bring our troops home now
I never expected that it's not going to
happen no I think the turnaround will
come and I'm optimistic on the long run
because there are more people like
myself who are trying to promote the
ideas of liberty and sound economic
policy so no I think the big crash will
come first and then it'll be up for
grabs I do think that we who believe in
less government and the free market
system we have a crack at it and we
definitely will have to have monetary
reform because it's very precarious
right now and that's why you see the
dollar getting weakened weaker and other
countries that are talking about an
alternative currency that is not easy to
do but there's talk of that and I think
eventually it will come about because I
think the dollar will fail thank you
very much for your time and thoughts
this hour always good to have you in the
program Ron Paul former US congressman
and presidential candidate in thank you
sue elections thank you very much
