ukrainian president is looking forward
to getting hold of new lethal weapons
from the united states Petro poroshenko
here tweeted that Ukraine's military
budget is increasing to a record three
billion dollars and that the US weapons
will be bolstered by locally produced
hardware the war in Ukraine started in
2014 after an uprising saw the
government deposed but it met with
resistance from the pro-russian east of
the country leading to two regions
entering armed conflict against
government troops more than 10,000
people from both sides have been killed
in the conflict according to the UN and
he war campaigner Richard Becker thinks
that Washington's arms sales though have
nothing to do with bringing peace the
aim here and the part of the US
government remains the aim that it has
had for several years and that is to
attach Ukraine not only to the European
community which the US doesn't care that
much about but to bring the Ukraine into
NATO as well which would pose a very
great threat to to Russia if that were
to take place considering that the
ongoing hostility that's expressed from
Washington and from NATO headquarters is
so prevalent so we can't really
distinguish between or draw some sharp
line between offensive and defensive
weaponry in this case it's all the
offensive and defensive weaponry both
necessary for any modern on forces
