collusion was a word we heard a lot in
2017 well here's another story of
alleged collusion this time though the
characters are rather different
WikiLeaks has published an email
apparently showing that the New York
Times was providing this State
Department on Hillary Clinton with
advanced warnings about potentially
damaging stories Caleb Martin picks up
the story now a new email published by
WikiLeaks seems to show cooperation
between New York Times reporter Scott
Shane and the press secretary of Hillary
Clinton when she was Secretary of State
now we remember back in 2010 and 2011
there was Cablegate all kinds of
diplomatic cables were being released by
WikiLeaks well according to this new
email released by WikiLeaks it appears
that Scott Shane of the New York Times
was warning the State Department and
actually gave them the schedule of when
cables would be released WikiLeaks
speculates that this was done in order
to help minimize the damage wikileaks
has accused Scott Shane of essentially
betraying them this is nonsense
check with the WikiLeaks volunteers who
worked on this project
WikiLeaks agreed on a consultation with
the State Department
WikiLeaks agreed to pose questions to
the US government
48 hours prior to publication The New
York Times pushed for four days
WikiLeaks objected the email shows the
New York Times betraying the entire
day-by-day thematic publication plan to
Secretary Clinton spokesman PJ Crowley
not asking questions now media outlets
are already using the word collusion to
describe the cooperation between the US
State Department and this New York Times
journalist if one looks over the words
and the reporting done by Scott Shan in
November four out of ten of his articles
were about the issue of allegations of
Trump Russia collusion however there
seems to be quite a record of collusion
here between Hillary Clinton and the
press if one looks over the fact that
Glen thrush a reporter for Politico who
was actually sending his articles to the
Clinton campaign for approval before
they were published has been hired by
the New York Times so there seems to be
quite a bit of coal
eugen going on between Hillary Clinton
and the press there's ample evidence of
that extensive evidence in the WikiLeaks
Podesta emails of the talking back and
forth the you know the the friendly
journalists list that's referred to now
it's virtually I think impossible to
control it because you've got so many
elements you've got a trump
administration seated now with Trump
people and most of the key jobs you've
you've got now I think a newly energized
maybe not mainstream press but
independent journalists press going at
this digging deeply not accepting the
supposed facts that have been sold in
the past and the conflicts are obvious
