a member of the anti-migrant alternative
for Germany party is under police
investigation for an offensive social
media post
our correspondent Paulus leer in Berlin
has the story well it all walks back to
New Year's Eve when the police in the
German city of Cologne posted on their
official Twitter account a new year
greeting now they posted that message in
four languages in German English Arabic
and French and the fact that one of the
languages used was Arabic so infuriated
a member of the German parliament
Beatrix monster who is part of the
right-wing alternative for Germany party
the AFD that she posted on her Twitter
and Facebook accounts an angry response
she slammed the police's decision to
post in Arabic now although her initial
messages has been deleted on Monday she
posted again and she said and I'm
quoting that Muslims are barbarians now
she has been criticized both online and
offline for allegedly incitement to hate
speech as to be expected the leader of
the AFD has come out in her defense and
she has said and again I'm quoting that
the authorities are more committed to
imported more aiding groping abusive
knife stabbing migrant mobs now at this
stage France toast posts are being
investigated by the police she can
become the first person to be found
guilty under a controversial new law
here in Germany that went into effect on
the first of January it's known as the
annette de guerre law and it aims at
cracking down on social media
hate speech now you'll remember that
cologne back in 2015 was in the
headlines on New Year's Eve when more
than a thousand men were accused of
causing basic disruptions on the streets
they were accused of violently harassing
and attacking women now all of this
comes at a particularly sensitive time
for Germany the Parliament still does
not have a ruling majority since talks
collapsed at the end of last year
