countries across the globe have welcomed
in the new year 2018 cities worldwide
have held spectacular firework shows to
celebrate and here are some of the
highlights
Moscow also erupted into colour as
fireworks lit up the sky over sent
Basil's Cathedral and the Kremlin and
with the holiday season underway large
numbers of tourists are enjoying the
festivities
I come from Las Vegas and my mom comes
from New Jersey yeah it's the first time
yeah it's the first time that I'm here
on new year if there's so many things to
see we went to visit the Kremlin and it
was fantastic this is the safest city
we've ever been in and I we've been all
over the world so a local police so this
field make us feeling more safety
everybody was trying to help us so clean
here it's unbelievable I like the food
here we will come back for sure because
we find the city really amazing how do
you say Happy New Year in Russian snow
snow um got it
