I don't fight over living mind a little
better might a little bit a little bit
of it it you're gonna say be it
look at me look at me I'm going to ask
you you're clapping already we haven't
had any questions you're not right yet
I'm gonna show you a picture okay are
you ready mm-hmm okay
I'm showing you a picture of do you know
who she is she's looking like Donald
Trump what do you think she does for a
living talks next one who's that that's
gonna be some kind of a farmer acting or
comedian he looks like fun right I think
he looks very nice
he's like oh my day is great it is a
candy drives over then he's like ready
yeah who do you think it is grandma
what do you think she does for a living
drinking beer and listening music in one
headphone what kind of music do you
think she's listening to London Bridge
is falling down falling down and I sure
would like some sweet company I'm
leaving tomorrow what do say when I'm
gone when I'm gone you're gonna miss me
when I'm gone
oh my fair lady I don't know he's
talented and bulky but dinosaurs what do
you think they're doing here well I am I
have North - yeah I know and you have to
put a very stern X
because women were meant to be important
yeah not at me I can't do
