the first ship carrying Russian and
produced a gas has reached the UK under
a new energy deal
the liquefied natural gas is produced by
a company which the US put on its
sanctions list in a move strongly
supported by London at the time the
first round of Washington's sanctions
were imposed in 2014 in response to
Russia's alleged military invasion of
Ukraine the US has always been critical
of Russia's gas supplies to Europe
saying they undermined the continents
energy security with Moscow using fuel
supplies as a foreign policy tool that
is a view that Britain has been
supporting we have seen how countries
such as Putin's Russia used tear gas
supplies as a tool of foreign policy
threatening to cut off supplies or
drastically increased prices it's not in
Europe's interests it's not in our
interests it's also a political rather
than a commercial undertaking and there
is an existing framework in place for
the EU to take more aggressive action on
nordstrom - and similar projects if it
wished to do so politically however at
the end of 2017 has seen the UK out in
the cold and in need of Russian gas
it'll start at around three weeks ago
when the most important pipeline to
Britain was shut down due to a crack
then one of the biggest hubs in Europe
suffered an explosion which led to a
spike in gas prices or over Britain has
faced an unusually cold winter with some
blizzards and freezing temperatures we
discussed the story with oil and gas
expert
mandoo Salome while the European Union
and Britain support you as sanctions
when it comes to their own needs they
can put aside or shelve the sanctions
for their own benefit and that is the
situation with the United Kingdom now
Russia is a reliable supplier to Europe
so I think that will continue of course
the United States would like to be able
to reduce Europe's dependence on Russian
gas and russian oil but they cannot they
might try through sanctions to increase
their supply of
to Europe but it will not work because
American LNG is far more expensive than
Russian gas
