after losing ground in Syria and Iraq
Islamic state terrorists seem to be
ramping up their activities in
Afghanistan the group now says it was
behind multiple suicide blasts in the
Afghan capital Kabul earlier this
Thursday which killed at least 41 people
and injured 84 local journalists Muslims
sure's that reports toll is rising from
40 to 41 deaths and also 84 injured in
recent attack in to the attack in Kabul
and moments ago the president ghani's
spokesperson and the Ministry of Elda
spokespersons held press conference and
told about the rising of death tolls and
the critical situation of some people in
this attack this attack is coming after
the deadly attack on the Shia mosque and
today shown that the new phase of
attacks on Kabul against the Shia
minority is going to increase the recent
attacks of so-called Islamic state or -
this has a history often last year
especially when we see these kind of
attacks which was Imam Zaman in the
north of the cabal and - an e6 of
October and after that to any of our
kids before that was the did the attacks
on the Shia minorities and inside of the
country and the last attack which
so-called Islamic state claimed
responsibility talked about the recreate
of Fatih moon which called against the
Islamic state and Middle East especially
in Iraq and Syria this cost that the
Afghan people especially nowadays
especially today and the Afghan people
especially in social media are going
very angry against the Afghan government
