Japan is building up its military it
says to counter the threat from North
Korea the country has decided to convert
a warship into an aircraft carrier while
this will be capable of hosting f-35
jets which the country recently bought
from the US japan's authorities say the
carrier will be used for defense
purposes only
this will be the first such vessel owned
by Japan since World War two well
earlier this month the Japanese defense
ministry announced it was considering
acquiring missiles capable of striking
North Korea the missiles will have a
range of 500 kilometers Japan has also
launched a study to determine if its
fighter jets are capable of carrying
missiles with a range of 900 kilometers
however Japanese law prohibits the
country possessing missiles with a range
of over 300 kilometers while these moves
have been heavily criticized by China
you're usually a Japan that's a change
due to historical reasons each move that
Japan makes in military security draws a
great concern from its Asian neighbors
and the international community who have
noticed the related reports in which
some people think such moves might
violate article 9 of the Japanese
Constitution
well article 9 which the Chinese Foreign
Ministry referred to there is the clause
in Japan's Constitution that prohibits
the country from having any means that
can be used for warfare however Japan
does have so-called self-defense forces
which can engage in conflict only in
response to aggression and whose
offensive arsenal is strictly limited
well to discuss this further
I've now joined live by andrew leung and
asia specialists thank you very much
indeed for joining us well let's look at
what's been said here because of the
North Korean threat and Chinese
expansionism Japan is planning to
develop its first aircraft carrier since
the Second World War but what's your
take on that
well if you look at these per to
perceived threats firstly from North
Korea now North Korea's main threat is
against the United States if Japan is
not attacking the North Koreans why
should a North Korean attack Japan
that's the first point
secondly the threat is nuclear power and
nuclear or hydrogen bomb and also the
intercontinental missile delivery
systems now these kind of threats cannot
be resolved by developing aircraft
carriers so that's the first point as
far as the threat from North Korea is
concerned as for the threat from China
the test center on the disputed islands
in the Delhi or the Senkaku Islands but
then coast of Japan developing his
aircraft carrier perceived to be a
guarding D that this Islands this of
course would could pose a risk of
escalation and because according to do
to China these are artists belong to
China as well so I think that that's a
recipe for escalation but that the back
of it all because the threat is not
really credible from North Korea bearing
in mind that Japan is not Japan doesn't
attack the North Koreans and North
Koreans is unlikely to attack Japan this
could be an excuse or a pretext to
develop a Bluewater aircraft carrier a
navy to project Japanese military power
and also that's coincides with the
efforts to revive Japanese Constitution
now this of course is music to the years
of the United States because the United
States wants to Japan to play a more
important role in sharing some of the
burden in containing China and it's
always encouraging Japan as in in fact
supporting Japan in revising its wartime
Constitution so that Japan could develop
its military car power projection so I
think that the
the the statement the Japan is going to
develop is aircraft carrier can be seen
in that light as well and right and also
on this point Andrew I mean China was
against severe sanctions on North Korea
and along with Russia proposed the
double freeze but because of the
Pyongyang threat Japan is now planning
to develop new weapons which could also
hit China I mean could this situation
influence China's position on North
Korea well naturally China wouldn't be
happy about this but of course that's
the reality of things when there are
power politics involved the both sides
would would take a positions with
strengthen its own own military but you
look at China's concern the of course
the Asia Pacific as well as the passage
through the South China Sea
is very very important to China not from
an aggressive point of view but from a
defensive point of view in a sense that
this represents an essential conduit for
trade for the importation of raw
materials and energy that underpins
China's economy so obviously that's a
red line for China as well but I don't
think the child is likely to to take the
initiative provoke some sort of an
aggressive action what China wants to do
is because maintain its sovereignty and
also defending its economic interest but
as far as Japan is concerned there is a
an agenda to grow this is a power
projection and that ties in whatever the
u.s. strategy in the Asia Pacific to
contain China as well okay Andrew long
Asia specialist thank you very much
indeed for your thoughts thank you
