I received a report coming through
possibly that assailant has been shot
dead this is a soft target people were
just leaving the concert making their
way into their trip at the train station
there thousand people here all coming to
pay their respects to those people who
had been killed you can see behind me
this whole areas are cordoned off by the
police the back carriages of this
particular train that was headed towards
central London with smoke and leading to
people being escorted out evacuated a
year of terror from London to Manchester
and back to London again in bombings and
ramming Xand stabbings 36 people were
killed and a further 200 wounded in
response the terror threat has veered
between severe and critical in a rare
public speech in October the head of mi5
warned that the UK is facing its most
severe terror threat ever it's at the
highest tempo I've seen in my 34 year
career today there is more terrorist
activity it's coming at us more quickly
and it can be harder to detect it's as
if he was preparing us for the results
of a review released in December which
concluded that the Manchester attack in
particular could have been preventable
if mi5 had looked at the information
they had in a different way in what must
have come as a harsh blow to the
families of the 22 victims of the
Manchester Arena bombing Anderson's
report revealed that mi5 had planned to
discuss bomber Salman Abady
at a meeting scheduled for just nine
days after he committed his deadly
atrocity he'd first appeared on the
radar in 2014 a case of mistaken
identity his case was closed for his
name continued to come up on the
periphery of other evidence by the time
the meeting came round british-born
Libyan a body had already blown himself
up
and it wasn't just Manchester Khurram
but one of the London Bridge attackers
was under active investigation by the
security agencies and Khalid Masood the
Westminster attacker had also been a
subject of interest before the attack
it's not just radical Islamist attacks
the far-right has also continued to make
its presence felt
supposedly in retaliation for attacks
like Manchester Darren Osborne the
perpetrator of the Finsbury Park mosque
attack is thought to have radicalized
himself and was known as racist and
unpleasant but various members of the
outlawed group National Action have
appeared in court one accused of
plotting to kill a police officer and
murder a Labour MP with a machete seen
as racist homophobic and anti-semitic
National Action became the first
right-wing group to be banned under
terrorism legislation in 2016 after
being linked to the murder of Joe Cox
but reports suggest the group is still
operating under different names making
it difficult for the authorities to stop
ironically this was a tactic used by
Anjem Choudary Salma Harun
for some years until his eventual
incarceration so terror is on the rise
but no one seems to be able to figure
out why let alone what causes it in the
first place
many experts including professionals in
our intelligence and security services
have pointed out the connections between
wars that we've been involved in or
supported and 14 in other countries such
as Libya and terrorism here at home then
we need to scrap the idea that Western
foreign policy is somehow the principal
cause of the problem the threat shows no
sign of abating five so-called
successful attacks this year and mi5 say
they foiled nine more and a weary public
celebrates Christmas at venues encased
in concrete barriers and security gates
and patrolled by armed police
