Martin Jay thank you so much for joining
us on the program everyone has said that
kesaji
was killed in a vicious violent manner
and he said a number of times that it
was pre-planned how credible do you
think that statement is given that he
didn't put forth any concrete evidence
at the same time well we have to be very
careful don't we I mean much of this
entire case rests on some of these more
critical elements of evidence which we
haven't seen we haven't heard so I think
and in one respect this plays against
the Saudis because that gives them the
time and the confidence to carry on with
this some ludicrous miscommunicate
miscommunication campaign of theirs
where even leading Royals are
contradicting one another but on the
other hand that puts pressure on the
Turkish leader to finally deliver I mean
today was not the bombshell that we
expected it to be we expected hard
evidence and the three critical
components I think where the body is
which he raised the audio recordings and
even any equipment like bone cutting
devices you know that this is a this is
what really the whole case hinges on and
we're not seeing that at the moment I
think what today was was quite a clever
but quite a masterly piece of
geopolitical leverage I think your
colleague is right to say that it was a
political speech aimed at the Saudis but
I would go one step further I would say
that was actually aimed at the Saudi
King to actually make it clear to the
king that this debacle whereby the Turks
have got the crown prince the Saudi
Crown Prince exactly where they want him
on his back foot can go on for a very
long time indeed and that is only going
to create instability in terms of
foreign investment which the Saudis may
be hoping to get at some point even
though things are looking very bad on
that side but also there is this
international idea which is being
bandied about which era one touched on
which was an impartial investigation in
the UN have mentioned and they might be
interested in doing such a thing we've
had statements from France Germany and
Britain in the last few days saying what
the Saudis are saying is is not credible
I wonder whether the impartial
investigation international
investigation may be at UN level maybe
the next step in this case
but what I'm seeing and what I'm reading
with elegant speech is that he's very
happy and where he is now he's prepared
to drag it out as long as possible he's
holding his hand out for a deal with
Saudi Arabia which he's not getting I'm
several analysts and world plays people
who I know are closer to him have told
me that that's what's really been taking
the times that he's been asking the
Saudis through backchannels
to come closer he may well think that an
international investigation which drags
out over many weeks and months and
possibly even years I mean look at the
Hariri investigation that's going on now
in in in Europe he may well think that
that is the way to bring the Saudis
closer into his fold to get what he
wants from them now the last thing we've
heard from the Saudi officials is that
this was an accident it happened because
of a fistfight that escalated in the
consulate and that's and that there are
people being held responsible and air
Dewan did say today that he doesn't
doubt the Kings sincerity but this at
the same time he called it a political
murder so where's the difference there
well I think he's given the the leverage
to - to Mohammed bin Salman there to
actually still continue with this idea
that MBS can be given some distance I
mean that is really what everyone's
trying to do it's all you know you've
got this international power gamble at
the moment between America Saudi Arabia
and Turkey each one wants a deal from
the other one I think what everyone was
saying was we can still work with this
idea if you wish that man had been
someone was actually not actually
directly responsible for what happened
but on my terms
so that was another key message which I
think will resonate through Riyadh in
right now is that can we work with the
with the Turks on the basis that we take
for granted as a diplomatic comfort if
you like to sue Saudi Arabia that at
least the crown prince was not part of
it in my personal view is it doesn't
really matter because whichever way you
look at this it looks pretty bad against
Mohammed bin Salman you know if he
wasn't actually personally behind it if
you didn't actually Commission it
himself
left it to one of his top people Al
Qahtani for example who is in the news
as being the one who orchestrated the
whole thing from Skype from Riyadh that
doesn't really paint a very good picture
for him or the country that he's ruling
at the moment because it makes it look
as though he's not even in control of
his own henchmen I think it's
inconceivable to assume that a guy like
Al Qahtani could mastermind the whole
thing from beginning to end and all the
ghastly details of it without having the
absolute support and green light from
his master so from my own perspective I
don't think we should humor that idea
that this was an operation that went
wrong and that in fact it wasn't even
how it been someone who was part of it I
don't accept that on a personal name my
name is Ilya and I'm here with Jack
Whelan in the studio would you agree
that in this particular case mr. Aird
Wan was also sending a message to the
rest of the international community and
how do you think they all accept that
well I think that he's sensing a
momentum and I think he realizes that if
you look at the relationship between
Turkey and America and how that spun on
a sixpence just a couple of just a week
or so ago and now relations are much
better between everyone and Trump he
said one must be sensing the impossible
position that Donald Trump is in now
because from the very beginning it's
been very clear
Trump's entire Middle East campaign his
entire anti-iran agenda agenda has been
based on selling to the American public
people who don't read understanding
Middle East a lot of blue-collar workers
that you know these people in the Middle
East are our allies the Saudis we need
them we need to work with them against a
threat in inverted commas of Iran that's
gonna be really hard now to tell to sell
to to the media and to to Trump's
support base you know there must be many
millions the nightmare scenario that
Trump has is that millions of his own
supporters start saying well we don't
really understand the Middle East but
aren't you backing the wrong people I
mean when you're talking about human
rights and terrorism I mean these people
who are who are in bed with us are
apparently just kidnapping and
dismembering people
and and shouldn't shouldn't there be a
human right some problem there so I
think he's sensing anyone is sensing
that Trump is going to have to do
something he cannot keep they cannot
sustain this this ridiculous support I
mean what's been buzzing around Twitter
and last few days you must have seen it
everybody is saying nobody in the whole
world is buying what the Saudis are
putting out now
except Donald Trump that's got to end
and I think in the next few days and few
hours you will see a different tone from
Donald Trump you know it's this thing's
bigger than him and he is already now
suffering from a certain amount of
groundswell in his own camp in his own
country from from media and also from
Congress who were asking themselves you
know do we really need to be so close to
here II need these people to be allies
if they're going to behave like that so
ed Irwin is holding out he's trying to
help Donald Trump the three of them
really need to get together and work out
how they can actually defuse this
situation if they want to stay as all
equal allies for the foreseeable future
but I don't think I don't see that
happening I've seen every I see the
Saudis just constantly digging
themselves deeper and deeper into a hole
and you know if rumors are to be
believed
which are being leaked by the La Figaro
a conservative French newspaper that
there is already talk within the House
of Saud of Mohammed bin Salman 's
brother to possibly take the throne to
take the Crown Prince position not
immediately but at a certain point in
the next couple of years you know to
ease him into it because you know you've
got a pretty solid position of Saudi
Arabia you know hits it's failed IP over
its own all company is really affecting
its own economy you have Mohammed bin
Salman and and and his old his whole
raison d'etre was to modernize the
country by 2030 they need a hundred
billion dollars the irony of this whole
story is that Saudi Arabia doesn't have
a hundred billion dollars to spend on
reform and making itself more attractive
to long term international investment
because it spends all that money on
American arms and fighting a phony war
against Iran which doesn't really need
to be doing so when to go back full
circle to what you said I think anyone
understands he understands the whole
geopolitics of the situation but I think
it's also really important for people
out there watching who may not
completely understand the relationship
between Turkey
and Saudi Arabia these are frenemies at
best you know we can't call them full-on
enemies because they're not but you know
the relationship between these two
countries also plays a huge factor in
what's going on right now you know
Edda one has ambitions of making turkey
and regional power with its own hegemony
you know it's a it's a key partner with
Qatar it's got very good relations with
Iran these are and it's also Friends of
the Muslim Brotherhood these are all red
flags for the Saudis is a reason why
Saudi Arabia hates um Turkey for all
these reasons together I'm being told
that edwin's people have floated the
idea to the Saudis hey help us with this
ID to help us develop our own regional
hegemony and that was rejected by the
Saudis
and that's why you've got this this
delay this impasse at the moment because
both the Saudis and the Turkish
administration Eden administration are
looking now to see well what's our next
move they're not going to do anything
until you hear the next word from Trump
because Trump will determine that
whether we take this this this debacle
up to the next level and we talk about
international investigations on a UN
level or it can be diffused and we can
try and do our best to save the best of
a worse situation and that may want mean
Mohammed bin Salman remains cramping in
a country which I would guess I would
estimate as a geopolitical expert is
drifting more and more away from America
and more into the arms of Russia
Martin Jay investigative journalist
thank you so much for joining us on the
program and breaking down this story
with us
you
