Facebook has claimed it helped the
Scottish National Party win the general
election in 2015
it's emerged the social media Titan
created a unit to assist the politicians
to reach a wider audience the news comes
amid pressure on Facebook over
supposedly helping Russia to meddle in
the u.s. election a killer Bois Pen has
details when it all started Facebook was
fun and innocent it was a place to share
your holiday snaps and keep up with
friends but then it got political
Facebook is even boasting about the fact
that it helped the Scottish National
Party to win sweeping victories in the
UK general elections of 2015 campaigners
across the political spectrum now
recognize the using Facebook and
Facebook ads in particular made a
demonstrable difference to the final
election results at this point little
did we know but Facebook has a
government and politics team that helps
win victories for its clients right now
the director of the team is Katie Harbin
a former Republican Party digital
strategist and apparently she's quite
good at her job
Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte
took office after a strong campaign that
included social media including Facebook
with the hashtag the leader I want the
Trump campaigns digital director also
says that Facebook helped them to win
the race so Facebook now lets you get to
places we took opportunities that I
think the other side didn't we had are
their staff embedded inside our offices
but what are you doing inside helping
teach us how to use their platform
Germany's rising anti-immigration party
the AFD actually had meetings with the
Facebook team which was happy to offer
them electoral advice doesn't this all
sound a lot like election meddling you
know that thing supposedly done by evil
Russians who purchase ads and hack
American Minds I don't want anyone to
use our tools to undermine democracy
that's not what we stand for so Facebook
is just completely Square and bipartisan
and that's why it has a special team
that helps politicians to win elections
makes sense right I think social media
and the people that run it are very
biased according to their own political
beliefs and I think that that's very
very dangerous and it's a shame and
that's why I've advocated for a long
time that concern cause usually
conservatives in this country are the
victims of it
I think conservatives in the United
States should certainly think of forming
and starting their own version of
Facebook and their own version of Google
and their own version of Twitter and I
don't understand
Facebook's kind of subversive political
machine that I don't think most people
are aware of and I think most people who
when they become aware of it like me
would be kind of concerned about it
