now a major prisoner swap has been
concluded between the Ukrainian
government and the two breakaway
republics of Donetsk and Lugansk Ramon
cosas de has the details this is the
largest prisoner exchange since the
beginning of the conflict back in X 2014
74 Ukrainian soldiers were returned from
Donetsk and Lugansk to Kiev while 306
were supposed to be returned from key
appear to Donetsk and Lugansk however
that figure has changed at the very last
minute with the authorities in Kiev
claiming that some of the prisoners had
already been released and some of the
prisoners had refused to be returned
back here the final number of those who
returned home to Donetsk Lugansk stands
at 240 the people however but everything
went smoothly during the prisoner swap
as the authorities and Makeba failed to
close the checkpoint as it was agreed
for this prisoner swap and they
exchanged took a little bit longer while
a lot longer than planned initially of
course this prisoner swap is a
humanitarian part of the Minsk
agreements which are designed to settle
the conflict here in the east of Ukraine
however one positive that can be taken
out of this is that the families will
see their loved ones for the new year
holidays both in Ukraine and here in the
contested territories as well
