the North Korean soldier who defected to
the South earlier this year has been
found to be carrying anthrax antibodies
in his blood the discovery has raised
concerns that Pyongyang may have
developed biological weapons kim
jeong-hoon has the capability to
weaponize more than a dozen biological
agents within just a few days if he
wants to wreak havoc on the Korean
Peninsula I meaning he was either
exposed to or vaccinated for the deadly
bacteria it comes amid increased concern
that Pyongyang is developing biological
weapons something long suspected by the
international community recently the
South Korean government reportedly
purchased 1,000 doses of a vaccine
against anthrax the supplies were
delivered in November according to media
reports to give you some background back
in 2015 the US military admitted to
accidentally ascending a batch of
anthrax samples to a base in South Korea
however no personnel were in jet
infected and the deadly bacteria were
destroyed security analyst Charles
Shoebridge told us any accusations
against North Korea should be treated
with a dose of skepticism North Korea is
a public whipping-boy
at the moment for certainly the Western
media and the West governments and so
therefore it's not surprising perhaps
that we see a similar train or trail of
accusations as we've seen in other
examples we all know that for example
claims of WMD
including biological weapons were made
as a pretext for the 2003 invasion of
Iraq by Britain and America those claims
proved to be totally false no doubt this
news will be used say that we need to
take stronger action against North Korea
but also in terms of further alienating
and isolating this government which of
course in the past has only served to
make it act in a more extreme manner
