the Pentagon is being sued by three
major US cities New York Philadelphia
and San Francisco as well accused of
failing to report X soldiers who should
not be allowed to purchase firearms the
US military's supposed the report felony
equivalent court-martial convictions for
certain crimes to a federal database at
the Pentagon however has admitted
failing to submit information about
individuals who went on to commit
massacres one case is that of an Air
Force servicemen who was discharged over
domestic assaults in November killed 26
people at a Texas church with Foreman's
video that we talked about going back
okay let's bring in Jennifer Breeden
international criminal law attorney an
expert on terrorism good to have you in
the program thanks for coming on today
as we mentioned there three cities major
cities New York Philadelphia San
Francisco suing the Pentagon over their
failure to report convictions I'm not
aware that this has president this
particular case unless you can correct
me I mean do you think they have a
strong case here at all well there are a
couple issues going on here on the facts
itself on the merits of the case they do
have a strong case because the Air Force
has admitted that some of their lower
officers are non-compliance with current
federal statutes that say they have to
report when there's to criminal act by
military servicemen not only as the Air
Force admitted that but some other
departments of the military such as the
army the Marines and the Navy they have
stated there are failures on their parts
and some of their lower servicemen to
report these crimes to the FBI for the
national gun registry things like that
so in terms of the merits itself yes I
think there is there is enough merit to
bring this to case it's not that there
is a precedent this hasn't really been
seen in terms of suing the Department of
Defense this is something that's gone on
for the past 20 years where military
units have failed to do this I think the
bigger question is the standing that
they have because you're talking about
three cities this is Philadelphia New
York and San
sisq√≥ who are claiming that the the
Department of Defense is failing to do
this what but the only example that
they're bringing is the serviceman in
Texas that the Texas church shooting
which was a former Air Force person so
my question is why aren't we seeing
Texas cities where the Texas authorities
why don't they think this that this is a
case that's worth bringing against the
Department of Defense you know why our
Texas Authority is there we haven't seen
that going on whereas there has been a
lot of scrutiny on Philadelphia New York
in particular because you've had two
terrorist attacks in the past month one
in Harrisburg Pennsylvania over the last
week was an actual terrorist attack
against police officers this person was
not in the military so it seems a little
bit a little less like really caring
about the failures of the Department of
Defense and a little more like trying to
shift blame from some of these city
giants like Philadelphia New York from
their failures of state law enforcement
against actual terrorist attacks to the
Department of Defense for something that
happened in Texas it's easy to you know
have hindsight and speculate here and of
course hindsight they say you have 20/20
vision but I mean could the massacre of
the churchgoers in Texas Southern
Springs the one you just mentioned could
that have been prevented could the
impact have been less if that gunman if
Devin Kelly's earlier conviction had
been reported to the FBI he might have
been prevented from purchasing those
firearms or intercepted detained could
things have gone differently absolutely
I think that these laws are in place and
the laws that are in place the laws that
are in question now are actually to
prevent things like that happened with
Devin Kelley in Texas um in fact there
was one local gun owner in Texas who
refused to sell a firearm to mr. Kelly
just for reasons that were undisclosed
but there are loopholes still even in
the law so for example even if every
single military body and military
personnel reported criminal convictions
which landed in the the gun registered
database they still have what's called a
gun show loophole and in some states if
there's a gun show with private sellers
things like that not all of them have to
adhere or they should but not all of
them adhere to federal gun
these laws so they won't look into those
so that's another loophole that's still
problematic but to answer your question
yes these are the kinds of federal
oversight programs that is supposed to
prevent especially some of our most
highly trained military men and women
from purchasing a firearm if they have a
criminal conviction the Pentagon
actually recently acknowledged I believe
that had failed to comply with
requirements dating back to the 1990s
quite a while back I mean this is a
question really of accountability isn't
it do you expect any officials any
senior officials to be held account two
over what's happened I believe so but I
think you know we're seeing a lot
especially in the last decade we're
seeing a lot of trying to shift the
blame to other things and so we really
need to see our administration and I
think you're seeing this now Attorney
General Jeff Sessions has been calling
on the the ATF Bureau Alcohol Tobacco
and Firearms to work more closely with
the FBI and other local law enforcement
agencies but really you know we're gonna
have to see people stand up and say look
there's gonna be oversight you're going
to lose your jobs if you don't comply
with federal laws we have to see more of
that from the top down and we have to
see more compliance between different
agencies and local law enforcement
rather than holding on to information
and not passing it out all right thanks
for Jennifer Jennifer Breeden
international criminal law attorney and
terror expert thanks for your insight
today on that story
