North Korea is also proving to be a
troublesome topic for a French
children's magazine because it's been
pulled from shelves over an article
which suggested that the country wasn't
a real state and it said the same about
Israel prompting strong complaints from
Jewish groups in Paris his Charlotte
dibinsky a French children's educational
magazine has provoked a firestorm of
criticism here in France now in the
latest edition of VOP it features a fact
sheet for children which says we call
these 197 countries states like France
Germany and Algeria Europe eat the
magazine then goes on to suggest that
not all of the countries in the world
agree that Israel and North Korea are
real states the magazine has since been
withdrawn from sale here in France and
the publisher has apologized they go on
to say that this does not mean that they
do not recognize the existence of Israel
yet that apology made absolutely no
mention at all of North Korea well we've
been gauging reaction on the streets of
Paris to what people think about this
publication just I would like you to
hazard a guess how many countries you
think there are in the world
250 300 maybe 10 closer to 200 300 646
out of 195
magazine in France for children it says
that not all of these countries are real
I won't need to have a guess what ones
would spring to mind for you the smaller
countries collect Kazakhstan and Ukraine
maybe I don't know what countries
wouldn't be a real country the Kurds of
the Kurdistan that wouldn't necessarily
be America America is a country I don't
know okay you stuck me on that one I'm
sorry
okay this magazine says that Israel and
North Korea are not real countries
what's your reaction to that well I
think that's fake news I don't take so
what about Israel well it's rictus is
recognized as a country i would never
say that they were not real countries i
wouldn't think that would happen in
france doesn't sound very educational
