Israeli lawmaker has been filmed
shouting insults at Palestinians as they
were on their way from Gaza to visit
relatives in Israeli jails just before
that he'd tweeted a photo of himself
with an Israeli flag saying he'd come to
confront the families of what he
described as animals the Jewish
Parliament's press service has refused
so far at least to comment on the
incident the firebrand behind the stunt
orang Hassan says he was trying to
garner support for a new bill that would
prevent Palestinian families from
visiting prisoners in Israel he staged
the numerous publicity stunts before
Hassan and who's a member of the Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's Likud
Party first gained notoriety with a
Godfather style political ad he also
tried to discredit a left-wing NGO by
creating a false identity in order to
provide made-up testimony and he once
threatened to execute the family of an
alleged Palestinian criminal in a
facebook video and more recently he
violated protocol by taking an unplanned
selfie with Donald Trump during his
visit to Israel in Maine joining me live
now is Ilana Salenko from the
International Committee of the Red Cross
in Israel oh no no thanks for coming on
the program having seen that footage
they're pretty shocking to a lot of
people I mean what's your reaction to
Oren has Anne's behavior in the video
we're very concerned about this incident
of course because for us what we try to
do we try to give the opportunity to
families to visit their loved ones who
are in prisons and protecting human
dignity as a humanitarian organization
that is extremely important to us so
people being treated this way being
insulted on one of the buses that we
provided to them to be able to go and
visit their families is is something
that is unacceptable
because they were elderly they were
children there were lots of women on
that bus so that's why we call on the
Israeli authorities to help us how much
sure that these incidents don't happen
in the future well yet to hear a comment
from the the press service of the
Israeli Parliament I suppose people who
would defend this would say this is
perhaps a one-off Oren has and perhaps
is a a normally among parliamentarians
but to your knowledge does this sort of
thing happen often in Israel is anything
being done to prevent harassment of
Palestinians who just want to visit
their relatives in prison we organise
these visits regularly this is a problem
that we have had for 15 years organizing
the visits for the Palestinian families
to visit their extended family members I
am not aware of other incidents that
happened on the same nature but still
nevertheless this is an important
incident to us and we try to do
everything possible that to make sure
that these type of incident will not
happen in the future
Hassan he also says he wants Israeli
soldiers who have been captured in Gaza
to be returned back to two Israeli
territory is there enough cooperation
from the Palestinian side on this issue
of prisoner exchanges on both sides
there have been various likes following
different conflicts that took place
between the Israeli side and between
Hamas there are several there people
missing people like the either missing
Israelis and also missing Palestinians
and for us is a humanitarian
organization the pain of the missing of
the families of the missing people is
one of the utmost priorities and we've
been calling on the authorities on both
sides to respect their obligation and to
the international humanitarian law and
do everything possible to provide the
families of the missing persons with the
information about their family members
because for a family who spends years
not knowing what happened to the fate of
their loved one that
now the pain is unbearable just
expanding on the interview a little bit
I don't know going off topic but there
has been a lot of a lot of disorder in
the region because of the Jerusalem
decision taken by Donald Trump in the
last few weeks it's about three weeks
that's been ongoing now can you just
tell us a bit about the situation with
that are things calling down on now and
what's the Red Cross doing to facilitate
reaching those who perhaps been injured
in those clashes and to facilitate again
as we said prisoner exchanges well the
decision is such is a political decision
so like is a humanitarian organization I
don't think that we're in a good
position to make comments about
something that is a largely a political
and a diplomatic move with regards to
what the Red Cross have been doing the
National away we collaborate with
national societies with the in Israel
with Magen David Adom and with on the
Palestinian side with the Palestinian
Red Crescent Society and with the
situation with different protests that
have been taking place it's mostly the
Palestinian Red Crescent Society that
has been involved so they have been
evacuating people to hospital in their
ambulances okay alone is sitting Co
International Committee of the Red Cross
in Israel thanks so much for giving that
update on what's going on on the ground
there thanks for your for your time
thank you
