it's more than five months since Iraq's
second-largest city was liberated from
ISIL but there's precious little for the
people of Mosul to return to in his
latest report from the city morgue as
dia reveals the grim reality of life
there today there are things you have to
see to believe
Musel is such a place the old city of
Mosul is by any measure a dead and
miserable place more rubble than
buildings and even that mixed with
unexploded bombs and decaying bodies yet
despite these people are coming back to
live here and most often not out of
choice hallie majority margin here at
the day energy Vostro when in Masada to
a duel
almani ha mangu shook the us-led
coalition spent all in all more than
$100,000 per airstrike hundreds and
hundreds just in Mosul the money
required for just a few airstrikes could
feed all the civilians and old Mosul for
months but no one has sent anything the
local garrison division 5 shares its
food with the locals and NGO showed up
and handed out blankets but that's it no
one else has helped local ownership
receive 'no way no other mussina mussina
Wadala y'all moat nah-nah-nah-nah - this
isn't life it is a grim existence
imagine spending your days salvaging
copper wire to feed your family at 11
years of age she be going to school
ah doesn't mardan what else is there to
do in Mosul before actually serving more
scientists all our questions I mean
let's if gia button
these children have been through hell
and you know hard
Jonnie hack the side and the highland of
SIA oh what a mangina gardener you got
this one a tamale man your horse
couette galbi mohammed m2 and closing
your eyes won't help
not in Musel the smell is always there
to remind you how many people are still
buried under the rubble here's good
bishoujo wire stop the see you roughly
thousands while I light a beaut school
here and learning our hellos are
adorable
if not the smell then hunger if not that
then the dormant bombs if not them Isis
five months since they declared victory
our escorts walked around with pistols
in their hands drawn and cocked ready
for Isis hideaways the gravel Cynthia
China with the eyes we will have to read
then go home on my goomah of money if I
will Alma Guam Nam got the Slovak dr.
Gailen I had a share of a mother it'll
take you no longer than a few minutes to
find Isis flags or propaganda weapons
ammunition or unexploded bombs bodies
tunnels there's one of their tunnels
that Isis used to move in and around the
city or hiding in the road the alumina
but the world has forgotten Mosul it's
out of fashion no longer trending and
locals have a well-founded suspicion
that this was never about saving them a
recent investigation by The Associated
Press agency found that up to eleven
thousand civilians were killed during
the battle for Mosul that's ten times
higher than earlier estimates a third of
those were killed by a rocky and us-led
airstrikes the Norwegian Refugee
council's media coordinator in Iraq told
us more about the difficulties Mosul
residents face now we have managed to
rehabilitate a water plant that's
providing water to a hundred thousand
people but we're struggling with the
same issues that these people are
struggling with we're trying to provide
education in West Mosul but one
principle came to us and asked us to
remove dead bodies from his school
before we could do that and there are
also unexploded order and ordinances
throughout the city that's making it
very difficult for us there are still
camps for people outside Mosul and the
longer those people are there the more
we provide them with there's a camp that
we manage for 25,000 people around 30
kilometers from the city and we've
provided these people with blankets
heaters we're setting up schools there's
a market in these camps we're trying to
make life as manageable in these camps
as we can for them because obviously
again by the footage and the photographs
and the stories they can't return to the
city immediately and it may in fact be
many more months before they can
