all right Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report hypnotized and mesmerized Stacy
max just follow this up okay audience
Max is hypnotized now give us your
password to your Bitcoin wallet max
right
you know max what today's boxing day and
that's why I had this little flag of st.
George on there oh yeah mmm-hmm so
there's been quite a few interesting
headlines it's been chaotic in a whole
Bitcoin world and some chaotic in the
financial markets equity markets leading
up into the Christmas holidays here's a
headline from fortune desperate Bitcoin
investors who forget their passwords are
resorting to hypnotherapy you actually
tweeted this and I saw this right before
we came in to record this and so I kind
of skipped over the present the gift I
was giving to the audience of the other
headlines so what do you have to say
about this well somewhere in everyone's
collective minds are all the passwords
to all the crypto everywhere it'll rain
down on humanity billions and billions
of dollars as we collectively reach the
password needed to unlock markup Ellis
over there about he's going to be
a billionaire this year thanks to being
the magic of Satoshi Nakamoto people who
have lost their passwords need to go to
hypnotherapy immediately and unlock
those passwords using the magic of
hypnotherapy just think about the
password where you were at the time you
were engaging in that word that unlock
your wallet and you too can be
instability NER I've lost so many
passwords over the years so many Bitcoin
given away so many but I don't care
anymore because the world is changing
for family due to blockchain crypto
Bitcoin in a way that will mean the end
of Jamie Dimon and his tapeworm
fantasies I don't need money
I love seeing Jamie bleed I actually
there's you know if you go to Reddit or
Big Talk forums you'll see a whole
series of people linking to their
Bitcoin on the blockchain saying help I
got these hundred Bitcoin there in like
2010 and they were only worth $20 and I
lost the password can somebody help me
get these that's amazing it's so
biblical in some way you know there's a
pilgrimage people go on through their
minds trying to find that touchstones of
their own selves to unlock the password
for the Bitcoin and you know this is
gonna go on for remember the guy who
buried like a hundred million dollars in
a landfill because it was trapped on his
hard drive well actually I was gonna
mention that he is actually offering now
ten percent to anybody who could help
him get that his hard drive yeah well
it's in there it'll soon be worth a
billion dollars and you know just like I
go on treasure hunt and they go down
into the deep blue sea looking for
hidden treasure and wrecks with lots of
gold on there you know they're gonna be
digging through the the landfill to get
that hard drive well you know there was
another gift and that is the tax reform
but we're gonna get into that the next
episode because you talked to Michael
Pento when we were in New York and I'm
gonna save that for the next episode but
because we're talking about in the
second half you have a very fascinating
interview with this guy with about
handbags and Michelle Locke's gonna
really love that interview because I
want to talk about stores of value
because this has been a big debate
that's been raging obviously this
Bitcoin cash Bitcoin Bitcoin versus
Bitcoin cash all these sort of is it a
store value is it a means of exchange
what is Bitcoin
well investors are dumping gold to buy
Bitcoin say strategists a key trend in
the gold market has just been broken and
bick going could be to blame the gold
miners ETF GDX has fallen nearly fifteen
percent from its September highs while
gold has plunged to lows unseen since
the end of July
this is curious says Larry McDonald head
of US macro strategy at ACG analytics as
the move lowering gold has also been
followed by a move down in bond yields
which according to the strategist is
very rare of course after this article
it did kind of swap a little bit
on you'll start to rise and Bitcoin did
start to rise as well but yes well we've
been saying this for quite some time
there's a move out of everything into
Bitcoin and this is part of the Bitcoin
black hole is pulling gold right now
gold and silver is being pulled into the
Bitcoin black hole because it's a
superior store of value essentially and
nobody wants to carry around pounds and
pounds of silver and kilos of gold you
know I mean when you can put all this on
a thumb drive or a memory wallet and
then lose them every wallet and then end
up in a landfill picking through diapers
looking for an old hard drive so he says
that there was an 82% correlation
between bond yields and gold and that's
been broken at the moment because of
Bitcoin is what he blames he also sees
that there's more downside risk to gold
because he says if you add up all the
crypto currencies and the liquid gold
that is in the market right now the
crypto currency is a market cap are now
23% of the liquid tradable gold that is
up from 2 or 3% a year ago so crypto
currencies are definitely eating in to
the gold play well you know gold is not
a finite supply you know they're adding
to the tons of gold mined every year
hundreds of tons of gold added to supply
supply is expanding in 2018 what we'll
see our central banks adding Bitcoin to
their strategic reserves alongside gold
so big gold buyers like China and Russia
will be adding Bitcoin to their
strategic reserves some banks possibly
in Venezuela they could completely
change their fortunes in the global
economy by switching over to crypto
switching over to Bitcoin and then that
will set a precedent for other countries
to follow suit well in fact Bulgaria has
like 3 billion dollars worth of Bitcoin
that they seized from some scamster
that's actually the benefit you know in
the early days of Bitcoin one of the
things that was often said by
governments who said or threatened they
were going to shut it down or attempt to
shut it down was that it was you know a
haven for you know no do-gooders like
drug runners and drug cartels
hitmen and all that sort of thing but a
lot of those people a lot of the scam
artists online scam artists and
shakedown artists are based in places
like Bulgaria Romania so the fact that
they get to seize the assets of these
bad guys you know you become a safe
haven for bad guys and you could seize
all their assets and that's right it's
not a bug it's a feature look I mean
talking about bad guys and money
launderers and evildoers and
cryptocurrencies let's not forget that
it's estimated 20 to 30 trillion dollars
held offshore unaccounted for by any tax
authority that money is always looking
for safe havens that money is always
buying fine art and chateaus and yachts
and that money is down inching its way
into Bitcoin that's another you know
10,000 percent gain right there from
current prices then you've got the hedge
funds nibbling at it then you've got
more apps like the one from cash you
know the people over there at we're
square you know they've got an app
called cash you know it's gonna compete
with coinbase and it'll be millions more
people getting into it you mentioned
hedge funds hedge funds are pulling out
of gold and seeking thrills elsewhere
hedge funds are pulling out of gold bets
as more exciting moves and equities and
crypto currencies make safe haven
investments look boring money managers
cut their bets on a bullion rally at the
fastest pace in five months as prices
headed for their worst quarterly loss
and the year speculators are throwing in
the towel as the metal failed to sustain
the gains that took futures to a
one-year high in September of course
throwing in the towel is a good time to
start investing right there's a concept
and investing called capitulation when
all the sellers have sold there's no
more sellers left you know it then any
buying on the margin will start a rally
and you start the whole process over
again on the bull side so I think 2018
actually in a contrarian point of view
will see gold hit new all-time highs
which would be you know roughly a 60%
move from here let's say which is not
very interesting if you're a crypto is
enthusiasts but nevertheless it would
hit a new all-time high yes some of the
alt coins especially because they're
lower market cap will rise like up to 75
percent in a day so it's pretty crazy
but speaking of Bitcoin and hedge funds
bill Miller's hedge fund has half of his
money in Bitcoin Bill Miller is a giant
in the investing space he was at Legg
Mason for 35 years he founded there SP
500 investment fund at Legg Mason and
remarkably he says that there 50 percent
in Bitcoin right now partly because of
the price rise it's he he got in I guess
that before $6,000 between a thousand
and six thousand dollars he got in and
it's because of the price rises now
makes up as a percentage of his fund
it's fifty percent Bill Miller was out
beating the market for decades and then
he had a down year or a couple down
years he kind of retired now he's reborn
the rising like a phoenix in the crypto
space and as his performance numbers
come in look pence era capital I think
is the name of the group they reported
24,000 percent return on their crypto
portfolio versus let's say Quantum Fund
which is George Soros and Jim Rogers
they were considered to be one of the
best minds in finance they generated
something like a 4,600 return percent
return over the life of that fund
approximately 10 years they're
considered geniuses here
Pantera returned 24,000 percent in less
than three years it may even be just for
one year so this obviously is going to
attract that multi trillion dollar hedge
fund market plus money managers like Ben
Miller plus sovereign wealth funds
remember that some more trillions of
dollars waiting to be invested in crypto
plus the central bank's so the amount of
buying pressure ready to come into the
space is in the multi hundred trillion
people are piling in and now they're
piling in against the likes of Bill
Miller and all the early holders and the
the people who have been around in the
space who have survived at least five or
six down markets of 50 60 70 up to 90%
so people are piling in and I do notice
something that's happening is that
they're just looking at the price of
whatever a small whatever one of the
thousand altcoins or tokens is and
they're thinking all of it will go as
high as big
and they missed the Bitcoin ride so
they're gonna invest in anything that's
under like $100 and hope it rises and it
has of course as they all pile in it's
their tiny markets and they'll pile in
and drive the price up so there is a bit
of a you know a speculative bubble going
on there in terms of some of the
altcoins well you know people compare
let's say litecoin charlie leaves coin
with silver and bitcoin being the gold
of the space and an interesting
comparison there because if you follow
gold and silver you know that when gold
moves silver will react more
aggressively on a percentage basis up or
down and I think going forward anyone
who's interested in this you buy bitcoin
as a core position and you nibble away
at these other coins but you need to own
as a core position Bitcoin and then
learn as much as you possibly can about
Bitcoin then you can learn about why
these other coins are different than
Bitcoin but bitcoin is the gateway into
this whole universe and you must begin
there well you as when you were a banker
you saw that a lot of people would say
Oh Warren Buffett shares and Berkshire
Hathaway are way too expensive it's like
$300,000 that's too expensive to buy
well the 19 or the 1980s they were at
$2,000 and they were considered you know
a lot of brokers and I was working on
Wall Street would say are you kidding
it's too high you know now they're
pushing you know $300,000 so price is
really a meaningless metric in many ways
but that unit bias as some call it they
assume the bitcoins are the multi tens
of thousands and this one's at eight
hundred therefore it's cheaper that's
that's not correct there's no
correlation between price and value and
you say cheaper like that and I want to
say the correlation between price and
value that will also the bias towards
lower prices our friend Michelle Locke
over at mr. Kham thinks that buying a
coach an bag or something like that for
$65 there was a famous bit where he's
like look why are women spending $25,000
on this Birkin handbag yes when you
could get this one looks perfectly fine
to me for $65 yes and you do talk about
this in the second half but before we go
tell us
what is that password Stacy is my
goddess Stacy is my goddess
- slashed 574 - met Stacy well stay
tuned for the second half we're gonna be
talking about handbags don't go away
welcome back to the cars report I'm Max
Keiser the day after Christmas show with
Santa Claus good - did Santa bring you
one of these well this looks nice
let's learn more about it from Jeff
Burke Jeff welcome
hi max could be in New York all right
Jeff Burke let's talk about handbags and
the Birkin bag what is the Birkin bag
it's phenomenon from a businessman and a
fashion standpoint um this this bag was
conceived by Armas and far back is this
is five years
sure is named after the famous celebrity
actress Jane Birkin allegedly made by
Armas on her behalf
um but what this bag has done it has
rained world champion of luxury and
sophistication to women around the world
so Jeff you are a guy who deals in bags
these types of bag high-end bags you've
got I guess an Instagram presence yes we
do and you you do fifty five million
dollars in revenue since two thousand
one two thousand twelve two thousand
twelve excuse me in bags yes and this
bag would go for what and in your market
in our marketplace um if someone walked
into erm hasn't bought that at the store
which is otherwise impossible to do
that's a $12,000 bag the customers
around the world did want us to get that
on their behalf depending on how hot the
color was that's a hot color they're
paying us between eighteen and
twenty-five thousand for a $12,000 and
this is a limited edition obviously bag
right that mean they these all Birkin
bags they sure are these are variations
on that theme that's right so and and a
Zelan Birkin get a kickback on all this
Jane Birkin Jane Birkin no Jane Birkin
I'm just saying it's a don't apologize
just she sold the rights to the company
years ago really yeah okay and so
this is the reason we're talking about
this today is because you know this goes
back to one of our guest Mike shed lock
oh yeah oh who we had on and he said he
couldn't believe that women paid these
prices and collectors pay prices for
handbags at these extraordinary levels
but why not I mean these are these are
essentially collectibles right
yes sir and they're in high demand super
high so why wouldn't people pay up for
them I mean um it's really as far as
Irma's concern is not just a question of
ability to pay
it's how they select the customers that
they give the opportunity to pay for the
bag you no matter what your celebrity
status is or affluence you can't just
roll into her bed and say hey I'm wealth
yeah why I hear about this Birkin bags I
want to buy one today
why not there's a very limited supply
the one in your hand I'm gonna have to
guess takes between 45 to 48 hours to
make those handles literally take six
hours to make of rolling on a craftsman
leg so what that is is a very limited
supply and what ramez's has is this
unarticulated system that they're saving
that $12,000 bag for the VIP customer
that's coming in to buy fifteen to
twenty five thousand dollars of other
stuff
table top bedding apparel of things like
that all right okay and what is the pay
to pay to pay system the pay to pay
system is something we've coined about
what I just articulated to you another
example is this bag right here is what
is called industry wise and exotic being
crocodile alligator ostrich
it has a US retail of about sixty five
thousand dollars and in order to be able
to get the opportunity to buy something
like this
the customer is gonna have to be
spending in the store sixty-five to have
$100,000 and other stuff in that
calendar year in order to be offered the
opportunity to buy one so now we're
getting an idea how this all works and
this is another variation on it well
what can you tell us about this fabulous
bag this is this fabulous bag is
actually a fabulous bag if you're a
Birkin geek it's a color called Lagoon
and they only made it for a few years
and they stopped I think in 2009 and
when I gave you that estimate before
this someone pays us between 18 and 25
even though this is a used bag in our
niche is an unused bag even though this
is a used bag the color is in super high
demand
because they'd simply don't make the
color anymore and women are willing to
pay it for used bag because there's no
woman who got this crazy color who
didn't use it so the opportunity to get
something in unused condition is almost
impossible so is the market primarily
women oh yeah and men buying on the
behalf of their women for for women okay
and and so if this is say do people
actually go around the street carrying a
$65,000 bag hopefully not in the rain
max alligators should do well I suppose
you know a lot of people talk about the
Birkin is an investment and I think I
don't know if it's technically an
investment but you do have to treat it
well if you want it to retain this value
right and this is is there like you know
collectible cars or Ferraris and whatnot
there are certain years that are better
than others vintage years yeah does that
apply to this market I would say that
the Irma's burke and customer is a
parallel universe
to the guys that you're talking about
that they could sustain something how
does a 1967 Mustang still worth 90,000
there's guys who support that market
place I would say there isn't so much of
integer year for this stuff as much as
their vintage
editions you know this for example the
blue goo and I told you about it was a
very short run that this particular
color was made so it's more the
collection in the color than the year
itself how did you get into this I've
been in luxury and Finance my whole life
provided abl financing to some of the
biggest retailers in luxury goods
companies in the world and we took a lot
of merchandise in possession back
we're reselling it and my wife started
tinking around on eBay and with watches
and jewelry and we she sold a couple of
these for girlfriends errors and needed
money at the time and she was just blown
apart by the the feedback and she took a
quick analysis like who are all the
second-place people out here doing that
they seem to be like women with a not so
great website and maybe on eBay and that
was like late to 13 and she said you
know no one's doing this on Instagram
yet I could figure out the hashtag of
hashtag Bourke and hashtag 35 centimeter
Birkin on and on so forth and she
started buying and selling them and she
had a theory I'd had an execute and
that's where we've stayed ever since I'm
so similar to my situation
your wife is the brains of the operation
absolutely let's me stay up front while
she's moving that happy weight in the
back all right so how do people know
that you are going to deliver such an
extravagant product to them you know
what what's the trust factor you have
like a rating system or how do you how
does that work um you know that's an
awesome question it was hard in the
beginning because we were when at least
40% of our business is international 35%
is just the Middle East alone so yeah
even today as big as we are we have a
superior reputation in the genre you
know what makes a woman in Buenos Aires
take that leap of faith to wire a
$70,000 without using their credit card
and it's every single woman it's a
sophisticated customer generally they're
a highly educated customer and they do
their diligence that what we do is real
and what our service is exemplary do you
buy bags that's our difference if I if I
say so one of the things we're known
about is our superior collection there's
tons of people around the world who do
what we do and a lot of them we have
friendly relationships with do you have
a black mat so black yes we do we'll
trade it back and forth but the biggest
market maker in the world in these bags
we by accident set up an international
trading platform on our Instagram
account where buyers and traders could
move products in and out it's amazing to
me that you can create such a big market
on one style of bag I mean amazed do
they do other styles of bags or is this
their signature basher no there's a few
other bags that we still still sell
people come asking us for it's called a
Kelly and a Constance and there's less
down the food chain then there's other
or at least expensive bags you can go
buy those the dermis so there isn't the
inaccessibility for this or the mystique
that this bag does they're amazed I take
the big bag in the big name in bags and
for the foreseeable future
really they won't change the way that
they're doing business they won't change
this pay to pay system that they had
because they're their Wall Street stop
darling we must be aware of this I mean
they cast such a huge shadow over Prada
and LVMH and caring and it's a lot
because of this mystique that they have
this is a James or initiate product Jain
Burke and the wife of
of sarrish Gainsbourg that Jane Birkin D
Jane Birkin the is that the right Jane
Birkin actress musician culture icon the
English woman French she's right a
French guy Jane Birkin she's married she
wasn't ready to Sam's games Borg I'm
Felicia I don't know let's look it up
we'll find out more details about this
and do you have any personal favorites
yourself do you follow this market or
are you just basically will you expand
into anything else are you gonna stay
pretty much in this in this area would
it be an expansion into something
something else more and more guy centric
for example this is clearly very female
centric is there anything else that you
would look at it's an awesome question
it's a debate that we have almost every
week you know what do we do now we have
a community but by my metrics and I do a
lot of research
Irma's is very cagey they don't give out
print production data they don't talk
about what they do when they do how they
do it but by my long research even
though I'm proud of what we've done I
believe we have less than 5% of the bags
that are being bought and sold all over
the world I think we have a lot to do by
just getting off Instagram but there's a
man I appreciate our maz's commitment to
quality I appreciate them as a company
I've got an Armorer's briefcase that
I'll never sell so does it matter if
cases don't have the same cachet you'd
be surprised I've you know my wife put
up my briefcase a couple times so we had
some pretty aggressive people asking for
it what what what is the future of this
whole market do you see it is it totally
reliant on the luxury goods market in
other words if the luxury have you seen
during 20 mm or a recession for example
yeah how did that impact your business
although you came in a little later than
the genesis of this is 2012 I was up to
my eyeballs in the luxury goods business
in 2008 I have a lot of commentary on
that okay I dance you a question about
this point going forward I think the
real future for luxury isn't so much is
the fashion consumer I think still we
and someone like a Philips auctions
who's done dynamite with the collectible
watches they just did that Paul Newman
Rolex like seventeen million I don't
want to say we're recession proof but I
would suggest that our customer and the
watch auction customer is almost
impervious to this and what these people
are spending big
for now we set the world record for
$300,000 bag last year and the Wall
Street Journal broke it with this super
f1 are willing to do and excited to do
is get something that nobody else has
it's not so much a symbol of getting
this bag and carrying it isn't so much a
symbol of hey I'm wealthy I could do
this I have a competency I know how to
get it right and and they hold their
value pretty well super well so netting
the idea of like on an annualized basis
what the appreciation spend any numbers
on that there's if you went and googled
Birkin as an investment you find
thousands of articles on how it's
outpaced the S&P right since in the last
30 years outpaced gold outpaced oil um
it's all true that bag right there is a
used bag also that white one and that
was probably a $5,000 bag when it was
made in 2003 and we're gonna sell it for
ound 19 so take that forward as well so
how do people find what you're doing
it's all on Instagram hustling the
interface starts off Instagram but
there's a whole community like these car
geeks we're talking about there's a
whole community of blogs and forums
where women are going on 24/7 all over
the world can you trust this resale or
have you had experience with this
reseller turn up Jeff Burke thanks for
being on the show thank you awesome
that's gonna do it for this edition of
the Kaiser report with me max Kaiser and
Stacy Herbert like to thank our guest
Jeff Burke he's the man with the bags if
you want to reach us on twitter it's
Kaiser report until next time bye y'all
