bus has crashed into the stairwell of an
underground pedestrian crossing with
police just confirming at least five
dead our correspondent Hugo Jennifer's
just literally got there now ego we've
got on our site RT comm just living our
views as well as some latest video in of
a streak footage from high up of this
bus taking a look at it now it is it
seems to start from a standing position
veer off by itself bizarrely go down
this underpass and absolutely bizarre
accident what do we know so far what's
the scene around you there well exactly
Calvin you can't really tell what's
happening here because the video that
you've just shown it clearly knows some
very weird picture the bus is at a full
stop then it just goes into Drive and
instead of driving left it goes right
hitting the pedestrian crossing the
subway crossing which is just behind me
just behind that kiosk over there and we
can see from from from here we can see
that the bus is still there then so many
tau tracks track trucks and so many
vehicles here because it is the bus is
still there now obviously a lot of
ambulances here too because it has been
confirmed five people are dead some more
than ten have been injured so there are
multiple versions of what's happened
none of them are confirmed yet of course
it could be the bad weather conditions
you can see you can see what it is like
here I mean the brakes could have the
brakes could have stopped working you
know on that bus so that's that's why it
probably started moving maybe before the
driver intended to also we know that the
driver has been arrested so obviously
we'll get more information about the
causes of this horrific tragedy after
after the policeman you are done working
with the driver the police have been
quick to point out that they don't
believe at this point any terrorism has
been involved here you're hearing that
as well yes yes it is true the police
are saying there is not a terrorist
attack they have been very blatant about
this again multiple versions it could be
I mean they're saying reportedly the
driver was not drunk because in Moscow
if you're a bus driver you you are
tested you are tested before sitting in
the driver's seat before every
before every shift of yours so reports
are saying that the driver it was
alright he was good to drive other
reports are saying that he's been
working in this company for thirty years
and that his son is also a bus driver in
Moscow
so really we'll bring you more as we as
we get it but yeah you can we also know
that there have been medical helicopters
here flying around and taking people to
hospital you know by or by air and so
we'll bring you more as we get it from
the scene a really busy time of day
there as well of course people out doing
maybe a last bit of shopping before the
new year etc but the big celebrations
here that's a business station yeah has
just started yeah it is a busy station
it's just uh it's one of the one of
Moscow's main station at I should say
also also we know that it is the
beginning of the rush hour it's not that
the streets are to facts I mean in the
video that you're showing right now you
can clearly see there are no traffic
jumps but that's usually the time when
people start going home from work so so
if if the tragedy was to happen later in
the day probably there would have been
more victims yeah well the lot of
cameras were on that was there some
really graphic pictures we were just
showing there then that we've blurred
out at least the security guys have got
a lot to go on there I suppose
to try and make a bizarre and tragic
accident here today we'll let you get
across more of what what may have gone
on just to clarify and sources we don't
know fix is exactly the police yeah but
sources most sources saying they don't
believe there's a connection to
terrorism here we want to get that
clarified from the police of course so
we'll let you go get back to that as we
just watch once again that bizarre scene
of that bus accelerating going way off
road across a big pavement and going
down an underpass into a metro station
we think at least five killed today
bizarre and tragic scene
