the dust starts to settle from the
operation to liberate the Iraqi city of
Mosul the cost to its residents is
becoming more painfully vivid more
Agastya has been to the city to assess
the real scale of the civilian tragedy
winning isn't always pretty
Mosul is testament to that it's been
almost half a year since they declared
this a victory and it was despite its
ugliness better this than Isis but no
one mentioned the smell five months on
Mosul still stinks of death the stench
of decaying and decayed bodies
everywhere it permeates the old city
it's nowhere near as strong as it was
back during the summer for obvious
reasons but there are still countless
bodies buried under all this rubble and
no one knows how long it will take to
get to all of them they everywhere the
corpses of Isis fighters buried under
the wreckage together with civilians
woman children unexploded bombs shells
rockets there are still people under the
rubble a woman just found her husband
under the wreckage but no one can get
him out it smells terrible it smelled
even worse Nature has done its job but
rescuers overwhelmed the sheer work
required to dig up an entire city is
mind-boggling there is simply too many
corpses they cleared away the bodies of
civilians that they could see but they
haven't been able to reach those in the
collapsed houses three or four of our
neighboring families came here thinking
the area was clear but there were very
heavy air strikes there now buried here
a recent investigation conducted by The
Associated Press
found that approximately 10,000
civilians were killed during the Battle
of
a third of them killed by the us-led
coalition and Iraqi airstrikes what they
did not account for those still to be
recovered from the rubble this book
alone contains the names of 7,000 dead
victims I have four or five of these a
senior health official in Mosul province
who is forbidden from speaking on camera
tipped us off on the true scale of what
happened and the casualties keep on
coming in here's another little surprise
a kid or even an adult might not know
what this is an Isis made bomb
this one's unexploded so the child was
walking around the families that are
returning he could kick it could try to
play with it touch it and set it off
these elated all over Mosul last Tuesday
three young children were killed when
they were playing in the wreckage of a
collapsed house all three died when an
explosive device or bomb exploded every
day we got two or three more bodies
victims of new explosions these could be
from anything an Isis booby trap an
unexploded Iraqi shell or a bomb dropped
by the us-led coalition months ago
official statements on civilian
casualties about a thousand dead made by
the Iraqi government the us-led
coalition even by the UN are
ridiculously understated but dig a
little deeper and you likely stumble on
one of the biggest civilian massacres in
recent history for I'd gas D F RT from
Mosul Iraq
