welcome one and all to the Stan
Collymore show every week we're bringing
you interviews with the stars of the
World Cup past and present today we
start with the very biggest he scored
one thousand two hundred and seventy
nine career goals and is the only living
player to have won three World Cups he's
named you ready Edson Arantes do
Nascimento but the world knows him as
Pele I had the honor the absolute honor
of sitting down with the king of
football to talk about his favorite
World Cup memories
let's go back to the 1950 World Cup I've
watched lots of interviews raid a lots
of interviews about the impact that that
World Cup in Brazil lost at home in the
Marikana against Uruguay and what impact
did it have on on you as a little boy
aged eight or nine and your family yeah
first of all was a dream for me though
because everybody knows but my father
was a football player professional from
about what the city where I used to live
and then the World Cup in Brazil he was
10 years old oh my god
Brazil the best team we're gonna play
World Cup was gonna be champion Denver
Zoo lost but I saw for the first time I
saw my father he was with another
players in my house to listen the game
could that time didn't have to be then I
saw my father crying with the his
friends I didn't stand I said oh why my
father cry because they always they say
me okay man don't cry may not cry so you
promised your father that you'd win a
World Cup one day that was a very bold
statement for a nine-year-old to make
father don't cry I gonna want one World
Cup before you don't cry don't cry as I
said for my father but you know just to
make him happy because it was a big
surprise to me in 1958 of course the
World Cup was in Sweden and many people
when they refer back to your quite
incredible life in Korea is that when
you became a world superstar seventeen
years of age
scoring goals scoring Patrick's in the
final how did you feel representing or
seller sow in the World Cup when do we
arrive there the national team of Brazil
because we live from Brazil World Cup I
was selected for the the national team I
say oh when are we gonna get Sweden they
have the body gonna be in an airport
because they sorted everybody then we
arrived there nobody in the reporter
just few few people they are two Utley
photographer then I say my god my first
traveling outside of Brazil we come from
the world but nobody knows what or was
present there no one one newspaper they
come to me say any Pele you will speak
English I say no no I have interpreted
the interpreter ask to him to make it a
question then they say how you feel how
was I was born Osiris I say listen when
Osiris Argentina's not the birth I was
so so so mad they were gonna say my god
we come from Brazil with all the head
that is but then the guy here don't know
you know they didn't know they're that
time Sweden where was birth they confuse
at the you why Brazil Paraguay they
didn't know then I got so mad if I see
my god and I thought everybody we
wouldn't know where I am involved couple
didn't guy didn't know report that was
my first experience one day I get there
everybody knew after the final say now
lift out the defenders head put it in
the back of the net Brazil are world
champions and and it's your first World
Championship finish the World Cup no we
want the world cup of was a big part in
the field when do we leave for the field
the reporter come I want to know if my
father if it my mother the my parents
isn't if people said they knew about but
we didn't have at that time we didn't
they have common case is straight from
the stage then you have to go outside I
say my god I want to know it for my
father so they went to telephone to get
the telephone list and then we got
telephone somebody make the connection
but the connection some time go out they
say father we wanted one copper that I
think there's I said my dad eh my friend
my father you
today what we wanted to say the picture
of you in the dressing room they would
be in the style the guys corded go go
behind the goalie say I get we won the
World Cup I have to go outside tell to
my father use so we work but who are the
B communications tab this is a different
world that was very important to me
because 70 years old my first World Cup
hoping the 1962 World Champions again in
in Chile but then like all great players
through history you become a marked man
you were not protected you were fouled a
lot how did you deal with that was that
very difficult to go out on the pitch
and know that one two three players were
looking for you that time was almost
normal because every game it was a
tougher game but I worse for me wasn't
66th in England in England 62 I played
the three first game then I got the the
injury and Brazil are the World Cup
now was not too heavy to pain but in 66
almost the same and then I could not
play the until the end of the game and
Brazil lost to look up I think six six
and it was more difficult for me 1970
Mexico two things that sprung out of
that competition one how good Brazil
were and pay the spirit in which some of
the big games were played could you tell
us about the iconic photo with you and
the light Bobby Moore which is perhaps
the iconic football photo of friendship
of competitiveness of respect as amazed
because we become friends after that to
me land of the best player because he
was tough
no you're very tough about that they're
honest no doubt to me who was one of the
best player who so was the Brazil team
of 1970 the best football team ever to
me was the best team from the 3/4 World
Cup no doubt was one of the best team
but to have a nice history you know
because when we was prepared for the
World Cup then we have to select the
South danga was the court in the moment
then so diamond select you know the the
the the older the powers from Santos
from Flamengo Rivelino from Corinthians
but the four players Jo was number time
all the newspaper their party starts a
this team doesn't gonna work because
they got Palermo birthing in Santos
Rivelino Anton : just
jerison undertake this imply me ago no
they see non-believer to style number 18
in cruzeiro's the everybody started to
know this team doesn't go to work you
see because southern is crazy was the
best team from the old history of a
Brazil World Cup was the best job or a
fantastical team and of course you got
number 10 I was a and then no that was
my best moment
oh my god 70 was the big big
responsibility
did you feel that responsibility yeah
going into the 1970 World Cup the
greatest player in the world
just pal I feel emotion does he feel
nervous I don't know what I feel I can
tell you I said God you gave him all
those know Victor's in my life you gave
it to me
I cannot say goodbye as a lost player
the last man that was more difficult to
me because after play four World Cup
Brazil when gia was there then was my
last walk up I have to because we didn't
have an idea to play one more I say are
gonna say goodbye I said my god I cannot
say goodbye with a quitter lose no game
that data was difficult to me but thanks
God given us over here
what was the story about Brazil and
Brazilian football keeping you in Brazil
and not coming to Europe to play the
president of Santos we come to talk with
them myself and my father they say
listen we have a good no offer to pay a
plane in Europe and the Warsaw Real
Madrid Manchester I think I I think no
is that what what will happen with them
but they come to talk with me when my
father come say listen I spoke with the
president of circus they have a lot of
the proposed you wanted to to play in
the or opposite I say father I am ok
here Santos wasn't our best we have two
old cops no interclub I said I don't
feel like to live then I stayed
oh my my career 20 almost 20 years
entered Naima will probably wear the
number 10 in Russia next year for the
Brazilian national team a huge move from
Barcelona to Paris on German and the
money is incredible do you think that
that was the right move for him at this
stage of his career
Marisa from Santos was the base in
sentence no myself was a deal at only
the goalkeeper was his coaching no and
then when he lived Santos I spoke with
his father we talked he said listen I
think it's a great opportunity to go to
to Barcelona and he went there but to
make a short of the history I think for
him it was good he has this experience
to be himself become Barcelona always
have a mass health I think the water
what I think it was good for him I think
now he can prove you know what he want
to prove when the best player in the
world
the World Cup next year in Russia and
it's also the 60th anniversary of the
World Cup win in Sweden 1958 and are you
looking forward to the World Cup in
Russia oh yes I think could be very
important for us I was talking about
their life in the what happened my life
I wish I stayed in house to just see
this woke up and if you got know this
and what I wanna say I have to list a
presume the finest ok pal I all it
leaves free to say is really appreciate
you joining us today it is quite
incredible to see you a fantastic man a
fantastic football you've done so much
for so many people we hope to see you at
the World Cup next year in Russia thank
you for joining me on the stand
Collymore show today god bless you
listen don't forget I love you
after the break we'll be taking you to
one of the world's most intense derby
games you won't want to miss this don't
go anywhere
Belgrade in Serbia's home to the
craziest derby game I have ever been to
the eternal Derby between partisan and
red star is known for its fierce and
literally fiery atmosphere I knew better
than my former teammate in Serbia
international Savar Milosevic to show us
around
so thank you so much for picking us up
from the airport it's been a long time
since we saw each other absolutely
agent you are four for the club that I
support Aston Villa where we played
together and obviously in Spain and it's
an in plane in Russia as well winning
the rubbish Russian championship with
Rubin Kazan we're in Belgrade I'm really
excited about this Darby you've played
in it
how big is parties and against red star
it's one of the biggest games in all
definitely you will see later on it's
all about this game is special and I
would say crazy we know about Real
Madrid Barcelona Celtic Rangers Villa
berming Manchester City mentioned
tonight what makes this job is special
trust me I've been to this country I'll
pour water I'll play there and there
it's all to its these games are all
peaceful because the Red Star Wars
always for his club and Partizan was
military yeah there is always a big
reality I'm talking about communism yeah
all kinds of stuff was there and they
started
our fans I mean we are definitely war
people because we've been in so many
wars in our history
so you can imagine supporters because
when we are without war we have to fight
somebody so we choose to fight against
each other what's the game like to play
we go fast or easy can you feel so much
pressure because the club's the people
in the club supporters they all prefer
to be to one this one game and lose to
all the other similar to the one year so
you can imagine a amount of pressure you
have before this game because if you win
this game your King if you lose this
game it doesn't matter whatever you you
do and I be everyone and lost this game
yeah I've been losing and wanting I
played 14 derbies in total in three and
a half years what's the state of absurd
being football now they've qualified to
the World Cup so I would guess that the
health of club football is quite good at
the moment well I've been struggling a
lot in past 15 years basically we had
was we had so many problems economic
problems or of course it was not
affected football also but in the past
few years we managed to do few things
very important things no one expected us
to won the World Cup under-20 massive
massive just one year before that we won
also a European Championship hundred
ninety and then all started from there
now our national team must get qualify
for the Russia
it was good to see my old Aston Villa
teammate Tsavo again and remember the
good old days over dinner and to fortify
us for what was in store later that
evening
there are not many players that I can
think of that played in Syria La Liga
and the Premier League if there was one
quality that you had to take from each
league what would it be from England
would be character of the players yep
from Spain quality technical quality yep
Italy well it's really passion about
football this is something in the
Serbian mentality that you have to go
apply in lots of different countries why
did you want to play in four or five
different nations I'm going from the
country we have come through a lot in
the past then we we can adopt quickly
because we should start to train
football I started when I was 10 11 it
is a very complicated road to get there
you have to complete so many tasks to
actually become a professional and when
you know once you get there to the
professional level you're not afraid of
anything because you already come to the
hell you have to beat everything you
have to be strong enough why we have
another chocolate with the best tennis
player in about 10 years in the world
from Serbia because he come through the
hell here I have to survive everything
and he become a top one not ties to the
system in Serbia in spite of the system
exactly he needed to beat the system to
become normal Djokovic and it's more or
less the same for all of us
vice-president of the Serbian Football
Association what what things would you
like to say change in Serbian football
for the better
basically to invest more in youngsters
because that's our best quality we will
never be a rich country
that's why we have to invest in our
young kids more that's the only thing we
can do actually for now so we're outside
of the partisan arena
it's where the world's biggest Arby's
it's Partizan Belgrade against Red Star
Belgrade it's tipping down with rain as
you can see the security presence is
extremely big as it's always is here
expectable it comes with the territory
but also incredibly feisty football
match on the pitch as good spot for the
game they specifically come for parties
I say exactly the same good to meet you
enjoy for you in the red star into a
partisan
you can see now that there's a police
cordon basically making sure the home
fans go into the home section I saw some
red and white scarf just dotting around
and these police are there is the last
line reads to stop any infiltrators if
you like of Red Star Belgrade fans
getting into the home end
so here it's our fans will it be a lot
of the away fans tonight
Emma's us it's always like that here
it's not important for which stadiums
playing that one definitely but it's
also in this one is then these more calm
supporters in this side stance because
from there to here spot and it's going
to be put but extreme ones extreme fans
of red star these tributes
so the game is just kicked off here at
parties and against Red Star Belgrade
listen to that for an atmosphere and the
North curve is the Red Star Belgrade
fans in here are the parties and ultras
and it's a dank dark night where the
atmosphere is gonna warm up nicely
Savo mil nil at halftime in the big
Derby but the incredible thing is always
beachside walking around they really
don't like each other these two sexes
advance it's incredible I've told you
before again as usual here
I just walked around and it was kind of
like that you could feel that I mean
it'll speak quite incredible to play out
in that in some country in some
countries this happens to around a
stadium with Warsaw in some countries
that would stop the game would stop and
people would say this is crazy but it's
well speaking to be lesser it's normal
partisan red star
so as you can see folks can start to go
and it's usually very coordinated so
it's really I have to be careful it's
one or two coins and bottles already
come over but you start to see very
shortly red and white flashes of bats
so it's a penalty 61st minutes to the
home site listen to the whistles go to
parties I a one-nil two qualities and
Belgrade in the Darby
let's talk of Agreda scores in the doggy
yes brother
yes
it's incredible since lucky scored the
goal scorer Marty he's absolutely loving
it
look at the poor Oh No
so suffer warm it finished was that fair
result well if we can fader
although Almighty was a little bit
better I would say we were closer to win
this game especially we're winning 1-0
we had two good chances to close the
game now but we didn't score so it's
always punishment up after that you said
to me before the game there is gonna be
an atmosphere any quite incredible
atmosphere I've never seen anything like
that I hope you tasted a little bit of
what is really there we here you know
what pension is for everybody for the
players in the fridge for the crowd and
it's it is a little bit outside of for
the Rose in Europe but that's why
probably is interesting that's why a
special well all it leaves me to say is
thank you so much for a whirlwind trip
in Belgrade you've got a comeback over
because Villa fans want to see back at
Villa Park gladly I want to bring you
back you got keratin for this is the
colors of the formula it is let's go
have a drink and a bite to eat okay
could you see yeah
that's you lot on the Stan Collymore
show today don't forget to join us next
week for more incredible football
stories just leaves me to say from
everyone here at the studio and Artie
have a very Merry Christmas
