for insectary you described Russia this
week as akin to the ancient Greek state
of Sparta calling it closed
nasty militaristic and anti-democratic
can you explain why you use those words
and mr. Lavrov do you agree with that
explanation and may I also ask every
time you've denied Russian involvement
in election hacking and Democratic
interference the world hasn't believed a
word you said and why is that can I come
back immediately on on that Tom and say
that unfortunately I wouldn't want
Russian colleagues here to think that
those words that were applied to Russia
today they were applied it to the Soviet
Union of my childhood and indeed I
believe those that was an entirely
accurate description of the Soviet as it
then was and unpaved it then went
through an amazing period of change and
we have a very different to new Russia
today but the tragedy is that our
relations are not on a good footing and
they're normally good footing from all
the reasons that Sergei and I have just
been through he mentions the anko case I
didn't even bring it up it wasn't in my
recitation of of obstacles between us
but it's certainly it's certainly there
and all I want to say today is that this
is it's a regretable state of affairs
but it should not preclude cooperation
as I've said in important foreign policy
dossiers and it should not preclude an
intensification of our contacts and our
work together people to people and
communities to communities the shovels
potential for space for Sparta and
despotism honestly so useless I do not
remember a Soviet Union Ramiro glorifies
so an example a Soviet Union was the
best emulation unity us you will see
that the Spartans are propaganda someone
resists Somali word was refused to
singing and praising as to an arrogance
of courage for your spirit to study how
everyone has their own perception way
too
