Catalan pro-independence parties are
declaring victory after securing a
majority in local elections now the
result has dealt a serious blow to the
central government in Madrid in fact it
had triggered the snap election
following October's independence
referendum and sacked the regional
government but now it's deposed leader
is hailing victory again I want to
congratulate the Catalan people because
they have sent a message to the world
the catalan republic has beaten the
monarchy an article 155 the spanish
state has been beaten with almost a
hundred percent of ballots counted the
pro-independence parties took a combined
total of 70 of the 135 seats available
while the pro unionist citizens party
won the election by a small margin in
terms of voter share it wouldn't be able
to form a large enough coalition to take
power or many people in the region have
been angered they're being forced to go
to the polls
good-o patel do look to us a more I feel
bad because in October first we were
very excited about the referendum but
now we see the Spanish government has
imposed elections on us that are not the
elections that we want to vote in and
yet somehow we have been forced to vote
because they have outed original
government and we want our former
government to be restored and not to be
changed catalyst pushed him on the
outgoing First Minister of Catalonia who
at the moment is in self-imposed exile
in Belgium because in Spain he faces
charges of rebellion and a possible jail
sentence of up to 30 years tweeted to
say this he hoped that voters would
demonstrate the same pro-independence
spirit as they did when they turned out
to vote in a referendum on independence
held on the first of October now that
was in defiance of a Constitutional
Court ban and as you can see it mate
with very violent resistance indeed from
the authorities and the police
now the central government called these
snap elections when it decided to
dissolve the Catalan Parliament in late
October hours after it unilaterally
declared independence meanwhile also
sacking the regional government this is
the biggest threat to Spain's
constitutional order since the country
returned to democratic government in
1978 so the best we are heading for
several weeks of protracted negotiations
and if they don't reach a deal then the
elections will just have to be repeated
so again it looks like we're going to
have several interesting weeks ahead of
us in the aftermath of the election the
pro unity citizens party was celebrating
its first place position we discussed
the election with a professor of Iberian
Studies at Trinity College in Hartford
Connecticut
he believes Madrid used all tools
possible to tighten its grip on
Catalonia the Madrid government and the
media apparatus have gone through the
tools in their toolbox they've used
violence they've used media demonization
they've tried to pin the color yellow
they've tried to go after the catalan
autonomous TV station simply for calling
people calling the president a president
in exile and I don't know what other
tools they have left certainly what
we've seen up until now is that
negotiation is not one of their tools
and sadly negotiate
is the only tool that could have headed
all of this off long ago despite trying
to use all of these tools the
independentists at one it's an
extraordinary moment for democracy in
Europe
