the Austrian interior ministry has been
left red-faced after an internal memo
was leaked in which they instruct the
police how to handle the media
essentially if they don't write nice
things about us give them nothing I
would suggest that communication with
these media should be limited to only
the most necessary levels and that they
should not be allowed to contain sweets
such as exclusive accompaniments unless
you see real added value or the
possibility of neutral or even positive
reporting the leak included some of the
media organizations only do not engage
list editors are raging with the
Ministry and Interior Minister Herbert
kacal this is informational blockade for
bad media and sweets for the good ones
our democracy does not have to be in
darkness just because a Minister feels
too weak to withstand criticism and
appears unfit for this sensitive
ministry there are violations of the
robe law and fundamental values then he
must stand up for it the sense of
security is just the fear of
arbitrariness the Austrian interior
ministry have justified the email saying
it had nothing to do directly with
mystical saying that this was an attempt
to try and establish a united front
between the interior ministry and the
police against the media that they say
is biased against them this is the right
and the best way to communicate both
from a legal perspective and for the
journalists themselves considering the
suspicions of bias against certain media
doesn't come out of thin air but
Austria's top officials have been
unequivocal and expressing their anger
at the news that this email existed
freedom of expression media and press
freedom are the cornerstones of our
liberal democracy and our constitutional
state in Austria any restriction of
press freedom is unacceptable there can
be discrimination against individual
media governments and public
institutions have a grave responsibility
to protect free and independent
journalism and any restriction of
freedom of the press is unacceptable the
Austrian Chancellor deemed this leak
important enough to take time out from
the UN General Assembly to comment on it
it doesn't look like it's going
away from the Austrian press anytime
soon we'll have to wait to see if mr.
Kurtz follows up on his words with
actions when he returns from New York
Peter Oliver Artie Berlin
you
