hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
the single most important social
equalizer of our time the internet is
under grave threat the decision by the
Federal Communications Commission
essentially gives Internet service
providers the keys to the internet
without net neutrality will the economic
opportunity divide only widen for all
crosstalking net neutrality I'm joined
by my guest
Julio Rivera in New York he is the
editorial director for reactionary times
and a news max columnist and in Tampa we
have Scott Rick Arndt he is a former
American intelligence linguist alright
gentleman crosstalk rules in effect that
means you can jump in any time you want
and I always appreciate Scott let me go
to you first in Tampa first I want to
kind of express my bewilderment but
maybe it shouldn't be will be wildermann
and looking at mainstream media covering
this story on net neutrality a lot of
stories out there but the meaning of it
seems rather moot mooted to me and it's
I think it's because so many these news
outlets are owned by Internet service
providers okay like Comcast and others
like that here I mean what is the
significance of this move because I
think you know an era of the Internet
and as I said in my introduction I mean
one of the great social equalizers of
our time is under threat and maybe will
tell our grandchildren
I remember the golden years go ahead
scum well that's interesting I mean it's
very multifaceted obviously the the
media companies I have a very symbiotic
relationship with the carriers this this
relationship goes a long way they they
pay a lot of money even for local news
you know it's up to like $7 charged just
for local news re broadcast across cable
companies so you have a real close
symbiotic relationship with individuals
who are profiting from a current
business so a lot of this really has
more to do with the the legality of
rebroadcast about the copyright
component and obviously the economics
they're trying to transfer the upgrade
of their networks to the economic wages
of of the people that's what's really
happened here and when you talk about a
fast lane versus a slow lane let's be
clear here that the RFC's are written
very clearly once you're up on the
network the quality of service is
actually built in the the bandwidth is
there you know each strand of fiber will
give you 10 gigabit they've pulled lots
of multi a mode but mostly single mode
fiber around the country this goes right
past everyone's homes and they can
install the equipment
the corners that will absolutely handle
the quality of service what's
interesting is that the companies that
when you're trying to get faster speeds
today are actually making you pay for
that equipment by charging exorbitant
installation fees so that's really
what's happened the technology is very
simple to get people to a quality
service but what they're up against is
they're trying to obviously make more
money from something that doesn't really
need to happen very much like Enron very
much like ethanol and very much like
unfortunately the carbon tax of charging
for in the United States oh this is this
is how the Americans have done this okay
we have loud whoo we have Julio just
scenting and that's what we wanted on
this program Julio let me go to you New
York you lynnie Oh before we before we
explode here guys hang on you know Julio
I understand that ISPs they this is a
business and it's serious business and
it's an important business for our time
my most important concern is to make
sure that everyone gets to stay in on
this platform here and and and this is
what a lot of people are worried about
when it comes to net neutrality are we
gonna have people left behind because
there are lots of communities in the
United States that don't have the best
quality internet and if they're facing
higher prices for not an improvement in
quality that leaves them out that's my
primary concern I have other concerns as
well good after this long introduction
of my part my friend go ahead Julio in
New York mm-hmm well you know what that
sounds very conspiratorial there what
what Scott was talking about listen the
fact of the matter is the people that
are getting hurt are people that are due
to net neutrality or people in rural
areas people that are in urban areas
that are underdeveloped I mean the fact
of the matter is we're already paying
extra for better levels of service
that's already been happening because if
you get business-class into our you know
high-speed Internet you pay a little
extra and you get a little bit better
quality service it's not like
everybody's getting the same level of
service across the board it hasn't been
like that and think about the 20 plus
years before 2015 when they put in this
additional regulation the internet
thrived it's not like taking it away
gonna make the thing explode I mean this
is really alarmist nonsense that they're
just another reason to attack Donald
Trump saying that he's doing something
dangerous it's really there's there's
not going to be any consequence the
average person is not gonna feel any
difference because of this okay you know
Scott I don't see I don't see the Trump
connection here so so clearly here I
there's a lot of there's a lot of people
in red and blue states that are
concerned about this here you know Scott
the argument you know that net
neutrality slows down investment I mean
if you look at the bottom lines of the
major ISPs I mean look at their stock
prices they're doing pretty well here
and since 2015 investment into
infrastructure of these grids you know
it has dipped only a little bit here
daddy five percent wait at what I would
say is it quits since the ruling in 2015
things haven't been that bad and then
you have on Google and Facebook and so
on so on and so forth saying that
they're there they were are worried that
the ISPs will not be held account you
know a title to that everyone talks
about go ahead Scott well I don't deny
the fact that there's any issues with
rural areas not getting speed but let's
be clear here that the American
government has invested millions and
hundreds of millions of dollars in
commercial companies the acquisitions
have been tremendous you look at small
companies like Century tell that gobbled
up quest that gobbled up a lot of the CX
around the southeast century tell is now
one of the largest companies in the
country from a telecom perspective
obviously John Malone and Paul Allen
have done quite well gobbling up some
cable companies recently so you have a
very serious amount of investment that
is not only coming from the US
government but also coming from private
investors in this net neutrality thing
is absolutely more about the legality of
things let's be clear here they you know
they're not able to throttle back the
the Pirate Bay's or the Cody's or these
types of things that are that are
basically bashing into their their
income so they're going after the law in
a way to actually throttle these things
back and block them now let's be clear
as well I cannot find
aarti on a on a cable network across the
United States our T is not syndicated on
the cable networks in the United States
let's be clear here as well I could
easily get RT I know the guys I ski with
these people out in Denver helping out
the u.s. disabled Ski Team so these are
individuals that are absolutely blocking
you know this type of access for RT and
this will be another thing this is a
freedom of speech issue for me because
in the future if they don't want us to
get our T on the internet they can
actually throttle that back as well and
that's the only place I can get that so
that's my biggest fear
okay well that's a fear of mine and I
was actually gonna get there and we can
go in we can go there right now who we
are working on one of them I said my
major concern was equal access a
subsidiary concern is you know are we
key to see what Comcast and AT&T and
Verizon what they want us to see are
they gonna give them preference okay
because I'm sorry
because if Comcast likes wants to
support MSNBC I think the whole world is
in trouble here the question is can they
stick and will they stay focused on
business or would they be political okay
go ahead Julio well listen there's been
a couple of isolated incidents there was
the Vonage AT&T thing there was a Google
Wallet thing yeah but to have this
Netflix antov sweeping you know
regulations over everyone in advance
listen we have antitrust laws you know
we have the FTC which was originally in
charge of the internet before fell under
the FTC under the FCC rather under title
2 you know we don't need another
additional layer of regulation listen
there were 22 ISPs that went to go to
the eff to the FCC and they met with a
JIT pi that they have you know smaller
customer base is less than a thousand
people they can't grow because banks
won't loan them money because of the
uncertainty that comes along with this
so I mean it's hurting America it's
hurting jobs it's hurting the level of
service it really didn't do anything
positive and listen before
we had it we didn't have these
widespread issues of you know ISPs
undermining you know their competitors
okay Scott you know it one of the major
concerns is is that you're gonna have
the major ions being that you they
could've forced you to buy their
products here and they will throttle and
disappear oh that the competition see
this is you know the internet really
thrives when there is competition but
it's really difficult forced to buy any
no no no but if you can't see that your
company you can't see something you
can't buy it okay that is the whole
problem here is the again every step of
the way it's equal access if it's
political ideas or products or being
able to be on the Internet in the first
place go ahead Scott one minute before
we go to the break well I think when you
look at when you look at the failure of
the competitive local exchange carriers
and they did try this they deregulated
in 1996 the the Americans gave away the
keys to the kingdom a lot of foreign
countries came in and bought American
infrastructure you have foreign
intelligence that is manufactured and
installed intelligence collection
devices on American networks getting
data prior to NSA getting it actually so
there's a there's a real serious problem
from the deregulation from 96 but at the
same time when you look at current
competition you know let's be clear AOL
built their networks up on advanced
network systems advanced network systems
was they were the guys that built
ARPANET for the folks that bolt Beranek
and Newman and managed it for the guys
so this is a this is not a competition
environment obviously Time Warner has
some of the best of actual landlines and
best actual fiber across the country
after buying the ARPANET infrastructure
certainly these guys have said sprint
have some great infrastructure because
their railroad connections so this is
not a competitive environment these are
these are individuals who understand at
a much higher level I've attended
meetings at the national security
telecommunications Advisory Council and
so I understand these these types of
issues and the most Americans they don't
understand this so when you talk about
competition no there is no competition
there's absolute control and there's
worse thing that I find is that these
types of individuals that are
controlling it can control our access to
I'm gonna jump in here we're gonna go to
a short break your fall tornado you'll
have your chance after the short break
after our short break we'll continue our
discussion on the future of the internet
stay on our welcome back to crops not
where all things to consider non Peter
LaBelle to remind you were discussing
the state of the Internet
júlio let's go back to you in New York
Scott had the last word in the first
part of the program and you were
dissenting please go well I was just
gonna say we can't foster an environment
that creates monopolies I mean these
smaller guys still at least have to have
a fighting chance listen there's over
4,000 individual ISPs
in this country you know obviously we
have the big dogs you know and they're
the ones that control the majority of it
but how how are consumers ever gonna
have a choice you know if these smaller
people can even compete in the market
and I on a side note I just wanted to
bring up you know going back to
something that Scott said earlier isn't
it ironic or isn't it really not really
that surprising that we would give up
you know or give for an access to our
Internet infrastructure in the 90s under
the cleanse
isn't that like follow a pattern that we
wound up seeing that's what she was
secretary a totally different topic and
I like it I like it that's a good one
there okay all right you know Scott you
know what doesn't it doesn't it there's
always patterns with that that Cabala
people you know Scott you know okay we
just heard from Julio there's a lot of
very small ISPs but you know what it's
really almost a monopoly like
environment it's the same thing with
Facebook it's the same thing with Google
here this is another thing I'm concerned
this more and more concentration and now
it looks like the FCC reports to the
ISPs that's what it looks like after
this ruling here it isn't you know
shedding responsibility I mean the FCC
is supposed to make sure that people
have access to broadband okay I mean on
the very top of their responsibilities
you know and so I I wonder looking at
you know shouldn't they be these big
companies be broken up and we had
Standard Oil
we had other major companies that were
broken up I mean it seems to me there's
too much concentration of power too much
concentration of money and it's bad for
the marketplace and for consumers go
ahead Scott well they've tried that they
did break up Ma Bell a bell was broken
up and then re
they actually we're divorced when they
remarried under AT&T and all the all the
bells came back together they also tried
that with the seal X and they a lot of
people did make some decent money but
obviously those have been all basically
gobble back up they did the same thing
in the cable industry those all started
out very local and you know you had
advanced new house one of the ones early
on here in the Florida area but they've
also the Time Warner's and the
individuals that owned the backbone
infrastructure you know it's very
similar like you brought up with
Standard Oil they owned the railway
system that was transporting the oil and
that's how they controlled the industry
well the same thing goes for the the
backbone infrastructure for the internet
that is owned by a very small select
group of people who are controlling that
transport on those backbone
infrastructures and you know that that
infrastructure is very easily managed
you look at the kinds of interconnects
that they have you know each single mode
fiber will do ten gigabit of of
bandwidth and they have tons of single
mode fiber pulled where they need it and
they can always pull more so there's not
a problem with the bandwidth issue I
think what it comes down to is like you
said with rural areas and individuals I
live in a neighborhood for example that
hasn't been upgraded for the telecom
industry so I can only get seven megabit
to my house but on the cable side I can
get a hundred bag of it to my house
which is plenty for these days I mean
there's there's plenty of transport to
my home at this point at seven megabit I
would be challenged I mean obviously I
can't stream as well across that is the
quality of service as good on the
streaming that I can get from my cable
provider absolutely not
when I go out to Cody and other places
obviously the origination point and the
termination point will determine where
the bandwidth inequality is going to be
so I can't get as good equality but the
way that they buffer and they do their
compression I get a pretty decent
quality bringing stuff in even from
across the planet so it's pretty darn
good obviously when you're getting out
to rural areas it takes more investment
are the companies investing in rural
areas absolutely not they're investing
in 5g they're gonna make everything
Wireless they're actually gonna put the
wires out of business
in the neighborhoods by basically
installing stuff on power it's moving in
a different direction Julio I mean oh we
could it get kind of an internet
apartheid in the US is this what its
leading to um no I don't think no I
don't necessarily think it's gonna I
don't listen I think that now it's gonna
be a little bit more competitive I think
that you know these smaller companies or
even if they wanted to combine and band
together perhaps and you know and fight
the the big machine let's say you know
like like I said it's better to not have
an environment where the monopoly
just gets more powerful that's basically
what net neutrality did I mean you look
at it it's in the billions of dollars of
lost investment you know in all the
studies they came out and granted people
you know complained about the studies
because they were funded by you know the
ISPs but let's talk about what more
money let's see what money can do here
Scott you know I mean I I looked at some
sources you know 101 million dollars
came from these ISPs lobbying Congress I
suppose they'll ended their pen and
paper and said don't you worry we'll
take care of that bill for you okay I
mean I looked at the list of everyone
taking money that's remarkably
bipartisan probably the only bipartisan
thing I've seen lately people taking
money from the ISPs let me go to Scott
let me go to Scott and then we'll go to
Julio go ahead go ahead Scott well
absolutely I mean obviously who you know
and who you pay off you know we do live
in a country of the history of the Meyer
Lansky's the history of the lucky
Luciano's just like Truman was bought
and sold by the mob we have our current
real estate mobster in chief who has
also been in bed with the mob for
several decades now so you know this is
a problem in the United States you know
buying and selling politicians is not a
new game they've been bought and sold on
both sides of the aisle for quite some
time by different interest groups and
obviously net neutrality did not hurt
anything from a business perspective
it's creating another false business
model just like Enron and this is what
we're up against you know we're up
against individuals who are you know
building an industry base Lebon not
create
anything but going towards the service
model that absolutely charges for
something that is unnecessary to charge
for Julio you were dissenting again on
the program go ahead no but I was going
to say listen when a ship high before he
became you know involved with the FCC he
was basically working with a group that
was very anti net neutrality back in
2015 and it was a group made up of the
smaller ISPs you're not really getting
the anti net neutrality stuff so much
from the big dawgs
you know because they're the ones that
are propped up by this type of you know
overlapping unnecessary leg legislation
or a regulation rather they only really
hurts their competitors you know so
maybe if they have to go through a
couple of extra hoops they don't mind
doing it because they can afford to do
it as so long as it crushes their
competition they never have to worry
about not being on top and that's the
issue here okay well Scott I mean again
I mean we're kind of looking at it from
different points of view here because I
see you know it's not all that
competitive here I mean what's
competitive is there services and you
know and they would completely have
different services and and and and
content here but I mean we're looking at
you know I know there are a lot of ISPs
but they're you know there's a few
elephants in the room and everything
else is very very marginalized and it
seems to me the FCC is just again
walking back it's going in the wrong
direction
because I don't see that these smaller
guys are gonna be protected I mean keep
voting though okay okay well that's good
a bit if they go make sure but again
going back to the beginning of the
program if everybody has access okay and
I don't see that's happening again I see
a step back where people gonna get
really crappy service and you have to
pay a lot of money for it that's not
good again everyone should have access
to broadband everybody should have
access to water and air - go ahead Scott
well it's broadband when it comes to the
smaller eyes it's really not a lot of
the smaller ISPs work a lot of the
smaller ISPs were against net neutrality
because it took a lot for them to deploy
their infrastructure you know they
couldn't keep up and they had to rent
space in order to provide the quality of
service that people were demanding and
they have to rent space from the big
guys and it's not cheap I mean they
they're renting quality in their in
their colocation centers and they'd like
to have their own colocation centers and
have their own infrastructure and when
the smaller guys do get together and I
don't blame them they don't want to have
the same demands put on them by net
neutrality which I understand that they
can't afford it and at the same time
they're not going to win this game
they're just gonna be gobbled up as soon
as they get enough customers anyway so
the fact is is that this is the status
quo in American capitalism that you see
and this is how it's always been it is I
don't think it's gonna change a much
with the FCC ruling I think the most
interesting thing here that everybody's
missing is that this is a legality issue
this is how the ISPs will legally block
content that they don't want on there to
let networks they will legally block and
throttle back things that they don't
want to prioritize on their network well
there's a lot of those borders of net
neutrality say gonna get go to court
what are their chances of winning
all right well listen I wanted to bring
that up from the legality issue you know
for forget net neutrality there was a
decision recently between two software
companies that nigma software and
malware bytes it's one of my columns up
on Newsmax where an interpretation of
the Communications Decency Act actually
allowed one company legally to engage in
torturous interference against a
competitor Malwarebytes went after
enigma unfairly and basically they were
protected by the Communications Decency
Act so whether or not we have net
neutrality protecting us or not these
ISPs can go ahead and do that and then
just have coverage under that law until
it's a piece of legislation that was
poorly written there's actually a
mistake in the way it was written which
I pointed out in my column but they
would have protection under the
Communications Decency Act
even if net neutrality is not there okay
well do you think that they will this
will be overturned through the courts
okay I want to ask maybe Scott Reil yeah
real quickly and then maybe Scott can
finish up what
the coat the court option Julio the
court option listen I don't I don't what
I don't want net neutrality so I'm fine
we'll go back to the way it was and God
last few seconds go ahead Scott okay so
you've had several judges speak out
against it already and in support of net
neutrality also you've had governors
actually supporting that neutrality
certainly a good lawyer knows the law
but a great lawyer knows the judge so
the relationships will trump anything
that is for the people unfortunately
that's the best standing on this program
in a very long time that's all the time
we have gentlemen many thanks to my
guests in New York and in Tampa and
thanks to our viewers for watching us
here at RT see you next time and
remember across buckles
