Manek Steelheart director of operations
of the International Committee of the
Red Cross droid and joining us live now
from Damascus Syria a very good morning
to you sir you've been visiting Eastern
guter at one of the numerous areas
severely impacted by the conflict I
understand now that some locals are
attempting to return to the area under
very difficult circumstances how bad is
the humanitarian situation there in
eastern guter
well good morning I indeed just returned
from eastern got√°-- yesterday and I have
to say I was completely overwhelmed by
the scope of destruction in eastern Jota
I think I've never seen anything like
this in my 27 years of career with the
International Committee of the Red Cross
and the needs are simply huge and
massive and nevertheless indeed as you
just said we saw and I spoke through
even a few people who have recently
returned amidst the destruction trying
to rebuild their lives and I think what
we will see now in eastern Jota as well
as in other parts of the country it's
only now the needs the the scale of the
needs start swimmer starts to emerge and
definitely there will be need for huge
support for both people who are living
there in these areas that were heavily
affected by conflict as well as for
those who are returning Dominic is
interesting you say that you are
overwhelmed and in your near three
decades of working in humanitarian
assistance you've never seen something
quite as bad as the situation in eastern
guter what what are we talking about are
the homes just rubble now is there any
free-flowing water is there any heating
is there any food for the people who are
struggling to return there
well I I'm particularly overwhelmed by
the scale of destruction Eastern Jota is
a suburb of Damascus approximately three
even more than 3 million people used to
live there and now it's only 350,000 and
in the place where I was nearly 90
percent of the infrastructure is
completely destroyed
you see entire neighbourhoods that are
destroyed houses that are become have
become completely unlivable and that is
what I was talking about people who are
back and people who are living there
they they they they can fend for
themselves in terms of some of the basic
needs we are distributing food on a
daily basis together with the Syrian
Arab Red Crescent what is now absolutely
critical is to ensure that these people
can regain access to some basic services
such as water sanitation health and here
there is still a lot to do and again
together with the Syrian Arab Red
Crescent ICRC is making a very serious
contribution now the pictures of
devastation that we've seen in Syria are
as you say almost beyond comprehension
even at the end of World War two for the
final battle for Berlin Berlin never
looked as bad as some of the cities in
in Syria now it was a month or more ago
that Washington said it was cutting
funding to the reconstruction efforts of
Syria is it difficult in your position
to convince the international community
to do more to help the people of Syria
well we will definitely do all we can to
convince all those who are supporting
the humanitarian effort in in Syria to
continue supporting the people of Syria
as I said if anything needs are just
going to grow in the coming months and
years and we are determined as far as
the ICRC is concerned to continue our
effort at the same level as in the past
few years because now people are also
are also getting more accessible and
therefore we can do more and we
absolutely need to make sure that we can
maintain the humanitarian effort at the
levels of the of the previous years now
as we are broadcasting here on RT
internationally a Syrian opposition
delegation will soon meet with the
Russian Foreign Minister here at Moscow
that will be on Friday to discuss at the
situation in the last remaining rebel
stronghold of Eid Lib as you probably
heard me report over 30,000 fighters
there 10,000 al-nusra terrorists in Eid
live that's according to the UN can you
tell us much about the humanitarian
situation right now in the last
stronghold of Eid Lib
well I am particularly concerned about
the possibility of escalation of
violence in Italy as you said in your
program there are up to three million
people living in this province and
escalation of fighting there would
simply result in a humanitarian disaster
so I am very grateful for all the
efforts that have taken place in the
past few months and hopefully will
continue to avoid escalation in Italy
because as I said this would result in a
very very serious humanitarian disaster
well of course our since the beginning
of the conflict in Syria with with
multiple international state actors
involved and tens of thousands of
jihadists and mercenaries trained
weaponized and even given medical care
by some regional actors at what point
Dominik does the world say enough is
enough
well ii-i've been sitting with this
question myself for seven years the
whole world has been watching the Syria
conflict for force for seven years and
we have all known for a very long time
that this is and continues to be the
worst conflict that we've seen in a very
very long time and yet there doesn't
appear to be sufficient political
convergence to bring this conflict to an
end so I truly hope that we now see the
end of that we will now see the end of
this conflict so that humanitarian aid
can finally reach all the people of
Syria who are so desperately longing for
peace and need to be supported for a
long time to come and dominate before I
let you go if the if you could send out
a message to the international community
about the current circumstances in Syria
the dire humanitarian crisis there as
people are trying to rebuild their lives
what would you say to the international
community about the current situation in
Syria
while there is just only one message
don't let the Syrian people down
you
