despite the rise of global extremism it
turns out that terrorist guidelines and
bomb-making instructions are still
easily available online RT jacqueline
Booga has been surfing for such material
in less than 10 minutes I was able to
find multiple guides published by
terrorist organizations through Google
searches clearly outlining how to make a
bomb we have chosen not to show nor name
the handbooks we found but they included
step-by-step instructions in English
from both al-qaeda and Islamic state and
within them you can find lessons on
kidnappings or carrying out various
types of assassinations using explosives
and the problem is anyone can find this
information including those hoping to
put it to use the bomb used in last
week's New York subway attack included
homer components of these readily
available terrorist manuals I think it's
kind of normal for these times or
particularly in New York City which is
targeted many times and it's the new
normal once a potential terrorist has
the recipe for a homemade device that
only leaves gathering the necessary
materials an investigation back in
September found that Amazon's algorithm
was suggesting items that could be
bought together in order to create a
bomb that surface just days after an
improvised device was detonated in the
London Underground explosion sound
back in September Amazon pledged to fix
its algorithms but last time we checked
just before recording this piece it was
still there these easily accessed
terrorist materials have been on the
internet for years already and Google
has made promises in the past to fight
their availability Google and YouTube
are committed to being part of the
solution we're working with government
law enforcement and civil society groups
to tackle the problem of violent
extremism online there should be no
place for terrorist content on our
services that statement came back in
June of this year and yet just this
Monday britain's the independent news
website released a report outlining how
they alerted google to the fact that
their algorithms could provide
extremists with dangerous materials and
yet saw no change in the search result
days later clearly despite the company's
willingness to tackle terrorist content
its own algorithms are failing with
websites making a URL making a website
all of these things online anybody can
just start a new one so say for example
you are a website that has maybe
terrorist content or activity that's
problematic or can lead to criminal
activity if they shut that down if
Google didn't allow that to come up in a
search result another one could come up
right after so you're not only looking
at things like Google which would be the
search engine that it was found on but
now you're looking at things like like
website hosts so now these are other
private companies not just Google search
engine but other private companies that
have to now look at who is starting a
URL what are they doing how do they make
this website so in terms of Google
they're gonna be having a cut out in the
algorithm cut out the search results
it's gonna be much more difficult now
some would have you believe that
terrorists are lurking solely on the
dark web which most of us would never
even know how to access but it turns out
they're not quite as far away as one
would hope cyberspace is the new
training camp so individuals can find
information about bomb-making they can
identify targets they can chat with
their colleagues they can receive
instructions they can receive
inspiration at cyberspace flies
underneath the radar screen of the
police and security forces some of the
internet companies the Google's the
Facebook's and those can prevent that
type of activity from coming into their
space
it's a cat-and-mouse game it's going to
continue its I don't want to say it's a
mission impossible but it's a very very
difficult to remove all in and still
live with a free and open Internet to
remove all elements of hate and
extremism RT has requested Google
deletes the search results so that
dangerous and harmful materials can't be
found online we'll update you with any
developments
