bitcoiners will hit a new record high of
$20,000 per coin
however the cryptocurrency is not just
attracting the attention of financial
regulators but also EU regulators who
are unhappy at its anonymity artis
haneish assessee has details maybe the
most appealing feature of crypto
currencies is now under threat the
European Union has agreed to tackle the
anonymity of cryptocurrency holders and
entities now the EU say the measures
will be part of a larger package needed
to tackle tax evasion and so far it's
been welcomed by Europe's Justice
Commissioner who has hailed the decision
as a breakthrough today's agreement will
bring more transparency to improve the
prevention of money laundering and to
cut off terrorist financing but here's a
breakdown of what these measures
actually mean all users that own crypto
currencies will have their personal
identity revealed what else if you've
got a hefty amounts of cryptocurrency
loaded on a prepaid debit cards the use
of this will be limited authorities will
also have greater access to information
including national bank account
registers and if anyone can demonstrate
a legitimate interest in the
cryptocurrency markets you'll be granted
access to whatever data you need these
measures are interesting especially
considering the Bank of England's deputy
governor said Bitcoin was too small to
pose a threat to the global economy in a
recent interview he likens Bitcoin to a
product rather than money this is not a
currency in the accepted sense there's
no central bank that stands behind it
for me it's much more like a commodity
and from the governor's insights to the
eyes of World Bank's many are
questioning the potential threat of
cryptocurrencies to the global economy
now more than ever as the value of
Bitcoin continues to surge perhaps the
rise of blockchain technology is
threatening a very old and established
business model of the financial sector
if we have something that decentralizes
the money supply and threatens the
business model of the banks of course
there's going to be pushback against it
any crackdown on our rights of privacy
over the Internet is always always has
an excuse that it's trying to stop money
laundering or is try to stop terrorism
or pedophiles or whatever yes sure
criminals going to use this but
criminals already use banks I mean so
many banks have been caught out money
laundering on vast scales and have
received vast fines for laundering gray
and black money from particularly the
drug trade the you know it perhaps we
should say that you should close down
our banks to this fair hasn't gone
unnoticed by the Bitcoin community
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gave
his backing to the virtual currency
comparing it to the Occupy Wall Street
protest movements of 2011 a movement
that aimed to fight inequality greed and
corruption in the finance sector but
regulators remain worried that
cryptocurrency is a platform to avoid
financial regulations
whenever tech advances appear laws are
slow to catch up many countries and
legal bodies have only recently started
to address cryptocurrency regulation but
don't worry this will take 18 months for
the law to be implemented giving you
plenty of time to complete transactions
anonymously for now encryption company
founder Paul Rosenberg Heath things at
the end of the day these new
restrictions could actually backfire
what they're doing is they're attacking
the companies that service the Bitcoin
market the people who make wallets the
people who run exchanges and there's no
reason that the people in the EU have to
use those companies they can go to
others and indeed those companies may
close down and just move somewhere else
where they're not going to have these
type of restrictions placed upon them
this is really these restrictions are
unnatural to cryptocurrency it's a
different type of system so it's an open
question as to what will happen but I
suspect that a lot of people will just
not do business through the EU
