Austria now making the headlines across
Europe amid concern at the newly formed
coalition government the Conservatives
have joined forces with the
anti-immigration Austrian Freedom Party
artis Peter Oliver looks at what the new
coalition means for both Austria and
Europe there's been widespread
condemnation of this agreement across
many European media outlets lots of
fears that this will lead to the the far
right side of that coalition having more
and more say over politics in Austria
but we can look at what the well the
coalition have put out themselves of
what they say their main policies will
be we can expect that there'll be an
increase in direct democracy along the
the Swiss model of putting big votes to
the people in order to get their
opinions on which direction the country
goes in next but one decision that won't
be put into the people's hands like that
it's been confirmed that Austria has no
intention on holding in a brexit sku
referendum anytime soon we can also
expect tougher immigration control we
could also expect the Austrian
government to push for an end to
Turkey's accession to the EU talks we
can also expect to see this Austrian
government pushing more for an end to EU
sanctions against Moscow the song still
not getting it all slugged yeah
regarding the sanctions against Russia
yes we would like for those to be lifted
we will try to play a part in this as a
mediator to find a solution in the
interests of euros so Europe and Russia
can overcome their differences when you
talk to people on the streets of Vienna
opinion still very split over the
direction the country's headed in so I
think we have seen this before was Trump
and Brock sit in England and I think
that Austria should take hit I really
don't think it's good gonna quit
throughout Europe there's a return to
the far right you can see this in
Germany as well with the AFD got a lot
of votes and if someone speaks about the
refugee crisis you get the impression
that this could have been handled better
Englander gir Norman I think the far
right are correct they're working for
the people doing what people want them
to do so I am in favor I am happy with
the situation
well 2017 has seen the far-right rise to
prominence in European politics if we
look right to the beginning of the year
of course we saw a gate builders pushing
hard for the Dutch prime ministerial
race and their elections there we also
saw marine lepen in France be the the
number one challenger to Emmanuel macron
in the French presidential elections
whereas here in Germany where I'm
talking to you from the alternative for
Germany party well they took up seats
for the first time in the Bundestag
in Germany's Parliament well while
Sebastian Kurtz denies that he has any
truck with the far-right the fact that
he's had to go into coalition with the
with the Austrian freedom party has seen
him heavily criticised Arty's Peter
Oliver reporting well we spoke to a
Verna Pat's old professor at the address
and Technical University who believes
the EU will simply have to reconcile
itself with the new coalition government
in Austria West European governments
won't take any significant actions
against this new Austrian government
because on the one hand right-wing
populism has been growing in all these
countries and the self-confidence of
Europe's centrist and leftist
governments has been shattered by this
rise of right-wing populism and on the
other end
the former coalition between the UEFA PM
vfp did not harm to Europe no to Austria
nor were they any policies taken which
are contradictions to humanitarian and
rule of law standards in the European
Union therefore European governments
don't see any reason for harsh
restrictions and even sanctions right
now
