protests have resumed in Jerusalem and
the West Bank a day after major clashes
claimed four lives and caused hundreds
of injuries it comes as the for light
continues over Donald Trump's decision
to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel
in the West Bank violence broke out
after the funeral of one of the victims
killed in Friday's protests Palestinians
threw rocks at the Israeli security
forces who responded with tear gas and
rubber bullets local journalists hidden
Kaduri has been following the own words
we are so nice buffer zone and tensions
are increasing the Israeli army are
throwing tear gas bombs as you can see
actually raids of tear gas bombs they're
also throwing live bullets as you can
see new tear gas bombs are filling the
place people are running taking Avenger
since the morning there were lots of
protests and demonstrations all over
Gaza Strip there were a million marched
the policy factions and Palestinian
leaders calm their supporters and the
Palestinian citizens to come to the
confrontations to to confront with the
Israelis against to trust their anger
against Donald Trump's decision
meanwhile protesters in Bethlehem
witnessed something you perhaps wouldn't
normally expect to see in the frontline
an elderly lady stepping in to try and
break up the violence
or pro-palestinian demonstrations are
being held worldwide including in
several European states hundreds
demonstrated in Berlin on Friday at
local German police bonds American and
Israeli flags at the protest after many
were set alight at previous rallies
while on the right of your screen there
in Athens protesters marched towards the
u.s. embassy Alice Jacqueline Bouvier
explains the scandal over Donald Trump's
decision on Jerusalem has led to
unexpected diplomatic consequences to
the power landscape in the Middle East
has seen Saudi Arabia in Israel
gravitate towards each other over a
mutual dislike of urine it's very clear
we Israel and Saudi Arabia are
practically on the same side
all Sunni countries are against Iran and
while both countries and I having any
official diplomatic channels whispers
are growing behind the scenes about the
extent of their cooperation last month
an Israeli military chief of staff was
quoted as saying he was on the exact
same page with the Saudis when it
concerns Iran I was sitting there
listening to the remarks of a Saudi
general feeling like it could have been
me saying the exact same thing it was
like he was reading my own overview of
the situation so a definite psychic bond
building there that was until Trump
threw a wrench in the works by
recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's
capital therefore I have determined that
it is time to officially recognize
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel Saudi
Arabia joins the Muslim world's chorus
of condemnation saying East Jerusalem
should be recognized as the Palestinian
capital
I thought backed by its arch rivals in
Tehran we condemn the u.s. decision on
Jerusalem because of its great bias
against the historical and permanent
rights of the Palestinian people in
Jerusalem
yet as every possible step must be taken
to prevent the implementation of this
illegal action by the US administration
however there is one action that sticks
out here what factors and elements made
it possible for the u.s. presidents to
dare to take such an outrageous act so
as Saudi Arabia got cozy with Israel and
balance ties with regional Muslim allies
Turk
jumped in with president aired on
gathering Muslim nations and Istanbul to
condemn Trump's call on Jerusalem and it
was there that Saudi Arabia reversed
back to being on the same side with Iran
and against Israel Saudi Arabia with the
majority of Arab states actually are
adding towards establishing a certain
alliance between them and Israel and the
pretext of facing the Iranian threat
this alliance is pushed forward by the
United States of America as part of its
grant strategy the Saudis support Donald
Trump's move because they want to
dissolve and get rid of the Palestinian
cause and as an obstacle towards
establishing an alliance with Israel
however they cannot be open in their
position because this would embarrass
them throughout the Arab Islamic world
and now the region is again left on a
precipice where signs will eventually
need to be taken Israel is attempting to
calm the waters by saying they're ready
to settle the issue with Palestine and
have invited Riyadh into the peace
process
I suggest that Saudi Arabia as the
leader of the Arab world take upon
itself this initiative and go to the
Palestinians and offer their patronage
they are too weak they need someone to
help them King Salman should come give
patronage to and lead the peace
initiative with the Palestinians and the
US meanwhile the Saudi foreign minister
says the Kingdom has a roadmap to
establish full diplomatic ties with Tel
Aviv should there be a peace agreement
with the Palestinians but the question
remains will Saudi Arabia find a way to
keep everyone happy and if not who will
be left out in the cold this time
