violence has broken out again in the
West Bank after the funeral of one of
the victims killed in Friday's protests
clashes between Palestinian rioters and
Israeli police have claimed four lives
and cost hundred and caused hundreds to
be injured there it comes as the fallout
continues over Donald Trump's decision
to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel
this video filmed on the Israeli Gaza
border shows one protester in a
wheelchair it's believed the history
here is they lost both his legs several
years ago during Israeli airstrikes it
seems he was hit by his really gunfire
then on Friday and died
what other protesters tried to carry him
to safety local officials say Israeli
soldiers suspected he was wearing a bomb
belt
local journalist in Qadri reports from
the scene
we are still not allowed buffer zone and
tensions are increasing the Israeli army
are throwing tear gas bombs as you can
see actually rates of tear gas bombs
they're also throwing live bullets as
you can see no tear gas bombs are
filling the place people are running the
ambulance is taking the injury
since the morning there were lots of
protests and demonstrations all over
Gaza Strip there was a million March the
Palestine factions and Palestinian
leaders called their supporters and the
Palestinian citizens to come to the
confrontations - to conference with the
Israelis against to express their anger
against Donald Trump's decision pro
palestinian demonstrations are being
held worldwide including several
European states hundreds demonstrated in
Berlin on Friday local police banned
American and Israeli flags at that
protest after many was set fired - at a
previous rally over in Athens protesters
marched towards the US Embassy in the
Greek capital
