I'm Max Keiser this is the kaisers
report the show that brings you more
news in 26 minutes and the entire
network of enemies what that's right huh
max we're gonna talk about strategic
scams on this episode of the Kaiser
report and I think these two stories I
have here are these two headlines
juxtaposed together they tell an
important story about empire and it is
the shrinking wealth at home expanding
footprint abroad so first I'm gonna look
to a story about one of my favorite
headlines I've talked about often and
that is the Obamacare smart tactic but
sad that Americans need to be so
strategic to afford health care and
Cornwell considered too drastic
strategies and requests to get
affordable health insurance premiums
last year for herself and her retired
husband one was divorce another was
taking 30 percent pay cut she chose the
ladder the maneuver slashed the premiums
for the couple who lived in Chattanooga
Tennessee from exorbitant to economical
instead of $2,100 a month the amount she
had been quoted for 2017 their premiums
are just 87 dollars monthly her lost
income more than compensated for by
qualifying for insurance subsidies
they're seeing this now going into 2018
where premiums are going up again you
know we've talked about these $2,000 a
month premiums but what Americans are
choosing to do is shrink their incomes
in order to qualify for the free
taxpayer money everybody's at the trough
of the basically fraud and scams and and
you know getting some money out of the
government is the only way to get
wealthy in this sort of economy an
imperial economy the American Dream is
actually the french stream exactly you
know we lived in France for many years
and the population spends all their day
trying to game the system game the
government and gain the subsidies and
avoid work at all costs and they call
that socialism but it's just basically
lazy ISM or the exceptionalism that is
France la frawls and so America is
entering late-stage sclerotic growth of
an empire that's in the decline like
France before it the dollar is losing
its status as world reserve currency
instead of the population just spends
all day trying to nickel and dime each
other and the government well this is
what you get as well when you have these
sort of wealth and income gaps and
opportunity gaps is that instead of
everybody just having a National Health
Service or the French health care system
is really good and equal everybody's
treated equal here it's it's it's either
you are like bled to death or you're
given like world-class health care for
nothing for eighty seven dollars a month
so those are the only two options so at
a certain point and it made so much
sense it was so obvious to see this
coming is that this couple had eighty
five thousand dollars in income and that
meant she had to pay that was before
taxes by the way so that meant they had
to pay two thousand one hundred a month
if she just lowered it to under sixty
five thousand or sixty two thousand but
she just gets it for free so why go
through all that stress of coming up
with 21 hundred dollars a month working
your bum off in order to get that money
to pay that twenty one hundred and then
just sit back you know she gets more
days off she could just sit at home do
something else read books whatever and
what's the quid pro quo for people who
are happy to pay the maximum in the
extortion racket that the drug and
insurance companies got the government
to impose that unconstitutional tax
called Obamacare is that they are bought
in to America's various foreign policies
of rape and pillage for a few bucks
that's the foreign policy or to let
pharmaceutical companies create an
opiate crisis domestically you don't
hear anyone questioning that on MSNBC or
CNBC or any of the mainstream media
outlets they all buy into it they get
paid a lot of money they'll pay the
stipend to the health extortionist and
the Obamacare folks as long as they push
the line that there's still an active
non ghost-like population that's
crawling around America fishing through
garbage pails
five dollars a day and during the third
world and trying to game the system 24/7
so here you have a situation where
people have been incentivized to earn
less to be less to think less to strive
less in order to get the free health
care overseas anybody who's connected in
DC has connections are close to power
and Eric Prince is one of these guys
Eric Prince is a very good friend of
Steve Bannon he's his sister as Betsy
DeVos who is the education secretary and
the Trump administration well apparently
he pitched a plan to strategically scam
the American population and basically
plunder Afghanistan and thus exposing
what the plan was all along private war
Eric Prince has his eye on Afghanistan's
rare metals controversial private
security tycoon Eric Princess famously
pitched an audacious plan to the Trump
administration hired him to privatize
the war in Afghanistan
using squads of security contractors now
for the first time however BuzzFeed news
is publishing that pitch a presentation
that lays out how Prince wanted to take
over the war from the US military and
how he envisioned mining some of the
most war-torn provinces in Afghanistan
to help fund security operations and
obtain strategic mineral resources for
the u.s. one slide for example shows
that he believes that there's one
trillion dollars worth of rare earth
metals and things like lithium for
batteries in just Helmand province and
he wants to go get it
he'll give the US government a cut and
his private contractors his securities
is his hitman his guys will go in there
and and take it right he wants to do a
leveraged buyout of Afghanistan he's
pledging the collateral of the rare
earths to fund his takeover of the
country and to sell off the rare earths
and to get a fee on the invasion now
Dick Cheney pitched that the invasion of
Iraq would pay for itself from the
revenues on the oils yeah I think it was
Ahmad Chalabi Lobby yeah that's right
and that turned out to be a sinkhole of
multi trillion-dollar catastrophe and a
human rights disaster I'm sure Libya
according to Hillary Clinton was pitched
a similar way get ready Gaddafi will
give the energy resources will do a
leveraged buyout of Libya Greece it was
totally destroyed as a quasi leveraged
buyout between Hank Paulson or say John
Paulson hedge fund manager and Lloyd
Blankfein of Goldman Sachs to turn that
country into some kind of paradise for
hedge fund managers so whenever you have
Finance ears like in this case Eric
prince former you know assassin for hire
turned hedge fund manager to go in and
do a leveraged buyout on a country or or
or a company the results are encroaching
oligopoly human rights catastrophe and
no accountability this will be a
disaster he'll get rich there'll be a
lot of deaths a lot of murders a lot of
disease and that'll be written off and
never talk to me well there are new
technologies that can basically offer
the Afghani people themselves access to
that mineral wealth and that is
something like an initial coin offering
they should just right now before Eric
Prince could sell this because he is
still in DC pitching this to all sorts
of lawmakers trying to get him to go in
there his private army to steal their
resources well why don't they just like
float it and say hey you know here's our
initial coin offering you can have a cut
of our one trillion dollars in Helmand
Helmand coin you know they they should
offer it's worth a trillion dollars
they'll take 500 billion you come in
come extract it and that's it that they
can immediately access that that the
global financial crypto markets are
desperate for investment opportunities
we pitch this to verifier focus yes it
was a finance minister of Greece yeah
and we told him go to Bitcoin make
Bitcoin we talked about this exactly but
Greece only had debt these guys have no
debt zero debt from Afghanistan and
they've got thousands and trillions of
dollars of resources well it's gonna
offer the petrol it's just gonna be a
crypto coin back by naturally talked
about in the previous episode with our
guest from Cuba but now I want to talk
about this like how what he's modeling
this on this is quick okay it's speaking
of imperial remember I said these
Imperial nations you always see a
shrinking of the wealth at home and as
the footprint has to expand overseas and
more and more is dedicated to keeping
the
edge of Empire alive and people like
Eric Prince very wealthy so Prince
briefed top trump administration
officials directly talked up his plan
publicly on the DC Circuit and published
op eds about it he patterned the
strategy he is pitching on the
historical model of the old British East
India Company which had his own army and
colonized much of Britain's Empire in
India quote an East India Company
approach he wrote in The Wall Street
Journal would use cheaper private
solutions to fill the gaps that plagued
the Afghan security forces including
reliable logistics and aviation support
you know you go to The Wall Street
Journal you go to Bloomberg or you go to
Financial Times and you see all of this
stuff openly discussed that never gets
discussed on the shrieky cable news
which is pushing hoaxes after hoax after
hoax about very social issues whereas
the the Empire is being divided up and
cut and chopped all the wealth stolen
around the world and the openly in the
pages of the financial press yeah well
of course the East India Company was a
colossal failure and bubble that burst
could be the South Sea Bubble as well
that this is am i confusing the South
India Company was very very successful
and I think it was a successful
enterprise was it wasn't always a
success this is a show about modern day
and I'm just comparing Eric prints that
he's modeling this on a Imperial of
previous Empire how that you see India
company helped with their private armies
to expand the British Empire the British
Empire for sure has collapsed that is
gone you can say that for sure that you
got that right here we have an American
Empire on the verge of collapse and here
we have a guy Eric Prince who's
connected to the political powers that
be who wants to expand well who plunder
the rest of the nation while the US
still sees the British Empire and the
East India Company versus the American
Empire and Eric princess yes neo East
India Company whatever he's calling yes
Danny East company yes yes he wants to
do it through his Chinese registered
company as you do
yeah because he knows which is the next
Empire this is him transitioning to the
next Empire I think I don't know if he's
even allowed to set foot here but one
surprising element is the commercial
promises prints and visions that the US
will get access to Afghanistan's rich
deposits of minerals such as lithium use
and batteries uranium magnesite and rare
earth elements critical metals use in
high-tech from defensive electronics one
slide estimates the value of mineral
deposits and Helmand province alone at
one trillion dollars he does mention
actually even though he's doing it
through he's proposing this anyway
through his Chinese register company is
that the Chinese manipulate the rare
earth elements markets so that giving us
right the US well I mean there's a lot
of rare earths on asteroids why not put
Erik prints on a rocket strapped them to
the rocket and blast them off into outer
space you know see I think everyone
anyway we got to go to the break don't
go away
much more coming your way welcome back
to the guys report on Max Keiser time
now to turn to Marshall all back here's
the research associate at the levy
Institute Marshall welcome back max
thanks for having me good alright listen
before we get into this deep you know
ideological stuff I got to ask you about
a tweet talking about the Carolina
Hurricanes and the National Hockey
League oh yes your thoughts on this they
should relocate to Quebec City sorry all
you hockey fans in Raleigh I know
there's not many very many of you but
that's my team now I know all of them
and you're talking about reloading them
to Quebec I mean I'm just getting into
the Hurricanes you and maybe 5,000 other
judging from the attendance levels at
the game so Wow
so this is a part of an expansion of the
NHL well no the whole reason why this
came up is because Seattle agreed to
spend Apollo money renovating its old
arena so Gary Bettman came out last
night and effects baby uh all but
promised them an expansion franchise for
a cool six hundred and fifty million
dollars so you're like in the Stanley
Cup this year well I got to stick with
the leave some later on of course you
know that's my team is their team that's
their year alright alright let's talk
about you know we were on recently and
people started to ask much MMT they're
really into mmt they want to know more
about mmt you're one of the
pre-eminent mmt people tell us about it
I would describe myself more as a
popularizer in propaganda style in
regard to modern monetary theory the
people really behind it
who've done all the heavy lifting our
scholars like Bill Mitchell at the
University of Newcastle in Australia
stephanie kelton randy ray yon kragle
and of course warren Mosler who's also
got a prominent following on in the
Twittersphere so tell us a little bit
about it just give us a primer on it I'm
just gonna sit back and let you talk a
little bit about it cuz if people have a
real interest in this there's a lot of
different aspects to it but the the the
main point that modern monetary
theorists always make is that there is
no inherent financing constraint when
you are a sovereign in your own currency
and by that it means you are the issue
of your own currency you you are not
operating on an exchange rate standard a
gold standard you're free to create as
as much money as is required to
consistent with broader public purpose
bets which is not to say as Dick Cheney
that the deficits don't matter what it
does mean is that the focus remains on
the constraint of real resources so that
if the government keeps spending and
willy nilly by real resources quantified
qualify that well I mean like if you've
got a tight labor market you got tight
commodity markets and you keep spending
money then of course you can get
inflation that's your constraint but
there's no necessary constraint on say
like you know the European Union has
this stability and growth pact but Prodi
rightly called the stupidity and growth
pact but they say you can't run budget
deficits more than 3% of GDP in Greece
was entered into the Euro goldman sachs
help them cook the books to get around
them yeah but that all that there is no
concrete there's no empirical basis at
any level per se
okay what's the who in the government
the function of this would fall to the
Treasury right that's correct that's not
well well the set look the central bank
and Treasury effectively have a of a
unified function and what happens is
that you know the the the Treasury
spends the money into existence and the
Federal Reserve as the central bank
effectively acts as the scorekeeper and
you know to the guy that it's the entity
that actually punches in the the digits
on the keyboard you know that it creates
some money in the first place doesn't
obviate the need for the central bank
well
is it's AIT's a because a central bank
loans the money to the Treasury
effectively right yeah well interest and
that's where you end up with a problem
because you got to print money to pay
the interest and if you end up with a
kind of explosion and well but it's like
saying you know you have your mother and
your father you know they both take on
the the parenting function they just
take on different roles so the central
bank is privately owned and the federal
well I've heard that on them before but
it is a creature of Congress it was
created by Congress it could be revoked
by not a wholesome beast it doesn't like
that operate as a different interest of
all time I agree privately-held bank
that is lending money at interest that
is not yeah III well I wouldn't disagree
with you and Franklin said one of the
reasons America stage the Revolution was
to get rid of the away from the Bank of
England a Bank of England and they of
course eliminated the Bank of the United
States at one point as well but but look
even if you got rid of the Federal
Reserve tomorrow and replaced it with
something else that you're not going to
eliminate a corruption looks like you
know in Congress is in theory public
institutions supporting acting and
broader public purpose but I wouldn't
say that what you've seen out of
Congress certainly in regards to say
this tax bill it's okay you're saying
though they would be proactive in in
increasing or decreasing availability of
money depending on restraints and
constraints and taking the the
temperature of the economy whereas in
the central bank equation they seem to
only see one possible outcome and that
is to keep rates as low as possible
seemingly to couch out to folks that are
benefiting from these lower rates like
the leveraged buyout people buying back
their own shares people involved in all
kinds of nefarious schemes that require
low interest rates and they don't raise
rates even though the signs are there to
raise rates I would question whether
there actually are signs of you know
raising rates I mean I think there's
signs of deterioration in the credit
market there's there's signs of a
slowdown than in a lot of different
areas so I'm not sure I would agree with
that but the point is actually you mM
tears would argue that the natural rate
of interest is is is zero because what
happens is when you fill up the system
full of reserve inexorably that pushes
prices down to a interest rates down to
zero and it's
only if you have an active agent on the
other side whether that be the central
bank actually raising the the discount
rate or raising interest rates on on
reserves that you actually can raise
let's talk about money velocity okay
this is the rate at which money goes
from bank to bank to bank to bank to
bank right and in an expanding economy
of course you have high money velocity
and in a contracting economy you see low
money velocity now since the 2008 crisis
we see the central bank printing records
amount of cash and it being hoarded on
the balance sheets of banks that are
technically insolvent they're not
lending it out the money velocity is
moribund it's dead because there are bad
actors enabled by the central bank
they're keeping the zombie banks afloat
Marshall yeah that's a problem how do
and so what do we deal with that okay
well I mean interest rates let me just
finish so the interest rates are low not
because there's no demand for credit
it's like saying there's a millions of
small businesses in America and they
don't want to grow they don't want to
hire people there's no economic growth
and data what they want to borrow money
but they're not being able to borrow
money because the banks are hoarding it
on their sheets to keep their
installment balance sheets afloat well
first of all they don't lend out
reserves I mean reserves are there for
settlement purposes within the interbank
market and also with the the other
central bank but but look lending itself
is a it's a two-way contract between
lenders and borrowers so you want to
have a borrower who's actually got
rising income and it's a and it has is
gainfully employed when he takes on a
limb out reserves but their balance
sheets are backed by reserves in other
words they lend out money but they don't
the risks they're playing games through
the primary dealers and with the central
bank Charlotte said well again exposure
to these loans to zero they don't want
to take any freaking risks so they have
this relationship with the with the
central bank they're they're not
directly loaning out reserves but they
they have a direct connection to the
Pens and then
that's a dead system they're keeping
these zombie banks a lot and end in
tears have have things to say about that
as well the generally speaking if you
read the works of people like Bill
Mitchell for example he he argues that
the best thing would be to have a narrow
banking model where you effectively
preserve a utility yeah it's not it's
not out there making bets that's like
the reserve is leveraged 60 to 1 yes
making bets ok 0% interest rates for an
mmt treasury function is just treating
getting back to this idea of money as a
utility they're just they're bringing it
out there it's zero percent because
they're not trying to scam on the rate
spread they're just ranking it either
available or not available right and the
way and then they also would argue that
the optimal way to control demand is via
fiscal policy rather than through
interest rates because interest rates
are a you know I always say it's like
using a meat cleaver to conduct surgery
you know interest rates of a variable
effect with this for every person that's
hurt by rising interest rates there's a
saver who might be helped by it so it
doesn't have the same exit okay why
steal from savers yeah you have to
speculator so for example when you had
this housing bubble in the in the in the
early 2000s well actually it started
well below that before that but if you
had actually introduced um you know real
estate taxes that could have slowed it
down and you wouldn't have needed to use
the interest rate weapon that's just one
example okay who determines whether the
economy should be injected with cash or
not you're looking at a matrix of data
you talked about wages to talk about
inflation all those parameters have been
bastardized and distorted over the years
because the government wants there's one
recognized inflation so they do hedonic
adjustments to the CPI and other years
to make it look like there is no
inflation because they don't want to pay
out any any kind of cost-of-living
adjustments and these other inflation
government would actually get be in
charge of the data in a real way then
the national data services but then you
know the the actual data that there are
many ways to measure the data in you and
and the broader you get on the
employment measures for example the more
accurate a gauge you get for the the
economy you're obviously basing your
remarks on on certain data points you
have seen BLS that's right
garbage no I think actually the BLS for
it
they produce very very good work the
plan rates going down but the number of
people that are unemployed keeps going
up there's like 95 million people
eligible you know employment that are
not working never and that statistic is
underemployment is a big problem and and
of course what you're talking about is
the the the number of people that are
actually employed you know so so yeah
you're right but that's again based on
data that's out there for people to see
so it's it's it's you know it's really
cherry-pick the garbage data well the
government does that but why do they do
that
well because it's genuine oh of course
they are but you're you're asking me -
you're not going to imply that the
theory is responsible for the the
cherry-picking of the garbage you know
that's that's what a you know that's
like blaming the theory is fine in terms
of let's look at the money supply and
let's treat it as a utility and let's
keep interest rate to zero and before
the central bank in America before 1913
isn't that the way kind of the way with
you right but you were on a gold
standard then as well and the gold
standard okay so the gold standard let's
talk about that because that is not in
the MMT world they don't like the gold
standard right they do not like any
constraint which impinges on the ability
of the government to act in a sovereign
capacity is the way that they would they
would phrase it okay and the gold
standard does not allow you to deal with
the you know exhaustion extreme shocks
to demand that you had say throughout
the 19th century or like you also had
about the constraint of a gold standard
versus the artificial constraints that
you're putting together they're an
academic world saying oh no so data that
we're looking at which could be nonsense
we're gonna that's not the academics
that's that's political bastardization
or those the academics and the think
tanks and the first gender they
infiltrate into the government they push
their few are you are correct they there
are look because he keeps saying I'm
correct well we don't we'll we'll
disagree on that but but on the on the
other points yeah you're right
economists often have a political agenda
okay
the and and economics is a social
science many of the biases that people
have in regard to the policy outcomes
they want are informed by their their
politics which is why you have them
often cherry-picking at data or using
disk read
the economic theories because you know
like someone like Greg Mankiw has still
has books to send to - there's so much
called here's the gold here's the
constraint now we have to work
underneath that constraint why not just
go with the real constraint instead of
relying on someone come up with an
artificial constraint is exactly what MT
ones and tears want to do work on work
on the basis of conducting policy on the
basis of real constraints rather than
artificial gold a second real constraint
yeah but why do you want to do it on
gold because it worked for a hundred
years what way in what way did it work
you had five depressions in the
nineteenth century you had the Great
Depression in the 1930s and what way did
go let's all globalization was built on
the gold standard and the gold of the
the policies between inter-country
policies on the gold standard you had a
hundred years of growth nuts all night
up until the early 20th century you had
five depressions in the nineteenth but
you know any depression you know it's
like we use them without a depression
it's like a thought ism without help I
mean you're gonna have a kitty the
occasional pullback that's the way
capitalism worked you want sure market
capitalism or do you want like diapers
socially well look I don't disagree that
you you can have you're going to have
depressions or recessions
the question is do you want to have
optimal policy tools to mitigate the
impact of that that's what you really
wanted night that's a good question we
gotta go we gotta garner than we gotta
go we gotta leeks Thanksgiving on the
classroom it's my pleasure all right
well that's ghetto leaves yeah they go
the Maple Leafs they're gonna win that's
that's the point of this conversation is
that the Toronto Maple Leafs are gonna
win the Stanley Cup and there's
something called
mmt do you want to catch us on twitter
it's Kaiser report until next time bye
