moving on the uk's top military officer
has claimed russia's navy could sabotage
underwater cables disrupting
communications and triggering global
economic chaos with more on the
accusation
let's bring in Polly buckle the warning
has come from South Stuart peach he is a
senior NATO official and he's also the
chief of British defense staff and he
says that Russian ships have been
spotted perilously close to Atlantic
cables these are underwater very
important strategic cables that cross
the Atlantic from Europe to the US and
since according to Sir Stuart peach
Russia has continued to develop its
unconventional warfare well the internet
could be the Kremlin's next victim
Russia in addition to new ships and
submarines continues to perfect
both unconventional capabilities and
information warfare and there's a new
risk to our way of life which is the
vulnerability of the cables that
crisscross the sea beds well according
to Sir Stuart peach that kind of
disruption could have catastrophic event
effects and he stressed that Russian
ships are constantly cruising the
Atlantic's waters potentially with the
purpose of cutting these cables when no
one is watching and as is often the case
when military officials make these
warnings well there is a way of
mitigating this threat that he's talking
about according to him and that is by
spending more money on defense quite an
important and perhaps also ironic side
note to this story is the fact that
these cable cables that we're talking
about are the very same cables that we
know that Britain and the US have been
tapping we know that thanks to the leaks
of Edward Snowden from back in 2013 we
know that GCHQ the British spy agency
also its US counterpart the NSA they've
been gathering intelligence through
these cables for years for example GCHQ
Stemper a program that play
data interceptors on those fiber-optic
cables that connect the US and Europe
and all the information flowing from the
UK was intercepted it made this sort of
transatlantic network that allowed
British intelligence to access huge
amounts of traffic going from Europe to
the u.s. the NSA had a very similar
program which was called prism as well
none of that appears to bother this NATO
official who is making this warning
about Russia potentially cutting the
cables the message from him appears to
be that next time that your internet is
playing up well before you start cursing
your internet provider make sure it
wasn't the Russians first poly Boyko
reporting will the US previously showed
concern over alleged underwater
wiretapping by the Russians in 2015 back
then it was claimed Moscow might be
plotting to sever the lines during
so-called periods of conflict no
evidence however was put forward by
either Washington or London
international affairs commentator
Jonathan Steele says Britain is using
the fear of attacks real or imagined to
avoid cutbacks to its Armed Forces well
it is an old allegation I mean two years
ago already a u.s. naval officials in
the Pentagon in Washington were making
exactly the same claims I mean it's just
part of the new technology that's
available to you know advanced countries
like Russia and the United States and
Britain part of the sort of hybrid
warfare capabilities which everybody
seems to be developing drones satellites
hybrid warfare etc these navies and air
forces and armies are always trying to
get more money they're always against
cuts so anything that helps them put
forward what they think is a strong
argument they will try and use of course
I mean we know that as long ago as 1971
the United States managed to tap the
secret underwater cable in the sea of a
Hots near Japan of the Soviet nuclear
forces to find out what Soviet nuclear
probabilities and intentions were so
this is a very old technology
