hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
one of the most important if not the
most important pillars of Western
society is the rule of law and the equal
application of the law this is now being
put into doubt we are told now it is the
court of credibility that rules whatever
that means is the Cavanagh nomination a
game-changer
crosstalking the rule of law joined by
my guest jason nichols in washington he
is a progressive commentator and
democratic strategist in West Palm Beach
we have dr. Gina Loudon she is a
psychology expert and host of America
trends with dr. Gina and in Atlanta we
have Brian Crabtree he is the host of
the Brian Crabtree radio show all right
crosstalk rules in effect that means he
can jump in any time you want and I
always appreciate Jeana let me go to you
first in West Palm Beach it's been
floated around by well specifically by
the senator from California or even
watching it would like to be accused in
the court of credibility what happened
to the rule of law Gina
it's a great question that I wish I
could answer we've we've come to a place
where we're literally examining the
possibility of innocent until accused
that's a very scary thing we've seen it
throughout history where the politically
correct lot gets to decide who has
credibility and who doesn't and that is
a very scary thought if you look back at
world history
they are absolutely willing to throw the
rule of law but we should have known
this about the regressive left honestly
because they started down this path with
the whole idea of illegal immigration
which also thwarts the rule of law so
this is a continuation of the
dismantling of the constitutional
governance of the United States and I
hope that the citizens react harshly and
and and and with everything they've got
because there's no way this no way that
a constitutional government can be
maintained under such circumstances okay
Jason Bret Cavanaugh wants to sit on the
highest court of the land and interpret
the Constitution as he understands it
but is he being given the protections of
the Constitution as he goes through this
nomination process go ahead Jason
absolutely Anna and I disagree with your
last guest I disagree with Gina I think
that what everyone wants is due process
and that's
both on the right and the left I think
what we want is a full investigation
from the FBI and I think Brett Kavanaugh
is entitled to that as is his accuser
they both have the should have the
opportunity to have their case proven
rather than just for things to be rushed
through Senator Chuck Grassley said
before that he wanted to move on which i
think is a poor way of approaching this
we really need to give that everyone the
opportunity to state their piece have a
full investigation mark judge needs to
go before the Senate committee and
actually have due process and that
benefits of Brett Kavanaugh and his
accuser dr. Ford okay
well Bryan I mean if you if you look at
this whole sordid story with hardly any
evidence whatsoever and evidence that
there never will be that but the passage
of time and the dulling of memories and
it's well I don't think it's a
coincidence that all came out after the
confirmation process here I mean what I
see in reflecting upon what Jason said
is that the left keeps moving the
goalposts here I mean I don't think they
want any justice here they want power
that's what they want Brian
power and that's they also want to
thwart the will of the people the people
that elected Trump elections have
consequences President Obama told us
that many times and here are the
consequences the left can't deal with
consequences the left certainly hasn't
been very good at dealing with
accountability I do however think we
should believe the women in this case in
Cavanaugh's confirmation we have a
couple of women who says 30 some odd
years ago while in high school
teenage boys were acting like teenage
boys and girls girls but we have dozens
of women for the last three decades have
known judge Brett Kavanaugh who said
he's a fine man he's a good man they've
always been treated well by him and then
we have additional women outnumbering
the number who say that he had committed
some sort of sexual act who say he was
never there they never saw that behavior
during that time so which women do we
believe do we believe the ones that fit
our political narrative which are
limited or do we believe the ones that
fit
what seems to me to be the truth which
are numerous to me that the polarization
and the division of the United States at
this point in our history is is chilling
and it's an existential threat to our
future because we're not interested in
the truth any longer we're interested in
in supporting what we already feel and
finding facts to delude ourselves into
believing that that someone we don't
like or don't want it's somehow
automatically bad this is this is very
very structurally destructive for our
country in our future and and this whole
issue is disgusting you know Gina it
seems to me that Brett Kavanaugh is
being made into every man he represents
all men and you know I thought you know
after everything over the last you know
since the civil rights movement did the
president I thought we were all treated
as individuals and not part of a tribe
or a clan and it seems to me that this
is what this is all about it's not about
him it's about politics and and making
sure that this president cannot fulfill
his duties as president I mean we you
know look at all of the nomination
processes over the last thirty years or
so I mean it's very partisan the
president gets the person in that he
wants okay but not this time
it would seem Gina go ahead yeah you
know the regressive left has trivialized
individual rights that are enumerated in
our Constitution and there's a purpose
for that they are interested in
socializing our government they are
interested in dismantling what is a
constitution based on negative rights
that's rights free from the imposition
of government and all the while acting
in fascist ways while calling the right
fascists it's absolutely amusing but if
I were just being very partisan right
now I would say keep it up because
middle America is watching this I don't
expect the leftist elites on the coasts
to see what they're doing to their own
party but if you look the fundraising of
the left is completely off literally
almost insolvent while the Republicans
are setting records this quarter
I really think that if they continue
down this course of trying to name the
right as the insane ones and this
president as the same one while he's
acted so level-headed while having darts
and thrown at him virtually all day
every single day I really think that
they are showing something about
themselves to middle America and the
middle America may not talk about it but
I promise you this
middle America will vote about it that's
what we saw in 2016 it's what we'll see
in the 2018 okay in the interest of
saving time I won't ask Jason a question
I'll let him react to what he's heard go
ahead Jason wow there's a lot there
number one in terms of the president
being able to have a duty to to put
people on the court Mayor Garland was
given that opportunity and Republicans
blocked there which actually was very
regressive for our Constitution the
other thing that I would say in response
to Brian is that if one person is nice
to 65 women but assaults one that
doesn't take away from the from the one
woman he assaulted and that is and I
think it's offensive to say that sexual
assault is somehow a teenage thing that
boys go through I was a teenager I never
sexually assaulted anybody so I -
against one Jason go ahead you know and
and this and the last thing I will say
is when we're talking about voting
number one if you look at things like
Texas which may flip better O'Rourke has
out fundraise the Republicans we've seen
this all over the country that the house
is going to flip you're going to see a
blue wave and also you're seeing a lot
of more a lot more women running for
office and we're going to see women are
going to turn because they see how the
Republicans are treating the case I
don't want to talk about the elections
guys I want to stay on the Cavanaugh
case and the rule of law Brian go ahead
in Atlanta because all of a sudden here
I feel like I'm in 2016 around September
we heard all the same arguments about
flipping and Trump
and Hilary's gonna win that that's the
same narrative and it's been going on
the last three years and the Democrats
seem to have not gotten in yet I didn't
want to add to this whole discussion
about women here first of all when
teenagers are at a party drinking
underage which I presume is at least in
part what was being accused of Kavanagh
and dr. Ford I took the time to explain
all this to my nine-year-old daughter
and I said when you're a teenager and
you're at a party it's not right for a
guy to sexually assault you but I'll
tell you what is right for you to leave
a party where there's underage drinking
or inappropriate drinking there's
accountability and all of this destroy
someone 30-some odd years later we don't
want to have a discussion in this
country and on that Bryan about
accountability but we should okay all
right all right
Jeana let me go to you before we go to
my friend Brian there but go ahead Jeana
go ahead in West Palm Beach go ahead
yeah I was gonna say kudos to my friend
Brian there for giving it the old try
old-fashioned try there but we can't
expect the regressive left to care about
the rule of law when it concerns teenage
drinking if we if they don't care about
the rule of law when it concerns an
invasion of our country from illegals
and the the right of individuals to be
innocent until proven guilty if they
don't care about that Brian they're not
gonna care about underage drinking well
let me zoom out Bambi stay with Jenna
let me see let me stay with you me go to
the brick hey Jason let me go to Jeana
before we go to the bring it Gina do you
want the FBI to be investigating keg
parties is is that what the FBI is
supposed to be doing I don't think
anyone said anything about the FBI here
but nobody think it would be good if we
could at least respect the rule of law
and not ridicule when someone like Brian
says you know hey maybe if you're a girl
you shouldn't be out doing this you know
if nothing justifies any kind of sexual
assault and I think we're gonna be very
careful their greed we're not even
talking about sexual assault this woman
neither can the other woman and by the
way and by the way I'm a woman and that
doesn't give me any more credibility to
talk about this than it does any of the
three of you and by the way I have
daughters and I have sons and I'm not
just concerned about my daughter's not
you know being stuck in some bad
situation something I'm worried about my
son's being accused of everything they
do and losing a job a man so I have to
jump in here we have to go to a hard
break after our break we'll continue our
discussion on the rule of law stay with
RT welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered on Peter level to
remind you we're discussing the rule of
law
okay let me go back to Jason and watch
it and why should Bret Kevin I have to
prove his innocence I mean isn't it's
really just turning the entire judicial
tradition upside down on top of it
dr. Ford's lawyer said that she wanted
to have her client dr. Ford speak after
Brett Kavanaugh well that is just a
perversion of the system okay and again
that looks like it's just playing
politics here Oh Angie and she has had
ten demands I mean with since when do
people and make demands about how
something is going to be investigated
Rick Cavanaugh has been investigated six
times by the FBI and in this Ramirez
story she spent days trying to recollect
it and then calling people do you
remember what it was about and then she
makes a claim and then the New Yorker
makes a fool out of itself I mean I
think that if there's something to
investigate then do it but there doesn't
seem to be any there-there at all go
ahead Jason well again I think that
there needs to be a full investigation
and before I actually go into that I
will say that you know based on what
your last guest just said it sounded
like they were blaming a 15 year old
girl for being at a party where they was
drinking and saying that she deserved to
be sexually assaulted that was that was
frightening but beyond that can hear
what you're saying because you're
talking over each other finish your
point Jason and I will go to Brian yeah
thank you thank you I think that we need
a full investigation of these claims I
think she was making terms for her
appearance in front of the Senate
Judiciary Committee and I think that
that's not necessarily out of the
ordinary I think she's just trying to
look out for her best interest as any of
us would remember this is not a criminal
trial he's not gonna go to prison
afterward they just want to find out
whether he has feel for this you know
sorry Jason looking you know Jason the
left has already convicted Cavanaugh and
this is what makes me really really
angry okay absolutely
Brian haven't convicted arm at all
brother Brian Brian let me go to Brian
in Atlanta you know senator Feinstein
had this letter she sat on it then she
talked to him private there there were
the the hearings the confirmation
hearings and then all of a sudden all of
this comes out then to delay in to delay
and then another person pops up and and
these people have very strong political
affiliations background does have
substance here I mean this looks like
just slow walking this to make sure that
the judge Kavanagh doesn't get his day
in the court of public appearance it's
just it's all just a smear against him
because Jason says there should be an
investigation okay where's the house
what's the address what was the date I
mean what do you want the FBI to do go
ahead in Atlanta Brian
yeah let's remember the Duke lacrosse
team and the prosecutor he had longer
has a law license those kids those boys
were victims they were accused of
something that later was determined
didn't happen and when we take to this
and try to judge a man from 30 plus
years ago that's the problem
if these accusations were three years
ago or five years ago or 10 years ago
they certainly carry more gravity in my
mind but not only have they been sitting
in a box for three decades they were
sitting on Diane Feinstein's desk for
three months waiting for political
timing sexual assault allegations are
not for political timing they are for
reporting at the time they happen for
prosecution to do it 30 plus years later
to me is irrelevant I operate on a
10-year rule if the allegation is over
10 years old I judge the man or the
woman of the last 10 years not what
someone says they did air quotes 15 20
I'm sorry I don't care I care about
sexual assault I have a daughter instead
and I was just Miss accounted after the
break by Jason I said I spoke to my
daughter about
and if she's ever at a party underage
drinking is occurring to leave because
bad things happen that doesn't make it
her fault
that means I'm preparing her to not be
sexually assaulted
it's called accountability on both sides
and I know the left knows nothing of
that okay Gina you know the one of the
things that really drives me up the wall
is this whole politics of victimization
you know and I would say in all of this
the rhetoric is also made Cavanaugh a
victim we will probably never ever know
if anything ever happened but we have in
in the public sphere right now in
parenthetically in Cavanaugh's file he
was accused of this of these potential
crimes here again that is not the rule
of law that is smearing people and and I
think this is one of the things that
really bothers me because it is so
polarized the country and I think it
hurts relations be they men and women
should have I mean there is this
heightened sense of a chilling effect as
it were here that you can be accused of
something going all the way back to high
school
when I think most of us I'm probably the
oldest one here I don't remember much
about high school
go ahead Gina yeah I think if you make a
great point I in fact just finished a
whole book on this shameless plug it's
called mad politics but what I'm talking
about
in the book is the fact that the left is
fine with tribal izing us they don't
mind that at all because that's where
they get their money and power if they
can break us down into little groups and
make us all angry and afraid of one
another then they can control us and
this isn't an American phenomenon this
isn't a present-day phenomenon this is
something that leftist regressives and
totalitarians have done throughout world
history so there's no reason why when
they're admitting now that they're
socialists we should be surprised that
they're continuing to try to parse us up
into little groups but you look at the
movement right now most of my formerly
Democrat friends who are women think
this is the most ridiculous thing
they've ever witnessed and the Democrats
have exposed themselves in ways I know
they didn't mean to and
and I would ask your guest Jason um you
know he keeps saying that she should be
heard that there should be an
investigation as you pointed out and
thank you for that
there have been six FBI investigations
and this is actually out of their
jurisdiction because you can't
investigate a crime you don't have a
person place or thing to investigate
right but I want to ask Jason and this
is my distinct question to him and I
really want to hear the observers but I
want specificity Gina Gina wants to ask
Jason a question Gina
ask a question please go right go ahead
let's want to know why we should
investigate this why based on what
evidence because I know of zero evidence
other than somebody making an accusation
which could happen to you tomorrow
and there was no police report so there
there is some evidence of this number
one Christine dr. Ford actually took a
polygraph test and passed it she told
her psychologist that's on record in
2012 so these are all things these are
all things that that I think warrant an
investigation into these claims and as a
matter of fact there are other claims
that are coming out I think we should at
least investigate and again it hold on
you ask me a question I'll answer it
because she probably wasn't a pertinent
question so you're not you're not you
don't want me to answer your question
you're gonna answer your own question
and I'm probably the only person where
I'm probably the only person here that
is actually taking a polygraph test okay
it's not what you think it is it's it's
a it's not it's not a lie detector it's
a truth detector and it's all about the
questions you ask okay it depending on
what you want to get no wonder it's
inadmissible in a court okay
and Jason I have to say to you that most
prosecutors and I mean most these people
in Congress talking about this issue
have a legal background I mean they
really wasted a lot of money at Yale and
Princeton if they can't get the simple
principles of the rule
law together no prosecutor would go to
court over these it's hearsay he said
she said there's no evidence no forensic
evidence here no one would take it to
trial but you want to take it to the
trial in in public but that's what it is
there's a book opinion trial Peter
that's what it is
go ahead Jason right Peter but this is
not a criminal trial
like I said judge Cavanaugh is not at
risk of criminal prosecution that's not
what this is about this is about his
fitness to serve on the Supreme Court of
the United States so that's what this is
about and I think I know I wouldn't want
someone who is sexually assaulted
several people to be or even one person
to be on the Supreme Court that's what
this is again so you're assuming it's
true okay I think a lot of people
watching this program we'd like to know
what unfortunately Jason we never know
what that truth is for the many reasons
that I've already mentioned on this
program
Brian wants to jump in in Atlanta go
ahead last 30 years of his life a good
record of clean work he might have
agreed with his positions in the
judiciary but he's got a good record for
30 years
a guy let's assume for a second he made
a mistake something happened he had a
criminal activity when he was a teenager
does that mean he can never recover and
be an integrated successful meaningful
person in American society that means
almost no one's qualified for anything
anymore we can't destroy each other on
this and let me bring up a point about
something from the timeline that Jason
just mentioned back in 2012 Mitt Romney
mentioned judge Cavanaugh is a potential
nominee for the Supreme Court where he
elected as president it was 2012 when
Brett Kavanaugh the accuser dr. Ford
rather went to the psychologist the
timing of that is rather eerie was it a
result of his name being mentioned
publicly or more likely the left
bringing someone to the surface that
they could concoct and produce a story
that could block a potential
conservative nominee for Romney and they
kept this under file for many years and
now it's
you cannot cast behind this more than
they're willing to admit
30 seconds left Jason it's yours go
ahead so I just wanted to say number one
we've seen the right oftentimes you know
they're contradicting themselves number
one we've seen why Nita Broderick
brought up many times and that was maybe
45 years ago and people are still
talking about it and I believe Juanita
Broderick had every right to talk about
what happened to her and what what
brought her out into the into the fore
was the fact that she saw this man
becoming president it's the same thing
here when you see somebody rising and
rising and you see them more in the
public eye yes that comet ison to jump
in Jason now we've run out of contending
here but sure Bill Clinton was guilty of
sexual assault that's all the time we
have many times many thanks to my guests
in watching in Atlanta and in West Palm
Beach and thanks so our viewers for
watching us here at RT see you next time
and remember crosstalk Bruce
