meantime just beyond the use border
there's a village in Bosnia and
Herzegovina which is seeing a number of
radicalized fighters returning from
Syria and Iraq shallow Dubinsky has been
there to see whether the EU has got an
extremism hotbed fomenting right on its
very doorstep we're heading to the
smaller village of Austria it's one of
65 communities across Bosnia and
Herzegovina is considered to have been
radicalized they've been dubbed Sharia
villages and that's because residents
practice Wahhabi ISM an ultra
conservative form of Islam
it looks like an ordinary sleepy village
a few houses nestled between the hills
not how you might imagine a cradle of
Terror but the local and mom is telling
me that some of the residents have
joined Islamic state people who went to
Syria and fought on the side of ISIL but
we tried to stop that Bosnia has been
one of the main targets of Islamic state
propaganda dubbed a recruitment hotbed
with ISIL suffering dramatic losses in
Syria the recruits are expected to come
home some of them already did it's only
one person now we are distancing
ourselves from him we have nothing to do
with him the fear now is that his
fighters come back they may not just
spread radical ideology but also embark
on establishing an Islamic caliphate
here in Europe
Oberth nihilo anniversary news in bosnia
and herzegovina there are already small
caliphates existing the reason that
they're far from the cities and towns is
allows them to perform any covert
activity they need to the fact that
they're recruiting members means in the
future there will be a big threat to
Europe the Bosnian government has tried
to curb the terror threat by making it
illegal to fight for a foreign military
and more than a dozen of those who have
returned from Syria have been jailed
while the country is also spending
millions of euros on t radicalization
projects but is it all working the local
Imam says he fears for his life after
speaking out against those who joined
ISIL we do we do with these radical
elements are always unpredictable these
people prayed with me they ate at the
same table as me and they want to shoot
me isil's defeat in Syria and Iraq will
most likely Drive its foreign fighters
back home for many of them as we've just
learned
home means here a sleepy village in a
reclusive area in the heart of Europe
where extremism has already taken roots
Charlotte dubitzky RT Bosnia and
Herzegovina
