a very warm welcome to the Stan
Collymore show as we count down to the
greatest show on earth I chat to a World
Cup Golden Boot winner and a personal
hero of mine that's Gary Lineker to
discuss his World Cup stories how
important was it for you to play for
your country well played for your
country's it's the highest thing you can
do in terms of obviously in football
wise you know you all want to play for
club you want to play with
professionally you want to make it to
the first team and then obviously right
at the top is international football so
you want to represent your country where
you know wear the shirt wear the badge
so it was always a massive ambition I'd
never an ambition I honestly thought I'd
realize because I was kind of a slow
developer didn't even get in the squad
until I was 24 just talk about 1996 what
did it mean to you to get called up into
a World Cup squad
and we were there a great day expectancy
yes everyone thought we should be
Portugal we were you know we were on top
in that game but the conditions were
extraordinarily difficulties hard to
describe them if you would as a person
he went out now and just stood outside
in in the heat that we played in you go
oh my god I need to get in just standing
there let alone running around so it was
difficult but it's hard to appreciate
that at home and and things didn't go
for us in that first game and then they
ended up scoring kind of a goal a little
bit against the run of play and all of a
sudden were under the cosh Neal Neal the
next game against the Moroccans which
basically meant win or go home game as
well well I'd wanted to
I remember going down the right and
hitting one and that somebody like
cleared it off the line it just it was
it just wasn't happening inside and
Bryan Robson did his shoulder yeah ray
Wilkins got sent off look kind of role
the most benign sending off in the
tournament as well he just kind of just
didn't really exactly throw the ball at
the referee like he's supposedly did but
so then we all of a sudden we've got
Poland
how did Gary Lineker feel about that
Poland game when Sababa Robson put his
arm and who said right you starting
don't worry I trust in you pressure on
you it's pressure you always put
pressure on yourself but I kind of like
those moments so I've always you know
like you liked being under pressure like
the big moment so I just went into the
game first relieved I was playing I just
really wanted another go I remember he's
Bobby's team tour I should be done
before the game in the morning of the
game normally they're quite long on
before the Poland game he got us all in
together and he had his customary
clipboard on the side and he said boys
he said I can give you all the
permutations of f we win if we draw if
we're this and that but you know what
you've got to do you've got to go out
there for your country you've played for
the bad you've got the three lines what
we need today you just need to win this
game I know you can do it we know we can
and it was like goose bumps on the back
of the net and all the boys were just
about to get up off our chairs to get
out there we were like
and he goes but if anyone's interested
there's a few per meter and spend the
next 45 minutes going to reaches Patrick
ear World Cup what do you remember about
the goals and the game and how you felt
after the game when the final whistle
blew and it's like right with a job done
for now i it was amazing I mean it was
you know beyond kind of any dreams that
you could have for it you know we're
under pressure and then we played in the
foot he made a few changes I brought
Beardsley and for Hateley it could
easier than me that left out it was
probably the more obvious would have
been socratis to leave me out but bobby
saw something and he took a chance the
first time it ever really played a you
know the striker up top and kind of
badly like in number 10 and to
diminutive strikers and then he brought
in I think you know Peter Reed and Glenn
Hoddle and all of a sudden we started to
play we started to keep the ball we play
some good football you know we kept the
ball for the first goal it's a bit of an
Everton goal travesty and Gary Stevens
crossed it and I just did what I did
just gambled on a bit of space and all
of a sudden it's in the back of the net
people describe tell us what feels like
score goal and what to be honest it's
like an explosion of different emotions
obviously there's a massive amount of
joy but perhaps the most important thing
especially when you've had a patch we
haven't squiddy's relief a few minutes
later you know brilliant move really
great goal down that you know down the
left ah gee which one in and it just
came in and I just one of those where
you just take a little bit off it and
just manage to get it under the bar and
and and then like whatever it was later
a few minutes later corner keep it well
it she'd a she date nothing had happened
in the previous case
all of a sudden King goes eye drops it
straight to me but in the back of the
net
did you think that your life had changed
at that point I knew that was a massive
difference for me personally and the
England team and everything else but you
know in hindsight they described the
first goal in particular absolutely
life-changing moment
because everything that's subsequently
followed is is because of that and but
at the time excited and stuff but
probably didn't really think it about it
in terms of that kind of significance
when you score a hat-trick you where the
event in the running automatically to
win a Golden Boot oh yeah two hours
before they told me that's why I wanted
to do um you know every time I've ever
played in any team always with the top
scorer when it's been top scorer in the
league on it to win the Golden Boot I
was you know the absolutely obsessed
Oh game on all of a sudden I'm looking
at the thing that I'm thinking where am
I on the charts and I'm yeah of course I
knew everything all the time so my dad
would probably only person the entire
universe to to have a bell and we had me
at fourteen to one Paraguay next how did
you go into that game I'm full of
confidence now I'm just a totally
different dynamic different personal
feeling the team as well all of a sudden
went buzzing we've got ourselves through
we've won the group we've got Paraguay
and we're going to the Azteca all of a
sudden it felt like a welcome it was the
first time it felt like a World Cup you
know in the madness that was ensuring
the security the press the media he just
went like up another level win the game
then there is one of these iconic
football matches that Corbin Bernsen
every generation England against
Argentina what was the mood about
playing against Maradona argue the best
player in the world you were scoring
gold do you think he was at that stage
by by by mile yeah we didn't do
man-to-man marking it's not kind of in a
in our DNA so it was basically you know
ever he does drift in it's always been
difficult when you played kind of four
four twos to that player that wrist
between the lines which he did
brilliantly it was just basically the
nearest manage gets him closely as
possible you know I wasn't that far away
when he started the second that was good
even though just before that is a really
bad foul I think it was on Glenn Hoddle
which I hadn't seen until recently I had
no idea and I mean I can I did the ref
miss that let alone the first goal so
yeah I didn't get too close very often I
had no view of the hand of God I
couldn't know at all
not from where I was too many players in
there I couldn't see but obviously it
was quite obvious from the reaction of
like P Children's Harry butcher running
around like that what had happened and
they're not gonna do that unless it was
he'd done it damn clever yeah no it's
not in no they wouldn't have been in my
mind to even think about doing that but
you know the different countries
different cultures different backgrounds
over there that was perceived as being
really clever and tricky I mean it's
difficult one isn't it it's you know
South America and their backgrounds what
they've grown up like they fight it any
way they can get to win anyway that's
all that matters to them so I kind of
get it I know a lot of the players that
played in that side with me will never
forgive him and hate the fella for it
I've met him I've talked about it to him
that's fine now it's all part of it and
it's part of the history and it's part
of what made that game what it was that
second goal when he picks it up does the
little pirouette and off he goes that's
of low center of gravity when you're on
the football pitch are you aware that
that's an a World Cup moment I'd say I
see only however in my career that I
thought I ought to applaud I didn't I
just thought my god how could because
she got realizes well we were play they
had massive problems of the pitch so how
he did what he did on that surface and
the turns and the twists especially the
first little bit just don't know he
didn't just fall over but he as you say
you had that low center of gravity knees
I'd Bulldog kind of shape I think it
really wasn't a spawning goal I think it
has to be I think the most the best
individual goal ever because you've got
to add in as well the significance of
the occasion and the ports of the game
so we're out of that tournament but you
can away with the Golden Boot
things were massively different I mean
to get to win the Golden Boot as well
was obviously a dream confirm that that
when he's back 14 to one he's caught
happy with me which was which was good
but I remember watching the gossip on
day with the beep in the studio in
London brought me back and I started
watching the final because Maradona had
five goals all I wanted is not to score
I wouldn't mind sharing it with Diego
but I'd prefer to win it on my own and I
remember in the game you know those
brilliant and he obviously had a hand in
a couple of goals he didn't actually
score that for me I was you know
obviously the only Englishman ever to
ever won it special I mean it's not a
team award but as we know strikers we
you know we live or die by the goals we
score and the big ones so and you would
make a difference in then obviously of
Barcelona move came off of the back a
bit and life was very much different but
the most important thing in terms of me
was it gave me a self belief that I
don't think really I'd ever had before
and I started to believe actually I was
quite good at this game
join us after the break as we take you
behind the scenes of the FIFA World Cup
drawing Moscow stay with us
welcome back to the Stan Collymore Show
let's go to a cold and snowy Moscow to
the biggest event of the year in the
football calendar the FIFA World Cup
draw which Gary Lineker and our very own
Masha come and nayer hosted here's a
sneak peek of what went on behind the
scenes we're a couple of days away from
the FIFA World Cup draw at the Kremlin
just down the road here in Moscow it's
-5 absolutely freezing and as you can
see the Great and the good from
yesteryear are parading that famous old
trophy ahead of the draw got a couple of
those to spare though so I'm going to
take you around my Moscow let's go
and what about this for a landmark the
famous some battles in Moscow you'll
have seen it many many times on
television on saw I'm super excited by
may these freezing off let's get into
that trophy why spring the the Media
Center in the draw all finding
properties over there on where this in
importance you don't know do that
classic thing I've been a proper fan and
refuel there you go my little photo as a
souvenir with the World Cup trophy
we sure of course isn't just woke up
crazy
in winter attentions turned to ice
hockey so I took it again and went
ringside at CSKA let's go
after the popcorn and before at the CSKA
arena it was time for working drugs to
chat to managers and legends on World
Cup draw morning including our good
friends at Iceland manager primer pal
Crimson how will you feel when the name
Iceland gets pulled out in a stage of
billions watching depends on what the
two other names that are bothersome 3 of
course so it could be one Germany Brazil
the big boys pot to England of course
who you baited the European
Championships do you have any
preferences or does it just not matter
at this stage it doesn't matter but well
of course it's a romantic two to play
teams like Brazil European teams and
especially small nations like Iceland
don't get the chance to play big nations
like Argentina or Brazil outside of
Europe so that will be a Roma romantic
input into it so no we're just proud to
be here first and foremost and then it's
exciting where we play and not or not
only who we play delighted that year
here not under ideal circumstances of
course with ang deciding not to continue
with the team as that made Australia's
preparations that are a little bit more
difficult nothing really changed with
the backroom staff will start working on
the opponents on the logistics you know
what cities we're gonna be based in and
all that so work just goes on as normal
and then you know the Federation goes
over the process of the point of the new
coach delighted to be joined by two
legends of the game
Hristo Stoichkov Bulgarian legend and
wkf foot left foot you to God who should
I'm a striker right to play behind you
guys with the a dream oh man I just want
to ask you very briefly about the World
Cup how excited are you both about the
World Cup draw Messi Neymar Ronaldo all
here I'm not like in parade because this
lose the respect for that there is the
players who play soccer or double
prayers for Graham pair I'm like soccer
I'm like the team's this is the truth
who is your favorite to win the World
Cup
listen the 32 teams today today
everybody is the dream as well the
window World Cup though finally is only
one Germany Spain new knowledge Croatia
Mexico
a lot of teams but is the big problem is
the bigger teams mistake Bulgaria Poland
Italy Italy us Hill a Romanian Shayla
Chile a la the team this is super your
team isn't here dev or your team is here
has always been a fantastic generation
of Croatian players and Lucas the World
Cup is the dream of every players every
national team's and all fans around the
world we are so glad we can do to
participate and of course we will go
step by step
don't push us the more semi-final of the
final I'm so happy to be here and I wish
the great one of the best World Cup in
the Commission fight to win the step by
step is the best you put you're both
great individual and team players surely
you must be excited to say one player
that rises above a Maradona in this
world rather than just teams I hope more
rich the rocket each manager get from my
teams can be very surprised with the
good game good games and of course I
hope we just beyond the first round top
on the group thank you good to see you
there was a word beginning with n that
some football fans used to shout our
players like me they don't do it anymore
kick it out is the independent body
tasked with dealing with racism in the
English game I went to sit down with
Troy Townsend to learn more about their
important work were all right with
deemed Orion and I think one of the most
important things that people never had
the confidence to challenge
so if derogatory song was sung it was
just deemed as or they've sung it
there's nothing we can do about it and I
think what kick it out I do and he's now
trying to give people a voice to to
challenge and to to understand what is
acceptable and what is unacceptable now
so we educate players on you know change
your room environment changing room and
that way I've got to bring that word
banter it's a word for abuse if you
extreme yeah exactly and but it's a word
that people can hide behind and that's
players that's administrators that's
fans that's everybody we can hide behind
it by saying it was only a joke it was a
bit of banter can they not take it so
what we're saying now is people don't
have to take it we've got an opportunity
now to really you know challenge for all
to come together so that's what we want
to do we can't do it by ourselves
yes the powers to be have the money and
the finances to possibly wipe this away
straight away but we're gonna have to
work with them and and if we can
influence in any way we surely will do
next year is the World Cup the biggest
celebration in football in Russia what
our English fans like now lots of people
will be watching this around the world
and say your problems killed you have no
racist because you tell the Russians
that they're racist you tell the
Ukrainians they're racist you tell
people to be careful in South Africa and
Brazil you don't have any problems in
England
well that'd be a fair assessment of the
situation in English football stadia
English football culture in 2017 we have
to be totally honest in what we're
saying here we still have problems that
we have to deal with in our game over
here we are doing as much as we can we
have a you know in partnership with the
football supports Federation we have a
we now have developed fans for diversity
which is making a football fan base more
diverse bringing in more community
projects bring aligning them with their
football clubs letting the football
clubs understand that there
and bass is not all of one particular
color and an embracing the fact that you
know fans from different backgrounds
different Creed's different cultures
different colors can add so much value
to what their stadium looks like but I
think we've asked what we're so proud
aren't we we're always very proud you
know we're better than this we're better
than that where whilst not recognizing
that we still have issues let's get our
house in order first before we go
chirping offer all the other nations
that are out there playing football Troy
you're also a father and a coach as well
father too understands and Newcastle
Spurs Crystal Palace in an England
international if he gets called up to
the squad will you go and support him in
Russia with all of the scaremongering
going on it's finally that question has
been asked quite a few times
my original response so I have to be
totally honest here my original response
was born out of ignorance I think was
born out of listening to everything that
you get back in the media circles you
know whatever it is you know don't go to
Russia you'll you know you'll have
problems you'll be targeted I would say
now and people will probably have a go
at me for going but you said a year ago
but I would say now that I would I would
approach it probably in the same manner
that I would approach go and travelling
anywhere to go and watch him play
football and listen I've heard him being
racially abused before at White Hart
Lane so you know if I'm in London I've
heard him being racially abused before
there's no reason for me not to travel
today you know the biggest football in
extravaganza that they can be do you
liaise with other governing bodies anti
racism campaigns what kind of
organizations would be out there for
example in Europe the key detail would
liaise with there's an organization
called fair that kind of deals of all
the European stuff that basically the
same that what we do over here I'm not
sure they do as much in terms of the
educational stuff that we do we're quite
broad with I'd love kick it out to
advance what we do in England and make
it you know right across football
doesn't matter where you're from what
country you're in I want football to be
in a better place globally not just
nationally deal we've got our stuff that
we can deal with but you know if we
could why can't kick it out set up in
France in Italy in in South America
why not you know it it just needs people
to believe that there's issues and
there's problems and they can be dealt
with yes they would have to be dealt
with in different ways but why not
we have the Solomon Tory incident last
season when obviously he got sent off
for basically reporting racial abuse now
we were very much involved with pre FIFA
Pro on that and kind of pushing him to
the kind of things that they should be
doing to support a player because he was
racially bruised from the stands he made
a complaint they got made to feel as if
he was the this part of it was in the
wrong if you're a victim you have to
prove that you're a victim and sometimes
proving you're a victim is the hardest
thing to do having already been
victimized Sulley Muntari obviously felt
that as well and you know he's gone to
the referee obviously the Association or
whoever looks after referees they've
never had to deal with things like that
before so they have nothing Kim place to
go right once the player reports
something to you this is the steps you
should take UEFA they there's a stadium
announcement you know in Champions
League games as a stadium announcement
and if it continues you know basically
the game gets stopped the players come
off the pitch why can that simple simple
process not be replicated right across
the board why does Suleiman Hari have to
have to go through the embarrassment of
being sent off for reporting racism
through pour in something that happened
to him because of the color of his skin
so we have massive massive work to do
and so the setting up of a kick it out
Europe or you know whatever it may be I
think would massively enhance the game
obviously it needs finances but I don't
think football short of money stand here
not at all true or not now at least we
say really appreciate you joining our
pleasure thanks Felicia and let's hope
we see Troy and Andros in Red Square in
Moscow next year celebrating not only
been there but lifting lifted that day
that would be brilliant really thank you
for joining us thank you thanks for
doing this on the Stan Collymore Show
hope you enjoyed it this week we're back
next week where I'll be chatting to the
true king of football the wall and only
Pele
