it's not static apnea put Brita dates
term ministry Australia receives the
state actually no less than interval
circuit Mir appreciable position of
approach monolithic Namaskar satrughna
gesture vronka Mishka so there's no
Abedini bricks Zappos mr. Inoue
practices poison Institute of II
instrumental with your key material
Sahara Cisco is an instruments for the
benefit of the Russian business they
will discuss work plans with brakes for
2018 when the African Union will chair
the organization the meeting will bring
together senior officials from the
Russian Foreign Ministry and other
Russian ministries and agencies as well
as business associations of the Russian
Federation as well as major companies
and banks on the 12th of December the
Russian Foreign Minister will take part
in the opening ceremony of the memorial
plague that eternal eise's the memory of
Andre Carla von Drake olive the
ambassador extraordinary and
plenipotentiary was murdered on the 19th
of December 2016 in Ankara by the
terrorists
his name was taken by Moscow and Ankara
streets school number six four eight and
where he studied as well as the school
under the Russian embassy in Turkey the
his bust was established on the premises
of the Russian embassy in Ankara I would
like to repeat that he is the hero of
the Russian Federation
the ceremony was organized together with
the moscow department of cultural
heritage it will be organized at 10:00
o'clock Petrozavodsk kastri 24 - and we
invite all of you all the journalists to
visit eight the Russian Minister foreign
affairs will meet with African
Union Commissioner for peace and
security mr. Sharkey on the 20th of
December he will be working with it to
Moscow from the 18th to the 21st of
December we want to substantially
discuss the status and prospects of
cooperation between Russia and African
Union in counterterrorism efforts and
the efforts to fight human smuggling
arms trafficking and drug trafficking
we'll pay a special attention to
settlement of conflict situations in
Africa Libya's her Sahel region Great
Lakes region and Horn of Africa we will
also discuss cooperation between Russia
and African states they we will discuss
our cooperation with an African Union
and the United Nations and the UN
Security Council our guesthouse Sunspear
don't obscure Street Sergey Lavrov will
chair the general meeting of the Russian
Federation Commission for UNESCO on the
20th of December this event will bring
together senior officials from the
presidential executive office a central
office of the government of the Russian
Federation members of the Federal
Assembly of the Russian Federation and
meritorious scientists and educators
participants will hear reports from the
members of the Commission heads of their
program and regional committees they
will summarize the work of the year
under review 2016 and they will take
certain steps that will further develop
our cooperation between Russia and
UNESCO Sergei Lavrov will also take part
in the government Commission on
compatriots living abroad participants
are expected to review the work of the
Commission for the year 27th
17 and they will discuss the world
phonetic conference on Russian
competitors living abroad the hundreds
anniversary of the Russian River
unity for the future which was
successfully organized in Moscow the
members of the Commission will review
the work of the interagency Council for
Youth Affairs under the Commission for
the year 2017 they will discuss
challenges facing the Commission in the
year of 2018 with a special focus on
preparations for upcoming presidential
elections in 2018 as well as the sixth
Congress of compatriots living abroad
which instantly scheduled for autumn
2018 we have received many questions
concerning the Blandin and possible
visits by the British Secretary of State
on Foreign and Commonwealth affairs this
visit is scheduled till the end of the
year we have an we have already
announced it the two ministers are going
to discuss the status and two prospects
for cooperation between Russia and Great
Britain with a special focus on
normalization through mutually
respectful and equal dialogue it
shouldn't be burdened with any
artificial conditions during his meeting
was to resume in g20 summit in China in
September 2016 Russian President
Vladimir Putin stated that Russia is
ready to restore relations with Great
Britain as far as our partners are ready
in generally we proceed from that is
it's necessary to defrost to all the
major mechanisms of bilateral
cooperation and all the
interdepartmental ties we plan to have
Asus tential discussion with Boris
Johnson of modalities of such work at
the same time we believe that dialogue
selectively died alike on certain issues
of interest to
of the Foreign Office as public British
public servants say we believe this
dialogue is not enough because it does
not correspond to the capacities of the
Britain Russia cooperation it does not
also meet the needs and does not have
and it doesn't have added value for us
at the same time any dialogue should be
accompanied by real steps that
demonstrate commitment to improve the
lateral ties at the same time such
action should should be tangible and
wibble I will believe that before his
visit or in the course of his
negotiations with Sergey Lavrov they
will take action to improve our
relations that were aggravated on their
initiative if we receive any information
we will provide it to you now let's go
to the international agenda and to the
Russian Federation's approaches to the
international issues who like to start
with our position our situation in Syria
they completed they clean up operation
against the hot weapon of international
terrorism the Russian task force made a
substantial contribution it has been
already mentioned by international
experts and the Russian leadership they
made their contribution and they could
prove they protected the sovereign state
of Syria in accordance with the decree
made by the Russian president on the
11th of December when he visited may
mean within we need to take all the
efforts to prevent terrorist actions and
we need to restore losses in casualties
and in technical equipment at the same
time we would like to
that our president is legitimate and
it's enshrined in the agreements that
Russia and Syria concluded and they
respect all the norms of the
international law that could not be
applied to our partners we believe that
Syria is a part of the international
community and in the fight against
terrorism in Syria all the actions that
go against their Syrian servant it seems
to us that all the statement that Isis
is not to be defeated and to say that
United States is the main actor in the
Syrian government is it's not
appropriate it's not correct there is
another issue where I'm talking about
the unwillingness to recognize that the
Islamic state as at as the political
structure and the military structure was
defeated but we still think that it's
time to restore the Syria Syria needs
international assistance to help them
face the consequences of the
humanitarian catastrophe
the Defense Ministry of the Russian
Federation reported that together with
through in the community of Red Crescent
they concluded the agreement to provide
assistance to five cities of Hama
provinces and homs province at the same
time our servicemen continue to provide
humanitarian assistance to the afflicted
areas of the syrian state at the same
time we are working on the issues to
organize the National Dialogue Congress
that will revitalize the intro Syrian
negotiations and will create the
favorable environment to restore
national dialogue
which is a part of the inter Syrian
negotiations in Geneva brokered by the
Union I think that the Geneva format
should that in the framework of Geneva
agreements should be taken all there are
other agreements in and should all the
actions should be taken with there was
in respect to the UN Security Council
resolution 2254 would like also to
inform you about the human human Aryan
assistance delivery at the moment the UN
Security Council continues his
discussion to extend the extraordinary
regime of humanitarian access it was
organized it was established in 2014 by
the UN Security Council resolution 21 65
in the context of the acute stage of the
armed conflict when the Syrian
government did not control larger areas
and there was no other way to provide
humanitarian assistance to civil
population this resolution authorized
humanitarian relief across the border
crossings between Turkey Jordan Iraq and
Syria without Syrian government
authorization but with a proper
notification at the same time there was
a monitoring mechanism that was
established it should have monitored the
communitarian nature of these relief
consignments however it didn't control
distribution of this assistance on the
syrian ternary quite quite often the
consignments fell into the hands of
armed groups in the context of positive
development in the Syrian situation we
believe that we need to move forward to
phasing out this regime this regime was
established in very extreme
circumstances and it was urgent it was
detrimental and it's still detrimental
to the Syrian sovereignty and
have undesirable president for
international approaches to humanitarian
relief at the same time we believe that
this regime upper versus the Syrian
division which is unacceptable we
believe we are ready to provide all the
assistance and to find best ways to
terminate cross-border a treatment
regime and to provide we need we think
that the assistance should be provided
to all those who need such a season we
need a transparent mechanism that would
person would tell the UN Security
Council who receives this assistance and
the amount of the system that there is
safe such suggestions were made by the
Russian delegation to the UN Security
Council and we believe that similar
extension simple extension of mechanism
without any changes does not meet the
realities of the station in Syria yes
thank you and in the context of the
Syrian situation I would like to tell
you about UNESCO engagement in
rebuilding monuments of world heritage
Russia takes consistent and targeted
action to restore monuments and world
heritage that were devastated by
extremists the landmark event was the
document signed between state Armitage
and UNESCO talking about the Memorandum
of Understanding to protect and
reconstruct cultural values in conflict
zones particularly in Middle East we
welcome the document that was taken on
during the 39th session of the General
Conference strategy for reinforcing
UNESCO section for the protection of
cultural and the promotion of cultural
pluralism in the events of armed
conflict but we believe
that it's time to take reelection and we
call UNESCO to revitalize their
activities and to engage in rebuilding
monuments of world heritage in Palmyra
and Aleppo and now I'll talk about
another topic that was actively
discussed by the entire world and the
Palestine territories the West Bank of
Jordan and West Jerusalem and Gaza Strip
and Arab areas of Israel since the 6th
of December we see now after after the
u.s. President Donald Trump made his
statement and recognized Jerusalem as a
capital of Israel for Palestinians were
killed nearly 1,800 were hurt there are
other protests that are organized in
other Arab states particularly in Egypt
Lebanon Morocco Turkey Indonesia and
Malaysia
musk we are deeply concerned by the
distribution in the region which was
provoked by the United States we believe
that to break the deadlock we can only
receive in Palestinian and Israeli
negotiations to achieve sustained and
long-term settlement on the basis of the
decisions taken by the international
community will also perceive from the
fact that all the parties involved
should should exercise restraint and do
not take action that can provoke
casualties and could harm our cause to
maintain peace and security in the
region we have commented it already and
we promised to provide detailed
information particularly the information
concerning the
suspension of Russian diplomatic
presence in the Republic of Yemen on the
12th of December we suspended our
diplomatic presence in sana all the
diplomats who it quitted the Republic of
Yemen 30 Russian citizens and citizens
of other countries left Yemen because of
the armed conflict this decision was
taken due to the escalation in the
country and in the crisis the Russian
ambassador to Yemen is in Riyadh right
now and it he maintains contacts with
the legitimate government of Yemen in
this regard we would like to reaffirm
our commitment to the to abandon all the
confrontations to exercise restraint to
discuss all the differences and discuss
all the possible solution of the
negotiations at the same time we are
going to use all the possibilities that
we have to achieve this goal severan is
like a sloth or miscarriage now let's
talk about the ministerial meeting on
the international support group for
Lebanon on the 8th of December for Asia
so the ministerial meeting of the
international support group for Lebanon
the Russian Federation was represented
by the Russian ambassador in France
Meshkov the Russian the French president
delivered an opening remarks also the
meeting was visited by the Lebanese
Prime Minister Minister of Foreign
Affairs of France
Under Secretary General as well as
representatives of the Great Britain
Germany Italy China United States the
European Union and Arab League UNH CER
UNDP World Bank and the Office of the
special UN
cognitive Lebanon the Russian ambassador
here affirmed
it's his commitment to provide support
to Lebanon we also paid attention that
Lebanon should become a place where
influential regional international
actors could settle their school such
action is fraught with destabilization
and collapse of Lebanese statehood and
emergence of new conflicts in Middle
East we also paid attention to the
influx of Syrian refugees to Lebanon
they return could improve the station in
Lebanon Russia makes its own
contribution particularly in fighting
terrorism and securing the situation in
Lebanon we reaffirm our commitment to
address all the urgent issues of the
Lebanese agenda by the Lebanese
leadership without external intervention
bearing in mind all the political forces
of the country and all the ethnic and
religious groups of the population and
following the meeting the group
- also made their joints tomato
conversation in Lebanon now I would like
to talk about the action plan around the
Iranian nuclear program
then Vienna has witnessed negotiations
on this matter we discussed the
implementation of plan of action we have
all the participants expressed their
commitment to implement all the
agreements particularly they made a
special focus on the efficiency of all
the agreements and it's necessary to
once again referenda commitments IAEA is
the only structure that is authorized to
monito their compliance with the
agreements at the same time they
discussed the production of easy jobs
and the modernization modernization of
reactor in Iraq and the joint
comprehensive action plan we hope to
increase our cooperation with Iran to
use nuclear power for peaceful purposes
we made special focus on international
seminar that were always organized in
October it marked the 25th anniversary
of the Iran Russia cooperation in
nuclear power for peaceful purposes we
made a special focus on the view on the
future of the comprehensive joint action
plan especially bearing in mind
statements made by the US President
Donald Trump members of the Commission
confirmed that action plan is based on
the mutual principle that will help us
to increase our cooperation with Iran
Russian representatives emphasized that
non-compliance with these principles by
any party will have a threat to the
future of this plan that is enshrined in
the UN Security Council resolution 2231
that is necessary to implement next
region but unfortunately which is either
unstable and I would like to talk about
the development of the situation on the
Korean Peninsula we are following the
situation carefully
and the situation is getting even worse
after the launch of ballistic missile on
29 November
unfortunately we underline that the u.s.
is following its
previous biased policy to increase
military activity in northeastern Asia
especially after for 8 December when the
largest in history joint military
exercise of air forces between the USA
and the Republic of Korea took place and
the three party naval exercises with
Japanese Defense Forces to place the
situation even got worse it this all
does not really not only provokes
escalation of the crisis but really
deteriorated even further we urge all
parties involved especially the United
States of America and the Korean Party
to restrain from any steps that could
provoke further escalations and
immediately start the political and
diplomatic solution to resolve all the
problems on the Korean Peninsula and we
get to another region we now turn to
Ukraine the situation is far from being
stable I would like to comment on
another report of the image UN mission
on human rights
the observers made a report this is the
Twenties mission for the period from 16
August until 15 November we consider the
information from our UN colleagues on
the diminishing of the of the number of
victims among civilians in Ukraine
nevertheless the statistics of losses 15
killed and 72 injured is shocking and it
cannot be justified and it must be
stopped we are especially concerned with
the fact that on the backdrop of the
permanent and continuous fighting from
heavy machinery the ramp a lot of
victims well there were a lot of dead
people among civilians
and we urge the parties of the conflict
to comply with the agreements of
ceasefire and with Minsk Accords which
foresees the withdrawal of heavy
artillery from the contact line and we
hope that the Minsk Accords on creation
of security areas around the water
supply stations will be complied
we urge Kiev to observe this requirement
access to water is essential otherwise
it will cause a humanitarian disaster we
would like to remind episode is that
civil infrastructure breakages is the
violations of their obligations we are
concerned with the fact that Kiev
doesn't want to investigate the effects
of human rights violations that were
committed by ASBO and in accordance with
UN missions they became systematic it is
about the forced disappearances and
killings torture sexual violence and use
of anti-terrorist legislation to get rid
of political opposition and those who
have different position from keebz we
note the pressure from the judges which
provokes further impunity in the country
and in fact at this backdrop were noting
lack of any progress in investigations
of the events on give my on Maidan in
Odessa in May and other events this
discriminatory policy of Ukraine also
have been identified and registered by
the UN observers there is no procedures
for reimbursement of their losses due to
the activities and Fighting's from the
Ukrainian forces and the introduction of
restrictions for those people who are
living in the contact line and it not
only provokes the hard conditions for
our people living in this area but also
diminishes the chances to reconcile the
population in Ukraine we also noticed a
another wave of intolerances in Ukraine
especially from political establishment
it is about the violations of the right
of expression and the attacks on the
journalists and their deportation from
the country the UN stated that such
violations are not being investigated
we urge to consider the evaluations of
the UN observers about the violations of
the rights of minorities and the
discriminatory character of the
legislation of the Ukraine but the UN
refers to the issue of Cyprus and as for
the Russian language we must take that
here it is about the rights of hundreds
of people living there but somehow it is
not considered in many countries this
aspect Sebastopol is the territory of
the Russian Federation and another
attempt to include this in the report on
the Ukraine is illegitimate I would like
to remind
we published today in the morning our
assessment on the valleys Commission on
the law on education that was recently
adopted in Ukraine I would like to
comment on it we received a lot of
questions on this December 11 European
Commission of the for democracy through
law published the conclusion on this
controversial law on education that was
heavily criticized by a number of
countries by the authorities the experts
of Venice Commission stress that this
law does not contain the solutions for
languages that are not official EU
languages in particular Russian as the
language which is widely used in Ukraine
and which is a non-state language it is
stress that it is hard to explain less
favorable treatment to those languages
that is why raises the question of their
discrimination and of quote and here we
come to the conclusion that the most
appropriate solution would be to make
some changes to article 7 and to change
some provisions with another quote more
balanced and clear
we support the evaluations of the Venice
Commission the practical realization of
the mentioned legislation of the
mentioned law would show blatant
discrimination of millions of Russian
speakers russian-speaking Ukrainians we
would like to note that this requirement
does not go beyond what is required from
Kiev
and I would like to say that even these
quotes that I announced critical and the
call to actions it is necessary to make
the decisions that would provide equal
rights for all languages for all
citizens in Ukraine we hope that the
Council of Europe will continue to
monitor the situation together with a
vanished Commission and we call on the
EU authorities who promise to insist on
Kiev to strongly comply with them it is
necessary to ensure the rights of the
minorities to get education on their
mother tongues we received a lot of
questions in particular from the
European media asking to comment on an
issue of the Finland's 100th anniversary
was a very interesting Russia took part
in all the events the representatives
from Russia we published materials on
this issue and now I would like to sum
up a little bit
on December 6 Finland celebrated its
independence 100th in dependence and
that the motor work together there were
around 5,000 various events to
strengthen the cohesion of the Finnish
nation and those who respected national
history Russia took part in the
celebration of this anniversary the key
event was the presidential visit the
visit of President Putin to Finland he
visited Simone Lena on July 27 and
Edmund tation of the president in
Finland 20 to 24 May in Turku under the
patronage of the Russia and Finland took
part gives Russian finish
Twin Cities well.there participated
around 300 delegates from both countries
Russia and Finland have around 100 to
130 twin cities among them Moscow van
helsing games and Petersburg and Turku
21 23 September and San Petersburg to
place 18th Russian Finnish Cultural
Forum that was opened by the president
by the heads of governments of Russia
and Finland and then the tours of the
leading troops of Russia at the Bolshoi
Theatre saman visited the city of salmon
Lena the orchestra of mariinsky theatre
and then the Moscow Circus visited the
city of Helsinki and the national
academic orchestra visited also Helsinki
the archive of Russia and Finland was
also the work that must be noted 1920
December in Moscow there was organized a
scientific conference in the framework
of this conference and exhibition of
historical documents from Russia and
Finland images of revolution
independence war and peace from 1917 to
1920 will be represented and the
collection of documents from the period
1917 1920 and the work on the joint
collection of documents for the period
1899 1920s underway I would like to
repeat that this material was announced
because of the numerous proposals and
questions from a lot of media European
medium 67 December in Great Britain to
part another important event Moscow
exchange devoted to the investments of
to Russia around 400 representatives of
the
investment funds and banks participated
in the event the key event of the forum
was the statement of the deputy
president of the government of the
Russian Federation mr. for coverage
about the diversification of the GDP of
our country in the context of great
effectiveness of our national companies
and macroeconomic politics of Russia
greater attention was paid to the
presentation of Moscow Exchange
including the context of the
possibilities given by this platform to
foreign clients the statements of the
Corporations biggest corporations of
Russia the success of this event gave an
impetus about the and showed the
openness of Russia to food development
of the relationships and financial
cooperation with the well with the West
we believe that this is an important
event to establish good cooperation
between business structures and it is
important to show the transparency and
the quality of corporate management the
greater investments and we believe that
our partners will understand it in the
right way when taking decisions with
respect to the Russian Federation on
December 10 in Centauri hold the
orchestra of Mariinsky theater under
your gifts directions and the piano
player Matsu if completed the Russian
seasons in Japan this is an annual
festival of cultural meta and they were
around three million visitors on these
events the event took place in 42 cities
of the country and from 1 to 1 , point 5
million people participated
in this event it represented our culture
and multiplication know the rock music
and our cuisine that have a lot of fans
among Japanese people and we are glad
for to have this cooperation we hope
that this format of copulation will
continue to exist Russia is always open
to such contacts and we have some things
to show to the foreign public as for the
sport to attract attention from the
foreign publics and responding the
requests from many people I would like
to mention that the real resume program
fan ID centers Russian house of fans
2018 so cold that is placed on the
platforms abroad the task is to provide
to the visitors the necessary
information about the event the World
Cup 2018 and to help them when they plan
their trips and visit the the place they
also will get an opportunity to meet
with the coaches with the players and to
talk to the communities of Russian fans
a week ago in Russian center of culture
in Berlin was an opening ceremony of the
first in Europe a Russian ideal center
it has the information on how to
get personified ID card fan ID and it is
necessary to visit the matches of the
World Cup and to move between the cities
even now the fans from Germany sent
their applications for around 300,000
tickets in the framework of the ceremony
of the opening it is the organizers
represented their programs to receive
fans it is planned to have this ID
Sanders in more than 30 countries of the
world in Europe in the US in Asia and in
the Middle East the ID centres will work
permanently until the ends of the world
cap will provide additional information
on this issue if you have questions
please send them to us and we will
urgently respond and the last section
related to the information problematics
the problematics of the fake news in
various forms I would like to start with
very interesting situation interesting
from the point of view of their
representation in the media but the
story itself is worth welcoming and you
are going to understand what I mean
quite recently in the media we noticed
the ambulation about the ambulance in
Stockholm
we hope that it was just a coincidence
it was not an intention
someone the distribution not for
information and there are speculations
on this issue
starting from unison the ideas of
possible filming in the area and until
ridiculous fantasies about another
meddling of Russia in the internal
affairs of Sweden in fact the ambulance
from st. Petersburg was in Sweden due to
the case of hospital Jai's
hospitalization an insurance issue from
the city of Arab route to st. Petersburg
and our medical workers gave first aid
to the person who needed and I can say
that such actions of our medical
personnel well very welcomed warmly
welcomed in Sweden and we thank our
embassy for this with this and another
interesting topic in this area
concerning the media issue I'm talking
about the book titled the bear is
looming on russophobia template thinking
and military failures this book was
quite interesting for that for us
because it goes against the anti-russian
biased narrative that's launched against
our country it's author urines and try
to analyze roots and causes of the
resisting russophobic hysteria in sweden
he tried to do that throughout Sweden's
history he examined all the anti-russian
campaigns launched in local media and he
studies the period from the Cold War to
the present day
well it's not his first work for example
last year he willed the Swedish media
true Factory that I was responsible for
constant immunization of Russia but now
mr. garrison submits more serious
investigation he starts his historic
analysis from the forties of the
previous centuries he believes that the
behind-the-scenes russophobic triangle
started to take its shape at that period
it includes armed forces influential
industrial entities as well as biased
experts and journalists he believes that
brainwashing process follows
well-established pattern first
serviceman or responsible citizens throw
in ambiguous news items with explicit in
Russian message particularly such news
items could be about mysterious events
clearly suggesting that there is a
national origin well
well remember there maniac obsession to
find Russian submarines ensue in Sweden
such unexplainable but true histories
existed in the Soviet period you maybe
remember the briefings made in the
Soviet period and so that official
representatives
commented that situation and that those
new items used were used quite often he
was to for example like mysterious
flashes in the sky strange noises under
water infrastructure disruption after
such news appear will become viral in
media and in their platforms for public
and political debates it's obvious that
people cannot but feel concern
over the insidious an aggressive eastern
neighbor the cherished objective now is
reached the army has managed to widowed
money out of the government and wreak
stack bearing in mind the support of the
local population and all the attention
as a rule after that they just silenced
or even classify the outcomes of
investigation of this mysterious
incidence it's all true
because when certain Marines appear they
provide a detailed description but at
the same time they don't provide with
any results of the investigation of this
incidence the author concludes that
today's anti-russian narrative as a
result of a long-term targeted and
gradual campaign against Russia that
Perseus not even ideological or
political purposes but mostly trivial or
vested interests of certain parties
unfortunately such propaganda model has
become a crucial part of the Sweden
national strategy we regret that Swedish
pretendin commitments to all the
liberties and the rule of law that their
commitments conceal their attempts to
manipulate public opinion and now I
would like to conclude my remarks I and
talk about certain events but
particularly I would like to comment
remarks of the US Secretary of State
they were some of them first this was a
statement about the idea that Russia in
the United States disgust took their
commitment not to intervene in their
domestic affair
so I'll tell you the real story amidst
this major hysteria that we see in the
United States among about the Russian
role in the presidential elections in
July Russia offered the United States to
exchange letters with relevant
commitments and the level of foreign
ministers we didn't introduce something
new there is nothing in or whatever in
this it's not a novelty this principle
was enshrined in the resumption of
diplomatic relations on the 16th of
Naamah November at 1933 and it's what
the United States who offered that in
1933 the Russian committee
representative Maxim Litvinov and his
President Franklin Roosevelt exchanged
their diplomatic notes where they
confirmed the right of each country to
organize their life within the framework
of their borders as it was said in one
famous Soviet film it's a document by
the way now the they refused to take
this document well that's the the
statement that was made by US Secretary
of State it confirms that their campaign
to accuse Russia of its intervention to
presidential elections is fake they
confirmed that Russia wasn't a threat to
the Russian scissors to the American
system and they have never felt that
Russia was a threat to them they also
mentioned that they don't want to make
commitments in this area why maybe they
believe that they have a right to
intervene in domestic affairs of other
countries so we have seen it in the
example so of Yugoslavia Iraq
can we bear who were destroyed by the
International Coalition but I think that
for the United States to bomb women and
children is it's okay to achieve
democracy in this country so just the US
state of Department didn't find any
evidence of the Russian information so
she wanted to make some claims you found
it claims against Russia so after that
she made some accusations
the second section was about the Russian
small range missiles and medium-range
missiles we have provided detailed
explanations on this matter we published
material sergey lavrov told about it our
experts provided their assessments the
Vice foreign minister told about it mr.
Eko mr. Acuff told about it as for any
accusations the United States they don't
have any evidence because they don't
have they could not provide them they
don't have them but at the same time
they ignore the Russian concerns because
themselves they don't comply with Erekat
amendments as for the device aloof the
American military base they established
the the missiles that could reach other
countries at the same time they are
going to establish such bases in Poland
but this goes against the agreement on
small range and medium-range missiles
now another section yesterday they had a
lot of accusations against us and the US
Secretary of State told about the crisis
in Ukraine and the fact that Russia does
not respect military agreements
maybe it's new for you but
commitments Minsk agreements commitments
are taken by Donbass and Kiev however
Kiev disregards all the commitments for
a long period of time bearing in mind
that crisis in Kiev has become a
consensus of coup d'etat which what was
provoked by the United States but what
bearing in mind what the State
Department is employees did in 2014
present State Department employees don't
know about it so I would like to
remember to remind you about it and
another series of accusations were about
media restrictions of on Russian media
we have we are not surprised by this
situation but we think that it's too
much right now this mechanical piano
it's not only destroyed but it's
disrupted and it soon will break down in
this situation you shouldn't be near
that piano because you will hurt now
let's look at the accusations that were
expressed by the State Department
particularly no I need to say that they
were talking about Russian media as well
as they said that they're concerned the
suspicion of any agreements that was
concluded with Russia she's deeply
concerned by it and how about the
agreement between the US and Russian
that resulted in the joint statements on
Syria that was made on the margins of
the pact summit are you concerned by
these commitments but at that time month
ago the US State Department made that
this joint statement is based on long
discussions between the United States
and Russia they are based on
professional negotiations and to
fruitful negotiations at that time the
State Department said that such turns
mate Minh confirms the possibility of
cooperation between US and Russia
besides all the difference what's going
on there are they ignoring each other
don't they listen what they're saying
this is the position of the State
Department next the State Department
told about Russian media in the United
States and said that decision wasn't
taken by US authorities it was taken by
journalists committee we don't
understand that
could you please more specific about it
previously it was said that all their
decisions against Russia today were
taken in line with the American law but
we don't understand that because you
have certain discrepancies and it's
quite interesting that use Department
called Russian authorities and here pay
attention please
the u.s. department hold - to ensure the
work of foreign journalists as in the
United States I have a question for you
did you think well just imagine that we
will organize the work of Journal
foreign journalists in the same fashion
as you are
nice it for Russian journalists in the
United States do you take into account
what do you want because this wishes can
come into reality I would like to see it
that American media can attend briefings
of the foreign ministry and other agency
without any restrictions well there is
an exception for Russian parliament they
can take interviews from Russian
politicians can you please give me an
example when the Secretary of State
could give an interview to Russia today
or Sputnik our ministry gives interviews
to American journalists and answers
their questions we all know it and you
have already mentioned that you don't
give Russian TV channels in Russian
media interview for many reasons and now
I have a question do you really want a
parity in our treatment towards foreign
journalists so you want us to treat
foreign journalists in the same way as
you treat foreign journalists in your
country please answer this question at
least to yourself yeah thank you and now
I'm ready to answer your question yes
please camera
hello mr. Herrara my name is ed virtuous
knock-off komsomolskaya pravda i would
like to talk about the statements made
by our American partners yesterday
Donald Trump in his statement in Florida
said that United States won't two world
wars
what's the ministry's reaction on that
well as I have already said these
statements are illogical they are ill
found
and they are not the same they're always
changed because the statements of the US
presidents and this is the state of
Department they they are always changed
they are not the same here there is one
question they are doing it
fold due to their political activity
they want to draw attention from the
American electors or it's their official
position for us it's difficult to
understand do you have any other
questions yes please Heath Information
Agency Kuwait mizuhara WA I would like
to ask the question has Russia played in
trying to find a compromise between
Pyongyang and Washington bearing in mind
the u.s. statement made by Rex Tillerson
they said do you believe that their
commitment will be an obstacle to the
resumption of negotiations on North
Korea well I think that that's the
question for the United States they
should explain why they made such a
statements it's their responsibility to
comment the Association as for us we
tried to simulate all the parties
engaged in the conflict not only the
United States and the DPRK but all the
parties engaged in the process to
revitalize the political and diplomatic
solution to this issue particularly in
the course
of our negotiations we try to do our
best and we were we engaged our
embassies in the state that I have
already mentioned and our MPs made their
statements so to repeat we did our best
to achieve the first scenario we did our
best to ensure political process and as
for the u.s. position you need to ask
this question to them hello mr. Herrera
hello
made media most on the 10th of December
we marked one hundred and fortieth
anniversary of the Bulgarian liberation
from the Arab invasion Ottoman invasion
and I would like to pay attention to the
words of the president that if not
Russia's support we wouldn't be Bulgaria
today I would like to show you photo you
see that this our Bulgarian children
there these are the children living in
Bulgaria and they were sitting near this
memorial for two hours that this was
this photo was was spread in social
media 2,000 times I would like to call
the entire world and the city I would
like to say that these children deserve
to visit Bulgaria for free and maybe
certain Bulgarian businessmen could
invite to Russian children who
was who were who waiting for two hours
and several days ago with Deutsche Welle
journalists we visited each ask we would
like to express our gratitude to you we
so the factory where Kalashnikov rifles
were made but we haven't seen the
factory where beautiful Russian women
are made I would like to say I would
like to give you a secret
beautiful Russian women are not made in
the factory the method is different
there I would like to think the juice
Federation you know that Bulgaria saved
fifty thousand Jews
I'm tired of my dog's life I'm so tired
of working here well let's not be racist
here and now I don't want to do this for
free what I can do and receive money why
are you having an Israeli flag I would
like also to say yes I understood you
since you don't have any questions for
me we'll go to another journalists
vestnik of Kafka's what activities of
the Russian Federation on the
international arena will be taken in
accordance with the events of
recognition by the u.s. of Jerusalem I
have just announced this issue and the
session in Security Council has just
finished we're paying attention
the growth of tension and we are
concerned with the actions taken by the
Washington by Washington
they are destabilizing the situation
this issue is in under our careful
attention we express our position on
this the necessity to comply was all the
legal bases accumulated on settling the
Middle East situation and the
settlements on the Middle East you can
check all our assessments and
evaluations in our media resources
because we are publishing all the
information yes please in for my agency
yesterday the Turkish Foreign Minister
said that he gave the list of Kurdish
groups to the Russian Federation that
would like to participate in the Syrian
national dialog could you comment on it
and how the list is being agreed I do
not have the particular information and
I cannot distrust the information given
by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of
Turkey
the preparations are ongoing in a very
energetic mode the list of participants
is also being elaborated I can confirm
that the process of preparation is
actively ongoing do you have any other
questions
if not then goodbye thank you very much
including for your performances you can
let me finish
I wanted your performances if you use
our hospitality here and to be correct
without any rudeness towards any other
countries so take it in mind thank you
very much
