locals living in a district of Paris
have written an open letter to president
macron demanding a makeshift migrant
camp be cleared from their area they're
threatening to go on hunger strike if
the situation's not dealt with to solve
this problem we'll need to end the
system of temporary camps for silent
seekers it is ruining our district and
destroying the image of the right to
asylum it should be transformed into a
decent system to help people return to
their countries normally this is not
happening by the end of this year a
group of us will go on a hunger strike
for migrants have been descending on the
10th districts of Paris where an asylum
Center is located they've been hanging
around on the streets while they wait
for their applications to be processed
but with the procedure proving lengthy a
tent camp soon sprang up began to
support well we gauged the opinion of
the migrants volunteer aid workers and
local governments don't help you because
look look at me since more than 45 days
I'm here but they don't help us
sometimes you don't I don't have a food
eats and sometimes I don't have blankets
they come at 8 o'clock and they wake up
you without any reason and if you don't
wake up they will use spray we come here
every week summer and winter to bring
food and medicine to the homeless and
with the influx of migrants there are
more of them now the government is doing
nothing all of us here are volunteers
receive nothing from the government we
had to build this fence to protect our
communal car park from all those people
urinating this obviously cost money it
was the only solution we could come up
with but it's not sufficient well over
the past two years Paris has seen a
number of makeshift migrant camps take
root before being demolished in a number
of cases migrants put up resistance when
the authorities moved in to clear them
out resulting in violent clashes well
president macros office has responded to
the open letter saying authorities are
aware of the difficult situation in the
district but it's up to the interior
ministry to find a solution political
analyst Nicola Maravich says the
government's not learning from past
mistakes
200,000 migrants coming into France each
year so Frances telling them to come
over and once they arrive in France well
there's no strategy to greet them to
integrate them to church to shelter them
and what happens is they used to be a
couple months ago on the beaches of
Calais now the this summer there are the
beaches of Normandy and now they're on
the streets of Paris in this specific
situation in the 10th are only small
local residents are said that over
40,000 migrants have been sleeping in
makeshift facilities urinating on the
streets creating havoc and of course
from that stems crime and the local
residents are very unhappy and at the
same time the French authorities aren't
doing anything and they're just letting
the situation continue as they did
before in Calais so this is a
never-ending very bad story
