hi there unnie I mean police now
confirmed they're treating this as an
attempted terror attack
so was it New Yorkers that were lucky
that this attempt was a botched attempt
it sounds like they may well have been
yes they've been a few botched attempts
in New York as well which might be all
credit to the American intelligence
agencies who knows but yes there have
been warnings over the last few days
there's a report only yesterday that the
heads of the intelligence agencies from
the five eyes countries which is America
Canada the UK New Zealand on Australia
had had a meeting in Australia recently
to discuss the increased threat of
jihadi terrorism in the run-up to the
Christmas period across you across
Europe and also across America so
there's probably a high likelihood they
will see more attempts like this
in the run-up to Christmas across all
our countries well I mean we saw an
attack on New York not so long ago could
it be that New York is becoming a
particular target which is something
that seems to be suggested by the NYPD I
think there's a high likelihood yes
America is deemed to be the Great Satan
across much of the Middle East in terms
of its interventionist policies its wars
that it's conducted over the last
decades so yes there's always going to
be the possibility of pushback there's
no doubt about it the other issue that
might be particularly inflammatory right
at this moment is the fact that
President Trump declared that Jerusalem
was the capital of Israel and this is a
unilateral declaration it cuts through
decades of diplomatic attempts to
resolve the Palestine Israel crisis and
move towards peace and it was such a key
issue around that so I think yes we have
seen days of Rage already in the Middle
East around this subject and it might
well indeed put Americans at greater
risk not only in their home town in
their home country but also across the
world well also I mean honey there could
be more in the timing of this as well in
the fact that not only is it President
Trump has said that he recognizes
Jerusalem as Israel's capital but it's
also coming at a time as well where
Russia is withdrawing their troops from
Syria they've said that that that Isis
has been defeated across across that
area is the
something else in other aspects of
timing as well I think absolutely I mean
that was another point I was going to to
reach towards is the fact that Iraq has
now said that Isis has been defeated
within its own country obviously the
operation against Isis and Syria has
been very successful for which Russia
has made a significant contribution and
America is also trying to claim some
credit despite the fact they were
funding a lot of these groups to begin
with but yes so we we also know that one
of the propaganda tools Isis uses over
social media has been pushing towards
greater jihadi activism jihadi actions
across western cities because these
people they've lost their their
so-called Caliphate area and they are
now displacing back to their home
countries so this is indeed a greater
threat and this is indeed why the heads
of the intelligence agencies from the
five eyes countries met recently to
discuss this particular threat and
ironic to Christmas also Annie what
we've been hearing as well if you look
from from the British news in the fact
that they're saying that they have
managed to thwart several terror attacks
quite a few terror attacks I mean is it
ever possible to prevent attacks like
these when they attack a transport hub
it is more likely if you're doing proper
and very good intelligence work to stop
an explosion because often there are
more than one actors in the plot so
there might be chatter if you have human
agents out there on the streets who can
report back on people plotting to do
something you have a greater chance of
trying to stop those sort of attacks
what is more difficult to try and stop
at the lone wolf attacks where someone
just takes a machete and knife or
whatever where there's no pre-planning
there's no particular pattern of
activity there's no reporting from the
community that someone might be becoming
more dangerous and that's much more
difficult to to stop so that's what we
saw in the UK particularly earlier this
year I mean there are four big attacks
there was a inquiry into it conducted by
her an eminent lawyer Anderson and he
said there were mistakes made there were
bits of information that slipped down
the cracks
in the whole investigation and perhaps
some of these attacks particularly the
Manchester bombing could have been
prevented with better intelligence work
so one hopes that lessons have been
learned there and finally Annie I mean
is it a case of this is a particular
point of issue during Christmas I mean
looking at some of the attacks that
we've seen so over in the past as well
looking at the Christmas markets is it a
case of it's Christmas or is it a case
of it's because it's a festive time and
more people are around and also people
are more fearful because of that yeah I
think it's bit of both I mean obviously
you know Christmas is is symbolic for
for Christians so that might be a an
attractive target to go an attack but
yes it's just the fact that more people
are on the streets more people are
gathered in predictable places and in
the West that makes it very easy
therefore even for a lone wolf lone
planner to conduct something it might be
very high-profile and very messy and
very aggressive so I think there are
these issues and I think that's
particularly why the heads of the five
eyes intelligence agencies came together
recently to discuss precisely what they
can try and do and I know that you know
across Europe there are bollards and
protective measures going up around the
streets around these Christmas markets
to try and make people feel a bit safer
so I think they're doing what they can
let's hope that they are former UK
intelligence officer animation thank you
very much indeed for your thoughts
thank you
