the past 24 hours have seen a fresh wave
of violent protests against Donald
Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem
as Israel's capital and move the US
Embassy there in Tunisia protesters
demanded the resignation of the American
ambassador in Sudan crowds rallied
against Trump outside a United Nations
office but the most violent
demonstrations were seen in Beirut where
protesters attempted to storm the US
Embassy
police fired tear gas and charge at the
same time in an attempt to actually
capture a few palestinian youths which
they did and we filmed them dragging
them away into police vehicles that was
a violent ugly scene so all of this
because of Donald Trump's announcement
to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's
capital in what has been considered
right across the Arab world as a
dangerous reckless and completely
ill-conceived move a pro-palestinian
rally also took place in Paris just
before the Israeli prime minister
arrived in France Benjamin Netanyahu was
on his first trip to Europe after
America's recognition of Jerusalem as
Israel's capital and so far top European
politicians have been making it clear
they do not welcome the decision she
expressed to Prime Minister Netanyahu my
disappointment of the u.s. presidents
declaration and explained that France
sees it is contrary to international law
and is dangerous to peace I think the
sooner the Palestinians come to grips
with this reality the sooner will move
towards peace the only realistic
solution to the conflicts between Israel
and Palestine is based on two states
with Jerusalem as the capital of both
the State of Israel and the state of
Palestine along the 67 line I believe
that all or most of the European
countries will move their embassies to
Jerusalem recognized Jerusalem as
Israel's capital meantime Britain's
Prime Minister condemned Trump's
decision as unhelpful adding she
disagrees with the move while Germany's
foreign minister expressed fears the
move could worsen the israel-palestine
conflict where we put the whole divisive
issue up for debate people can open the
Bible and to count how many times
Jerusalem is mentioned there they will
find out also that Jerusalem is not
mentioned even one time in the Quran not
even one time people will find out that
Jerusalem is
the capital of Israel since 1948 the
whole world is condemning this action
because simply it's against the
international law it's against the
framework for the peace process
it has forfeited and the United States
forfeited its position as a broker to
the peace process and I tell you
something the Israelis have killed for
Palestinians in the past two days in
peaceful protests while no Israeli was
killed there was an injury in an attack
in and West Jerusalem everything is a
lie first everything my opponent says is
a lie there were three terrorists killed
in Gaza Strip which has nothing to do
with the protests here because Gaza
Strip they fired rockets and they they
forget about it they just forget that
they fire rockets at Israeli
kindergarten when people who are
followers of Haj Amin al-husseini
Hitler's collaborator during Second
World War
those who created Fatah before 1967 to
destroy Israel
when this resist the same personalities
come and he teaches morality listen come
on it cannot be defending themselves why
they are illegally on somebody else's
land that is unacceptable what they done
what they do what have been doing since
1967 is an aggression and with your
other guests they never bid you land in
history those lands were born in Russia
Donald Trump kept his promises and he is
trying to do his best
we are grateful but the issues not
Donald Trump the issue is these people
go around to murder innocent Europeans
Russians Americans and we are here in
the Middle East the only democracy the
only the only really light in this very
dark environment Trump's decision hasn't
won much support at the UN either the
Security Council condemned the decision
by 14 members to one only the US
defended itself well the body's
secretary
suggested it poses a threat to the
entire Mideast peace process I think
that the decision that was taken
Wednesday
risks to compromise this effort and if
that is the case it would be a pity Arab
countries meantime also condemning the
move while some called for the decision
to be reversed Lebanon even suggested
that actually sanctions should be
imposed on Washington egypt's foreign
affairs minister some a sugary outlined
to our sister channel RT Arabic his
country's view of this situation
unfortunately although we have indicated
on several occasions the dangers related
to such a decision and the possible
ramifications the decision was taken and
we do still believe that it does not
conform to international legitimacy to
the resolutions of the United Nations in
addition to what we have seen in the
degree of violence that had has been
instigated by this decision
I think Egyptian position has been clear
and that it deplores this this decision
and feels that it has not contributed
positively to the opportunities to
achieve peace in the israeli-palestinian
situation
