finally this hour here on the program
there are times when you can't help but
be inspired this is the story of a
Russian man whose experience of
paralyzing injuries after a paragliding
crash didn't see him give up but rather
led to a life of helping others find
their way through similar traumas he
used to fly along the coast then I have
bought a motor for that para plan but
unfortunately because was thought would
prepare it for the flight after accident
I broke my neck on very high level C for
thirteen years ago that accident changed
Romans life for Rafa the former military
pilot turned businessman was left
paralyzed with a whole new world of
difficulties usual wheelchair is not
suitable for me because only my my head
is working hands are not working and the
legs are not working together with my
friend buddies we make wheelchair which
is suitable for me which is self balance
in a wheelchair if you go down stairs or
just down the hill the seat
automatically keep the horizontal
position for Roman the success of his
business comes second to giving
opportunities to people with
disabilities and he is not the only one
to share that view in his native
Kaliningrad company kangaroo Pro builds
specialist equipment for people with
disabilities to be used in sports parks
once I received the comment on my
Instagram accounts from Alexander
vorobyev where he wrote you builds
facilities for healthy people why don't
you think about creating something
similar for disabled people so together
with Alexander and using his experience
as he was a coach for the Russian
Athletic Paralympic team we worked out
the whole series of sporting facilities
especially dedicated to disabled people
the company now distributes to over 30
countries while in Russia it's targeting
small cities were access to a healthy
lifestyle is not always easy
at the moment sport is becoming more and
more available to disabled people and
it's a good thing it's a sport for us
because it can happen to anyone it's
important that people and the society
will support disabled people and accept
them and make life around them more
comfortable my journal question of RIT
Kaliningrad
