bitcoin has begun trading on the Chicago
futures exchange with many seeing it as
a major step to legitimizing the
cryptocurrency this month
Bitcoin topped a record 19 thousand
dollars a shocking advance considering
it was worth barely a hundred bucks just
four years ago however other crypto
currencies and there are over a thousand
of them well they're not faring quite so
well
the problem I think with Bitcoin is that
as a distributed ledger there are so
many copies and summative communication
needed that the speed of transactions
has to be incredibly slow but the
blockchain technology could be used by
trusted third party like the central
bank to produce digital money which
could be then given to everybody in the
country so that whereas at the moment
central banks are only interact react
with other banks that the banking system
has some non-bank financial institutions
suddenly central banks could interact
with us directly and that to me would be
a means by which we could use digital
currencies to cancel the excessive level
of credit created money which has been
caused in the last set of private debt
bubbles so that's to me the probably the
major innovation central banks taking on
blockchain technology producing digital
currency and they're giving us all a
bank account at the central bank which
could be used as a way of bringing about
the people's quantitative easing
