Islamic states defeat has also been
declared in neighboring Iraq with a
military parade held in celebration in
the capital I would like to announce
that our armed forces have finally
cleared the Nanoha and Al Anbar
provinces and have full control of the
Iraqi Syrian border in this case the
Pentagon welcomed the announcement
saying it will continue to support Iraqi
forces to ensure isil's defeat and the
State Department spokesperson made it
clear the US has no plans to leave Iraq
claiming the fight against terror there
isn't yet finished the United States
joins the government of Iraq in
stressing that Iraq's liberation does
not mean the fight against terrorism and
even against Isis in Iraq is over the
United States along with a global
coalition to defeat Isis will continue
to partner with the Iraqi security
forces advising training and equipping
them journalist Nicholas Davies told us
Washington will try to find other ways
to further ensure as presence in Iraq
now that the terrorists have actually
been defeated if the Iraqi government
believes that it has essentially got the
resistance to its control of the country
in hand then it will probably once again
be wanting the Americans to leave so
then it becomes a matter of whether the
Americans can actually find
justifications to maintain some kind of
presence they always have maintained
some presence Special Operations Forces
working with the Kurdish Peshmerga in
Iraqi Kurdistan of course now there's a
certain level of conflict now between
the Iraqi government and the the
government of Iraqi Kurdistan and so
that may in some way be used as the u.s.
by the US as a justification for keeping
at least Special Operations Forces in in
northern Iraq
