previously on the great American
pilgrimage and this is just a normal
he's a big additional to me so when she
say are immigrants well I am in a
meeting
and they give to do a flag when I was
young I start the food fight
where do we go from there 99 bottles of
beer on the wall hey everybody I'm
Stephen Baldwin gosh I look fantastic
Hollywood guy usual suspects my favorite
movie proud American first of all I'm
just as George Washington Shaw and RV
enthusiast Uncle Stevie B's this is my
buddy max famous financial guru and well
he's a little bit different I'm honest
oh my god no windows last but not least
my larger-than-life convenient an
aspiring star Rio with all the drama
happening in our great country I'm
hitting the road to have some fun
meet everyday Americans see a nice
frosty bud on here George :
frosty bud
ballin what's America do you our
ancestors suffered the most and see how
things got so crazy I was naked
completely naked he bit my finger
hopefully start to bridge the gap this
is the great American pilgrimage
it's day two in Arizona and our heroes
have spent the night in the parking lot
of their new favorite restaurant
Stephen looks ahead to the future while
max brings the pilgrimage party to one
of the biggest party schools in the
nation
talking about America alright
oh yeah
hello how are you
You Know Who I am you can trust me I was
the President of the United States
I'm Honest Abe just for the record
Abraham Lincoln did not look like that
if you can't trust me who can you trust
people have a real warmth for Abe
Lincoln I see that in their faces
so Do You Know Who I am oh you're
Abraham look exactly now I've been
around Europe you're offended father I'm
one of the most important I'm on your
five-dollar bill
yeah now I haven't been here in America
in a while so catch me up what's been
going on when I was president there's a
civil war going on you're very
contentious the thought of anger but
everything so you can correlate that as
far as the Liberals and the
Conservatives went a little bit of some
political disputes with knowing North
Korea but a little bit of Russia also
all right what's going on with Russia
they weren't watching a player back in
my day yeah well apparently we were all
friends with them and then lit the
Liberals on tried to say that we rigged
the election to be a trump into office
the Liberals are the Russians
liberals and then we're cool Russia at
that time pray and then Roshi got pissed
because they did not bring the election
right and then now they're on art now
they're on art well I had Todd Lincoln
was my son I had to school them from
time to time for stealing an apple oh I
know I read all about that young Todd he
died tragically young and it's quite sad
mine that really upsets my wife sorry
about your loss it's terrible so some
liberals were saying that Russia has
something to do with the election
yeah yeah they think that Hillary didn't
win because they rigged the election
that's why Trump won really does that
make sense it doesn't
Stevan heads back inside Cafe Pinot to
meet with a regular customer who's
running for the Senate from the state of
Arizona
hello I'm Stephen thank you for thank
you
so Arizona is in my heart I did a TV
show called the young writers it's a
Western ABC Family from a TV show at the
Pony Express so I thought we were gonna
shoot a pilot and there was no way this
thing was going to serious three years
we did it and it was a blessing it was
really cool and I stayed in Tucson five
years and commuted to Los Angeles and
what's really horrible is I'm here for
the great American pilgrimage and I wish
I could stay longer I really want to
just hang out and see some friends
there's a difference between if you were
born in a Muslim we're so tell me that
story I'm just curious how you it just
it helps my brain calibrate what I want
to ask you because it would be very
different if you were born into the
Muslim faith then if you married into
the Muslim faith so I don't know neither
I grew up in Arkansas and the first
thing I learned about Islam was in the
sixth grade we had social studies class
and learned about world cultures and I
learned that in the Middle East all the
women were property and walked two steps
behind the men and then in seventh grade
we learned about world religions and
after every chapter my teacher would say
I was in public school but my teacher
would say and they're going to help and
because they're not Christian they don't
believe in Jesus and so when we got to
Islam it was it was Mohammed is oh yeah
seriously
yeah so in college I started meeting
people who were Middle Eastern exchange
students
and I was and still am a feminist and we
would go up to them and tell them how
awful they were that they beat their
wives and they didn't believe in Jesus
so I was trying to convert them to
Christianity and they would explain to
me well no that's not what Islam says I
mean some people are bad to women but
Islam isn't and we do believe in Jesus
in fact we have an entire chapter on the
mother of Jesus of how he was born and
all of his miracles so then I started
learning more about Islam and the more I
studied it the more I liked it and it
spoke to me before that you were
Christian yeah
that's amazing that's an amazing
testimony and for me I didn't change
religions I expanded on my understanding
of my relationship with God Xavier
no but he's a very important prophet and
teacher in Islam because what's
fascinating is here sits two individuals
from two totally different walks of life
I'm a guy that was a dumb jock from Long
Island New York his dad was a public
school teacher and a football coach I
grew up in a Friday Night Lights
fighting every weekend drunk thing and
yet there's things I know about your
faith now and things you know about my
faith and the things you know about your
faith based on the fact that you know
things about my faith and yet you choose
that's interesting okay
it's just interpretation Allah just
means God in Arabic just like but Allah
is not the God of the Christian life if
you could read the Quran it's all the
same prophets I mean we've got Abraham
and have some missing dog everybody yeah
sure thank God doesn't miss Creighton so
the Almighty is the same father only
called Allah according to the Muslim
faith the same God but we don't believe
that God had a child and that Jesus was
a miracle birth but that did not make
him a this
that a child of God any more than it
made the rest of us stuff we're all
children of God
and and and but it being the same entity
yes we believe it's the same entity the
same prophets even the same stories just
with some details changed you know I bet
you were a lot more similar than we
realized
while Stephen is being schooled on the
second largest religion in the world max
is well hello hi man Blanken he's not
Abe Lincoln the American Dream is it
still alive I I don't know what to say
about that honestly cuz it's just
American dream it's so to me subjective
and honestly my parents they work there
for me and you know they gave me an
education and to them I suppose that's
there and America I feel still you know
blend opportunity but you know things
are changing just says you know the u.s.
is prospering so are other countries and
dural countries are slowly becoming more
and more you know technologically
developed yes exactly and so with things
like that honestly I feel like you know
the world is a lot more
you know it has a lot more potential no
matter where you go you're in Arizona
you're running for the federal state
seat correct how I said US Senate you're
running for the US Senate yeah
where are you now in your journey of
empowering women I have been on a
journey of empowering them in a very
long time when I became a civil rights
and social justice advocates here in
Arizona it basically I was running
organizations going around the state
telling people we know about
misinformation about Muslims or bringing
groups together to work on civil rights
issues and I think that that's very
empowering to have a woman in leadership
and a woman taking the lead then you
know I decided to you know run for US
Senate so for me I feel that that one is
just me that I have the personal
presence to know what I can do and that
I'm willing to do
and I'm not asking for permissions and
I'm not
it's your right and then to is giving
that same thought process to other women
and now you're okay with those folks
still back in Arkansas that that say to
themselves but I am okay with asking for
permission are you okay with them I'm
not gonna judge somebody that's not the
same place in life that I'm now
something yeah you may turn around and
go no I think they're dum-dums and they
were to wake up and I'd like to hit him
in the head with a loaf of bread
you know everybody's on their own
journey all I can do is plant seeds and
hope that a beautiful flower grows I'm
not responsible for the flower studies
Abe Lincoln okay
can we chat for a minute can we chat a
little bit now your friend can wait we
have to talk serious business this is a
serious business
there is nothing serious when a man is
dressed like that yeah
I'm Abe Lincoln we have to chat who's
your who's your other friend reports of
a 19th century stalker are currently
rolling in the new president took my
office at the White House there's a new
guy he's got people upset and is that
what's going on there
personally I'm Mexican so like I don't
really I don't really I'm not fond of
people you have a little problem on your
border now I'm gonna say what say you
but my ears start getting itchy cuz I'm
hearing some politician look at her
she's right now she's about to can reach
over and go politician this um but you
know I'm saying let's the poll each
other and talk what's your heart so
first of all first of all terrible
do we need them you have a little
problem on your border do we need a wall
first of all Terry Ewell the walls that
we have haven't worked as well as other
technology can do we even I don't know
that we need a wall as an immigration
attorney I will tell you we do need to
monitor it but a wall all it is is an
eyesore it's an ecosystem disaster
because so many animals pass through
there there's drones and other ways that
we can make sure to monitor that border
much more effectively than spending
money for an actual structure like you
know we're making a Chinese wall and so
yeah tell you you how far back second
generation in the United States so
immigration is very big issue in America
of course yeah so what is how do you
feel about it do you feel like it's
being handled well or not Hannibal um I
feel like building a wall really
wouldn't help but I also feel that you
know we have rules here and they have
rules there should a person who's here a
certain way that wasn't correct
should they receive funding from my
taxes for somebody who is a citizen I
feel sorry for the families that have
already made a made a living here and
you know get kicked out or whatever is
going on should this administration
follow through with its promise for a
walk the day that politicians should
follow through on a promise when it no
longer makes sense for the country is a
day that we should definitely recruit as
Americans you should do what's best for
the country you can explain why it's
differentiates from your promise that
you hopefully made in sincerity and
thought was the best solution at the
time but as we get more information as
we get more technology as things change
we should be able to move forward for
what's best for the country instead of
having to say I got to do this because I
made a promise even if it's wrong
decision that's not effective leadership
so when you speak to your friends family
back in Mexico do you encourage folks to
still come here or you're saying it
maybe not like most people are like
hesitant to come now with the new
president because so harsh and stuff
like that and it seems like it's a lot
harder to get your residency like it was
hard before and now it's gonna be even
harder so I think a lot of what about
this crazy wall thing what's that he
says Mexico's gonna pay for it that's is
that gonna happen probably not do you
know what would have a hundred was that
turn around overnight if decisions
started being made that would be better
for everything you would have instant
approval ratings all over those even
people who hate with a passion people
who have the hash tag of not my
president if you created a healthcare
system that made sure that everybody was
minimally covered made sure that no one
was left behind if you made sure that
every veteran was taken care of and not
left behind if you made sure that in
military decisions that you didn't have
civilians with no strategy telling the
military what to do and you would
actually listen to the military experts
about what they should do because
they're on the ground and no more never
mind that they're the experts if you had
if you did the wall and you did the
technology to make sure that that wall
is secure without hurting the ecosystem
without hurting the environment and
without spending unnecessary money if
you did all those things that's a win
and everybody would say wait a minute
that's better than what we were promised
you would get the people who want your
promise because that's what they had
their life staked on and you get the
people that hate you with the past
because everybody wants what works well
that was educational
hello students
you know who I am not really Bethel
presentation of Abraham Lincoln
spot on what's been going on in the
country since I left
well civilized political discourse is
gone okay well who's this coercing out
like I'm just like when I was president
there were the abolitionists all right
then the issue was slavery you know
today what is the issue and who's
fighting it exactly I'm not all caught
up on polar you from coins Kuwait how
long have you been here 40 years four
years yes and what was the biggest
surprise like when you got here and
you're like wow that's what I didn't
never expected that would it will
anything of that like surprised when you
came here
should I switch to a serious tone
absolutely
homelessness homelessness messed up talk
to me about us I see
men and women old enough to be my
grandparents on the street right where
are you children what is it family what
happened
there's no formal social welfare system
but here I'm hearing for me with that
nobody really is
I don't depraved I hope nobody this old
basically no but the last question so
you go back you're in Kuwait it's a year
from now
oh yeah I'm thinking back in my time in
Arizona the thing I miss more than
anything is okay I'll be honest read
drop it up okay this is from the bottom
of my house
the girls are here gorgeous okay buddy
we have this in common you can't you
know this is what drives just we all can
agree on this sure sure my phone yeah
while Honest Abe finds common ground in
the modern world
Stephen continues his quest to
understand Islam if I'm correct you're
wearing a traditional headscarf can you
do that if you're a progressive feminist
for me it's a it's an identity
historically it was an identity that
you're a religious person you're a
religious woman so you would have
certain respect and people would look
out for you in that way we've lost that
but for me it's a it's emulating Mary
the mother mother of Jesus
this is all the ways the way she dressed
other than she didn't close the neck and
it's also an identifier that anywhere I
go other Muslims
recognize me as Muslim and that creates
a community because they will say peace
to me they will ask if I need anything
they will be available for me if I need
help
Islam has always taken care of those oh
and a lot of meat
each year every Muslim the decision is
love every Muslim
gives 1/5 of what he made throughout the
to challenge yes it's not part of the
5/10 the five pillars of Islam that's
not one of them but it's very strong
it's one of its one as a feather right
because I'm when I've traveled in Muslim
countries the the the charity is
unbelievable people welcomed you in is
this one of the things in this country
never talked about this obviously you
know you're 27
so would you believe I'm 45 I'm 50 and
I feel like saying can we do a book deal
right for your publisher as I publisher
you'd love to know that I take notes
every night about what my day was like
in my thoughts so I'll be ready the note
I want to remind you of this evening is
it's true
youngest Baldwin brother craziest
exclamation point this has been verified
by the American Psychological
Association this is just you don't mean
it's like this is like this is like
washing over me you know I mean it's
like I just I'm just feeling like this
is going to be so interesting to have
people hear you I'd honestly say that
everyone really has a chance you know if
you really work hard you can get to
places not all places but you can get to
places
after you Stephens newfound knowledge
leaves some excited about the
possibilities this pilgrimage may bring
thanks so much buddy Shalala while max
is excited to get out of the Arizona
heat and take off the wool coat
by the way brother I turned the
air-conditioning off a minute ago I
thought that smell was gonna
is it that bad let me stop
turn left on south tomahawk Road thanks
nice to have you lady
hang on dude we're cool it smells again
whoo every time I hit the brakes the
smells
we gotta find the dew dew drop you take
it around
this is the RV culture this is the
people of the building
there's mark and flag right there
America all right it's a tough job but
somebody's got to do it daddy
Wow dude I hate there's something in
here I think this is our problem
I'm better be careful oh look at that
it's like an extra whoa dude
everything's under control max catch
just kidding don't touch that yeah it's
hard to say no to an ice-cream sandwich
what if i nervous because they're gonna
this this the pilgrimage our army has
two fully extended poopoo house only the
best for our usual suspect
Oh get this shot guys you could see it
going into the tank max run inside and
just flush the toilet a few times and
turn the sink water on please oh that's
why I'm here
this is the baptism that I was thinking
of you know I can it could be really
messed up right what's on my hand right
now I could be really evil but I'm not
gonna do that
- I love max
right it's working so whoo that stinks
but or
that Eve funny we got to get a new hose
for real this she's going in the garbage
thanks foots freaking be so gnarly you
wanna drive chuckwagon you gotta throw
away a big ol poo poo hose
I'm gonna wash my hands next time on the
great American pilgrimage are those
Mexican Mexican dresses can you tell me
what that is I'm a visitor here what am
I looking at you know can you help me
get some dancers
