more than a hundred Palestinians have
been injured after protests turned
violent across the West Bank and Gaza
tear gas rubber bullets and even live
ammunition reused by Israeli police as
they clashed with demonstrators the
tensions escalated after US President
Donald Trump's decision to recognize
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel
yeah
protests are now underway across
Palestine Israeli police are using tear
gas and water cannon against the rioters
in Jerusalem people are gathering near
the Damascus Gate where several clashes
with security forces have already been
seen arty Charla Dubinski is there and
she joins us now live hi there Charlotte
so how tense is the situation at the
moment
it still feels incredibly tense in the
last hour we've seen several small-scale
clashes between the Israeli security
forces and local Palestinians who live
in this part of Jerusalem bottles were
hurled at the security services and at
the journalists who were trying to get
out of the way and then the police in
turn were pushing those protesters away
and running after them some on the back
of horses as well trying to steer them
away from Damascus Gate we've been
allowed to return in the last 10 or 15
minutes but this is just an indication a
small indication of some of the scuffles
that we're seeing across the Israeli and
Palestinian territories today and over
the last few days all on the back of
that announcement by Donald Trump on
Wednesday that the US would officially
recognize Jerusalem as being the capital
of Israel that has sparked widespread
condemnation from many countries mainly
countries of Muslim majority such as
Turkey Malaysia Indonesia and we've seen
the protests in those countries as well
as well as protests taking place on US
soil in Chicago were hundreds
demonstrated against that announcement
by Donald Trump well here at Damascus a
gate in Jerusalem heading into the heart
near the old city there is a small group
of people who are protesting and they're
chanting now we've been speaking to some
of them today to try and get feeling as
to what they think about that
announcement chrome at Donald Trump and
we've been talking to Israeli citizens
and Palestinian citizens this is what
they had to say there will not be a bad
constant questions it comes to questions
and ramifications that will lead for
another Intifada or another revolution
it's gonna be into global I think so you
know but it's it's this time it's not
gonna be short one you know I hope
things turn out right but it doesn't
look right you know policies you know
look for any excuse they can't call for
a Day of Rage and
they don't they're not gonna stop us
it's a significant move I think it's
gonna cause trouble
why do rusul needs to be the capital of
Israel I don't know it's here it's in
Palestine it should remain in Palestine
well I don't know if you can hear me but
there's the sound of car ho horns in the
end that sort of people showing support
for the small number of demonstrators
who are here they've been chanting
things like this is our capital these
are Palestinian demonstrators who are
unhappy with that announcement by Donald
Trump but this is not just a small scale
scuffle this has already become
something a little bit wider with the
IDF actually launching two strikes on
Gaza in the last few days they say that
that was in retaliation for a rocket
strike which they blame on Hamas in Gaza
however that has since been claimed by
another group and there is fear that
this could lead to even bigger tension
as you heard one of the people I spoke
to they're saying this could be a third
intifada and that is actually what the
leader of the Islamist group Hamas in
Gaza
Ishmael hanya has called for in the last
few days describing this alliance
between the US and Israel as being
satanic meanwhile on the other hand the
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has described this as being a
great decision and has thanked John or
Trump for recognizing Jerusalem as the
capital of Israel
Maureen times Charla Dubinski in
Jerusalem thank you very much thank you
