there's confusion over whether the US
will take part in the upcoming Winter
Olympics in South Korea White House
spokesperson Sarah Saunders tweeted that
the country is looking forward to the
games although security remains a top
priority but just hours before she had
implied the team might not even be going
no official decision has been made on
that and we'll keep you guys posted as
those decisions are made well the
spokesperson had been quizzed after the
US ambassador to the UN claimed
America's participation in the upcoming
games in South Korea it was open to
question as the Korean Peninsula posed a
security threat well our T's caliber
oven has been engaging reaction on the
streets of New York it turns out that a
very well known country may not be
participating in the upcoming Olympic
Games and it's got nothing to do with
Russia or doping in fact it's the United
States q the US ambassador to the United
Nations is that a done deal or you know
is the United States recommending that
our team goes or is that still an open
question in this environment there
there's an open question I have not
heard anything about that but I do know
that in the talks that we have whether
it's Jerusalem whether it's North Korea
it's always about how do we protect the
US citizens in the area now let's see if
people here are aware that their team
may not be going to the Winter Games
what country may not be sending any
athletes to the Olympic Games is it a
Russia B North Korea or C the United
States a Russia C the United States and
why it's unclear I didn't get a chance
to read the article I know Nikki hailey
threw it out there and I'm not sure
exactly why we're not gonna participate
but I'll be a little more informed later
in the day I've been jammed all morning
I see no reason why we shouldn't though
so is the United States nikki Haley at
the UN's yesterday said we may not be
participating what do you think of that
Wow
it's ridiculous it's terrible the US
Olympic Committee says there's no need
to worry that there's no talk of not
going to the games we've not had any
discussions either internally or with
our government partners about the
possibility of not taking teams to the
2018 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games
so no need to worry that well it's
be fair there are quite a few anxieties
swarming around the Korean Peninsula
North Korea recently went as far as
saying that with war it's not a matter
of if but when the successive
large-scale nuclear war exercises
conducted by the US are creating a
touch-and-go situation on the Korean
Peninsula and the series of warlike
remarks coming from high-level US
politicians in these circumstances have
made the outbreak of war on the Korean
Peninsula a certainty
the remaining question now is when will
the war break out
now one Chinese newspaper has actually
issued a nuclear strike Survival Guide
China is currently conducting military
drills meanwhile South Korea reassures
everyone that everything at the Olympic
Games is going to be completely safe and
normal meanwhile there are u.s. bombers
flying overhead in wargames rehearsing
for an all-out war with the north
Kalib Maupin RT New York
