hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter LaBelle
Donald Trump's decision to move the u.s.
embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem
signals Washington now deems this to be
Israel's capital reaction was easy to
predict various degrees of dismay how
this is in America's interest is
difficult to fathom the law of
unintended consequences is surely in
play
crosstalking jerusalem i'm joined by my
guest philip geraldi and percival he is
a former CIA counterterrorism
specialists who is now executive
director of the council for the national
interest in Washington we have Grant
Smith he is the director of the
Institute for Research in Middle Eastern
policy as well as author of big Israel
how Israel's Lobby moves America and in
Philadelphia we cross the Greg Roman he
is the chief operations officer for the
Middle East forum all right gentlemen
crosstalk rules in effect that means you
can jump in any time you want and I
always appreciate they let me go to you
first here Donald Trump ran on the
platform of making America great again
how is it recognizing Jerusalem is
Israel's capital Percy advancing that
agenda making America great again and I
would add you know making American
foreign policy great again I don't know
go ahead Philip yeah well that's that's
the fundamental question here I mean
basically people like myself people who
consider themselves a patriotic
Americans are wondering when Donald
Trump is going to start deliver
delivering on on changing our foreign
policy which has been destructive of the
United States in this particular case
you have to ask what does the United
States and what do Americans get out of
this they don't get anything out of this
essentially this is going to create a
lot of problems having been a diplomat
overseas myself I can tell you that if
the security is going to have to go
through the roof at embassies and
military installations around the world
American tourists are going to be
potential targets of terrorism much more
so than they are now American
businessmen are going to have to
consider the security costs of setting
up a business overseas so there's going
to be a whole lot of downside to this
decisions it's not just a simple
decision about where somebody puts in
embassy this has a lot of consequences
to it and if you read the media to that
that's coming out after this story
explaining how it came to be you'll find
that there was a lot of pushback words
from people in the administration who
didn't want to do this but Trump
insisted he would do it okay
a Greg ed same question I mean maybe
I'll advance it even further what how is
it in America's interest and how is it
in Israel's interest both question both
countries same question go ahead Greg in
Philadelphia so on the American side we
see that effectively we've been
recognizing Jerusalem Israel's capital
since 1949 American President and
secretaries of state and other diplomats
often visit their Israel's Parliament's
there the Prime Minister's office the
president's office in the Supreme Court
so after 30 years of peace processing
from when George Shultz announced that
the PLO was the representative of the
Palestinian people back in 88 until
today we've seen a process where America
has taken the position of a neutral
arbiter between the Palestinians and the
Israelis and hasn't gotten us anywhere
in fact insofar as the Palestinians have
been able to get concession after
concession from the Israelis they've
responded with violence so I think what
Trump is doing is he's flipping the
peace paradigm on its head instead of
instead of making Israel make
concessions
he's saying to the Palestinians the
future of American foreign policy will
move forward with with or without you
and it's time for you to get stable and
to negotiate on our terms okay okay well
then number one
I guess you're assuming let me go to
grant here it I I agree the facade that
America is a neutral arbiters is finally
the mask is finally off but because it's
been a Sharad for decades okay I guess
that is a good thing here I certainly
know don't know what concessions the
Palestinians can make at this point they
almost have nothing left here grant let
me go to you I mean the United States
has been often called Israel's lawyer
now it looks like it's Israel's real
estate agent go ahead
grant this is the biggest disaster in
since 1973 when Golda Meir convinced
Richard Nixon not to advance a nuclear
non-proliferation treaty when Israel
started building and trying to sell to
apartheid South Africa nuclear weapons
five years later it's an unmitigated
disaster it's making the u.s. be dragged
out of UN Security Council resolution
four seven eight by just saying we're no
longer gonna pressure Israel to
recognize the fact that it illegally
seized East Jerusalem and then tried and
the 1980s to claim it was all theirs you
know if this is the art of the deal
Donald Trump wrote back in the day his
first chapter must have said something
like make all your concessions before
negotiations start so what we're going
to see forthrightly is that the Israelis
are going to say well now you have to
realize and recognize that all of
Jerusalem as Israel's and then they're
gonna say now you've got to recognize
all of the illegal settlements or
Israel's and they're going to keep
pushing and pushing and the US unless it
can free itself of the Israel lobbies
hold over the political campaign
contribution process is just going to
reel from disaster to disaster and
undermine its own national security and
credibility you know Philip I'm glad
that Graham brought that up because they
know of course I look at the the
mainstream media covering the story the
last 36 hours and you know I don't hear
mention of resolution four seven eight
and one eight one they're very germane
to this thing here United States by
recognizing Jerusalem is the capital of
Israel is in violation of international
law it's very very simple language you
can look it up it's easy go ahead Philip
yeah this is one of the interesting
aspects of it the the fact is the United
States technically it still supports
those resolutions and but the fact is
the recognition of Jerusalem as as
Israel's capital confuses a lot of
different issues in terms of what what
are the the what is the legal status of
Jerusalem for example that that pretty
much is still defined by the 1947 by the
UN right when the State of Israel was
created it defined what would be the the
situation in Jerusalem as an
international City under UN auspices
that would be open to everyone but that
of course went out the window when the
the war or the fighting started between
the Israelis and the Palestinians so
basically we have a situation where the
legal the legal issues are very clear
and on one hand but in practice very
confusing so it's it's something that
this is a a mess that Trump did not have
to step into yeah and it will only have
bad consequences and yet he did it it
and and yet he did it and knowing full
well from some of his advisors like
Tillerson matters that essentially this
is a very very bad idea you know Greg
weigh in on the international law aspect
of it I mean I mentioned the two
resolutions for seven eight and one
eight one I mean from your understanding
these are they still an enforce because
everybody in the house and the world
seems to think they are
go ahead well I would point you to first
that back in nineteen forty seven and
then in May of forty eight Israel
accepted that UN resolution and if it
wasn't for the invasion of seven Arab
armies into Jerusalem proper the illegal
occupation of Jerusalem but that doesn't
know the resolution oven but it doesn't
know the resolution I'm not saying those
the resolution but if we want to talk
about the status quo ante and the actual
facts of what's on the ground right now
we have to look at also UN resolution
242 which says that there will be a
negotiation for what they consider to be
disputed territories after UN resolution
181 or is it so you look at what is the
customary international humanitarian law
in this or if we hold on a second there
was plenty of negotiations from the Oslo
process all the way through the end of
the Obama administration not in
Jerusalem to give up a hundred percent
of the land with land swaps on Jerusalem
to shore funds we all know that it would
be part of the final settlement Trump is
trying to do everything backwards okay
and Greg I'll get I'll give you I'll
give you one point what we've seen over
the last 30 years has failed I think
that's true okay okay but I would say
was it was designed to fail here let me
go to grant here I mean you know my
problem with this is if they're gonna
recognize it the US is gonna recognize
Jerusalem as part of some plan that
Jared Kushner is working on that nobody
knows anything about okay then what
could possibly be the plan if you
negotiate the status of Jerusalem first
instead of last what is he got up his
sleeve if anything I don't believe it go
ahead grant yeah
there's no plan it's every time the u.s.
sends a prime you know predominantly
Zionist team to so-called negotiate
anything they come back and they say
well you know we didn't get anywhere and
the problem with the entire sword of
Damocles that has been hanging over US
presidents in the 1995 Jerusalem embassy
act you know who wrote that act the
Zionist Organization of America and
AIPAC and why did they write that act
forcing the US State Department coercing
the State Department not to receive any
funding for overseas installations until
they built an embassy in Jerusalem it's
because Israel and its Lobby did wanted
to preempt the Oslo peace process and
they wanted to preempt any possibility
that there would be a negotiation over
the Palestinian right to share Jerusalem
borders any sort of issues that were on
the table they wanted to preempt it by
making US presidents squirm under this
ridiculous act and fortunately until
recently no presidents although the
campaign and promised the Israel lobby
that they move the embassy no president
was actually willing to take the
dangerous step of actually doing it so
you know it's just it's an unmitigated
disaster we go to the break you fill
real quick before we go to the break
here do you have much confidence in and
Jared Kushner as being a grand diplomat
a metro NIC or something like that go
ahead no I have no confidence whatsoever
I mean he has no experience whatsoever
he's noted for his Diana sties his
family basically help pay for settlement
activity that's illegal on the West Bank
this is a guy who's in Israel first or
as the expression goes and he's
surrounded by a grue Israel first
there's the US ambassador David Friedman
and Greenblatt and these people are all
out for Israel and and
as I keep saying I'm an American Donald
Trump is an American president when is
he gonna represent American interests
and protect the American people that by
doing foolish things like this all he's
going to do is be costing us money and
giving us pain okay I'm gonna jump in
here gentlemen we're gonna go to a short
break and after that short break we'll
continue our discussion on Jerusalem
stay with our tea
okay Greg you one of the first things
the reactions to Trump's announcement is
that the alienation of the Arab world
you know all the way from Saudi Arabia
to Jordan to Turkey Egypt but I think
there's a more of a caveat here and I'll
be quite cynical because politics is and
it's very hard cynical I get the
impression that the Saudis probably
aren't so angry with this after all you
know they don't care about the
Palestinians let's face it most Arab
countries don't care about the
Palestinians they you know they use the
issue when they want to they can turn up
the volume and turn it down but you know
over the last 30 years the Arabs haven't
done much for for the Palestinians and
so you know if there's any kind of grand
bargain going on it's between Kushner
and the grunt crown prince in Saudi
Arabia which I given those two
characters I'm I would be a bit worried
here but I think there's a kernel of
truth of what I had to say there Greg go
ahead I couldn't agree with you more the
Palestinians are on the last thought of
every Arab leader they're more worried
about their own countries and the
biggest threat in the region is Iran so
with Saudi Arabia Egypt and Jordan all
coordinating with Israel now facing the
specter of Iranian dominance from
Lebanon Syria Iraq and Iran I think that
this is a bold move on Trump right now
to make the Palestinians realize that
they're boxed into a corner I mean
historically Wars end when one side of
losses and until the Palestinians
realized that they have lost this
struggle for trying to gain a state from
the river to the sea from the Jordan
River to the Mediterranean Sea they'll
keep on being isolated so it's the
Palestinians who have the onus of coming
to the table and from recognize that
everybody abuzz that everybody abandons
them and it's their fault here now I
think that's disingenuous here Philip I
saw you brilliance in the song they're
grimacing there you know Iran I guess
it's all about a rant it's always a
proper rant I mean this is amazing your
reaction Philip it's about Iran go ahead
well I mean this could be written by the
Israeli Foreign Ministry that Iran is
always the enemy as I was watching the
movie 1984 last night you remember how
there were permanent
in permanent friends who would shift
every once in a while it's the same
thing I mean the Israelis need an enemy
to justify the horrific treatment they
they have meted out to the Palestinians
and they justify it through this Iranian
enemy the Iranians have not invaded or
attacked anybody in 300 years the
Israelis make a regular practice of
attacking their neighbors
so who's the aggressive state it's a
very good point you know grant a lot of
people will say from the truth okay well
that's a historical fact okay grant let
me go to you in Washington here I mean
again given Trump's lack of interest and
knowledge of foreign affairs which is I
think quite transparent okay obviously
this is all about domestic politics I
mean this is a bid on his part for the
GOP to be the more firster of the first
errs for Israel and it might be working
okay and of course he's playing the
evangelical card here I mean it's more
about domestic politics here in my mind
when it particularly when it comes to
trump and we all know however you feel
about us Israeli policy you know Trump
is surrounded by people that are very
very pro-israel and profoundly anti Iran
go ahead grant yeah well let me put some
facts on the table according to a poll
my organization did 56 percent of
Americans were opposed to moving the
embassy to Jerusalem Brookings just put
out a poll saying that while 50 percent
of Republicans supported it 70 percent
of Democrats were vehemently against it
and they know it because it is a
destabilizing move that could have again
disastrous consequences for the US now
Iran is not the bogeyman that the Israel
lobby says it is but they have they're
on track to be a six billion dollar
industry in the United States by 2020
they have vast resources to spread like
they did before the Iraq war all of
these concepts of weapons of mass
destruction and threats to America which
ultimately proved false they'd love
Americans to focus entirely on Iran
which is not a threat to the United
States
it's and ignore this most destabilizing
issue which provided motivation for the
9/11 hijackers you know you can almost
see the Glee in the Israel lobby pundits
on the media in the u.s. just saying
check out the Arab Street it's broiling
it's gonna burst into violence and we're
going you know poor Israel we're going
to have to face this backlash just like
Netanyahu said after 9/11 well this will
be good for Israel because the US will
see what we're up against
well now we have to take a step back
look at the bigger picture and see
what's driving all of this it's not the
US interest the United States is not in
the driver's seat it's this Lobby that
has erected such a hold over Congress in
the political process to the point where
politicians cannot even launch a
campaign without tapping it and
providing a position paper giving away
and and of supporting all of Apax
positions so it's a disastrous blow to
us sovereignty and national security to
continue letting Israel make US foreign
policy as Americans essentially you know
go along and go with the flow for the
money the support the vast amount of
think tanks and other pundits who are
saying this is such a brilliant move
it's very obviously not and Americans
are opposed to it you ask something a
legitimate Paul is this a good move they
say no don't do it well I mean I think
all of us know that the foreign policy
elites don't care about public opinion
that I don't know the last time when
they did Greg let me ask you what does
the United States get out of its
relationship with Israel I mean arms
sales I mean what did they get out of it
because as someone once said to me I
will let you answer if someone said to
me once you know you know before Israel
the United States didn't have any
enemies in the Middle East
afterwards it has no friends okay go
ahead Greg if you look at the first war
that America fought it was with the
Middle East versus the Barbary pirates
in the early 1800s so that's just a
false statement coming out of the barrel
it was 150 years before he supported
Israel there's a very there's a lot of
can ISM in the Middle East and I think
as his Philip has pointed out with this
move it will even get worse that is my
point
so I'll ask my question again what does
the United States get out of its
relationship with Israel go ahead so to
look at the asset test between what the
us-israel relationship has I think that
the joining of not just economic and
trade benefits which are associated with
it but the fact that you have the only
democracy in the Middle East aligning
with the only democracy that's really at
a bright spot right now in the West you
find that they're able to go forward you
want to be able to have ridiculous
having someone who hold on to say US
trade relation with Israel with a guy
who's completely one second wait one
second I have my just really espionage
and I know we're hearing the userís
part of the question right no we're
hearing the usual talking points but it
is my obligates my program it's my
obligation to give my guest his say even
if I D minimally disagree with them Greg
please in Philadelphia thank you Peter
it's always a pleasure being with you so
on one side you have a group which is
saying that there's no benefits to the
relationship who's peddling conspiracy
theories on the other we have those who
cavort with Holocaust deniers and I
think you have to look in the middle
which is the fact that there is a
us-israel relationship that provides
defense benefits and provide religious
benefits that provides over three
million Israelis that came to the United
States for tourist activities and on the
other side as well the actual trade
relationships and a technology that
American companies get out of it is
indicated by what's on the ground
Microsoft Freescale Semiconductor
Facebook Waze all great companies that
originated in America and are active in
Israel right now that's just on the
bilateral could happen without the same
kind of strategic relationship I don't
see how they're exactly tied together
okay okay Phillip I saw you again
grimacing go ahead well as soon as I
hear Holocaust deniers I know I know
what kind of game is being played here I
mean this is this is a constant
vilification of anybody who criticizes
Israel in any way and I think what you
have to look at in terms of this latest
move about Jerusalem who is
whose delighted by it Bibi Netanyahu war
criminal the settlers fascists the
Christian Zionists basically who who
want Armageddon to come so that the
world will end so they can be raptured
up to heaven and of course they're the
mega billionaires all of whom are Jewish
who support this activity and had
supported the Trump administration and
doing this and have been pushing for it
so you know we have a delightful group
of people basically that are demanding
this move of the or this move on the
embassy and and the rest of us who
criticize it I guess are just Holocaust
deniers grant Jenna the interesting
thing of the critics about the trade
relationship the Israeli Ministry of
economics right and AIPAC stole American
industry trade secrets to pass that deal
and it's the worst bilateral trade deal
in terms of cumulative deficit of all
bilateral trade deals it had to be
accomplished through espionage and
thwarting the will of American industry
labor and trade groups because it was a
bad deal and you can clearly see that
now Danny you know Gregg can defend that
as being a wonderful thing but it was
another plot hatched by AIPAC and its
many supporters in the Israel lobby
across the u.s. to take something from
America an additional ten billion
dollars in aid by pushing through a
group of concessions that allow Israeli
experts the exports free access to the
US market while US exporters are
essentially locked out you know and
Israel continues to spy on the United
States divert nuclear weapons technology
and know-how it's it's it's absolutely
ridiculous to say that this is a
security relationship when you have so
much espionage in here on the part of
the Israelis because I want to have
crosstalk rules I'm going to give Greg
the last word here I'm with the
following question great great senator
wouldn't it be just better to settle
with the Palestinians and get this in
the past because it looks like Israel
wants to keep this conflict what people
call apartheid together wouldn't be
better just to make a deal and move
go ahead uh Peter I I couldn't agree
with you more but the thing is is that
when the Palestinians and the Israelis
come to the table if it was under Obama
Bush Clinton Reagan the other Bush every
single time that the Israelis are
willing to make a deal that Palestinians
rejected so I think going back to the
norm that was main conversation today
you're taking the you're taking the art
of the deal from Donald Trump and
sometimes you have to flip the
conference table over and see where the
pieces land I think there will be
eventually a state of Palestine with a
capital in East Jerusalem but it has to
be on the us-israel rules with the
Palestinians coming to the table to
recognize those actual circles okay I
have two gentlemen phrase the law of
unintended consequences buckle up impact
soon many geta thanks to my guests in
Percival Washington and in Philadelphia
and thanks to our viewers for watching
us here at RT see you next time and
remember Rostock wheels
