now Donald Trump has announced that the
time has come for the u.s. to officially
recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel there has already been a wave of
criticism to the proposal across the
Muslim and Arab world
Trump also gave the green light to
moving the American Embassy to Jerusalem
from Tel Aviv therefore I have
determined that it is time to officially
recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel artist Caleb Marvin and 24 news
correspondents Jordana Miller and
Muhammed Al Kasim joined us earlier Kate
Caleb in New York Jordana and Mohammed
are in at Jerusalem and the West Bank in
his remarks Donald Trump insisted that
the USA was still committed to a
two-state solution he went on to say
that he actually wanted a good deal for
both the Israelis and the Palestinians
now here's just a selection from what
Donald Trump said when he was trying to
justify his decision this decision is
not intended in any way to reflect a
departure from our strong commitment to
facilitate a lasting peace agreement we
want an agreement that is a great deal
for the Israelis and a great deal for
the Palestinians now we've also heard
from various allies of the United States
in the region turkey a member of NATO
has been very critical of the decision
has has Saudi Arabia a longtime US ally
which hosted Donald Trump not long ago
now we've also heard some reactions from
Europe now we know the French leader has
called this an illegal action and said
that it is a violation of international
law
Jerusalem is a final status issue that
must be resolved through direct
negotiations between the two parties
status of Jerusalem should be determined
as a negotiator in a negotiated
settlement between the Israelis and the
Palestinians and Jerusalem should
ultimately form to share form a shared
capital now here in the United States
Israel supporters are certainly jubilant
but other parties are quite upset with
the decision now it's been quite a mixed
reaction here in the USA as well so
across the planet there's been lots of
controversy in response to Donald
Trump's statements but as he reiterated
many times during his speech making the
announcement he insists that he is still
committed to a two-state solution so
we'll just have to see what further
reactions develop okay thanks Caleb well
let's get some reaction now from the
West Bank because they're standing
patiently is Mohammad Al Kasim from I 24
thanks very much for coming on Mohammad
just tell us what's been the reaction in
the West Bank because Donald Trump's
been selling this as a step towards
peace but many people believe it's a
step backwards well soon after US
President Donald Trump concluded his
speech President Mahmoud Abbas in a
televised speech and angry speech to be
honest with you condemned the decision
by the US president and criticized this
decision saying that Jerusalem will
forever be an Arab and the capital of
the Palestinian future State and no one
can change its identity these deplorable
and unacceptable measures deliberately
undermine all these efforts and proclaim
that the u.s. are abandoning the role of
sponsor of the peace process the day of
played over the past decade there has
been minor clashes throughout the West
Bank and in fact we've heard that there
has been some demonstrations in East
Jerusalem there will be general strike
and calls for days of Rage they've heard
also reports of demonstrations in Amman
Jordan and also an Ankara the capital of
Turkey
in front of the US Embassy as well as
demonstrations of 300 Turks in front of
the US consulate in Istanbul wide
contamination throughout the Middle East
and the Muslim world with the decision
that President Donald Trump took by
moving the embassy from the city of Tel
Aviv in Israel to Jerusalem as well as
announcing that Jerusalem is the capital
of Israel
okay thanks Mohammed let's get the
Israeli perspective now because we can
go to Jordanna Miller she's in Jerusalem
I have to say that really across the
political spectrum here Israeli
lawmakers and the majority of the public
here support this move the Prime
Minister Venge
Netanyahu put out a statement on YouTube
this is a historic day the president's
decision is an important step towards
peace for there is no peace
that doesn't include Jerusalem as the
capital of the State of Israel
you went on to call this a just and
courageous decision and he called on
other countries to follow suit now it
doesn't look at this moment like many
other countries will follow suit overall
this is a decision that Israelis have
been praising now if we look at the
Israeli Arab lawmakers of course very
different reaction there the head of the
major party here that serves in the
Israeli Knesset releasing a statement
saying that Trump is a quote hater that
he is not interested in any kind of
peace between Israelis and Palestinians
by making because he's made this kind of
move which really destroys he said the
chances for peace all right Andy farmer
discussing the situation there earlier
politicians around the world have
already reacted to Trump's decision
German Chancellor Angela Merkel British
PM Theresa May and EU foreign policy
chief federica mogherini have all
expressed their disagreement with the
move the German government does not
support this move because the status of
Jerusalem is to be negotiated within the
framework of a two-state solution we
disagree with the u.s. decision to move
its embassy to Jerusalem and recognize
Jerusalem as the Israeli capital before
a final status agreement we believe it
is unhelpful in terms of prospects for
peace in the region the European Union
expresses serious concern about today's
announcement by the United States
President Trump the aspirations of both
parties must be fulfilled and a way must
be found through negotiations we spoke
to hussein abad she from Middle East
Technical University who believes the US
and Israel will have repercussions to
face over this move I think it has taken
the risk this time not business risk but
political risk and the Middle East will
be a
I think America and American citizens
will not have very easy life from now in
the Middle East and in many other parts
of the world but this is the decision of
the American administration and only
America can repair this if Donald Trump
is taking his decision back but this is
another process so I would expect now in
economic political and social and
psychological sense a lot of problems
for the Middle East for the Unites
States of America but also for the
entire Islamic world which composed of
57 countries as Conference of Islamic
countries
