to bring bring it to other people doing
good to the community to the town and
you see home country don't spare their
forces and efforts this is a very lofty
ennoble motivation behind your actions
there are millions of Ahlan tears across
russia they share the responsibility for
Russia's future Russia's famous author
Anton Chekhov said there are many good
people in Russia and I'm sure this quote
for the applies to all of you and that
has always been the case throughout
centuries empathy mercy ready to service
your nation has been part of our DNA
part of the DNA of Russians tears have
always stood up for their homeland we
just heard some memories of the over two
and I remember that
my father built in protection Nashville
during World War two but he waived that
protection and volunteered to go to the
frontline in 1941 World the Enbridge
nurses doctors who toiled the
countryside
those who were behind in major
construction projects those who donated
money for charity to build churches that
level calls has United people from all
walks of life and professions to many
areas where the warmth of your hearts is
needed volunteers work in hospitals and
other social institutions they help to
find missing people
but people who have suffered from
emergencies also protect our historical
monuments fine the remains of fallen
soldiers and tried to find their names
the many and many examples like this and
their number is growing every year
I'm certain that efforts like this help
to better environment and society as a
whole
hi to all of you and that means that we
can do whatever you announce 2018 the
yera volunteers
it does Daniel
thank you the crowd is chanting thank
you
thank you
at Birth Daniel is now Liam this without
recognition of your service to the
people ordinary citizens that you render
support and assistance that's his
contribution of your contribution to the
development of Russia this will be your
year the year of all Russia people whose
will look at energy good-heartedness
Sela is the main force of Russia thank
you I know that you celebrate the best
volunteers today they would like to
congratulate the winners would like to
join those warm words that we've heard
about you and wish you success we want
to ask a small favor and the most
prestigious category volunteer the
International project let's preserve
bike Lake Baikal and the winner is Maxim
Tokarev
what do you do just to talk about with
president so he asked me what do I do to
preserve Lake Baikal well thank you so
much for recognizing my efforts would
like to thank my family my team without
them I would not be able to stand here
in this stage think of these celebration
volunteers need to know that their
efforts are recognized they don't work
for money
great so much focuses the volunteer
movement and it's great that 2018 will
be the year of volunteers millions of
people here in Russia have grand plans
for the future there's so much work
outstanding and Russia our stage has
means a lot of hopes and plans on
volunteers are you with us next year as
we hope you will be always with the
trends in our family I think
maxime would like to ask you a specific
question announced their plans for a
next spring they said that they will run
for president so will you run for the
presidency for president sir in 2018
at the DA for any person it's a very
responsible decision it takes a lot of
responsibility yes you know why because
you definitely look at the motivation
and the motivation can only be to
improve the lives of people in this
country to make it stronger protected
looking into the future and to achieve
those goals when you have one condition
letters in it when people you trust and
so you ask me very important questions I
have a question to you so if I do take
this decision will you and people close
will you support this decision the crowd
is chanting yes doing the standard this
decision has to be taken very soon and
it will be taking very soon when
considering it we definitely take much
to account our conversation and your
response thank you
Thank You mr. put in
vamsee MO - good luck to all of you
friends we all understand that's we are
will have a major event next year
presidential election in 2018 that will
shape our future for the next couple of
years so you've just heard the decision
we're all volunteers we are all citizens
of the great country we will definitely
come to polling stations to cast our
ballot is that right
the crowd is chanting yes
thank you
