Sweden's Prime Minister Stefan Lewin has
been told to pack his bags after losing
a no-confidence vote it follows
September's general election when the
ruling Social Democrats were handed
their worst result in history so let's
get more details now from Rio
finocchiona
he's been following the fallout from the
election and joins us in the studio and
Maria just tell us then and explain to
us what's happened and how we reached
this point well this is a historic
moment for Sweden first time ever the
freshly elected parliament dismisses the
sitting prime minister he lost a
confidence vote earlier and Tuesday that
is mandatory after general elections he
will still be the head of a caretaker
government until the new government is
formed but with no actual power this
comes up to again historic Parliament
elections in Sweden during which we saw
a rise of right-wing Sweden Democrats
while Social Democrats then the ruling
party the biggest and historically the
most powerful party in Sweden I mean was
shaking dramatically with their worst
results in decades and now as an outcome
we have two major groups in the Swedish
parliament left centre block including
Social Democrats this is why they call
them sometimes a social democratic bloc
got 144 sets in Sweden's 349 seat
Parliament less than half then the
opposition alliance bloc formed four
parties with 143 seats in the palm in
just one point less than their major
rival so they're very close 144 against
143 it's obvious that it will be very
hard to for them to vote on any decision
because none of them has the majority
the only way for them to have that this
majority would be to team up with Sweden
Democrats they got 62 seats in the
parliament but the thing is that less
than two blocks says they are not ready
to negotiate to cooperate anyhow with
Sweden Democrats and tea parties of the
four parties forming the opposition
Alliance blog also refused to do that so
it's kind of deadlock right now because
nobody has the majority so sure I mean
from what you explained there
September's election did cause quite a
political sort of earthquake
didn't it oh yeah what caused that well
I have to say that the Parliament
elections came at a very difficult time
for Sweden and security was the biggest
concern with very high criminality
arrayed gang shootings on the rise cars
burned in various cities all across the
country you remember those absolute of
dramatic picture is from Sweden so how
did the vote I have to say people felt
frustrated scared
and of course anger they needed a
solution they needed to fix those
problems and it happened that although
the connection was never officially
established social of Sweden Democrats
somehow managed to convince people that
immigrants are to play for all the
problems and closing the borders and
sending those people back to the
countries where they came from would be
a good solution for Sweden then this is
the Unser Sweden right now needs and I
have to say that this is what I felt
while travelling across Sweden we spent
around 14 days there had we visited many
many cities and this anti-immigrant or
particularly NT non-european immigrant
feel was very strong there I want you to
take a look at this piece we filmed this
in the city of Health in Berg
I mean local journalists were just
walking down the street and we bumped
into different immigrants and it was
very tense let's take a look what
happened
Weedon is not Swedish anymore I mean
this is totally changed here used to be
a small little you know a shop where you
could buy hot dogs now it's sort of a
kebab shop you never find any Swedish
hotdogs anymore hey no this
beginningless all the signs are in
Arabic
yeah it's all Arabic no no no no wrong
we are Swedish what were you in Sweden
exactly like Swedish very sad that
Sweden is not a Swedish country anymore
it makes me want to cry
yeah mark I don't recognize my own
country you feel like crying crying just
elimination I mean that was a really
good way of just showing perhaps
highlighting social tensions that do
exist on the streets um what's next then
for Sweden I vote for a new head of the
government has to take place no later
than two weeks after the Speaker of the
Parliament is announced which happened
yesterday and the parties will be
allowed to vote to choose between
maximum four candidates and if they fail
to do that we're going to see new
elections and swing imagine
you
