Russia has been banned from the 2018
Winter Olympic Games however individual
athletes will be allowed to compete
under a neutral flag they will
participate under the name Olympic
athlete from Russia
with it the country's anthem and symbols
banned from the games
this means the abbreviation Oh a R will
be written on Russian athletes uniforms
and an Olympic flag will be next to
their name also when a medal is awarded
to them the Olympic anthem will be
played rather than Russia's the IOC has
explained its decision by saying that
some Russian athletes doping test
samples were manipulated during the
Sochi games in 2014 these invited
athletes will participate be it in
individual or team competitions under
the name Olympic athlete from Russia
with the acronym o AR they will compete
with the uniform bearing this name and
under the Olympic flag the Olympic
anthem will be played in any ceremony
Russian figure skating coach tatyana
cassava who broke down in tears when she
learned of the decision smooth yet which
still ate it there are no words you know
I don't want to cry I want to scream
it's sad that we won't be at the games
as a team that the Russian flags won't
be flying it's devastating that there
will be no tears of joy as you hear your
national anthem but nobody is prohibited
from singing the anthem I think that if
there are victories and if there are
athletes who want to participate and win
I think we'll hear them singing
our correspondent analysts associate
Turkana is now in Lausanne
she has briefed us on the decisions made
concerning the Russian Olympic team it's
been a very difficult day here obviously
with so many eyes from around Russia
watching the announcement that would
come from this room here in Lausanne
where the International Olympic
Committee Executive Board made a final
decision on the future of Russia when it
comes to these next Winter Olympic Games
coming up in just two months from now
now obviously it was a huge
disappointment for all of those sports
fans and athletes who have been
preparing for so long to be able to
compete in these Olympics under their
own flag and hear their anthem when they
win certainly these are very important
things for any athlete of course not
just Russian and of course it's been a
huge blow to those who have been looking
forward to that taking place now as
you've said obviously the latest is that
Russia has been banned so we will not be
seeing Team Russia perform at these
Olympics and this is actually the first
time when a country using its own flag
has been banned for doping reasons so
this is certainly something that's seen
as a very major step that's being
considered as an anti-russian one by the
athletes who have been watching closely
what the the decision would bring now
this is not the only sanction that was
imposed here effective immediately by
the IOC they've also said that Russia
has to pay a very hefty fine of 15
million u.s. dollars for these inquiries
that were carried out on the alleged
doping scandal that Russia now has to
pay for also we do know that it's been
announced that Russian officials from
the sports ministry will not be
credentialed for these upcoming games
also the minister of sports at the time
of the Sochi Olympics in 2014 as well as
his deputy will be excluded from any
participation in all future Olympic
Games the president of the Russian
Olympic Committee is going to be
suspended as an IOC member and all of
these factors taken into account it has
also been said that the IOC may
partially or fully lift the suspension
of the Russian Olympic Committee from
the commencement of the closing ceremony
these upcoming games provided these
decisions are fully respected and
implemented by Russia now of course we
have to be clear that throughout this
whole time Russia has denied these
allegations being made against it and
has been quite vocal about this seeing
this decision as something that would be
inadmissible in the days leading up to
this announcement but let's hear what
the president of the Russian Olympic
Committee had to say Russian athletes
will participate in the Olympics under a
neutral flag and without the national
anthem
but this restriction is valid only until
the last day of the games we still
believe that all restrictions on Russia
will be canceled on the final day so
that our athletes can march under a
Russian flag together with other teams
from the rest of the world still this
decision will be discussed further and
the final decision will take place later
the main point of my speech was that my
rivals during the Olympic Games will
have a chance to compete two times as
individuals and in a team but if Russia
isn't allowed to take part in team
competition every sportsman will have
just one chance to win the medal I think
that is not fair well given that these
Winter Olympic Games are just two months
from now we'll see how the events will
unravel moving forward but it's safe to
say that this announcement here in
Lausanne has been a huge blow for
athletes and sports fans in Russia but
we'll see what happens next
with still two months to go those
Russian athletes who receive a life
banned from the Olympics in the past a
few weeks shared their emotions with us
all saying that their dreams had had
been shattered
German experts minim um I moved a muscle
from Nigeria
more difficulty here is David Ragan you
smoke live show with a car that's caught
we need the cocaine ago
Marcus naked arena solutions two minutes
train yard and a biscuit figure
internationally project which is still
mr. biles as per to receive support in
fighting the prosperous condition
okay let's just
unless you need to support your silver
sister do any performance completely
irrelevant you no can do my snap before
a statistically score to get there but
is retarded every second Cornelia more
fear for anything at all
first illegal descriptions of alcal√°
who withdraw blood
bruger roberts of the malsu canisters
relishable
more moon joy selenium Boojum the ioc
reports though say that it is unclear
who might be behind possible doping
efforts they say there is no evidence
that the Russian government is
responsible nevertheless the independent
and impartial evidence do not allow the
IOC DC to establish with certitude
either who initiated or who headed this
scheme on many occasions reference was
made on the involvement at the minister
of sports level but no indication
independent or impartial evidence
appeared to corroborate any involvement
or knowledge at a higher level of the
state earlier we spoke to Alan Moore a
Russia based sports a specialist and
columnist he thinks demonizing Russia is
a profitable strategy for the IOC its
sport and as simple simply it there is
no fair play in sport I mean this level
the the simple truth is that in order to
compete at the highest level you have to
do something to stay there and when you
have a very well-paying job at the level
of mr. Bach Arnold's mr. Reedy and
Travis Tygart and so on they need to do
to kinda stay on on on top living and
you Russia is very useful to keep it's
very very unfair in Russia under doing
this there is of course a political
drive behind it the one other thing I
questioned that I have my mind is ok so
Russia's band and so on as Russia was
completely banned what next who else
will he go after like my money would go
nobody because they will want to keep
beating or should keep beating the drum
to say Russia's by brush is bad because
if Russia's the only bad one
then order our athletes are clean and
earnest my athletes from our under
cleaner artists new character een it's a
week we could sleep well at night
thinking oh we're OK the Russians of the
bad guys in the case
nor the cases that there's a lot of bad
guys everywhere and you know it's it's
just it won't change and there with this
it won't change even further now just a
reminder the International Olympic
Committee says Russian athletes can only
compete under a neutral flag they will
participate under the title Olympic
athlete from Russia with the country's
flag and symbols banned from the games
now next Tuesday Russian sports
officials are expected to hold a meeting
on how to react to that decision but
earlier President Putin said that the
neutrals option would be humiliating for
the country there are two options either
forcing russia to compete under a
neutral flag or not letting it go to the
olympics at all either as a humiliation
for the country Arty's ilya petrenko
earlier joining me in the studio for an
in-depth discussion of the IOC s move it
is going to be a very tough decision
that will depend of course on the
individual athletes but you may like it
or not it will also be influenced by the
Russian Olympic Committee which provided
the facilities which was in charge of
the training anyway if Russia chooses to
boycott the 2018 Winter Games that will
be a direct result of the ruling that
was announced by the IOC Executive Board
on Tuesday but the IOC probes as you
know have already resulted in the
lifetime bans of more than two dozen
Russian Winter Olympic athletes and we
understand that more could be coming up
and questions have been raised here in
Russia along the lines of why do a fleet
from other countries when they are
tested positive they get bans for a few
years and then they are allowed to
compete again whereas when it comes to
the Russian Olympians they are supposed
to be kept away from Winter Olympics for
good so you bring up these lifetime bans
has the IOC given any reason for these
specific life bans well the Russians are
being disqualified because of these
scratches on the doping test bottles and
also the excessive amounts of salt in
the clean doping test samples which
according to the IOC
human body simply cannot produce these
are the two key elements of the evidence
but are they enough to blame the
individuals for cheating while they may
have been unaware of this kind of
tampering is this enough to impose
lifetime bans and strip the clean
Russian Olympians of their right to
carry Russian flags during the Winter
Olympics the answer from most people
here in this country in Russia would be
no unlike the reaction from some of the
European Olympic officials I'm pleased
that the IOC has taken this decision it
is an important step in protecting the
integrity of sport and gives comfort to
our athletes that they are competing on
a level playing field it's a good day
for international sport a good day for
German sport alright so have we been
shown any visual proof of the IOC
conclusions about the scratches and ways
to open sample bottles that is the
question that also one Russian
journalist asked at the IOC Executive
Board press conference and the answer
from mr. Schmidt was you will be able to
read about it in the forensic reports a
figures flood trait because the analysis
examinations and the investigations are
still ongoing as far as the details in
the forensic reports and examinations I
certainly do not wish go into details
here and now I do not wish to divulge
too many of these details however the
fact remains that we can ascertain that
there has been there were manipulations
in tampering this brings us to concerns
here in Russia over the transparency and
also allowing the Russian side access to
these experiments and it has been said
many times that the athletes in the
first place but also the officials and
the fans that are sympathetic they are
also going through a lot of stress these
people are eager to see some visual
materials perhaps the investigators
could have organized a press conference
where they could show something and that
I guess sums up the concerns here in
Russia you Ilya were in South Korea
recently what do the people there make
of the Russian doping scandal and were
they expecting to see Team Russia I went
to Seoul which isn't the capital of the
Winter Olympics 2018 but it is the
capital of South Korea and many people
from there will go to Pyongyang and I
heard that they're against doping and
they want the rules to be enforced but
fairly and people told me that they will
miss Team Russia especially when there's
sports like ice hockey or figure skating
where a competition especially during
the Olympics simply cannot be imagined
without Team Russia so let's take a look
at how I spoke to locals in the streets
of Seoul South Korea first bid to become
the home of Winter Olympics almost 16
years ago in 2008 Pyeongchang lost to
Russia's Sochi
but South Koreans hung in there and
eventually did manage to make their
dream come true but at the handover
ceremony in Sochi who would have thought
that Russia a winter sports powerhouse
could end up missing out on the games in
four years no Russian flags in Korea in
two months would the locals miss them
have you heard about the Russian doping
scandal no
I don't care about it
yeah yeah I heard what do you think the
Winter Olympics would be like without
Russia it's like the National Sparkle
game without Spain or England it's not
really again when the biggest player is
not there anybody without kimchi rice
there's no excess I think it's unfair on
the athletes who having doped as well
we've and the people that's all Winter
Olympics but no Russia we do the to ban
a whole country that's some geopolitical
stuff going on there
Amelia petrenko and the South Korean
capital which is looking forward to the
country's first ever Winter Olympics
that will happen without Team Russia
