sports lawyer Lucian Valona thinks
Russia's doping scandal is highly
politicized I still trust in the way IOC
is dealing with these issues and I think
they will make a fair decision that
means no collective sanctions against
the Russian athletes I think there is a
political fight against Russia going on
worldwide not only in sport but in all
areas and we only can hope that IOC does
not fall into this trap of wada by
alleging new evidences without showing
them to the world and I think all this
makes clear that it is a political
attempt of water and that is the the bad
thing because wada is an institution
that should protect clean athletes and
what they are trying to do is is that
the opposite so far 25 Russian athletes
have been banned from participating in
IOC events after the Commission
examining their cases presented its
findings many of them have been stripped
of their medals toppling Russia from the
top of the Sochi 2014 medal table
Elia petrenko travelled to the host
country of the next Winter Olympics to
find out how locals there feel about
Russia potentially missing the games
South Korea first bid to become the home
of Winter Olympics almost 16 years ago
in 2008 Pyeongchang lost to Russia's
Sochi but South Koreans hung in there
and eventually did manage to make their
dream come true but at the handover
ceremony in Sochi who would have thought
that Russia a winter sports powerhouse
could end up missing out on the games in
four years
no Russian flags in Korea in two months
would the locals miss them
have you heard about the Russian doping
scandal no I I don't care about it this
Olympic yeah yeah I've never heard that
I don't like any sports I heard a is
some medicine yeah I don't know that is
true you need to kind of enforce these
rules what do you think the Winter
Olympics would be like without Russia
it's like the International stock whole
game without Spain or England it's not
really again when the biggest player is
not there anymore without kimchi rice
the success I think it's unfair only
athletes who haven't doped as well if
you've landed people that dog Winter
Olympics but no Russia we live by the
whole country that's some geopolitical
stuff go Emelianenko and the South
Korean capital which is looking forward
to the country's first Winter Olympics
that could happen without Team Russia
