supporters of the former president of
Georgia Mikhail Saakashvili have freedom
from police custody in the Ukrainian
capital Kiev second Sevilla had earlier
threatened to throw himself off the roof
of a residential building in which he
lives after police arrived to search his
apartment but his supporters managed to
release him from a security vehicle
during a protest against his arrest
here's the moment that Saakashvili was
removed from the roof by security
service officers a few days ago his
political movement held a major rally in
Kiev demanding the impeachment of
Ukraine's President poroshenko RT
correspondent medina cotta Nova has been
following events the Georgian politician
made quite a scene this Tuesday morning
in the center of the Ukrainian capital
now mikhail saakashvili ax was arrested
over charges of assisting criminals and
concealing their criminal activities
before that happened the politician
confined himself to the roof of the
building
reportedly threatening to jump off a
roof in protest
law enforcement officials broke the door
of his apartment and searched the flat
for evidence of course such a move
attracted hundreds of his supporters
that gathered outside of the building
and Consulate really was seen shouting
to the crowds
while emergency services were arriving
to the scene carrying a ladder and all
that was even transmitted live on
Ukrainian TV now police used tear gas
against the protesters really
interesting facts are taking place in
Ukraine these days when former best
friend of the current president is
really embroiled in the country's
politics Mikhail Saakashvili is known
for his quite a turbulent political
career he was a Georgian president for
nine years till 2013 back in 2008 he was
practically on the verge of a nervous
breakdown when he was filmed for the BBC
news report chewing his own tie he left
his a native country of Georgia he was
charged with corruption and abuse of
power as well as other multiple criminal
charges in 2015 Saakashvili gave up his
Georgian citizenship as he accepted an
offer to become the governor of the
Edessa region well that didn't last for
long and he resigned back in November
2016 and the following
year the president of Ukraine Petro
poroshenko personally removed his
citizenship well that happened when
Mikhail Saakashvili was not in Ukraine
so he tried to get back to the country
and he tried to cross the border this
September his supporters practically
carried him across the police line at
the Polish border
so while Mikhail Saakashvili is
appealing this decision in court right
now he remains to be a politician with
no valid citizenship with all that in
mind I got the thoughts earlier of
Martin McAuley he's a Russia analyst and
historian and he believes it's difficult
to take sacral he seriously given his
political legacy mr. Thakur's really
Mikhail Saakashvili he's like a
chameleon he changes every day
he changes opinions and so on and his
political career has been absolutely
astonishing because under the Communists
in in Georgia he came to the top as a
Democrat and somebody opposing communism
and corruption and so on he then became
president and he was the darling of the
West and the Americans thought that he
was a great guy and Georgia they were
talking about Georgia becoming a member
of NATO and so on and then came his very
foolish attack in 2008 and the war with
Russia which was really his nemesis the
Americans warned him not to do it but he
went ahead
he's very headstrong speeches he takes
his own opinion he takes his own counsel
and so on and then he played his cards
badly and he was then forced to leave
Georgia and sacked as president moved
into Ukraine
