the FBI has been threatened with legal
action after it was accused of having
information from lawmakers the US House
Intelligence Committee says the agency
needs to explain why it dropped a key
agent in the so called Russia
investigation from New York RT scaled
Maupin has come on commentary well the
US lawmakers on the House Intelligence
Committee want information from the FBI
and if they don't get it there could be
criminal charges for contempt now at
this point what the committee wants to
find out is why a top FBI investigator
who was looking into Trump and the
allegations of Russian collusion and
such they want to know why he was fired
now reports seem to indicate that he was
fired for an anti-trump and anti
Republican bias the committee has set
Monday as the day that they want to know
they want testimony and they want
answers from the FBI this is Devin Nunez
the chair of the House Intelligence
Committee explaining their frustration
by hiding from Congress and from the
American people documented political
bias by a key FBI head investigator for
both the Russian collusion probe and the
Clinton email investigation the FBI and
the DOJ engaged in a willful attempt to
thwart Congress's constitutional
oversight responsibilities so if
information is not provided with Monday
being the deadline
it appears that legal action could be
taken against the Department of Justice
and the FBI now Republicans are pointing
to Peters Strock and his possible bias
as proof that the investigation into
Russia and Donald Trump may be
politically motivated from the beginning
now in his usual style Donald Trump he
got on Twitter and he spoke up and was
highly critical of the FBI he said that
the reputation of the FBI is in tatters
he said that it's tainted he called the
FBI dishonest now the House and House
Intelligence Committee says that they
want answers from the Department of
Justice about why this top agent was
fired they want answers they want
information and if they don't get it
this will be going to court
