breaking news from Yemen to tell you
about first of all there are reports
that the house of a former president has
been blown up by Houthi rebel fighters
RT has obtained unverified footage
that's said to show Ali Abdullah Saleh's
a dead body but just to warn you that
this video is extremely graphic and it
might upset some viewers if you do watch
and I do apologize I wasn't able to warn
you before we started showing you that
video meanwhile the Yemeni interior
ministry controlled by Houthi rebels has
confirmed the death of the country's
former president Saleh made a public
break from the rebel fighters in a
speech on Saturday he'd been leading the
civil war in Yemen and had been allied
with the opposition militants let's go
live to soon are now we can talk again
to a journalist there Mohamed Al Attar
ma'am and welcome back to the program
again so we are getting more details
there's that unverified video that we
have but in this day and age of course
we still need to verify the facts of
this matter is there anything more that
you can tell us about the fate of the
former president Saleh so far according
to the forager that we we have received
it's the it confirms that the former
President Ali Abdullah Saleh has killed
but but so far the within the coming two
hours things will be will be clearer
where about his about what happened
really to sada
who has ruled Yemen for over 33 years
the the this these news has sent
shockwaves across the country especially
as many Yemenis believe that son was the
the man of the the period but so far
this situation is not clear the this
footage which has been circulated
throughout the media platforms confirmed
that the Salah was in his way out of the
capital sana some reports say that he
was on his way to marib province which
is under the control of Saudi Arabia and
also Miller forces loyal to the two
to legitimate president Abdul Abu
Mansour Hadi the Ansar Allah group has
already confirmed that here the we have
already defeated the Salish forces and
they have already taking the things into
their tune to their hands and the
capital Sana'a and the announced with
the death of the former president that
now the they have already defeated their
rivalry and the capital sana but so far
many analysts believe that the the the
situation and the conflict would it
would not stop by the death of the
former president as the the loyalists of
the former presidents would would
continue his march and especially as the
former president has his son in the
United Arab Emirates who used to lead
the Republican Guards the we believe
that the the Republican Guards were with
with would join ranks were and the fight
against the ansarullah fighters
especially from mehriban different areas
of the country it's a complicated
picture now the former president a
powerful figure even today even though
he was ousted from power several years
ago now things took a dramatic turn
though within the past week what
happened sorry Connie could you repeat
your question quickly things took a
dramatic turn within the past weeks a
lie still a very powerful figure and his
ally to the Houthis they're not and then
back again but things took a dramatic
change within the past week what went
wrong in that alliance I can't tell you
that the the former president Saleh Ali
Abdullah Saleh latest speech were during
which he called called for direct talks
with Saudi Arabia as he mentioned that
the the Parliament of the country is
there only under salt representative of
the Yemeni people that has angered the
the beyond Salalah who considered this
as a coup against their partnership in
their fight against Saudi Arabia this
sir since that
speech things went dramatic especially
after as the Soloff group when they
march the prophets of Islam's birthday
in the submarine the thing started to
take a dangerous turn
especially as the answer Allah
considered that the Ali Abdullah Saleh
has lied himself with Saudi Arabia he
described him I described this as a
betrayal for their partnership so the
they have taken these these clashes and
confrontations against the stylist
bodyguards on how and has also forces
but the things would not stop at this
mom at this point as the the the
conflict is could might widen and this
situation in Yemen is Israeli reached a
difficult situation as the the
humanitarian situation here in the
country has reached that dangerous
levels more than the 19 million Yemenis
are in in a in a dire need for for food
for food with the continuation of the
Saudi blockade of the airports and
seaports I'm sure now if this is a
verified incident then things are likely
to take a turn for the worst any time
will tell when we can find out further
details for now that Muhammad Ali tab
thank you very much for updating us from
Sanaa
