128 people have been detained after
protests on Capitol Hill in Washington
they had been demonstrating against
Trump's nominee for the US Supreme Court
Brett Kavanaugh who's facing allegations
of sexual misconduct the protesters are
calling for judge Cavanaugh's
appointment to America's highest court
to be blocked many were wearing t-shirts
and blazoned with slogans like be a hero
and we believed in women it comes ahead
of a 30 hearing before the Senate
Judiciary Committee on the allegations
against Brett Kavanaugh which he
strongly denies I'm not gonna wear false
accusations try boss this process and
we're looking for a fair process Brett
Kavanaugh is first accuser Christine
Blasi Ford says he sexually assaulted
her while they were at high school the
second at Deborah
Ramirez claims Cavanaugh exposed himself
to her at a Yale University party in the
1980s and a third is also expected to
come forward this week the allegations
of court have outraged other Democrats
who also want cover nas appointment to
be blocked this was attempted rape I
believe professor Ford judge Cavanaugh
has lied multiple times she doesn't
Kevin all have the same presumption of
innocence as anyone else in America his
credibility is already very questionable
in my mind and in the minds of a lot of
my fellow judiciary committee members
the the Democrats lying though well I
believe her let's put it that way
there's credibility to her story Donald
Trump has claimed the accusations
against his nominee are unsubstantiated
and politically motivated
people who come out of the woodwork from
36 years ago and 30 years ago never
mentioned it all of a sudden that
happens in my opinion it's totally
political totally so we put the story up
for debate why in the world are these
two women pleading with the FBI to get
involved
where's judge Cavanaugh it's like no
thanks I actually don't want the FBI
involved I mean ask yourself this is a
matter of common sense if somebody's
telling the truth and somebody is not
which person is the one asking for law
enforcement authorities whom if you lie
too
you can be prosecuted for a crime it's a
little misleading because it's not up to
Kavanaugh he's not saying no no no no
invent no FBI that could come that only
comes from the White House or the
Judiciary Committee so that's not
accurate number two there have been six
FBI investigations into Cavanaugh's
background six my goodness enough is
enough
listen the fact of the matter is Donald
Trump has had 17 women come out of the
woodwork saying that he sexually abused
them and he says all them are liars so
of course he's going to accuse him of
lying you know who else said they were
people were lying
Harvey Weinstein said all the women were
lying and Roger Ailes said all the women
were lying I mean people we now know
committed some pretty heinous stuff all
them said that women were lying too so
was that political all those women who
ultimately complained that they were
being harassed no they just wanted some
justice and that's all that Christine
Plaza Ford wants is some sense of
justice that's all the Senate has
questioned four witnesses that the first
accuser brought up his witnesses under
threat on the threat of perjury not one
of them collaborates her story and this
second accuser not one witness
cooperates her story further the New
York Times investigated for a week
this second accuser and her story and
they couldn't find one
person who knew what she was talking
about yet the Democrats are saying
guilty this is an outrage
everyone you know from the President on
down basically saying this woman is
making it up these women are making it
up it's political it didn't happen right
that's basically what he's saying is it
didn't happen and we know as a matter of
statistics what high percentage of women
are subject to some sort of sexual
assault or sexual harassment and every
single one of them most of whom like
Christine Blasi Ford did not talk about
it because they were embarrassed they
didn't want their family to know they
didn't want their friends to know this
was as they were the subject of this and
yet it was a source of embarrassment to
them basically what the president and
his cronies and Congress are saying is
you're lying
you've met you lied to your therapist
six years ago when you made this up why
in the world would she have done that
not knowing that Brett Kavanaugh was
going to be a knight Richard what era
paid well there are pissah notes the the
therapist the therapist notes show that
she claimed there were four witnesses in
the room she says oh no the therapist
took the notes wrong there were two so
give me a break with what she told the
therapist Cory Booker who is a senator a
Democrat from New Jersey who sits on the
Judiciary Committee in 1992 wrote an
article in a Stanford college newspaper
saying he groped a woman's breasts
against her wishes keith ellison who's
the assistant chair of the DNC and is
running for attorney general of
Minnesota was accused is accused by his
girlfriend of sexual abuse and nobody on
the Democratic side cares one bit
explain that returning this is what we
call what about ISM in other words if
you have something that you can't really
defend and say well what about this one
what and you know what I've been putting
four on the Supreme Court anytime soon
nobody nobody's putting keith ellison on
a nine person Supreme Court for the rest
of his life rendering the Supreme Court
america√≠s if witnesses and evidence that
we have not seen comes to light credible
evidence then I guess the president
would would withdraw the nomination and
we'll get another conservative in there
and then I'm sure the Democrats will put
out the call for more women but I don't
see that happening
you
