the government of Nisha has given
Washington permission to use drones in
anti-terror operations in the country
as according to multiple sources RTC a
ghost on earth breaks down what impact
that could have drones one of America's
best-loved warfare tactics is reportedly
coming to Africa's west coast Nisha
a potential new pin on the u.s. bombing
map as Washington pushes ahead with its
anti-extremist campaign on the continent
a leaked memo outlines the nuts and
bolts of the deal between the Pentagon
and Nazir calling for arming of the
surveillance drones operating from a
local airbase also an additional troops
deployment this operation supports the
long term strategic partnership between
the United States and Nigeria as well as
the ongoing effort to counter violent
extremism throughout the region all in
the name of the war on terror since 9/11
the Pentagon has been hell-bent on
dropping bombs from UAVs on Afghanistan
Yemen Pakistan Somalia the lineup goes
on really but for civilians in those
countries a distant buzz up in the sky
can be a death warrant in fact US drones
have slaughtered some one and a half
thousand civilians according to an
estimate by the Bureau of Investigative
Journalism and the figure shouldn't
really come as much of a surprise to
anyone who's seen what has been among
the drones targets
the same unit which would be in charge
of Nazir drone operations is standing
accused of killing 10 civilians in
Somalia at this summer something the
u.s. Africa Command has denied now that
the u.s. is apparently planning to open
a new front in its drone war this could
also mean more work for the Pentagon's
PR machine
Igor's Donovan RT a month ago the death
of four US soldiers in an ambush in Asia
revealed America's military presence in
the country something even senior US
politicians seemed unaware of American
troops were deployed under the Obama
administration to help Nigerian forces
fight local terror cells African affairs
analyst Lawrence Freeman says that West
African countries can be put under a lot
of pressure by various Western partners
it's probably less than a thousand
troops in this year and this will now
significantly increase that over a
thousand this is the first time now that
arm Jones will be flying so this is a
big problem for the nazir government and
for West Africa and for all of Africa is
now allowing the United States to carry
out these kinds of military attacks this
strategy will not work it's not gonna be
successful without a larger strategic
picture and the African countries now
are being pressured by the West and the
Trump administration to allow these
armed drones and other military buildup
and I'm sure it's going to cause them
many many internal problems and it will
not solve the problem of terrorism
