a former Croatian general who fought in
Bosnia has died after taking poison @au
kozlov war crimes tribunal at the hague
as the verdict was being read out at an
appeal hearing he unexpectedly produced
a small bottle and drank from it right
in front of the judge stop please please
sit down I have taken poison Slobodan
prale Yaak was a general of Croatian
forces during the Yugoslav wars he was
convicted of war crimes and sentenced to
20 years before the war pralli AK was a
theatre and film director and writer the
Yugoslavia deist conflicts in European
history since the Second World War
tensions between a complex mix of
nationalities forming the state of
Yugoslavia erupted into a bitter civil
war originally Yugoslavia include his
six Republic's with different
nationalities and religious groups
the Communist revolutionary and
statesman Tito who established the
Federal Republic of Yugoslavia managed
to suppress nationalism Bert after his
death in the 1980s relations among the
Republic's quickly deteriorated with
each of them seeking their own
independence is soon turned ugly on all
sides the 1995 genocide in Srebrenica is
one of the bloodiest pages in Yugoslavia
stirry the massacre of more than 8,000
Muslim Bosniaks perpetrated by units of
the Bosnian Serb army resulted in their
commander Ratko Mladic being jailed for
life by the UN Special Court in November
2017 but atrocities happened on all
sides in 1993 69 Serbian civilians were
killed by Bosnia and Herzegovina Army
forces in the Scolari massacre with an
Orthodox Church in a cemetery burned to
the ground
overall despite much evidence of war
crimes conducted simultaneously by
different forces the CIA eventually
declared Serb militants were responsible
for 90% of all crimes including genocide
tonight
NATO goes into action against Yugoslavia
it is indeed tragic that diplomacy has
failed NATO is now intervening in a war
in a sovereign country
an eventual NATO air campaign conducted
a number of operations to undermine the
military capability of the Bosnian Serb
army to this day the UN Special Court is
still investigating war crime cases from
the conflict
now since the tribunal was launched a
total of 161 people have been indicted
for war crimes in the former Yugoslavia
despite the fact that atrocities were
committed by all sides a majority of
those defendants over 60% in fact are
Serb others are Croat bosniak Albanian
and Macedonian now in light of the
unequal weightings across different
ethnic groups critics have slammed the
tribunal as unbalanced some of the
rulings of the tribunal have been
criticized as politically motivated and
on top of that several people have died
while being on trial with questions
raised over the circumstances of their
deaths also the trials have dragged on
for years in some cases even decades
political analyst john Boozman doubts
that anyone can get a fair sentence at
the hague when we talk about the whole
war itself
the United States government tried to
force the Croats and the Muslims to
become allies of course they did not
want to be allies they fought each other
but whenever the Muslims and the Croats
fought each other America sided with the
Muslims and you'll see that this
Croatian general is one of the victims
of America's policy of Muslims first
everybody else later nobody got a fair
trial
neither the Serbs nor the Croats nor the
Muslims and some people took their lives
into their own hands rather than become
puppet players in a play scripted
directed and run from Washington so they
could cut this region up and colonize it
