hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report I'm preparing my initial coin
offering of the ICO for a new crypto
sensation Max's Fisher mattock you know
so many bankers are jumping off
buildings and jumping off piers
now that the fiat world is being crushed
by crypto so if max is Fisher Matic you
can fish with these dead bankers I use
patented dead bait get a good look at
this dead bait right here and you can go
fish for dead bankers ICL I think will
probably raise 150 or 250 million
dollars for this Stacey I'm giving you
pre ICO
coins at an 89 percent discount what do
you think why 89 percent oh I have to
share some with Brock and this is the
deal he negotiated with well I have a
headline here and it doesn't have
anything to do with your ICO but it has
to do with that dead banking system
based on debt debt debt and too much
debt and this is the only thing you have
the only way to wealth is through debt
and I'll tell you why because it's time
to call the housing crisis what it
really is the largest transfer of wealth
in living memory this is from open
democracy dotnet and they're looking at
the data that the ONS the Office for
National Statistics in the United
Kingdom released recently and what they
found is the Office of National
Statistics released new data tracking
how wealth has evolved over time on
paper the UK has indeed become much
wealthier in recent decades net wealth
has more than tripled since 1995
increasing by over seven trillion pounds
this is the equivalent to an average
increase of nearly 100 thousand pounds
per person impressive stuff but where
has all the wealth come from and who has
it benefited just over five trillion of
that seven trillion pounds and increased
wealth since 1995 or three-quarters of
the total increase is accounted for by
an increase in the value of dwellings
another name for UK housing stock yes
it's a wealth transfer mechanism enabled
by the Bank of England and other central
banks around the world how does that
work well households in order to have a
quotient at all would be engaged in
something called savings what the result
of having a wage that was war than their
costs but because of the scandalous
crash in the banking system and the
response from central bank's to bail out
the creditors by bringing interest rates
to zero we had this magical wealth
transference for anyone who had savings
got wiped out anyone with a job got
wiped out anyone with a house or an
asset or a stock or a bond was given
hundreds of billions a trillion pounds
in free money as long as they kept the
current status quo in place and voted
for stupid things like breaks it and
that's what happened so the other
interesting thing about this ons data is
that for the first time they actually
stripped out the data for land value and
dwelling value and this is the
remarkable thing that they have done
because this is a way to put into
context what is actually the national
wealth the land value and what is the
housing stock so it's actually the land
value that is increasing you can see
that UK now this is their chart and the
big most valuable bit is the land value
has increased in just two decades the
market value of land has quadrupled
increasing recorded wealth by over four
trillion pounds the so remember and
since 1995 wealth has increased by seven
trillion pounds so four trillion of it
is just land value the driving force
behind rising prices and the UK's
growing wealth has been rapidly
escalating land prices and those are
it's concentrated in two or three areas
and pretty much one area and that would
be if you let Qatari Prince's buy
buildings in London for multi hundred
billion trillion pounds then yeah the
value of that land goes up
commensurately but without it being
shared amongst the population at large
so should you let foreign dictators
influence your elections as foreign
countries influence the elections of
Britain they let foreign influence
change your economy as Britain allows
foreign money to change their economy is
Britain basically a vassal state of
Qatar yeah do you want that to change
well if you're not part of the
princeling class or an aristocrat of
course you do
have agency in Britain no you don't
because you're so you know here back to
this article here about the data about
the national wealth in the United
Kingdom
of course Adam Smith who was originally
from Scotland you know he always he
advocated for a land value tax instead
with the United Kingdom has is
consumption taxes but also wealth income
taxes and that is considering that jobs
are more and more precarious there are
fewer and fewer people actually working
because so many people have this rising
asset price so they don't need to work
in fact they break down that data here
for those who own property this increase
in land values has provided enormous
benefits according to the resolution
foundation homeowners born in the 1940s
and 50s gained an unearned windfall of
eighty thousand pounds between 1993 and
2014 alone and the early 2000s house
price growth was so great that seventeen
percent of working-age adults earned
more from their house than from their
job so remarkable miss allocation of
resources and wealth right so if you're
in London and you tie your mortgage to
your bank account then you have the
magical money tree because the value of
the house or the apartment of the flat
in London goes up by eight hundred
pounds a day and the cost of servicing
that debt or the cost of maintaining
that at the bank is five pounds so
you're making net over you know seven
hundred ninety pounds a day by sitting
there and doing absolutely nothing and
that money is given to dead money it's
dead as dead as that beat it could be
part of this ICO you can put this dead
money into the ice Yaser kudu have
increased the value of this ICO it
started at just a hundred and fifty
million dollars but I reckon now we
could raise 300 million we just add some
flats from London and now it's worth
three hundred million pounds we add the
mortgages or the land value on paper
because of course this as the headline
points out it's just redistribution of
wealth it's not new wealth you're not
adding wealth
you're just redistributing wealth that
seven trillion is a four trillion
dollars that was transferred to land
value could
been put into productive businesses or
industry or creating new wealth Adam I'm
dead baked Rick can you see the wire
this is wealth creation this is wealth
creation we've collateral we could go to
Goldman Sachs right now and
collateralize this dead bait and for
like a billion dollar dead bait
collateralized bond offering and then
put that into crypto and then buy China
so you know speaking of taxes and trade
and all the sort of stuff the NAFTA you
know the fifth round of those NAFTA
talks those renegotiation talks are
happening and you know even mexico's
trade minister is saying basically it
looks like it could be dead so here's a
headline from wolf street talking about
what that will mean for Mexico because
NAFTA remember the the promise of NAFTA
when that was a signed back in the early
90s is that it would increase wages of
the average Mexican worker rise it up to
American worker levels and that it would
be a leveling of the playing field in
fact I'm going to cut ahead to this
chart from also from Wolf Street and
what it shows is that the average hourly
labor cost for auto workers around the
world Germany being the number one
$26.25 u.s. number two at 2383
Canada Spain Japan South Korea Brazil
China Mexico so Mexico Mexican workers
make on average Auto Workers three
dollars and twenty-nine cents an hour
versus China which is $5.99 so that
never happened
but if NAFTA if they lose NAFTA this
sort of bet on low-wage low-income sort
of working manufacturing as the the only
NAFTA outlet for Mexico they could lose
big time uncertainty hits American
farmers and Mexican consumers so the
biggest problem for Mexico's economy is
the sheer scale of its dependence on
trade with the US eighty-one percent of
his exports go to the US and about half
of its imports come from there so Mexico
is deeply integrated into the u.s.
supply chain but more importantly is the
basic food staples things like corn
which is a
mieze it's you it's a Mexican product
and it's now they import so much of it
in the last 22 years since NAFTA was
launched Mexico has become unhealthily
dependent on heavily subsidized food
imports from the US the UN Food and
Agriculture Organization FAO estimates
that the threshold at which a country
becomes what it calls food vulnerable is
when as much as 25% of his food supply
comes from abroad in 2016 Mexico
imported 46 percent of all its food and
imported about 37 percent of his food
from the US or some 17 billion dollars
autocracy versus entropy autocracy would
be the medieval kings ruling over us
before the Enlightenment and the idea of
market economies and democracy entropy
is obviously the nature of the universe
spinning out in out of control
seeking chaos and driving a fine line
between these two is a civilized society
Mexico and enough to deal is entropy
you're allowing things to spin out of
control to be the lowest common
denominator and now you've got Mexicans
having to buy subsidized corn from
America and that same subsidized corn
from America by the way he's making
America obese and a nation of fat
yucky pigs right ok well that's true
obesity ok so that's okay well is in
Germany Germany is saying you know what
we believe we can manage our society in
such a way remember I think there's
before World War one
80% of all technical texts in the world
were written in German they are the
precision engineering in art autarky
they know how to run a society so
they're of course they're making sense
out of all this because they recognize
that good design is worthwhile vs. the
US which is like you know what I believe
in anarcho-capitalism we're just gonna
let frickin chaos reign and look what
happens it's total dirt oh well by the
way you know you have your little IC
o---- happening yes here's another way
to add another 150 million right now so
it started a hundred and fifty million
now it's 300 million now here's a way to
increase it to four hundred five
fifty million dollars value because of
course we're saying that their food
vulnerable in Mexico of course the
notion is you give a man a fish and he
eats that day but you give a man you
teach that man how to fish you teach
that nation had a fish and then they can
build wealth and feed themselves for
their lifetimes that's right that's a
quote from Satoshi Nakamoto and the
white paper he he said that and he said
stuff about love and the Romans are no
good
well just so you know I want to give a
little bit of the details in the last
minute here about how much Mexico
imports from the United States and some
details it buys a third of the corn it
consumes from the US or some two point
three billion last year between thirty
to fifty percent of its beans and up to
80 percent of his rice eighty percent of
the rice from in Mexico comes from the
ASA's you would think the climate there
is better I would that's what I would
have thought I don't know I guess
technique to force another country to
buy subsidized goods it's a occupation
and it's like what our first headline is
a redistribution of wealth it wasn't any
generating new wealth or new sort of
industry or efficiency or anything like
that it was just a redistribution of
wealth
exactly all right well that's very
interesting it details about the dead
fish max fishy ICO are available at max
e fishy ICO net slash comb dot
intergalactic sphere if you want to find
hey we got to take a break stay tuned
we'll be back right after this
welcome back to the kaisers report I'm
Max Keiser time now to talk with Charles
Hugh Smith his website is called of two
minds.com
Charles welcome back Thank You max
always a pleasure to be on the program
all right you know you talk about the
Republican tax plan or you call it the
fetid swamp of tax reform
why so feted well max I think that the
reason why it's so fetid is it's a
political swamp in other words we talk
about taxes as an economic issue and
they are but really all the all the
dirty work is is political of political
favors being bought and sold and being
expressed in lower taxes on billionaires
it doesn't seem to translate into
anything that would be a sustainable
economic model to simply slash taxes
without the context of having a viable
economy but nobody seems to care much
about it because they want to be part of
the stock market and of course if you
change anything
stock markets gonna go down because it's
built entirely on scandalous under it
fraud and stop you made people you know
you're you're it's bribing them with
stock prices Charles yeah everything's
good because stock prices keep going up
but yeah well taxes taxes matter to
those of us who pay them people who say
that oh the top X percent pays most of
the taxes but that's only on reported
income we know that of the top one or
two percent most of their income is
unreported and that creates a twenty to
thirty trillion dollar slush fund held
offshore that's not taxed but it is a
way to finance speculative bubbles and
stuff that these people own like chalets
in Aspen or fine art from friends so
they've created a parallel economy built
on fraud easy money no accountability
whether there's a tax plan to tweak the
tax code one way or another they're not
going to change the in just the job
market at all the trend of shipping all
the jobs overseas particularly to China
has already it's already done you know
that that horse has left the barn
there's
never coming back from that would you
agree with that Charles yeah absolutely
max and and you know what's it what's
interesting in the tax debate or
so-called reform is the way it is now
most of the tax the income tax is paid
by the wealthy but not the billionaire
class the people who are making a
quarter million dollars three hundred
thousand you know small business
entrepreneurs professional class
technocrats these people don't have
lobbying power in Congress you know if
you make 300 grand you're gonna pay a
lot of tax because you don't have 300
grand to give your favorite Congress
person to get up to buy a tax break yeah
I think we need to be clear that 250 300
thousand dollars a year is not wealthy
when you're competing with people making
30 40 50 60 million dollars a year like
the head of a health care industry who's
pushing heroin in turning millions of
people into drug addicts and killing
people these the genocide all maniac
being paying sixty million dollars a
year now you outline the for distasteful
realities of taxes in the US what are
they well number one is that we have a
political action system not a
representational democracy right in
other words the only votes that count
are the votes that wealth casts and of
course those votes are cast in favor of
whatever the wealthy want in terms of
tax benefits the second one is that you
know that the technocrat professional
class we're talking about pay most of
the taxes so if you're gonna cut taxes
well guess what those tax cuts go to the
wealthy because they're the ones who are
paying most of the tax so that's a
that's a dead end to say we're gonna cut
taxes the other thing is that the tax
benefits are just auctioned off you know
like in what happens is some wealthy
corporation or financier gives a huge
donation and then buried in the 2700
pages of the Congressional tax code
there's a special tax break or subsidy
for them so and that's hidden inside
this huge nest of complexity and then
the fourth thing is that this complexity
imposes a
huge tax on the rest of us you know
never mind what the tax rate is where
there's 25 percent or 15 percent we're
all paying hundreds of billions of
dollars in accounting and compliance
fees trying to track all this stuff so
if we got rid of the 2700 pages we'd all
get a tax break simply because we didn't
have to pay all the the recording and
tax preparation fees so the amount of
lost productivity from running a massive
bureaucracy I've said on occasion that
America and Russia are two ships passing
in the night
Russia is trying to move away from the
bureaucracy of communism toward a more
entrepreneurial country and America
seems to be heading in the opposite
direction they want to bring in a
soviet-style bureaucracy swart
innovation thou'rt entrepreneurialism
keep people paying exorbitant amounts
for a bureaucratic gatekeeping and is
that a fair characterization what do you
think
although the wealthy and all nations
have the same as you say the same
offshore wealth in other words they're
not paying taxes in in Russia Britain
the US or China
everybody's got their wealth at the
billionaire class protected from paying
taxes right so you're in Hawaii and I
must ask a bit of a make a bit of a
digression is it true that one of the
staples of the Hawaiian diet is spam
spam in a can like we have from in
America oh absolutely that's that was
that was a favorite food because in the
1920s and 30s in the plantation economy
that's what that's a form of meat that
could be transported over months and
still you know be good to eat so it's
the I believe the US military introduced
spam to the island of Hawaii and it's
become a staple ever since and it's huge
huge demand for spam in Hawaii but
you're a bit of a gourmand a gourmet
someone who grows their own food I would
imagine you stay away from the spam and
you're more into some natural foods what
do you have over there well we have
coconut trees so we can you know shuck
the coconut and get
and then there's a lot of fruit you know
mangos and bananas and stuff like
breadfruit and taro so and a lot of fish
so yeah spam is a guilty pleasure all
right fair enough so let's say is we're
gonna flash-forward and Charles Smith is
now running the world running the
perhaps running the United States what
would you think about in terms of real
tax reform what would it look like under
trial Steve Smith what I would do is I'd
get rid of the whole income tax thing
and I'd get rid of the whole payroll tax
which is the Medicare and Social
Security tax that all of us who are in
wages pay and 80% of us pay more tax in
in payroll tax than we do in income tax
myself included so get rid of the
existing taxes and then have two new
taxes one is a transaction tax which
would be a small fee on every
transaction and now this isn't a sales
tax it would be a transaction tax which
means everybody that bought and sold a
stock like a high-frequency trade then
they'd have to pay a transaction tax on
that and every financial transaction
within the banking sector and within
finance your class would also be taxed
that's a lot different than just a sales
tax at the dollar store so we would all
be paying a little tax at the dollar
store but we'd be skimming a huge amount
of taxes from the financial sector
because right now all of their
transactions are tax-free the second
part of it would be to put a tax like we
do on property taxes you know you never
never mind where you are or what your
nationality is or you still have to pay
your property tax if you own land in
America right so why don't we just do
that for all wealth if you have a
hundred million dollars of US stocks and
bonds then you should pay on that and so
then this would get rid of the whole tax
evasion offshore wealth scam because
that's all about income if you own if
you own any assets in the US then you
pay your fair share that would be one
way to get to the billionaire class what
you're describing there it's similar to
taupe
tax that's been described before I you
know it's very interesting Charles that
during the forex market rigging scandal
it was discovered that the traders were
tacking on 1% to trades and essentially
absconded with that money and it was
never noticed in other words if he were
to put a 1% fee on to these transactions
nobody's really going to notice who are
doing the transactions that are
interbank transactions they simply
absorb that cost and it would be
completely unnoticed and yet it would
generate hundreds of billions if not a
trillion dollars worth of Revenue I
often thought here's another idea that
the American Social Security system
would have an additional input of
capital by simply putting a 1% tax on
every single security issued on Wall
Street whether it's a stock a bond a
derivative
you took 1% you stick it into Social
Security this way those who are not
participating in let's say the stock
market directly they're not being left
out of the of the American economy
because in their Social Security pot
they have representation so it's no with
that representation there's no taxation
we're familiar with that but it should
be that if there's an allegiance to the
American flag if I'm going to put my
hand over my heart and sing the national
anthem I should be getting a percentage
of the output of America which is the
financialized
output of America since there's no
manufacturing output of America your
thought bring an idea max because no
one's going to try to hire a thousand
attorneys to escape a 1% fee it's just
not worth it so you know as compared to
like a thirty five percent tax rate well
then yeah it makes go ahead you're
motivating corporations and finance ears
to find
tax havens so at a 1% as you say it's
not worth escaping its it's like
friction to the wealthy and yet it would
benefit everybody right exactly it's a
de minimis unnoticeable bitna friction
and it would mean nothing to them and
I'm think that if you allow Americans to
be vested in America there would be less
social unrest there would be less risk
of social cohesion problems as the
Economist magazine
would call it there would be less
violence on the street because now
you're letting Americans participate in
America instead of being bystanders and
just watching the class of billionaires
of which they get no benefits other than
cheap stuff at Walmart but they're not
actually vested in the country Americans
have a curious what you're thinking
about this but Americans have been
divested from their own country and
there's this is setting up an enormous
problem your thoughts I think that's an
excellent summary in fact I'm gonna
write that phrase down and and borrow it
for the my next essay because yeah we've
been divested so no wonder we're angry
I'm not sure why Donald Trump who's a
business person you know maybe he
understands this point maybe he doesn't
understand this point his approach to
the China relationship is to try to do
more deals but it seems like what he's
trying to communicate to the American
people is looked America is moving from
a first world country to a second world
country we need to manage that
transition to make it as pain free as
possible but it's definitely unavoidable
and that message should I think
ring-ring honks you know should bring
bells that if America unless they're
want to become a second world country
they they should do something right what
would be a good first step is to just
shred all 2700 pages of all these tax
breaks and subsidies for the super
wealthy and just have like a twenty page
tax code that as you say Institute's a
very small fee on all transactions and
all financialized transactions
especially and that would be a huge step
forward all right Charlie Smith thanks
for being on the cosna report
thank you very much max always my
pleasure and that's gonna do it for this
edition of the Kaiser report with me max
guys aren't Stacie ever I'd like to
thank our guest Charles Hughes Smith his
website is called of two minds.com if
you want to catch us on twitter it's
Kaiser report till next time bye y'all
