now to the US where Russia hysteria has
hit a new low after a liberal comedian
was issued with a subpoena to testify
before Congress Randi Craddock Oh is a
comedian and vocal critic of u.s.
foreign policy he also spent years in
Texas trying to draw national attention
to racially charged drug arrests there
and recently he interviewed WikiLeaks co
founder Julian Assange on his radio
program to remind you Assange was
accused of links to Russia after
WikiLeaks published Democratic Party
emails ahead of the u.s. presidential
election and this is what the interview
resulted in a letter from the US House
Intelligence Committee asking the
comedian to participate in what it
called a voluntary transcribed interview
at the committee's offices he decided
not to go but was issued with a subpoena
artis Keller Maupin spoke to one of the
more unlikely victims of the Russia
hysteria well you don't have to be a
Washington DC bigwig to get called
before the House Intelligence Committee
in relation to their Russia
investigation recently comedian and
social justice activist Randy credit Co
received a letter inviting him to
participate in a voluntary transcribed
interview the reason given is credit
goes alleged friendship with WikiLeaks
founder Julian Assange Crego refused so
now he'll have to appear before the
committee or else he'll then have to go
to jail so we decided to talk to credit
Co and get his side of the story they're
going after me why because of my
connection to Julian Assange I have been
you know interviewing him for the last
year year and a half I've had him on my
show I've been in the embassy and this
is just another way of keeping this
phony Russia gate inquiry alive they
could cite you for contempt for not
testifying and I would still rely on the
first men protection and then have a
challenge it they can put me in a jail
cell but I certainly am NOT going to
comply with this witch hunt with this
modern-day McCarthyism because that's
all it is they don't want the people to
see what we have done in Libya what we
have done in Syria what we have done in
Palestine all
stuff they want to keep suppressed from
the public I want to know about it why
can't I know about it in Assange is
probably the most gifted person as a
journalist to get that stuff out they
want a quiet Assange and any kind of
connection with him could get you with
them you know and they you know they're
gonna bring more people in and try to
keep this thing going
but interrogating everyone who knows
Julian Assange may not be as easy as it
sounds among those who know him are not
just lawyers and activists but also
quite a few celebrities
right now we're in a situation in which
we have literal civil rights activists
opponents to the horrific drug war being
subpoenaed and interrogate interrogated
by Congress because they happen to know
in a transparent transparency advocate a
world hero somebody who's really brought
the light of truth to so many of the
horrible things that governments have
been doing the idea that a civil rights
activist is being brought up under and
basically congressional interrogation
because he's associated with a hero is
absurd it really shows how far we've
slipped away from the actual normal true
meaning of justice this kind of behavior
is unamerican in the extreme it is the
opposition of freedom it is everything
that we don't want to see in our leaders
