the US could have more forces in Syria
and Iraq than it admits that's according
to data provided by the US defense
manpower data center its latest report
suggests there are almost two thousand
US soldiers in Syria while the official
figure is just over five hundred and
four Iraq the number provided by the
manpower data center in more than three
is more than three thousand higher than
the Pentagon's
however their Pentagon itself says the
numbers provided in the report were
initial estimates for Syria and Iraq
including short-term deployments and the
rotation of the troops well let's
discuss this further now let's cross
live to our guest middle east analyst
ali risk thank you for joining us on the
program mr. risk now what can explain
this discrepancy in the numbers well I
think maybe you know it's well quite
possible that the official numbers or
the real numbers sorry are higher than
the official numbers which are given by
the US officials you have to bear in
mind that before the killing of four US
troops in Nigeria
many people didn't know even probably
the most of the world didn't know that
the u.s. actually had troops in that
country so bearing that in mind one
wouldn't be surprised to know that the
real numbers of US troops in Iraq in
Syria elsewhere in the Middle East would
be higher given the fact that you know
this US troop presence in Africa Nigeria
and elsewhere in the African continent
wasn't known what also maybe could do
make it quite possible that the real
numbers are higher than what is being
announced is the fact that you have the
generals many of the trunk
many of presidents Trump's closest
associates so you know the members of
his cabinet they are military men
general McMaster and General James
mattis James Kelly etc and so they would
be more prone to send a high number of
military personnel abroad at the same
time the US public
probably wouldn't receive that kind of
deployment very well what probably
raised its objections which would
require from the Trump administration
turn to maybe hide these facts and to
increase troop presence without actually
announcing it so for these factors it
could be quite possible that we in do
indeed do have larger numbers than what
is being heard about right and this
wouldn't be the first time the US has
been unclear about its troop numbers in
Iraq and Syria would it let's just
remind ourselves of a previous soundbite
we have a approximately 55,000 Syrian or
5,000 I'm sorry it's I think it's a
little over 4,000 US troops in Syria
right now that are supporting efforts in
against the dice in supporting the SDF
that was a Major General James Jared
they're getting a little confused and
why does the Pentagon apparently once
they give the impression that it has
fewer troops than it really does in the
region well as I said I think it's were
related to what I would call the post
Iraq war and have Bernie War Syndrome
it's similar than the situation we had
in the aftermath or of the war on
Vietnam the American war in Vietnam the
same thing you know the American public
is exhausted it's against any increase
in troop presence and so I think that
the Pentagon is very intent on keeping
this message that it has a low level of
troop presence in order not to in order
not to lead to an outburst or an outcry
from the American public which as I said
is very war weary and would be very much
or very much object to submit increased
American presence so this is the current
state of the you know American public so
I think it's mostly related to the
American public and the fact that it's
exhausted with these wars at the same
time we do have generals a lot of
generals who want to increase or who
want to
we would be more prone to pursuing
military solutions or having a military
buildup in the foreign countries mmm I
say say well what about
I mean we're nearing hopefully nearing
the end of the the end of Islamic state
in Syria and Iraq when the battle
against the terror group is over do you
expect the u.s. to leave a certain
number of troops in these two countries
yes I do
and in fact Secretary of Defense James
matters say even said that very clearly
he said that after Isis is defeated that
doesn't mean we go in to pack and leave
he need said we won't pack and leave
after Isis is defeated so America will
maintain its presence I think that you
know there's a clear there are voices I
would say inside the administration
including matters himself and some
others who basically say that the US
can't leave Syria under quote/unquote
Russian Iranian prisons because that
would mean that the US has lost the game
to Russia and to Iran and so if you take
that mindset of some American officials
into consideration it is indeed very
far-fetched that America will pack and
leave as mattis said after Isis is
defeated maybe Trump himself personally
would like to do that but I doubt that
he'll be able to confront the pressures
from the establishment and particularly
from his military advisors like mattis
and like McMaster
