less than a month to go until Christmas
European cities are starting to dress up
for the festive occasion but with the
threat of terror high across the holiday
season authorities are coming up with
creative ways to maintain a heightened
security without spreading panic as
Polly Boyko explains festive trees
aren't the only thing being installed in
the run-up to Christmas on the streets
of Britain you're likely to see
decorations Christmas markets and an
extra dose of concrete new security
measures are being put in place at
festive markets across the country and
steel barriers like these around
London's winter wonderland are intended
to protect pedestrians from ISIL style
truck attacks for anyone put off by all
the steel and concrete this could be the
answer
authorities in the city of Hull have
come up with this novel way of dressing
up their anti-terror crash barriers
London's Metropolitan Police have said
that this year the public may see
additional protective measures and
security checks at festive events around
the capital and it's not just rings of
steel and concrete permanent bollards
like these have become commonplace they
prevent cars and trucks from entering
pedestrian zones and you feel a bit more
safer seeing the police and knowing that
they're on top of it ok so the extra
security visibly makes you feel better
yeah definitely definitely yeah you know
we just expect more security everywhere
now it's just because that's just
unfortunately the way of the world after
the deadly terror attacks this year many
in the UK are feeling vulnerable last
week a security alert at London's Oxford
Circus tube station triggered mass panic
nine people were injured when crowds ran
to escape what they believed to be
gunshots after a security lockdown
the incident turned out to be a false
alarm as well as an illustration of just
how nervous many are feeling this
festive season Polly Boyko RT London
and it's not just in Britain but all
across Europe authorities are seeking to
secure locals and tourists visiting
Christmas markets concrete blocks have
been installed in Berlin Munich Budapest
and other cities as Europe steps up
security over the festive period an
ominous picture has spread online of an
Islamic state fighters holding a knife
with the caption soon on your holidays
written in English French and German our
guest told us messages like this one
show that ISIL is on the backfoot we
have witnessed the use of media by
terrorists in order to prove their
presence and to prove their higher edge
over their foes and that's why I believe
that based on these reports these
precautions were taken by Western
governments fighting terror directed
against civilians it's a very hard task
because actually the terrorists are
targeting a soft part of the society
Treece terrorists know very well that no
government can ensure safety and
security for each and every individual
and they know that they by targeting
civilians they can spread panic so the
fight against terrorism I believe that
it's a long struggle
it's a multi-level struggle
