now the u.s. and South Korea will be
conducting a major joint military
exercise near the North Korean border
next week
Russia's voiced concerns over the drills
which will involve around 12,000
American soldiers in the Petrenko is in
Seoul with the latest on the tensions
what has been Donald Trump's approach to
sorting out the North Korea crisis in a
nutshell all options remain on the table
second option not a preferred option
they will be met with fire and fury do
not underestimate us and do not try us
the distance from here to the border
with North Korea is only about 40
kilometers and once you end up in Seoul
which is well in the firing range of
Kim's artillery you can't help looking
at that rhetoric from a different
perspective especially if there is what
you'd call a totally different approach
I took like you would there's absolutely
no alternative to dialogue but in order
to start that dialogue everyone has to
stop take a deep breath and a step back
from the red line which were almost at
so why can we hope that the only option
according to Moscow will prevail
well the South Korean capital is hosting
a Russian Val discussion club conference
where local officials and experts have
gathered to hear what the Russian
diplomats and researchers have come up
with so Russia's been saying hey we've
got a plan step one North Korea should
completely hold its missile and nuclear
tests for the u.s. that means and ends
to almost non-stop war games with Seoul
Moscow calls it a double freeze step two
might be very tough direct talks between
Washington and Pyongyang on rules of
peaceful coexistence and finally they
should lead to step three establishing a
security framework for the entire region
with every player involved doors are
closed for the main session and one of
the South Korean officials who's taken
part is the president's advisor for
foreign policy
what do you think about the Russian
roadmap I think that the proposal is
very realistic flexible I hope and the
occasional pension Winter Olympic all
the police concerned between
particularly between north and south
would you know come up with a more self
restraining behavior but do you think
it's enough in this case of course not
enough in a tissue to be some new
initiative to create and sustain peace
and the Korean Peninsula
Donald Trump keeps saying that all
options are on the table North Korean
knew that the military option is always
on the table therefore by putting the
military option on the and on the table
it's not likely changing North Korean
behavior how's the adviser of the South
Korean president what do you tell them
about the drills yeah I'm personally in
a favor engagement dialogue and
negotiation with North Korea and some
people in the government may have
different ideas that brings us to why
the Russian roadmap may never actually
work Tong anyone Jamie I think most
Korean politicians believe the drills
must be pursued for our defense for now
we're not canceling us Korean exercises
we just want to postpone them for the
Olympics others openly reject Moskos
plan like the neighbors in Tokyo who
simply can't imagine security without
the drills with their allies so for now
South Koreans have no other choice but
to welcome us Raptors in cope for the
vigilance ace war games
oh that's just in a few days anyway for
those who live in Seoul or who are here
to talk about keeping the peace in Korea
there's something to bear in mind be it
for war games or real strikes that would
put millions of lives at risk the
decision to send let's say warplanes to
the Korean skies may depend on one
single man miles and miles away on the
other side of the Pacific
