now the International Olympic Committee
could be about to ban more Russian
athletes based on the results of more
than 20 competitors who are facing
doping allegations their fates will be
decided on the 5th of December in what
has been a lengthy doping scandal for
Team Russia last year's McLaren report
claimed that Moscow is running a
state-sponsored doping scheme Russia has
denied those allegations and the world
anti-doping agency seemingly back that
up when it cleared 95 athletes due to
insufficient proof yet wada still
requires russia to publicly admit the
findings of the mclaren report are true
over the last month team Russia has
already faced a number of setbacks and
for more on this now we're joined by a
Chattanooga who's in the studio for us
and they're covering all events to
jackeline or to put it mildly a very
rough month for Team Russia yeah I'd say
that's putting it very lightly we've had
just this month six Russian skiers four
skeleton athletes and one bobsledder
receive unprecedented life bans from the
Olympic Games they also had their
results and their medals stripped away
from their participation in the Sochi
Olympics in 2014 now those athletes deny
the accusations and all have said that
they are ready to appeal those decisions
and because of that Russia has in fact
lost its first place stance in the
overall medal count from the Sochi
Olympics there have also been whispers
of further evidence to come forward of a
Russian state-sponsored doping scheme
but none of that's come out and despite
the fact that there has been no concrete
proof put forward there's still calls
for the entire Russian team to be banned
from the upcoming Winter Olympics to be
taken place in South Korea okay so what
are the world's sporting chiefs been
saying about this thing well many seem
fairly Eagle eager to still find proof
that Russia is guilty despite the fact
that again up to now no concrete proof
has been put forward and we spoke to the
world anti-doping agency present and on
the continued search for evidence let's
take a listen keep saying there was no
state-sponsored doping
and the other most of the other evidence
in hints claims that the wash no
in-betweens it doesn't prove I wanna
give them some time truth is quite
perfect proof is there in the McLeod
report he wasn't asked to produce
details on an T to rule violations if
evidence subsequently appears then it
may get it might make it much more
difficult much much easier for the
International Federations to decide to
go ahead against particular athletes or
not
so there we have him admitting that
evidence of a state-sponsored doping
scheme has only been hinted at adding
that gives them time but the question is
how much more time do they need the next
Winter Olympics are in just three months
the time is running out and the fate of
those rationales athletes all hangs in
the balance
and of course at this point many fear
that there could be a political
motivation behind these decisions and
the water president himself he did say
that it's impossible to divide politics
with the world of sports let's take a
listen in politics it seemed to me to be
a factor of everybody's life and if I
played golf on the Saturday seemed to me
to be unlikely that politics should stop
at one o'clock and start again when I
finish at five o'clock the politics
rules everybody's life so therefore they
are bound to be involved in some way and
practically everything we do is sport as
part of what we do that's what I mean
now he did go on to say that those
comments are not directly not
specifically about Russia but the
athletes that have received these
lifetime bans do fear that that is a
possibility that politics really are
involved here now the former wada
president did say that that's not the
case at all there does seem to be though
a real political element in decisions
making made in sport what would you say
to that I would say probably not at
least in this case it has nothing to do
with
with supporting country X versus country
Y so it's important again to remember
that three months out from the Winter
Olympics and the whole Russian team is
under question whether or not they'll be
going forward like you mentioned earlier
on this December 5th that decision will
be coming down but regardless even if
the rest are allowed to go to the
Olympics there are 10 team members who
have been banned for life and we're all
ready that means that Russia is already
short a number of athletes shuen are
still waiting to hear the exact reasons
to aren't though at least it hasn't been
made public Jackie thanks very much
chuckling figure there for us now
meanwhile it looks like Russian
footballers there are also getting
caught in the doping scandal Britain's
Daily Mail newspaper has published fresh
claims from gregorio chenkov the former
Russian anti-doping official turned
whistleblower the allegations coming
just 7 months ahead of Russia hosting
the FIFA World Cup
