the White House says Donald Trump will
meet the US Deputy Attorney General on
Thursday
that's after reports suggesting rod
Rosenstein is about to leave his
position just days after media alleged
that he was proposing to secretly tape
at Donald Trump's calls for more now I'm
joined by our T's Caleb Morton Caleb how
could this affect the u.s. political
landscape and why is it so important so
all across the media we were hearing
unsubstantiated reports that rod Rosen's
team the Deputy Attorney General who's
overseeing the investigation into Donald
Trump for allegedly colluding with
Russia all across the media we were
seeing reports that he had believed
given his resignation and the
anticipation of being fired well we now
have Sarah Huckabee Sanders the White
House press spokesperson coming forward
and saying that that is not the case
that Donald Trump just had a phone
conversation with Rod Rosenstein and
that once Donald Trump returns from the
United Nations on Thursday when he's
back in Washington DC rod Rosenstein and
Trump will be meeting in person now the
reason that there was so much
speculation that rod Rosenstein had
resigned or was possibly going to be
fired by Trump was in response to
reports that he had had actually called
for recording Donald Trump tape
recording Trump's phone conversations
and other statements and then using the
recordings to make the case that Donald
Trump could be removed under the 25th
amendment of the US Constitution as
essentially mentally incapable of being
President 25th amendment lays out
procedures for the president to be
removed if he's rendered mentally
incapable of holding his office now when
those reports surfaced last week Donald
Trump was pressed about his reaction to
Rod Rosenstein and all of this he was
pressed this is how Donald Trump
responded when asked if he would fire
rod Rosenstein for suggesting had that
he be removed after recording his phone
calls
take a listen we are looking at it
Geraldo it's very early we just read the
reports you know very shortly very you
know the various reports that came out
and have been coming out
and we will make a determination but it
is certainly a very sad story when you
see it now if indeed rod Rosenstein had
been fired that would have been a big
blow to the investigation as he is
overseeing this alleged collusion
investigation he's working with Bob
Muller he is the Deputy Attorney General
however it appears that those reports
were not accurate that they did have a
phone conversation they intend to meet
on Thursday
there has been no resignation from rod
Rosenstein now the investigation the
investigation into alleged collusion
with Russia by Donald Trump during the
2016 presidential election that
investigation continues despite going on
for almost two years without really
discovering any clear results so a lot
of questions are being raised but the
investigation seems to proceed and rod
Rosenstein will be meeting with Donald
Trump on Thursday at the White House
you
