hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things were considered I'm Peter Lavelle
double-cross you would think so fear
occurred also just how many US troops
are in Syria and why and the living hell
that is Yemen
Krauss sucking some real news i'm joined
by my guest mark sloboda he's an
international affairs and security
analyst we also have Victor Levesque he
is a political analyst as well as a
leading expert at the center for actual
politics and of course we have Dimitri
bhavish he's a political analyst with
Sputnik international right gentling
crosstalk rules in effect as usual I
want to there's so much to talk about
today but we can't overlook Thomas
Friedman's article in The New York Times
Saudi Arabia's Arab Spring at last
gentlemen this article is breathtaking
for so many reasons
victory your immediate take away after
reading it this is somebody who said
give war chance before the second Iraq
war this is somebody who told the
American public about the chemical
biological and nuclear weapons programs
that are progressing with unbelievable
speed in Iraq what's the result of that
hundreds of thousands of people dead
from the American occupation what
happened after that with Isis and
everything else and today Friedman is
claiming that he's ready like a
publicist for the Crown Prince of Saudi
Arabia has been like this Friedman has
been a propagandist for four decades for
his whole entire career and we see that
and we see that with this article this
Britain the new royal so the King to be
the Pretender to the throne is is shown
as a minute shows himself to be a
pretend journalist go exactly this
torrid love letter was one of the the
most heartfelt examples of true
tolerance right between they can exist
the platonic love that can exist between
two men
roma-roma-ma I think this goes beyond
bromance
I think what we need to say about this
is that I mean Thomas Friedman is the
New York Times favorite Pro
globalization Pro Empire columnist he is
embarrassing the New York Times at the
very least the New York Times could have
gotten some advertising revenue and made
Saudi Arabia pay for this sink ofin see
this this stenography Friedman even said
Mohammed bin Salman instructed me not to
write I mean this is a journalist this
is good this is journalism at its very
best in the West right now ahead well I
just love this story about Prince
Mohammed bin Salman throw in some of
these princes into a gilded jail that is
rich countin houghton and they started
to cough up some money you know mr.
Friedman forgets that also the Lebanese
Prime Minister had to have an unplanned
vacation in Saudi Arabia for 18 days so
one has to wonder how much he was
squeezed for as well a lot of people
agree have to remember that the Lebanese
Prime Minister has a lot of business
interest with the Saudis and and the
embarrassment is that the European press
noticed it and and basically the French
president McCrone even the French press
admits that was not a big gain for back
row actually they were both humiliated
by Mohammed bin Salman you know the
Lebanese Prime Minister Sardar Hari and
the French president and let me tell you
that this is not the first time that the
Western press is enthusiastic about
people throwing people in jail and then
getting money from them so I really did
the same thing with shevardnadze's
family in Georgia and they had nothing
but praise for him now Mohammed bin
someone you know this anti-corruption
Drive about which Friedman writes that
all the soldiers whom he met had nothing
but if if use of support for the section
well if you don't have a few of support
for it in Saudi Arab you're in trouble
it's you're not going to be just worn
out by you can shake down it worked out
the phrase the Arab Spring is a brand a
failed idea that was it was called Sunni
winters
a growth of Islamism and attacks on
Christian orthodoxy across the you know
the Middle East and North Africa but
Thomas Friedman by referring to Muhammad
bin Salman's purges and murders to
secure the crown for himself as the Arab
Spring in Saudi Arabia puts the final
nail in that tired Beatrice in Sidney
Webb I hope your viewers know what I'm
talking about Victor go ahead you have
to go check them they have to move and
dearest we're gonna talk about the Kurds
spring what it led to
is chaos its disintegration in the
Middle East it's wars in Libya in Syria
in other parts of the region nothing
good I think for all of our readers to
Robert Fisk Slater's think echoing
winter Victor just said their US foreign
policy in the Middle East doesn't exist
anymore
just a small conclusion about Thomas
Friedman says Arab Spring
you know if Nabokov spring came on
roller skates Thomas Friedman's the
spring comes on aircraft carriers beware
of Thomas Friedman spring anywhere in
the Arab world or in with you know with
person's reputation with his failure in
Lebanon with his failure in his party in
Yemen with his other failures inside
Saudi Arabia no great PR from from
Friedman his reputation okay okay
gentlemen what's going on
Donald Trump is told his new friend now
the president of Turkey that that the US
will no longer be supporting the Kurds
in northern Syria according to according
to yes okay I think everything I said
was true and now it gets a little blurry
good blurry this is according to Aragon
and and his regime in Turkey he says
that Donald Trump promised him in a
phone call that he would stop supplying
arms to the Kurds which which the Turks
refer to in Syria as Kurdish terrorists
quote unquote here's the problem here is
the US has made similar promises to
Turkey before and they lied and they
continued supplying arms now the trumpet
couch this with with Twitter tweets once
again reiterating that what he refers to
as the bringing peace to the mess he
inherited there and that what a mistake
in lives and that six trillion dollars
worth and elastin is most important
however mattis and the Pentagon which
are really running military and foreign
policy may not be on the same page and
according to The Wall Street Journal
military spokesman unnamed again
military officials have said that they
do not they have not received any
instructions on this matter and even if
they were to stop supplying arms to the
Kurds they could continue supplying them
to the Syrian democratic forces which
are well so 95 the takeaway picture is
it
Donald Trump is a it's a foreign policy
of one man what happened was there was a
summit between Putin the gun in Sochi
of course the Americans felt that that
Russia has slighted them with with its
own much more successful policy in Syria
a policy devoted to stabilizing the
region not making it more chaotic what
they Americans were doing for the last
six years and actually much longer than
that for decades and so Tramp felt that
he had to say something to air the gun
in that conversation to make him more
amenable to American wishes and so he
may have promised him something
concerning the what what what we know
about this why have the Americans been
helping the Kurds anyway in that agent
because the
want a stake in Syria obviously they
want to be in a position in northern
Syria to dictate some of the terms of
the post-civil war ii and to justify
their presence their military has
according to aragon 13 military bases
illegally without syrian permission in
northern syria without anyone's
permission do you know the result
I agree with Victor that it was
important that the Iranian Turkish and
Russian leader met in Sochi and in fact
they are now deciding the fate of Syria
they are deciding what the outcome of
the Civil War is going to be I think the
fate of Syria will be of course decided
by Syrians themselves but what is
important is that this so-called high
Committee on negotiations has moved in
Riyadh into Justice Committee for
negotiations and for the first time the
so-called Cairo platform and Moscow
platform very included these are the
real moderates the people who have been
supporting a dialogue with President
Assad since the beginning okay there are
only eight of them there are eight from
the so-called National Syrian coalition
supported by the West in the middle you
have a lot of other groups including
some that simply were ignored by the
West for many years but the blogan stake
in this is 11 volts so if Cairo and
Moscow platforms if they managed to get
three on their side they will have a
balking stake locks all of think about
it you know there is nothing more
embarrassing if Aragon becomes a friend
of a Trump there is nothing more
embarrassing than Trump's friendship let
me remind you that in July this year mr.
Trump went south of Hariri the Lebanese
Prime Minister was only visit to
Washington Trump praised him for
resisting Hezbollah he forgot to tell
that Hezbollah is actually a concern so
it was like Putin praising no reason he
has any other world leader today
understands the terms words don't aren't
worth much
those words are worth anything either
but the important thing is that yes
Russia has all these accomplishments on
the ground they're trying to move
towards a political settlement if they
can separate Aragon from al-qaeda which
which doesn't seem likely to me in
Hitler but the u.s. game is not over yet
when Matt dogmatists the Secretary of
Defense who's really running us and
military foreign policy according to our
president says we're not going to just
walk away right now
even though Isis is military defeated in
eastern Syria they're their last
territorial acquisitions there have have
evaporated and now we have the word out
that the leaks that the US military is
about to admit that they have far more
troops up the fort I thought mark we're
gonna go to a short break and after a
short break we'll continue our
discussion on some real news stay with
our team
welcome back to crosstalk we're all
things to consider I'm Peter LaValle to
remind you were discussing some real
news
okay Damon over the last few days we had
movement on the anti-russian front in
Europe take it away
well there was this so-called Eastern
Partnership summit of the EU states and
Azerbaijan Armenia Moldova Belarus
Georgia you know the former Soviet
republics which border on the European
Union and the U is almost open they're
trying to make enemies of Russia out of
them I mean officially at this summit
they said that this is not directed
against Russia but I think there is made
the Prime Minister of Britain footnote
to this you know here's what she said we
must be open eyed to the actions of
hostile states like Russia which
threatened this European potential and
attempt to tear apart our collective
strengths you know what I could find
really remarkable about that is that the
forces within the EU itself are tearing
itself apart no one no one has to push
it along all you need to do is watch go
ahead you know tourism is facing some
real trouble at home and she needs a
bogeyman to blame it on and it's a good
Britain actually had worse relationship
with the Soviet Union during the Cold
War than the Americans so it's no
surprise that London today is pushing
for another you know for even more
confrontation with Russia there's
another point of course unlike most
other European states are like Germany
and like Italy France Britain actually
has very little trade just like the
United States it has very little trade
with Moscow so it has very little to
lose and it's time to push those
European countries that do have
something to lose to lose that's what
it's trying to do just like the image
instead amazing you know you have a
British prime minister trying to dictate
European foreign policy actually
negotiating breaks it at the same time
it's really remarkable this is Theresa
May and the British government in this
still in this post imperial decline
trying to pretend to relevance and
foreign matters that they simply no
longer have
especially after brakes it and frankly
what brexit I'm simply waiting for them
to say oh it was a Russian BOTS fault
and we I'm waiting for them to cancel
this this Eastern European partnership
is a more concerning matter what's
driving this is an Atlanta Syst ideology
it's a geopolitically expansionist
ideology that declares that Europe
should be all one basically under
Brussels rule with their value system
you have a common values from Lisbon to
the Urals and beyond and let's be honest
this is an ideology of Jim political
expansion and the EU is focused on
expanding its borders but they're not
they're not put the tossing umm.you
membership for you this assignment I
think was really an eye-opener because
they in the final statement they
required from member states strategic
communications which is broad again
counter in Russian disinformation
concerns then fight in RT okay and and
they they required Ukraine and Moldova
to fight against Russian influence but
they didn't promise even a remote
possibility of EU membership mister
jean-claude un care
opening the summit said that this is not
on the agenda and what the reason may
what she said what was especially
astounding for me talking about the 20s
ideology she said we should not
underestimate the enduring attraction of
Western society to the post Soviet state
well we should not even underestimate
the enduring attraction of Prince
Mohammed bin Salman to Thomas Friedman
no fatal attraction should be
underestimated but it already caused the
people there thousands of lives the
Ukrainian disaster was actually the
result of East neighbor Eastern
neighborhood polish on the you they were
the main drivers of the mind
settling just dropping we are that the
prime ministers of all European
countries EU countries have to meet and
spend days and hours discussing how to
shut us okay poor people here I mean you
know where the master brought here I
want to change gears or something very
important what's going on with this Anti
Doping and the Winter Olympics that will
be held in South Korea in 2018 and it
looks like they're again on the agenda
is to push Russia off so as soon as the
confrontation between the new Cold War's
you know rose up again between the
United States and Russia
the Americans have started pushing these
doping accusations and we know it's the
Americans and it's the Canadian airlines
pushing these doping accusations against
the Russian Olympic team we've seen this
in 1980 back then they were more honest
they don't blame the Soviet Union for
doping they just said well there's a war
in Afghanistan that's why we're not
going to come to Moscow and we're
nothing to let any of our allies come to
Moscow and and then in 1984 in Lhasa in
LA but today we have a situation where
there is really no hard evidence by wada
of massive doping or state-sponsored
doping there's there's a person who is
actually under investigation for fraud
in Russia his name is Gregory rozhenko
who is now under witness protection in
the u.s. he's committing crimes yes he
tempered with the evidence and now he is
participating in all these propaganda
exercises against Russia so there is a
he's been flipped yes yes that there is
a maximum and the minimum program they
make is what at this point the maximum
goal is to have the Russian Olympic team
banned from taking part in the Olympics
okay just before the presidential
elections in Russia
it's sort of embarrassing Russia this
way and the minimum goal is to create
such a nervous atmosphere where Russia
is going to have to fight for every
single athlete and for every single
you know sports team in that Olympic
competition to participate the the
athletes will actually sort of lose
their ability of all this of course is
that the Olympic Games are it's supposed
to be the gold standard of competition
okay and and the very best of best and
all I see is this again an extension of
this propaganda I mean what kind of
Winter Olympics can you have without a
Russian team Winter Olympics where
Western nations win hockey that's where
doesn't devalue every single gold silver
and bronze medal it devalues it because
you'll never know if you were able to
compete against the very very best we I
want to cover some more ground here mark
you've been kind of quiet on on the
Olympics tell us what's going on and
nobody but I'll see you all right we're
gonna get some difference of opinion
we've had a bit of what I consider an
extremely embarrassing incident in the
lugansk republic as it is which is
basically just the city of Lugansk at
the area wrong yeah yeah one-third of
the actual Gon's Republic that is free
from this west back which forces the the
nominal president of the self-declared
republic Lipinski someone who I think it
would be generous to say he has the
charisma of a wet paper towel he has
been involved in a internal dispute
powers with the his interior secretary
in charge of the police cornets and this
has resulted in what seems to be a
change of leadership and Lucas on cooter
bad what kind of direction and we skate
well on one hand it certainly shows that
that the people of Lugansk and and
they're the authorities there have more
independence from Russia than anyone has
been giving them credit for on the other
hand it's extremely embarrassing to them
and it shows that there's a very chaotic
situation there and it bodes ill for you
know the West pushing Ukraine to try to
settle the matter militarily but on the
other hand platoon ski was not really
loved
by anyone and we may be better off with
him gone someone more charismatic like
zaharchenko and done yet
his equivalent and with guns might lead
Lugansk to a little success well I think
that you know the West was very
disappointed because the press that they
backed reported that either part needs
after been ousted went to Russia that's
their dream that they all go to Russia
hashtag fake news but it was fake news
because what Nietzsche is going to
represent Lugansk People's Republic at
the negotiations can Minsk from now on I
think what happened is indeed not very
good but the reason for it I'm sorry but
these are the actions of the West
because they did not allow Lugansk and
Daniels to have elections they have been
denying these places the right to have
elections since 2014 the idea of
poroshenko is that first would have
security which means having Ukrainian or
UN troops on the border which means
total blockade because since January
Ukraine is not supplying even
electricity and water they cut food
three years what the Saudis have done to
Yemen exactly the same thing these
Republic's get their food and water and
electricity from Russia not because
Russia wants to you know to feed them
but because Kiev has got all the
supplies you know and and and if they
had elections they would have had a more
legitimate government with which such
things would not be possible but also
please bear in mind that actually the
enemy speaks the same language they
watch the same television as you did
this is a civil war they went to the
same school with you so people are
jittery in Lugansk not because they are
cowards but because the enemy is the
same nation the same people as them
there's also a very important piece of
this in this entire confrontation that
we have seen us play out over the last
week not a single person was hurt or
died and that's very different from
what's happening in the Ukraine for
example
here where people get shot where people
were politicians rights organizations
turn a blind eye populations where
politicians are being maimed and killed
and arrested and held without bail and
without trial so that's a very stark
difference and those we have to keep it
in in context that this Donetsk and
Lugansk People's Republic are areas
where just several million people live
there are tens of thousands of people
have died over the last few years three
years because the Ukrainian forces
supported by the West supported by the
United States supported by the EU have
conducted a massive campaign with
bombardments of civil and attacks on
schools when civilians were saying a
president poroshenko is killing his
executive run out of time fascinating
discussion many thanks to my guests here
in Moscow and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here are do you see you next
time and remember
Rostock rules now for the extended
version of our program where we get to
talk out and talk about anything we want
popery mark you wouldn't talk about
Germany you want to talk about Google go
let's let's talk about Google first what
are the big news out of the earlier last
week is that Google's CEO through their
spokesman have announced that they are
going to be ranked Russian media RT and
Sputnik so that their news articles come
up less frequently which is despite no
matter what they may say that we're
against censorship you know they say so
should a censorship this is Google's
motto before they were they were go
subsumed but you don't do evil well
Google stop being evil it gets much
worse because as we discussed last week
RT it only starts with Russian media
well it's already started with leftist
and alternative media we have reports
out from
an analysis of the hits Western leftist
alt media have been already D ranked
evidently by Google with sites from
alternate consortium news media matters
common dreams Democracy Now WikiLeaks
counterpunch the intercept they have all
had their traffic from Google over the
last few months reduced by up to 67
percent which some of Artie's IT people
say they have actually already been
having but you have if we have sites
like BuzzFeed that just they they
traffic and junk they're not touched
whatsoever once in Megan's to see what
they want them to see did not want the
American people to see any alternative
points of view they did not want them to
see the information that might not
correlate well with what the CNN shows
what MSNBC shows our CBS well that
ridiculous new magazine Newsweek it
shows his collusion between the tech
giant's and the US government mean we
had Amazon this week was just awarded a
six hundred million dollars tenders to
create a cloud services for the CIA and
the intelligence services this is a real
gravy train for these guys which is
owned by the same used to have by mine
which the newspaper of the chemist parts
of the Soviet Union Washington Post
could actually have a parameter said the
newspaper the Central Intelligence
Agency just has they can call 2017
version of Mad Men right dark does does
journalism dies when its D ranked in
political censorship down the newsfeed
by the plot the media platforms that are
in collusion with the is going people in
broad
they don't realize is that when they do
that and when they make those people
disappear sort of because they really do
not disappear you know that those people
are going to respond eventually they're
going to and it's gonna be a small
minority but highly motivated highly
motivated I think I think that in this
way Google has technically resolved the
problem set by Adam Schiff you know when
he the congressman there congressman
when he reacted to President Trump
saying that President Putin probably
melted when she said Russia did not
meddle Adam Schiff said whom do we
believe our own great intelligence
community or the leader well a lot of
bad things could be avoided this is the
whole problem that now people will not
have a technical ability they will not
have a technical chance to hear what the
adversary thinks we know the
intelligence community puts the former
Director of National Intelligence James
clapper opposite a man who has twice
according to the Western mainstream
media in their own headlines perjured
himself lying under oath to Congress and
the American people twice now once in
Iraq once and on on NSA spying on
Americans metadata on their
communications they put him forward as
the person who you gonna believe the
foreign leaders or the intelligence
community that that lies to us every day
that's a tough call personally nothing
to see here
alright there's another big story that's
been brewing out there Germany what's
going on in Germany well in Germany that
coalition talks collapsed so Germany is
not going to have this Jamaica thing you
know with Christian Democrats liberals
and the greens but now the head of the
Social Democratic Party Martin Schultz
he is going to be put to the same
experience that Thomas Friedman put
himself to the big boy sorry we're all
together the big boys are going to tell
him you'll just love it we
you try it you just love it it has been
saying for six months that he doesn't
want Degrassi quality on a grand
coalition with Angela Merkel but the big
boys are telling him no no no no you
don't you haven't tried it again just
you will love it in the last three days
I think basically in the last three days
month mr. Schultz has said that you wore
me out he's probably going to make that
coalition that's going to be an
embarrassing between Schultz and Mirko I
mean not only policy-wise but victory is
anything you know we have Briggs it
confused as ever going on and now we
have the most important country most
important economy in the EU
it's floundering right now politically
okay it seems to me it's just the e
u--'s is listing from one side to the
other in and I mean we all have to
recognize that was the whole immigration
issue the open door policy that Merkel
pushed and she's paying very high price
for it now and notice how the parties
that actually opposed her policies the
parties that actually opposed the
sanctions regime against Russia that
that she that Angela Merkel propagated
that's the alternative for Germany which
is a righteous party and let me in here
which is the Left Party both of them on
the opposite sides of the political
spectrum and they have the same view of
the failure of your policies so if if
indeed there is a another election
coming up if it will happen there is a
chance that these parties will improve
their showing even more you know I think
is really interesting here we can take a
look what's going on in Germany and then
look what was going on with the u.s.
election last year it's it's very
interesting to me there's the the the
margins the left and in real
conservatives the Republican Party is
not conservative it's a corporatist
globalist party in the US but what I'm
saying look at when you look at them
like the Bernie bros okay
and we see we see we've talked about
this before on the program mark I said
you have the the the fringes of both
sides of the political spectrum
converging you know they have a some
common interest actually anything about
remember Seattle the anti-globalist
brothers were neither and Buchanan
people who are in there because that's
exactly what the American political
establishment is afraid of when they are
there thank you take so take down those
sites those channels and so forth
everything that you know that does not
agree with their mainstream line when
you have a center this is all Western
countries when you have center right and
center left parties that triangulate to
a neoliberal imperialist center
obviously the far right and they you
know are there the old right that you
know the far left they they they have to
find common ground in order to justice
this is the great legacy of Tony Blair
and Bill Clinton but it was just a year
ago that when Donald Trump was elected
the whole mainstream media the media the
commentariat was declaring Angela Merkel
the new leader of the free world your
free worlds not do it free world quote
unquote it ain't doing so well right now
guys I hate to tell you I think the
success of the fringes or the parties
that the mainstream media called fringes
it was predetermined by the aggressive
nature of the center these were the
Social Democrats Javier Solana and the
German Social Democrats who were bombing
Yugoslavia you know the the so-called
liberals sent French planes to to bomb
Libya
so in this situation the people who
opposed this war tolerated for Germany
with all of their anti-migrant rhetoric
which I hate
they said that NATO should become a
purely defensive organization the quote
for improvement of relations with Russia
and after that immediately the Western
media became so obsessed with labor and
I have did
really interesting when they go after
these rightist parties and even using
that term here is they always pick pick
and choose but if you look at the
National Fund in France
their foreign policy is actually quite
reasonable here but they look at oh
they're impassive that anti-semitism or
or one one member of the party said
something outrageous every single party
used to say pretty outrageous things
still and then he was a hero to their
Democrats but of course they use
anything they can to dampen these
purchase popularity but you know what
all these parties have in common whether
they're on the left or the right in
Europe is that they understand that the
policies pursued by the so called Center
and use not through European they
approve American there ain't a European
in Europe is suffering from these
policies as much as Russia's and
sometimes even but I thought they were
just on the far right I thought they
were all let me let me give you some
statistics we always have that in our
United Nations spokesperson on the
damage caused by the sanctions
he has cultivated that Russia lost fifty
five billion on mutual sanctions with EU
the EU most 100 billion two times more
than Russia and these people call
themselves Europeans and they say that
they are building you Europe they're
dividing you know all those people that
support the sanctions I think their life
hasn't changed very much they probably
haven't lost their job or their
livelihood but millions and millions of
people in the European Union all cross
saying because they do not want to lose
their job because remember that remember
that little incident with Angela Merkel
being listened to
tapped by the National Security Agency
in the being there is a scandal about it
what happened then what did she she went
to Washington she talked to Obama and
she said everything is ok why did she
say it because she had no other choice
and plus they had probably all recorded
and transcribed all right gentlemen
brought
time for this extended version of our
program I hope our viewers have enjoyed
this see you next week and remember
crosstalk rules
