Egypt is hunting for the militants
responsible for what officials are
calling the deadliest ever terror attack
in the country at least 235 people were
killed on Friday at a mosque in the
northern region of Sinai and more than a
hundred others were injured so far no
groups claimed responsibility for the
attack which happened during Friday
prayers the perpetrators arrived in four
off-road vehicles and set off two bombs
before opening fire as people tried to
flee cairo-based journalist jacob vert
Shafter and tells us what could be
behind this latest tragedy in Egypt
security services are not saying a lot
about the details of this attack but we
already know what the attack means to
the Egyptian people this is an attack on
the state supported mosque in the North
Sinai this is an attack on the kind of
Islam that's promulgated by the Egyptian
administration one that denounces and
renounces terrorism and we see that the
jihadist now have decided to go not only
against up against the government and up
against Christians but against Muslim
worshippers who are choosing the path of
moderate Islam that is the mainstream
form of that religion here in Egypt
unofficially we do know who operates
terror organizations in the Sinai and
their groups that are affiliated with
Isis their groups affiliated with
al-qaeda and the Egyptians of course are
very angry and so this is becoming a
religious war inside of Islam that has
implications way beyond Egypt itself but
but to the wider Sunni Middle East
