Happy Thanksgiving cranberry stuffing
turkey pardon the turkey don't pardon
the turkey where's the turkey I got a
turkey I love turkey mMmmm
yes I thought to put you in front of the
White House well actually this is the
White House so I'm in front of the White
House and we should part in a turkey
here
giblets are incredibly important in any
recipe that you're considering for
Thanksgiving it's under and chestnuts
chestnuts in the stuffing and capers
capers and the stuffing is an under
utilized ingredient and I'm telling you
it gives your turkey and aromatic
quality that your guests will love they
won't quite figure it out but they'll be
engaged in vibrant conversation once
they get the whiff of those capers and
chestnuts it's beautiful so I thought
for this Thanksgiving as we are actually
on this day eating turkey with family we
would do an episode special about what
we're thankful for
because you know I think it's important
after what eight or nine years now of
Kaiser report to give thanks to the
audience and for various topics and
conversations we were allowed to do over
the years because in this sort of
environment you know the future might
not be as good as what the past was
remember of course the first
Thanksgiving was held or during more
harmonious times between the relations
between colonists and the Native
Americans and then turned pretty ugly
for them right now I think we're kind of
in the same sort of situation where you
know our show may not be on the air the
whole network might not be on the air
one day or available to people in
America so I thought we should do
thankful episode about various topics
and guests and that sort of thing well
I'm thankful for John mattone us
remember one of our very first guests he
came on the Kaiser report told us all
about Bitcoin at $3 and you know that
was like more than a hundred billion
dollars ago in Bitcoin value and then
the whole crypto universe is pushing 200
billion dollars and
so I'm definitely thankful for JAMA
tonus tres mayor one of the stalwarts in
the Bitcoin why don't we stop there and
talk about JAMA tonus that's because we
have a whole episode to fill so we'll go
into Bitcoin and Kaiser report of course
was the very first international
television news program to cover it JAMA
tonus who is now you know speaking of
harmonious times becoming dis harmonious
back then bitcoin was a small harmonious
community it was much smaller there were
a lot of sort of hacks and crazy stuff
going on like sites going down and
Bitcoin being stolen and I mean crazy
experimentation and innovation happening
then he came on to Kaiser report back in
early 2011 and talked about Bitcoin this
was triggered more episodes about
Bitcoin we've talked to other people
like amir taki trace mayor came much
later but i mean your talk you talked to
Roger ver all these sort of people Tony
Olympic Tony khalipa early adopters of
Bitcoin and we were given the freedom to
discuss this even though the once the
mainstream media kind of got involved
about a year and a half two years later
they were saying it's evil and it's just
for drug runners and launders and all
sorts of stuff like that but we were
given the freedom to cover it and
explore this new innovative technology
oh it's a new asset class that I
identified it as such at the time and
anyone trying to apply standard models
of economics would fail because it's a
new asset class I haven't seen a new
asset class and hundreds of years you
can't really shoehorn in your you know
Keynesian school or your libertarian
school or your Austrian economics school
none of those apply to Bitcoin it's a
brand-new asset class with brand new
rules and sure enough it's attracted now
those looking for a store of value its
obliterated gold in the marketplace it's
people are buying Bitcoin as they would
ordinarily buy gold and so the future
looks like it's going to hit the one
trillion dollar market cap level at some
point which is again something we
predicted on this show I also want to of
course you can't mention Thanksgiving
without mentioning the Native American
population this year we did get to
travel quite a lot and we traveled
across the United States looking at
you know finding out how Trump Pathan's
because of course this happens this year
Trump became president was inaugurated
in January of 2017 and there has been a
media meltdown we'll get to that and
what our role in like trying to maintain
some stability in that insane media
environment is but we did get to go to
Standing Rock reservation for you
especially I think it was quite a
revelation the Native American you know
that tribes and how they live and the
their sovereign nations within these
reservations and I'm not thankful for
the fact that now the fact that like no
da PLL that the note to the Dakota
access pipeline has been turned into a
conspiracy theory pushed by MSNBC but if
you go there and you talk to the Sioux
tribes that live there in this area and
you find out if you just have to see it
for yourself and I'm I'm thankful that
we got to see it for ourselves and meet
these people on this reservation you
know they are their own they have their
own agency they are their own humans and
they have their own desires and they
don't want pipelines through their land
and you know I'm thankful that we got to
see that I'm sad that it's now a
conspiracy theory well New Mexico
Wyoming North Dakota South Dakota these
are states I'd never been to and they
are essentially Native American
territories and they are unbelievably
beautiful and this is this is a land
that Americans should all go to you know
I feel bad that it's taken me this long
to visit these places and this the Sioux
the Lakota and the other nations the
Navajo Nation of Navajo Nation's these
are our brothers these are more than our
brothers these are our mothers and
fathers I mean this is this is the
tragedy of this population is really
comes to vibrant focus when you're there
in these locations and when you hear
about how dictators
they came in the 20th century modeled
their pogroms and their Cola costs on
what American army did to the colonists
because they were what the colonists and
what they did to these people you know
you get a sense of it and it's a deep
stain even before the stain of slavery
this is the deepest stain in American
history one that unfortunately will
never go away
so the fact again you know that they're
denying the media now tries to deny
agency once again that they of course
the natives couldn't have any will of
their own that they have no desires of
their own that of course they'd want a
pipeline going through their land the
people of bismarck don't want it but
surely these the Sioux Nation the Sioux
tribe on the Standing Rock reservation
where Sitting Bull of course has yeah I
mean when you talk about the
evangelicals and other people in America
who worshipped God in the Bible and then
they make no comment whatsoever of the
desecration of the Holy Lands of these
native peoples there's such a
discrepancy
you know I'm reading for example you
know people are gonna celebrate the
100-year you know at birthday of Billy
Graham possibly next year and I'm
thinking what up clown what a bozo you
know who's taking party in this genocide
in his own backyard and says nothing
about it it makes me puke we were there
and one of the things that we
highlighted on the show and we showed
that was that when we went to that
little pizza restaurant they had the
resisting since 1492 because of course
the resistance is a big story in America
today which seems to be mostly many
corporate Democrats and neoliberal and
neocon sort of merger of a lot of former
CIA guys and and Rachel Maddow's of the
world but you know these same people who
run this resistance of the Democratic
Party are pushing the theory that
somehow the Native Americans wouldn't
resist the pipeline if it weren't for RT
covering the story freeze yeah because
the US has honored so many treaties past
200 years that the treaties have been
honored
they've been such a great relationship
to blame shift again this violation
putting this pipeline the people of
Bismarck these crackers who don't want
the pipeline coming through their town
they say let's dump it on the Lakota you
know once again
I mean it doesn't like it doesn't go
away the soul of America isn't cleansed
no matter how many fake guys on TV want
to thump the Bible it doesn't go away
that that rotting of the soul is
permanent and it's festering and you see
it on these elections that are breaking
down in the blame-shifting and then
heroin and opiate use the country is
turning into a ghettoize piece of and
all these politicians are out there
trying to blame some other frickin
country look in the mirror you're
disgusting pigs
Happy Thanksgiving well that's another
thing I want to point to is this this
sort of like hysteria going on here is
that I'm grateful and thankful that we
still have a platform to still call
attention to issues like for example the
you never hear on MSNBC they just don't
cover the fact that in Wisconsin forget
the fact that Hillary Clinton never went
there that the fact that many voters
were purged from something like 80,000
voters were purged from the voting rolls
there they did not get to vote in the
2016 election I would think that's like
a bigger interference with the election
than any sort of like crazy meme you
know crazy means are crazy memes I most
memes I look at and I assumed 4chan has
created it and you know I don't let them
decide my giggle but I don't let like a
Pepe sort of determine who I'm gonna
vote for you know the fact is that
people are still being purged from the
rules they're still gerrymandering going
on that's happening today it doesn't get
covered on the mainstream news for some
reason I don't know why they don't cover
it but it is the most Hillary's Russian
the Russians didn't interfere with that
election to the extent to any imaginable
degree at that Hillary Clinton patently
provably irrefutable II did she go to
Wisconsin know by by rigging through the
democratic caucuses
the Bernie being sheltered that was a
blatant vote rake and then having Donna
Brazile as she said you know they're
gonna parachute in Joe Biden when
Hillary like stumbled on the curb and
couldn't compose herself because he's
too drug addled to try and stay awake 24
hours a day to appeal to people but not
in Wisconsin because that a spite
because oh they didn't vote for her in
the primary so I'm not gonna go to
Wisconsin
that's a stroppy little woman act I'm
glad she's not president because that's
unacceptable like the way she lost proof
she's not presidential before we go to
the second half I want to say I am too
also thankful I think Trump is deranged
and he's a madman and a thug but I think
this whole crackdown on like the fact
that all of these Hillary people want to
get Facebook and Twitter and and Google
to monitor and shut down alternative
voices many of our friends many of our
guests that we've had have been
demonetised across YouTube like I'm not
thankful for that but I'm thankful that
those people who that's their instinct
are not in power yeah that's kind of the
second half let's go to the second half
and ever pumpkin pie on me don't go away
welcome back to the Thanksgiving special
Keiser Report Max and Stacey so you know
what was your favorite dish on the
Thanksgiving table you had candy damn so
what the marshmallows maybe the turkey
the stuffing cranberry what did you like
in particular my favorite day was always
the day after Thanksgiving to have a
turkey sandwich with stuffing and
cranberry on it so that was the day
after it takes the better the day out
yeah I don't know why but turkey tastes
better the day after yeah that with the
cranberry the turkey stuffing sandwich
what kind of mayonnaise no mayonnaise
that's crazy you never put mayonnaise on
a turkey sandwich like that would
cranberry maybe you could yeah I stand
corrected I'm thinking now you know that
might be okay so it has to be just like
sourdough or white bread or something
like that yeah no like fancy green
multigrain or anything like that right
so we were talking about our like two
drained political parties and the drange
leaders they put forth you know we had
this election of 2016 where the two most
hated candidates in history yeah who ran
against each other which i think is just
remarkable in a nation of 300 to 30
million with all these like great
innovation and great universities and
education and and all sorts of great
people here yeah wants to me how does it
make sense you because the fetus
develops from the anus first right so in
America there is a huge sphincter it's
called the White House and it attract
these these two hemorrhoids the decade
is Thanksgiving oh yeah okay fine okay
so no in other words it's the process
that has broken down because all the
brains went to Wall Street
you know the morally centered people are
running yoga center somewhere in
Berkeley okay so I'm gonna turn it to a
more sensible discussion about this so I
think the good thing about it the
disaster that was 2016 is that I think
that this is like the sort of moment
we're gonna see a third party or new
parties emerging because it is clear
from even recent polling that if the
election were held again today with all
the stuff all those like
stuff that rachel maddow all they're
like drawing lines between all these
connected people people would still vote
for trump over Hillary I think it's
because of the young people the
Millennials and younger generation
reject both sides of this the
Republicans still have those old people
that go out to vote
nobody has a younger vote so that's why
the Democrats have lost so many seats
it's because they're not answering
they they want it they came out and
force for the likes of Bernie Sanders I
think there's going to be either the
Democrats are gonna eventually have to
go there I don't know if they can
because of the amount of money they need
to raise from Wall Street but I think a
third sort of party a Ross Perot for the
left as it were could emerge you know I
have a message of hope actually it's
something that I've observed in the last
20 years that I thought was indicative
of a system that's working and you know
America has this dynamic between the
state rights and the federal government
mm-hmm and we've seen over the past few
years the emergence of States legalizing
marijuana for medical marijuana mm-hmm
and regardless of how you feel about
that the fact is though that in various
states they've taken this issue on board
yeah and they have created a movement
political movement that is succeeding
and it may end up now eventually within
a short period of time with a national
federal law which would be legalizing
marijuana
we know that probably the effects of
this would be an incredible reduction in
violent crime we saw this during the
Prohibition era that was repealed and
the connection between organized crime
and liquor etc we and and and and we
know from studies that the recidivist
behavior of okay so wait so you think
it's gonna be a federal thing I think
it's well and that's that's a hopeful
because it shows that political
movements can work within the current
system and in the way that the power is
divided between the federal level in the
state's level I mean that's as part of
the concept of the American Way is a
division
of power and and you see that it's
working in this way well I think in fact
that's that is a good point you know
states rights has always been considered
a right-wing thing in America for the
last few decades because that was always
code for like we want our slavery but I
think in terms of you know this hyper
partisanship I think people do have like
radically different ways of living
wanting to live like when we cross the
country and you're going through Wyoming
in South Dakota
those aren't like there aren't very many
latte I mean there are a lot of
Millennials actually moving to South
Dakota and North Dakota no because of
the how cheap it is but it's they you
know they have a different sort of
mindset and I think the fact that you
know some states want a universal health
care so why not let Vermont and you know
Connecticut or Rhode Island or Oregon or
California develop their own system of
universal health care if the federal
government's not going to provide it
other than for Medicare yeah I think
that's right health care can be okay
medical marijuana is it okay this is
health care in general and we do see a
state's taking this on like Vermont
Bernie sander state and they and
universal basic income is another
concept that can be tried on the state
level and then rolled out nationally so
yeah the states rights has an ugly past
because it goes back to the slave days
but it nevertheless these days it can be
repurposed to take on these issues in a
way that's not being addressed to the
federal level because of gridlock and
partisanship and the corporatism that's
totally choked anything positive
happening on the federal level so I
would say get more local get more state
active in your state's your
governorships your local councils and
you know that's the political movements
going forward is from the ground up
because on the that there's nothing
gonna be top-down except more
corporatism so we can all we hope that
the banks go bankrupt and they get
washed away with the garbage and that we
have a new economy based on capitalism
free-market capitalism not corny
capitalism or corporatism free markets
price discovery and that on a state
level we have the birth of health care
and other issues basic income perhaps
that will feed the organism that is our
society in ways
produce a more equitable civilization
then we become the beacon on the hill
instead of the trash heap in the belly
you know you're here in DC and it's just
filled with swamp creatures okay as
Donald Trump has likened them to the
swamp and that's why you know from at
one we lived outside of America you look
at it you go why do they live like that
why do they have that health care system
why do have they have all these like
mass shootings and then you come here to
Washington DC and you find out like
whatever the will of the people are is
like that doesn't happen because there's
somebody making money and they're here
controlling your politicians so I guess
on a state level it's you know it's
easier to demand your governor your
state senators and congresspeople that
they do something that you want how you
want your government to be you know how
you want your local economy right well
you know a place like Michigan that got
totally you know hit hard with the water
crisis in Detroit you know they can take
this ecological issues on perhaps a
statewide level on the gun issue you
know I I still believe the way to
address the gun issue is to bring into
the mix gun insurance the fact that it
doesn't like that you have to have a car
each individual car in America not the
driver the car has insurance tied to it
and it'll cover like $500,000 for a
million dollars and medical damage if
you run over somebody hit some old lady
walking across the road and she has
medical bills that she has to pay your
insurance pays for it I don't understand
why it's like with this Vegas thing you
know they're talking about tens of
millions of dollars in medical costs to
these people that just got shot by this
guy with a gun right so every gun should
have insurance just by insurance on your
gun it doesn't make any sense all the
guns you want but you got it by
insurance forever all of your guns and
if you get an ar-15 the insurance cost
more because you're gonna be killing
more people with it yeah because like
you know so Vegas or the one in Texas is
the church shooting you know immediately
GoFundMe pages are set up and people
have been very generous with
both of those disasters but what about
the people that get shot and like a
story that doesn't get covered by the
national or international press and it's
only like three or four people got shell
killed or you know 300 million guns is
approximately in America if you had to
ensure all these guns think of the
revenues think of the insurance
companies I understand isn't the
insurance Lobby bigger than the NRA I
mean I think the insurance Lobby is
bigger because it's tied into the
banking industry and that is by far the
biggest lobbying group it's up to the I
blame the insurance companies for not
mandating that this country brings in
gun insurance I think that every time we
get a mass shooting now we got to go to
the you know metal insurance and
insurance and the barrel of the big
insurance companies go to Connecticut
where all these insurance companies are
they're all leaving Connecticut though
well we got a funny there they're the
ones ultimately that have blood on their
hands because they refuse to make money
he's a good capitalist American and
mandated good insurance for gun owners
don't be such a shy communist loving
bootlicking snot the insurance company
CEO just taking money and willy-nilly
for making people heroin addicts do
something constructive impose gun
insurance and stop the bloodshed you
freaking moron you know you mentioned
Bitcoin and that you're thankful that we
got to cover that and I also want to you
know before we the whole network gets
kicked off the air I want to say that
you know we've worked for RT BBC
al-jazeera all sorts of networks around
the world and I do want to say you know
this has been like the best job the best
program to have because there's been
it's it's like basically a neutral
platform it's based I always liken it to
like basically having our show and
having like a YouTube before it started
D monetizing and becoming political that
you could just upload we just upload the
show and they air it like there's no
intervention though know sort of
censorship know sort of like the only
sort of intervention we ever have is
from the UK government and I don't even
know if we're allowed to say that if you
didn't hear that that means it had to be
cut out but you're not allowed to even
mention that the UK government ought to
use like PBS of the 1970s it's not even
that because PBS you have all sorts of
executive
in the 1970s what is real public access
public access you're talking about New
York public access different things like
public access television this is a
public access TV show we produce the
show you know and then we don't hear
from anybody we just talk about is
really George ugly George was on public
access in New York he went around with a
porta pack and talked to women but he
had no clothes on okay that was a
popular show at that time he had no
clothes on very scantily clad at the
gorge it was an ugly man but he made a
big show back and so that's the way
America used to be a media companies
were in the public domain used to be the
public interest their own their public
airwaves that's what our tease about
public discussion the public square the
common good even the television shows
like the famous one between
what's-his-name and the other guy you
know we're Noam Chomsky versus William
you know famous big thinkers and
chuckling Buckley William F Buckley that
they could have like debates and it
wasn't like shrieking from one echo
chamber to the other like you turn on
MSNBC and they're shrieking about you
know to their base and Fox is shrieking
to their base I was like and there's no
like conversation that a scene between
them I it's it's the weirdest thing to
watch but you know hopefully we've we've
provided this platform with all sorts of
heterodox economists and thinkers and
outside the mainstream we could cover
more mainstream people if we wanted but
you know they're always on one of these
networks so you can go see them
elsewhere but I don't think that well
thinking is dangerous in society run by
dictators like you have in America so
you know I think was more well that said
in an era of outrageous tyranny the
original thought is considered an active
trip okay I'm gonna go get some more
pumpkin pie
we need more pumpkin pie look that up
George Orwell something about tyranny
okay well that's gonna do it for this
dish of the Kaiser report with me max
Kaiser and Stacy here we'd like to thank
our guests Stacy Herbert and a cast of
thousands of pumpkin pies if you want to
reach us on Kaiser report its Twitter
until next time bye y'all
