for now the German president has so far
failed to unite three parties that were
supposed to form a coalition government
aside from the refugee influx a major
stumbling block was said to have been
that of climate change policy and our
Angela Merkel's title as a climate
Chancellor is being brought into
question her environmental policy has
long depended on reducing coal burning
emissions which brought her the support
of the Green Party but as times gone by
Merkel's stance has been shifting as a
country we think we can become pioneers
on the way to creating the age of
renewable energy we need deep cuts in
global greenhouse gas emissions and
therefore we have committed ourselves to
decarbonizing the global economy we're
campaigning for a coal free energy
supply Locke does it often dodge this is
not easy even for Germany we have set
targets for 2020 2030 and subsequently
2050 now at the end of 2017
we still have quite a way to go in the
wake of Japan's 2011 Fukushima nuclear
meltdown Germany vowed to end the use of
nuclear energy one of Merkel's key plans
was to shut down all nuclear plants in
the country by 2022 and that put
pressure on the country's use of coal
some things she had vowed to reduce to
win over the Greens Merkel promised to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions 40
percent by 2020 and more than a half by
2030 as it now turns out the maximum
reduction by 2020 may only reach 34
percent we discussed this issue with
Peter Barron from the alternative for
Germany party he believes the promises
made by angular Merkel will be broken
there was no strategy behind it it was a
complete nonsense - to leave the nuclear
power you see all our neighbours are
still using nuclear power this is a very
clean energy this is a typical typical
sign of America's policy that she is
moving towards -
whole political spectrum to left to
right and she is one time serving the
voters of the socialist and and the
other time the voters of the greens
she has no own shape profile which all
the other Chancellor's of former
Chancellor's of CDU of the Conservatives
used to have she will definitely not be
able to fulfill the promises and now we
will see how the public will react on it
