the Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri
has arrived at the airport in Beirut
this is the first time he has been in
the country since he resigned in a
speech given in Saudi Arabia on November
the 4th he will reportedly make his way
to the presidential palace to deliver
his official resignation as a prime
minister to the Lebanese president
Arty's Maria finocchiona
has details on the story for us this is
a long awaited return Lebanon's Prime
Minister Saad Hariri has returned to
Beirut after he spent more than two
weeks outside the country and I have to
say that these were really hard and
turbulent 20 days for Lebanon it started
as a normal official visit to Saudi
Arabia but already next day mr. Hariri
unexpectedly announced about his
resignation in a televised address while
speaking from the Saudi Arabian capital
he then explained that the major reason
behind this decision is the influence
and the attempts by military and
political forces backed by Iran to
meddle into the policy politics here in
Lebanon and throughout the region mr.
Hillery also mentioned that he fears for
his life and worries about his family's
safety it immediately sparked
speculation that mr. Hillery was held in
Saudi Arabia against his will and that
he was forced to resign that was the
opinion shared by many politicians I
have to say including here in Lebanon
including the country's president he did
not accept this so called remote
resignation mr. Harry Reid in several
days left Saudi Arabia go into France
france's President Immanuel McCune
reiterated many times that he considers
mr. Hillary prime minister of Lebanon
and this is exactly the status he's
accepting and inviting mr. Hillary to
France in after France mr. Hillary went
to Cairo many there were some stops in
between and now he's back to Lebanon he
is expecting to take part in the
Independence Day celebrations that I go
to take place here in Beirut oh but of
course everybody's waiting for
explanations over his resignation and he
has promised that he will give more
details and he will clarify everything
while he is a back home so let's let's
wait and see what how it will be
progressing meanwhile the Lebanese army
says it is prepared to counter any
possible act of Israeli aggression that
is according to an official statement by
the Army's chief it comes as Arab
nations led by Saudi Arabia moved to
crack down on Lebanon's Hezbollah
militia
Arty's I Sally picks up the story for us
this announcement by Joseph Owen he's
the head of the Lebanese military
telling the army to be on full readiness
along the border with Israel and saying
that Israel daily commits violations of
Lebanon's sovereignty and so the country
must be ready to face any aggression
from their southern neighbor and of
course it all comes in the background of
these increasing tensions in the region
we've seen the head of the Israeli
Defense Force the chief of staff gal
eysan khat saying very openly actually
that he's ready to have complete
cooperation with Saudi Arabia and to
share intelligence with them on what
they both see as their common foe Iran
and by extension Iran's allies in the
region groups like Hezbollah of course
we've seen all of this coming in the
wake of the Arab League meeting over the
weekend convened by Saudi Arabia to
condemn Iran and of course again their
allies like Hezbollah like the Houthis
and other groups which are fighting and
resisting against Saudi Arabia in Yemen
as well so all of that coming together
in that sense that meeting didn't go
exactly to plan there were several Arab
countries which didn't vote for Saudis
motion whole country quite tense
actually that's the atmosphere here as
they all wait to see what will happen
not just in the domestic politics of
Lebanon but also regionally
