the executive chairman of Google's
parent company alphabet has vowed to D
ranker RT and the news no agency Sputnik
in order to make it harder for the
outlets to reach wider audiences his
comments came at a security forum in
Canada when asked about artis use of
Google's adsense service joining us now
to discuss this further piers Robinson
chair in politics society and political
journalism at the University of
Sheffield good to have you with us mr.
Robinson so Google says it's not looking
to ban RT yet doesn't do ranking our
stories essentially have the same effect
some people might say this is a modern
form of censorship what do you think
well broadly speaking I think is
reasonable to interpret in that way is
is it's not a direct heavy-handed
censorship in terms of blocking you
entirely but it's clearly designed to
make it much more difficult for people
to get to see your reports and hear the
information which is coming out of RT
and it is to intent and purpose or a
form of censorship essentially and as we
see in many different areas in relation
to ever its algorithms on Facebook or
whether it's requiring RT to register as
a foreign agent etc that these are
increasingly coercive and aggressive
approaches to information management
trying to control information which is
available to Western audiences not
full-blown censorship that is getting
very close to that as our T's
editor-in-chief pointed out the tech
giant testified in Congress that it
found no manipulation or policy
violations by RT so how justified is
this innovation intervention in that
case well my opinion would be this is
not justified but I don't think this is
being driven by a sort of a basic
concern over accuracy in the media this
is more reflective of a broader
political strategy that we've been
seeing playing out and you mentioned in
your earlier report about the DNC and so
on all the controversy over Russian
interference
I think this dis attention and targeting
of Russia today Fitz sir RT fits into
this broader political strategy which
serves a number of political purposes it
takes attention away from so
activities during the American election
campaign and a DNC in the Hillary team
etc it also takes attention away from
very important developments in the
Middle East which in many ways are being
to challenge Western actions and
activities such as it in Syria for
example and the drive is is a political
one I think so the question of you know
is this justified as is the right thing
to do is really secondary and in the
eyes of the people pushing this agenda
secondary in their eyes from one of two
trying to control information as part of
a politically motivated strategy Ang's
that that's what this is at the end of
the day it's not justified by how much I
don't think the people pushing you
really care about that Google is a
private company there is no shouldn't be
it's supposed to be independent from
Washington yeah sure I mean it's
supposed to be independent but major
corporations as we've known for decades
major corporations have overlapping
interests with with States in every
country in the world an influence run
can run both ways you see this in terms
of broader historical critiques for
example from home and Chomsky about the
corporate US media and overlapping
interests with the US state
it's the same with Google and what's
happening at the moment these are as it
were actors economic political actors
within a state seeing the world through
a particular for a particular angle or
through a particular worldview sharing
certain interests and perspectives and
then acting accordingly with the varying
degrees of coordination and that's
what's going on now so they should be
independent in reality we know big
corporations aren't and and in those
states and in the way that some people
think that they are piers Robinson chair
in politics society and political
journalism at the University of
Sheffield thank you for joining us on
our tea thank you
