the Kremlin has revealed details of an
unannounced meeting between the Russian
and Syrian presidents on Monday it took
place in the Black Sea resort of Sochi
with talks lasting for hours let's get
the latest now our teaser Jaqueline of
uber joining us live here on the program
Jacqueline a surprise meeting and yet no
surprise I suppose the situation in
Syria was the main focus of discussion
well yes of course clearly not a
surprising topic but out of those talks
did come a rather significant
announcement with the two leaders
confirming that the military operations
in the country really look to be on
their last leg which would of course be
a historical turning point in the
conflict let's take a listen to what
they had to say at this stage especially
after victories against terrorism we are
of course interested in advancing the
political process you just mentioned the
conclusion of the military operation and
I think that the problem of terrorism is
global we're far from defeating it
globally but just when it comes to our
operation against terrorists in Syria a
military operation is indeed concluding
no it's important to remember of course
that just two years ago Syria was
overrun by ISIL but at this point
they've been injected from all major
towns and city cities and really their
presidents can only be found in a few
smaller villages in the country and
because of that the two leaders were
able to begin discussions of what a
political solution in the country will
look like this was of course the second
time that Assad has visited Russia to
meet with Putin in the course of the
country's 6-year civil war the first
time happened back in 215 when Russia
began its military operations in the
country at the request of the government
and now we have this second meeting
coming as it looks like the military
operations are coming to an end sort of
bookending Russia's participation in
military operations in the country
Assad also said that he is ready and
willing to work with anyone who is who
has a goal of peace and settlement in
the country and of course the
de-escalation zones that were created in
Syria or again praised for what they
mean for what they signify for being
really the first steps to getting the
opposition groups to come to the table
and talk which is pivotal
to finding a resolution to the crisis in
the country Putin also emphasized that
Russia does expect the UN to be an
active participant in the settlement in
the final stages of the settlement of
the country and announced that he will
be speaking today by phone with
President Trump and a number of regional
leaders on the future of Syria and of
course it's also important to note that
Russia is hosting a Syrian summit with
officials from Iran and Turkey tomorrow
also to take place in Sochi and those
three states have backed negotiations
between representatives from the
opposition groups and the government a
number of times this year and those
negotiations led to the creation of
those very de-escalation zones which of
course have already produced a
significant drop in violence in the
country so now we're just going to have
to wait and see what happens in this in
the near future as things sort of seem
to be wrapping up and more people are
coming to the table yeah I know
interesting Jackie that as you say
President Putin will be speaking with
President Trump on the phone today about
about possibly this resolution to
resolve the conflict in Syria Jacqueline
booga thank you very much
