relations between NATO and member state
turkey have fallen further president
Erdogan has accused the alliance of
targeting not only himself but also the
Turkish nation artis Paulus Lear
explains what went wrong well
essentially what happened is you had a
NATO military training exercise that was
taking place in Norway and during that
exercise a chart was unveiled that
showed the enemies of the Alliance and
they listed was the name of the Turkish
president aired one as well as a
photograph of Turkey's founding leader
Ataturk now a furious Ankara withdrew
its 40 soldiers from their training
exercise with the Turkish president
saying that this was an affront to the
Turkish people this is not a personal or
party issue the target is Turkey and the
Turkish nation now the Secretary General
of NATO Stoltenberg has apologized for
what he says is a mistake that was
carried out by a private individual
contractor that in no way he says
represents the views of NATO at the same
time an investigation is underway an
apology was also put forward by the
Norwegian defence minister he said that
this did not represent the views all the
policies of Oslo but Ankara has not
accepted either apology with the Turkish
president edwin saying to quote a simple
apology cannot cover disrespectful
behavior
