thousands of anti brexit protestors took
to the streets of Liverpool on Sunday
the crowds of demanding a so called
people's vote over whatever agreement
over the outcome of the Conservative
government's negotiations with the EU
the march coincided with the opposition
Labour Party's annual conference in the
city Labour's leader Jeremy Corbyn said
while he ultimately wants a general
election party members will vote on
Tuesday on whether to push for a new
vote the people protesting said they
hoped Labour's leadership will back
their push
on the Labour Party member or bidders
made big store by saying it's People's
Party bringing the car back to its
people as you probably know today 86%
party members we just do what we can to
try and sway the Labour Party to think
again and support equals Fulton then we
can support them no one voted for any
sort of brexit the politicians clearly
can't get it sorted out we're staring
six months down the line hundreds of
thousands of people losing their jobs
we've got a government storing foods and
medicines it is a disaster and we must
have a people spoke the protest in
Liverpool comes amid growing criticism
of Theresa Mays handling of the brexit
negotiations only last week a brexit
plan was rejected at an EU summit in
Austria leaving the UK facing the
prospect of crashing out of a block next
March with no deal in place after the
summit Prime Minister may called for
greater respect from her European
counterparts
at this late stage in the negotiations
it is not acceptable to simply reject
the other side's proposals without a
detailed explanation and
counterproposals throughout this process
I have treated the EU with nothing but
respect the UK expects the same radio
host and journalist John gaunt says we
have a role reversal with the former
remainer to resume fighting for brexit
while longtime EU critic Jeremy Corbyn
backs a second vote I don't think
another referendum happen I think if
they do there'll be riots on the street
if there's a betrayal of brexit the
Democratic will of the people I think
they'll be trouble mrs. may should never
have got Britain or the United Kingdom
into this situation the Democratic will
of the United Kingdom people was to
leave we wanted to be out of there two
years ago so there's no need for another
vote this is all nonsense and largely
down to mrs. May being pretty useless to
her so we have this bizarre situation
where Theresa May is a relator
but she says she wants out I'm Jeremy
call of Corbin he's saying he wants to
stay in but he's actually a break Satya
they've all got to stop thinking about
their party and their curries and put
our great nation first and they've got
to listen to the people
you
