hello I'm Max Keiser this is the kind of
report we've talked to you for years
about financial warfare people using
markets to wage war against country
country individual to individual and we
saw in Greece when Goldman Sachs and
their buddies decided to tear down that
country and rip it for billions of
dollars of the profits John Paulson
we got Goldman Sachs now it's spilling
over into the crypto world in the
geopolitical world it's happening right
yes this is a remarkable story because
it's something out of sort of conspiracy
theory normally the mainstream media
would say this is conspiracy theory mind
you they have not covered it since the
intercept posted this so here's the
headline leaked documents exposed
stunning plan to wage financial war on
Qatar and steal the World Cup a plan for
the United Arab Emirates to wage
financial war against his Gulf rival
Qatar was found in the tasks folder of
an email account belonging to UAE
ambassador to the United States Yousef
islet a bit and subsequently obtained by
the intercept the economic warfare
involved an attack on cutters currency
using bond and derivatives manipulation
the plan laid out in a slide deck
provided to the intercept through the
group global leaks was aimed at tanking
cutters economy according to documents
drawn up by a bank outlining the
strategy so we'll go through that
strategy in a moment but it's a it's a
slide deck it's a PowerPoint sort of
presentation from the Bank havilland
which is owned by a very well-connected
financier to the Tory party and it's
very interesting right so you have what
we've been talking about the ability to
use derivatives and financial futures to
wage war on another country and the fact
that the global economy has become
financialized we've we've moved beyond
tangible assets as a measure of wealth
we've moved beyond borders as the
national boundaries we have large money
center banks we have hedge funds we have
derivative wielding kind of rogue
traders operating without accountability
they have access to twenty to thirty
trillion dollars worth of offshore money
that's completely
unseen untaxed unknown they have access
to unlimited money at 0% interest rate
from the central banks so they find a
country that they want to attack like
Qatar they can simply go into the bond
market of the stock market of the
currency market and using highly
leveraged bets they can dump a billion
one hundred billion a trillion dollars
at the sell orders they can destabilize
that market they can cause volatility
they can jack up interest rates and what
the point being that modern warfare has
jumped over the boundaries of the
physical world and just as a corollary
to this we're seeing this also in
Bitcoin there's a an interloper a rogue
coin called Bitcoin cash and they're
using the same manipulative techniques
that we're seeing these states use to
try and undermine Bitcoin itself which
is to be totally expected and the
financial features contract on the cime
for Bitcoin is coming very shortly but
this is not unpredictable you have a
group of rogue crypto enthusiasts who
are attacking Bitcoin using a fake
website called Bitcoin cash which is a
fake coin well those are individuals
those are groups of investors those are
groups of hedge funds private equity
thus article mentions that private
equity has done the sort of deal here
this is on a nation-state level this is
the United Arab Emirates this was
presented a plan was presented to them
by a very politically connected bank in
the UK to target another nation
economically and using financial
manipulation and market manipulation so
it's on the first public I mean I think
it has happened on the nation-state
level before but this is the first one
that has been revealed I'll tell you
first about the bank the outline
prepared by Bank havilland a private
luxembourg-based bank owned by the
family of controversial British
financier David Rolland laid out a
scheme to drive down the value of
cutters bonds and increase the cost of
insuring them with the ultimate goal of
creating a currency crisis that would
drain the country's cash reserve
somewhere in the the outline that they
presented to the UAE they said control
the yield curve decide the future so the
plan was that the United Arab Emirates
would buy credit to fall
swaps insurance on the bonds of Qatar
crashing they would the the outline from
the bank says pretend to be friendly to
them pretend that publicly to the press
when you get the press to talk about
this pretend that you're concerned about
Qatar and what's happening but then the
plan then calls for so once you have the
credit default swaps then you should
start shorting the bonds how do you
create the illusion that there's a mass
selling of bonds by being both a buyer
in the seller so many people in the
financial analyst world so in the silver
market for example when talking about
the silver market they said there's no
such thing as manipulation because for
every buyer there's a seller for every
seller there's a buyer so here is what
this Bank very politically connected
bank said to the UAE the plan then calls
for precipitating a run on the debt of
Qatar through a series of sham
transactions to drive down the price of
cutters bonds a manipulation technique
known as painting the tape where players
swap instruments back and forth to
create the false appearance of a high
volume of trades the hope is to get
other traders who aren't in on the plan
to see the high volume on the tape the
market ticker and think that since
volume is high in a period of political
turmoil something important must be
happening prompting them to sell the
sales if the technique goes the plan
would drive the price of the bonds down
creating more panic and more selling
according to the plan the UAE having
bought credit default swaps against a
debt would see the value of that
insurance rise as Qatari debt tanked
alright don't wash trading I just also
known or painting the tape is another
variation on this and I'm just quickly
mentioned yes that's exactly what we saw
in Bitcoin cast recently a lot of washed
writing to manipulate the price but in
this case as you point out this is a
state being lobbied by a bank to commit
financial terror on another state in an
effort to manage the yield curve now why
that's important is because all
countries now are in debt much more than
they have any equity and so they're not
looking to let's say seize property
seized assets or overthrow a government
so much as they want to manipulate the
yield curve as it says right there they
want to raise the cost of borrowing to
the point where the
country in this case goes bankrupt and
they can do that by having access to
virtually unlimited supply of financial
derivatives products targeting that
country and forcing the yield curve to
trade through market manipulation wasps
trading painting the tank and putting
the country into crisis and this is the
hallmark of our age of debt you know
back it even fifty years ago in the
Middle East people thought of that
countries as an oil and gas center but
that's no longer the case of Qatar Saudi
Arabia they're not oil and gas they're
their debt they're in massive debt they
can't pay their debt it's a debt holding
entity which happens to have a side
business and energy well actually the
article points out that the problem for
the plan why it was stupid is that Qatar
does have hundreds and hundreds of
billions of dollars cash so the the
notion they don't have debt they have
cash they have so much cash because
there's only a population of like 10,000
people and they have all the one of the
largest reserves of natural gas in the
world so they have a lot of cash they
the hope was that because their currency
is pegged to the dollar that it would be
like that film roll over a sort of
situation which was set during the time
when the US dollar was pegged to the
gold that you could cause a currency
crisis well they weren't able to have a
currency crisis because they have so
much cash that they could sustain the
peg but here the important part to what
you see going on around the world in the
past few years is this third element of
the plan laid out by the bank to the UAE
the third stage of the plan would be to
ramp up the PR machine in order to
slammed Qatar internationally pointing
to its weakening financial situation
focus on the prospect of restricted
access to US dollar and now doubtful
stability of the country the plan reads
and continue to increase positions in
other words keep the market cornered and
feed fears about falling prices with
manufactured bad news we covered that
when the ruble crisis was happening two
years ago when the ruble fell like 60%
once the currency peg was pulled
the ruble was allowed to float freely on
the markets remember what you saw on
Newsnight BBC almost every single night
for night after night was like the
concern about whether or not Russia
would go bankrupt and just like this
Qatar story is like the the problem for
that concern trolling yeah it's okay to
do it once but they kept on doing it and
doing it do it but they never had
anybody point out that well the problem
is that they have all this cash and they
don't have any foreign debts the same
with Qatar they didn't have foreign
debts they had all this cash so this
plan was deranged it was truly deranged
like it wasn't gonna make any sense but
you did see in a previous incarnation
you saw the third stage that they were
gonna get you know the press to concern
troll about Qatar that you did see that
when it was against Russia you do see it
with Venezuela Venezuela however is has
a lot of foreign debt and has a currency
crisis because of their they're still
trying to maintain a peg right well to
the your point about them having a lot
of cash that's great you know but if
you're using a cash to defend the
currency at some point you run out of
cash but this plan sounded like it was
dead on arrival because the cash hoard
versus their ability to manipulate that
market to an unstable condition was
incompatible with their desire to
basically overthrow the country using
financial weapons of mass destruction as
Warren Buffett himself called them you
know there has been an economic blockade
on Qatar since this plan was concocted
and that has kind of worked the cost of
insuring Qatari debt has risen some 70
percent since May the stock market is
down 24 percent this year and yields are
rising ahead of a bond offering to be
made at the end of the year ahead of
that debt sale the country abruptly
changed how it calculates how much
foreign currency reserves it has so now
they're saying they have double them
foreign currency reserves so there has
been some pressure on it but again the
point is now that this plan has been
exposed the the press obviously you're
not gonna get BBC Newsnight to be able
to concern troll whether or not Qatar it
could try this but it was all about
getting the World Cup transferred out
the UAE it's all about them balls soccer
balls footballs but you know we pressed
this for
years to make the market aware of the
potential for financial weapons of mass
destruction and financial terrorism and
coos using finance in this way so I
would like to take some credit for
seeding the market with this infirmity
our to the second half don't go away
stay right there
welcome back to the Chi is the report
I'm Max Keiser time to have to return to
our conversation with max Blumenthal
he's the senior editor at alternates
gray zone project co-host of miter
rebels was Ben Norton written a bunch of
books he's an actual journalist
investigative journalists he's on the
frontline you're doing stuff you're not
just having an opinion and crying on TV
like most of what we see today
including myself okay so let's return to
our conversation max Blumenthal and
first of all okay you identify as is
left right so what what does the left
what is it like I'm so confused what is
the left about these days what is it
pushing for what is the left wing
American political class talking about
what are their issues well it makes me
want to go cry on TV when I think about
it
I mean what's defined is left is
anything that is to the left of the
Republican Party and so when you talk
about left media they're talking about
things like Vox or raw story you know
what I consider the left right now has
really emerged as sort of an openly
socialist contingency that is opposed to
American Empire and that you know kind
of spaces that's been created through
Bernie Sanders candidacy is expanded
massively and continues you know
expanding the parameters of debate and
shaping the contours of discussion but
it's completely frozen out in so many
ways I mean we've been saying American
socialism is that okay that's a phrase
that's that was so talked about that a
little bit what does that mean well I
mean Bernie Sanders obviously depicted a
certain amount of this he's a socialist
Bernie Sanders that's this party he's so
so that man you feel is embodies a
left-wing ethos at this time yeah and
really at this time it is an ethos I
mean you see very little policy very few
policy proposals or workable ways to
actually enact this and implement a
socialist agenda so I mean it's really
in an embryonic phase you're talking
about nationalizing industry you're
talking about ending corporate free
trade and bringing jobs back home
massive public resources into you know
training workers and bringing you know
healthcare and a universal living wage
to the American public I mean these are
basic core principles but you see
everyone from you know the party for
socialism and liberation to democratic
socialists for America pushing for these
core policies and they're even marching
with union members and even working to
some degree with you know the Working
Families Party and other parties that
work within the Democratic Party so you
have this constellation of groups and I
think they're at an embryonic phase
right now
we're in a new generation where a
majority of Millennials or at least a
plurality actually supports socialism if
not outright communism and that you know
is gonna mean a generational shift in
politics in 20 years apparently this
generation Millennials are rejecting
capitalism and they are embracing who
they believe is socialism and so those
arguing in this case would say well
socialism you know is is not doing well
in some countries Venezuela for example
and this it's having a tough time
finding its footing over historically so
is there an American socialism is there
is there a version of this because I
mean I could point to something like
open source protocol free software like
a Linux is as form of socialism you have
a collective they're all benefiting from
their contributions to the collective
and it's decentralized and it's a bit
anarchistic but this is a form of
socialism that I think is American in
that regard it does that play into this
at all in your view you know the the way
that you know even with like a Bitcoin
for example is a distributed network
protocol it takes on the central bank's
it's closer to socialism than it is to
capitalism there's more satoshi nakamoto
it's a freakin socialist compared to
Alan Greenspan right this does that play
is that coming to your view of things at
all I mean I've heard different
arguments for Bitcoin Prince Alwaleed
says it's like the new Enron what we
already established that he's a
he said there's no central government
there's no central bank and so how good
could it be and now he's facing jail and
have his wealth confiscation but it's
part of this socialism this American
socialist so we're really kind of going
on a tangent here but just picking it a
little bit there's a certain American
tradition of self-reliance and anarchy
if you will going back to Thoreau and
you know and going back to the Walt
Whitman and you know that's a very
American way of thinking and it's not
hard core you know it is a it's it's
different form of thinking that we
haven't seen represented in the daily
discourse anymore
does that factor into American socialism
at all or your thoughts let me just you
know clarify one thing which is that I
am NOT the postmodern Eugene V Debs
sitting here I'm basically what you
introduced me as which is a journalist
with a critique I have my opinions I'm
not a socialist leader and I'm trying to
give you a sense of what I think the
left is like in the u.s. when you really
talk about the these these sympathy for
socialism if not the outright advocacy
for it among young people under 35
you have to just address the situation
that they've been placed in after
decades and decades of deregulation of
libertarian style economics and they're
not in a very good situation by and
large many of them are just in deep debt
for the rest of their lives there aren't
a lot of good jobs out there they don't
really see themselves driving uber
twelve hours a day as a really good
option and they're sympathetic to the
kind of messaging that we heard emanate
from the Bernie Sanders campaign and
that's actually even being sharpened in
a more radical way by groups that are
doing really impressive organizing
around the country like the party for
socialism and liberation I mean their
ranks are growing the ranks of the DSA
are growing and it's really because of
the actual real-life situation that
young people see in this country and I
mean we're not taught when you talk
about people really getting involved in
the resistance this kind of centrist
anti-trump movement a lot of these
people have a lot of skin in the game
and they actually feel threatened
because in many ways they've benefited
from Empire they're doing very well
living in one of the coastal cities but
the people who aren't doing that well
well they're either looking for
alternatives or they've totally dropped
out and that's why you see also record
numbers of people simply not voting you
know when you're spending time battling
the influences of extreme right-wing war
mongering ultra capitalist forces that
are tearing the country tearing the
economy part that's obviously capi many
capitalists are complaining that this
system is eating itself in a ways that's
completely unsustainable so you you're
on the front line fighting that so how
do you develop a constituency of how do
you reach out to this what's the message
to this millennial generation let's call
it like what are they how are they gonna
rally around what what point how do they
coalesce what because there's got to be
something that that's peeling it just
can't be you know we got to take down it
unless it's just an insurrection I mean
are we heading toward an insurrection
where ultimately the social contracts
completely broken and the whole
generation just stands up and says we're
just gonna seize power and we're going
and and that's that is that where we're
going and you see seeds of that
happening I think that's what we need to
be building towards in so many ways I
think when you look at what liberal
democracy has brought this country it's
it's it's brought in a system that's so
easily for elites to manipulate for
banksters to manipulate and so first of
all one of the issue one of the ways to
reach out to a constituency bring people
in who feel left out
we actually saw this from Trump and not
Hillary Clinton which is to have an
actual incendiary critique of the system
and the forces that are abusing people
whether it's Wall Street or the war
makers on the real sources of foreign
influence like Saudi Arabia and the
pro-israel lobby that are taking us to
war and exacting moral injury on the
Heartland where most of the troops come
from we the neo-cons there's no critique
of them coming from Washington so that's
one way to win a constituency Trump
showed that to be true
Bernie Sanders showed that to be true
and Hillary Clinton showed the pitfalls
of refusing to offer critique because it
wouldn't be credible coming from someone
like her who come
from that system but what can you do in
practice you know I've personally been
involved in the BDS movement which is a
civil society movement that is operating
on a global scale to boycott divest from
in sanction Israel it's been a very
important movement in educating people
about Israeli Apartheid and it's had
actual effects on moving Israeli
companies out of occupied territories
but there's no candidate who embraces
these issues right now so this is the
flashpoint in Middle East for decades is
what's happening Israel Palestine this
is undeniably the the the the the the
zone that the octave piece of the puzzle
that's methide it being unlocked without
that being solved there there can be no
kind of progress whatsoever in the
region I mean that that is the key bit
it never gets solved it never gets
unlocked and this expansion into these
occupied territories is a heinous stain
on Americans who don't seem to be
bothered too much by it and it causes
obviously an incredible conflict in that
area you've been talking about this you
take a lot of heat from on this on this
topic but it seems like things aren't
changing when I grew up the the
storyline was very toward Israel was you
you kind of believed the the story that
we were told without it questioning
whatsoever benevolent force in the
region for peace and you know on the
shtetl and a commune and then everything
was about Fiddler on the Roof I played
Tevye in my sixth-grade production of
Fiddler on the Roof I'm gonna piss Kop a
lien but you know that this was a now in
this era it's there is some serious
questions being asked about what's going
on there what the BDS movement is is
that gaining any traction max well I
think a lot of people who grew up
watching Fiddler on the Roof or of my
generation and who went to Hebrew school
or even went to yeshiva are actually
disgusted by the vision that Benjamin
Netanyahu has to offer and you see
um these groups like if not now which
are comprised mostly of students who
young people who went to Jewish day
schools and things like that getting
involved in anti-occupation protest
activity they did a huge protest here at
the annual convention of AIPAC the main
arm of the pro-israel lobby this year
here's a question hopefully have time
for this question you know there's a
here this narrative for decades we're
never gonna forget we're never gonna
forget what happened and you know in
looking back historians as never again I
never get to anyone but us how did it
happen
you know that the the concept of never
again is you know there's two different
ways of looking at it what Netanyahu
offers as a segregationist narrative
never again only to us and you know then
there's the Universalist narrative and
you can look at it in any different you
know set of ways and see that massive
atrocities are happening to people
across the world and some of them are
being carried out by those who are
uttering the mantra never again and so
it's that kind of moral hypocrisy that
I've always tried to call out and I
think you know you're seeing a lot of
the contradictions get exposed right now
the mask is lifting in so many ways I
mean you even have Elie Wiesel the you
know icon of Holocaust theology being
exposed for at least accused of sexual
harassment as part of these this flood
of allegations from Harvey Weinstein
so I mean nobody's nobody is able to
maintain their moral Sheen at this point
I mean look at just look at what's
happening in Washington these past few
weeks whether it's you know manna fort
being indicted for 13 million dollars of
money-laundering off the books and then
you have Tony Podesta leaving the
Podesta group because he had the same
account and he is involved in the same
corruption with the Ukrainian government
he hands over the reins to the deputy
director of jeb Bush's campaign you have
this bipartisan swamp of corruption
George HW Bush gets accused of calling
himself David Copperfield and you know
groping women Harvey Weinstein the icon
of liberal Hollywood who is Hillary
Clinton's big bundler is possibly going
to be prosecuted for rape Anthony Weiner
went to jail yesterday
I mean you look at this from Brussels or
Beijing of what's happening in
Washington you're looking at Sodom and
Gomorrah and meanwhile we're preaching
to the world about liberal democracy and
the values of freedom it's ridiculous so
I mean the this is what the Trump era
has really brought out which is all of
the internal contradictions of this
country the mask is often I think in
many ways this will encourage or hasten
the kind of insurrection that you
mentioned I don't know what kind of you
know I call it the global insurrection
against bank or occupation that all
these flash points around the world are
are part of that Ciotti abba-zaba
jia be called jabo feel free to use that
name my first son jia bouquet name name
job anyway thanks for being on thanks
for having me all right well that's
gonna do it for this edition of the
Kaiser report we Max Keiser Stacy yeah
but I think our guest max Blumenthal if
you want to reach us on twitter it's
Kaiser report until next time bye y'all
