the world anti-doping agency president
has admitted that it's almost impossible
to separate sport and politics craig
Reedy's comments followed claims that
wada had upheld a suspension of russia's
anti drug body on political grounds it's
a sort of impossible dream isn't it
because politics affects every aspect of
your life and sport is such an important
part of people on on Thursday rossabi
failed to be reinstated after not
meeting two criteria points set out by
water but Russian officials said that
those points had no relevance to the
agency's work and that it had met the
other 18 points during a tight timeframe
these two demands are obviously of a
political nature we want dialogue not a
diktat David Larkin an international
anti-corruption attorney has expressed
regret that there is no procedure - as
it were neutralized politics in sport I
think politics and sport is a bad thing
I don't think there should ever be any
political or geopolitical influences in
sport unfortunately that's not reality
there are some so I mean sport is an
enterprise with competing interests what
we don't have right now is a procedural
and legal framework that neutralizes
those completely because of that it's
still a factor in sport
