well welcome to Sophie and kam Sophie
Shevardnadze the string of terror
attacks in Europe is making governments
adapt expanding police powers and
toughening anti-terrorist laws well if
it's help defend against future attacks
where I ask for more head of
intelligence at the French external
security agency along with the so-called
Islamic state crumbling in Iraq and
Syria its terror tactics in the West are
becoming more desperate resorting to
random stabbings and vehicle ramming
attacks in place of guns and bombs with
isil's acts carried out by brainwashed
lone wolves
how can they be tracked encountered will
the public be willing to give up some of
its liberties to prevent future
tragedies and will expanding police
powers be enough to protect people from
new acts of terror lnga former head of
intelligence at the french external
security agency welcome back to the show
it's always great to have you as our
guest
mr. Julia France has ended its two-year
state of emergency imposed after the
Paris attacks the country's interior
ministers yet of cologne says the terror
threat remains high while if the
emergency now when the threat is still
high in our country due to the
democratic system some some
possibilities are not we are not a road
for the police for instance it was
impossible to to have a look on an
apartment or a flow during the evening
of the night you know and that so that
was giving a possibility for the
terrorists and to prepare something
being absolutely free of being caught by
police so for this was such an example
but there were some example like this
one on which all the police was saying
that it was necessary to change it so in
a first period of time during the last
year we use the urgency state as as a
system you know because with your agency
state is possible to buy
pass you know the usual rose but it was
not possible to follow on like that and
therefore Prime Minister but president
macron Prime Minister and Minister of
Interior mr. Kalou have decided to to
push and to promote a new low and to
publish a new law which allow us to do
what was possible to do in the urgency
State but not not in the usual running
of the Gaza State the thing is that
usually people are against when their
liberties are somehow curtailed but
recent polls suggest a major public
supports the new law our French people
is so scared of the terror threat that
they are ready to give up personal
freedoms because it does seem like that
well you know a lousy on this point it
is clear that the mindset of the French
people I've changed you know four or
five years ago there were the democratic
process was seen as you know a
protection in which for the liberties
and it was not possible to touch or to
reduce liberty of any kind of you have
no with any kind of system now it's
different people have understood through
the you know the terrorist attack we
suffered in France you know as Batak law
and others and needs and others people
now react saying well it is necessary to
take the good decision in order to
protect ourselves and therefore they
agree to reduce a little bit say Liberty
in order to give more efficiency to the
police and that's a big change to the
French mine you know if for the French
is really something in believable
because ten to twenty years ago it was
impossible at all and now now it's a
reality people agree to see some changes
but of course it's not possible to
change everything is not possible to
withdraw all the liberties or to reuse
all
okay we all understand that this is
happening this law is a reaction to but
that clone to Brussels other attacks
that have happened in Europe but is it
wise to give the state that much
authority I mean there's always a danger
that terrorism will be used as an excuse
to abuse power and we've seen this
happen before nobody can say that no we
are using the terrorism to to change our
rules no we change our rules because we
are facing a problem and once this
problem will be solved probably the
government will reduce you know is your
operating ok I want to talk about the
terrorism itself and how it has changed
I mean it's not about bombs anymore
vehicles and knives are the new weapons
we're facing and they're much more
difficult to detect moreover one doesn't
meet to be personally linked to a
terrorist cell or attend a hate
preaching set as all the destructuring
information is all over the Internet
well Frances new law be really effective
in fighting this new brand of terrorism
the terrorists have moved to another
attack a much more individual attack
using cars you know using knives that is
to say using tools which are very easy
to get you know to get a car is very
easy to get the truck and to use a truck
is not your problem to buy a knife or to
use your own knife is not a problem
therefore it's much more difficult to
control them on one hand because you
such an individual is much more
difficult to controls any group
obviously and the second is much more
difficult to control someone using
common tools that using special tools as
a Kalashnikov forces which are explosive
which require you know to be to buy them
and it's not easy
so mr. jr. why do you think all the
latest terrorist attacks are suicidal
don't the terrorists want to leave
anymore like they did in the past more
importantly how do you fight someone who
is not afraid of dying well that's about
at the beginning at the beginning it was
a big problem because as you know you
can you can organize the security of his
site or security on someone when the
people who attack are clearly attacking
but they don't want to be killed
now when the guy who attack was a woman
who attack have decided it will
disappear he will die in the operation
is much more difficult to do it while to
to block them you know because there as
they can bypass all the controls and
therefore it is necessary to change the
police the police mind and to organise
the security not exactly the same you
know we have to take into account that
they are ready to go very quickly terror
until the end of the story and so we
have to be prepared for it building
systems warriors and all against them
which are more efficient in such a case
you know and at the beginning we were
not prepared for it but now with the
experience great from the last last
attacks you know I think that as many
women in France we are we are more less
ready for it
but we have to face the reality it's
quite impossible to block everybody
doing this kind of attacks sad reality
the terrorists in the past they used to
wanted something they were fighting for
a cause the Liberation of Palestine
Irish reunification Basque independence
and now what do they want I mean it
seems like they don't demand anything
anymore they just kill people for a sake
of killing once behind it I think that
now we are for those individuals
attacking in France
it's much more people who are against
everything and they are fed up you know
by our civilization by our way of living
behaviors and and so you know they are
convinced that it's impossible to work
in such a country of such an area and
it's better to disappear killing a lot
of people who are not Islamic that that
that the mind the mindset of this this
kind of people
now another team another kind of people
are coming back
that's a fighter and the family of the
fighter retired from Syria's it is to
say obliged to stop in Syria and Iraq
because there is no more war or being
thrown and they come back to ends and
come back to our countries and these
people are much more dangerous than the
others because they are there they are
fighters they made war you know they
know what is rewards they know how to
use you know rifle and machine gun and
so on so and they are more aggressive
because but you know being warriors that
is to say that exactly the same and so
we will have to adapt ourselves now to
this new category aside is the other one
okay mr. Jew yeah we're going to take a
short break right now when we come back
we'll continue talking with Alan Grier
who used to have the intelligence at the
French external security service talking
about different ways to fight the
changing threat of terrorism stay with
us
we're back with a luxury year former
director of intelligence at the French
external security agency talking about
the French and European anti-terrorism
efforts welcome back this is you yet
where will I sis fighters of European
origin go after this so-called Caliphate
is no more do they pose a real danger if
they return yes absolutely
absolutely it's a big danger it's a big
danger because you know these people are
warriors that is to say they have been
trained to fight to do the war in Iraq
or Syria and when they come back you
know they come back with an experience
of the war and therefore they can use
other tools that's the usual individual
tourists we face in France but what do
you think should happens to those
trained terrorist warriors should Isis
returnees be locked up or sent to some
kind of a rehab program what do you do
with them you can't just kill them right
well it's difficult to know what what
will be sore about what will happen in
the future you know with these people
because if you take the experience of
other coals of fire of the war you know
your worldwide it appears that the
warrior of the fighters when they come
back to their own countries part of them
stop you know stop everything and you
know that is a keep this part of the
life as memory but other are still in
the in the idea of fight and therefore
as in Jets so let's imagine you are in
charge of Frances security right now and
this is a problem that France amongst
other European countries is going to
face the other half of the Warriors who
are back and don't want to keep this
part of their life as a memory are gonna
be somehow fighting this war continue
finding this well what would you do what
measures would you undertake what
as you know the friendships orange
governement have say that all the
Warriors and the family man and the
woman of the Warriors coming back to
France will be detained by the police
and judge by the Justice in order to you
know in order to control if they are
clear if they are danger or if they stop
as we say is I want to stop as we said
before the main problems is still is
another children because the children
it's a necessary to change their mind
and isn't it will be a very difficult
issue you is actually getting tough
online extremism in Germany Internet
provides providers face very heavy fines
if extremist content isn't removed
within 24 hours after being flat yet
European security commissioner Julian
King says while tens of thousands of
pieces of extremist material being
removed hundreds of thousands are being
posted how can you make technology move
faster than terrorism well you know I
think first of all you know versus a
police in all all the European
continental Europe or in your new
European Union and now are working very
very tightly against terrorism that is
to say we control a lot terrorism much
more than the people think you know we
control tourism we identify what of the
real dangerous where and you know and we
we have information and we get
information we honor to do the same
situation as five years ago or ten years
ago now we know very well what happens
and we have information coming from the
system from the system now problem is to
adapt ourselves to the a permanent
evolution you know after the attacks in
Brussels the city's former mayor told me
that at Penn
European FBI type of structure is needed
to effectively combat terrorism in the
Union do you think that's a possibility
will you members give up that much
sovereignty for the sake of security I
mean after all they asked us to give up
on liberties to for the sake of safety
so well first of all we have created as
you know we have created as you as a
European level an organization able and
any Commissioner and commission able to
- you - we say - Wow
to work to push everybody to work
together any more efficient way than
before and and we improve the system all
the days you know society is clear now
for the future the problem will be is in
some countries that you're right
in some countries the people maybe don't
sink
don't don't react the same against
terrorism than we and for an obvious
reason they don't have faith then they
didn't face terrorism in zero RIA for a
long time therefore you know they are
not afraid of they are not scared you
know bye-bye terrorism as the population
of our country the south of Europe as
South sir in the center of Europe
because in this area we know and we
suffer - our tourism acts you know all
the time the same ok after a recent
terror attack in New York
German German interior minister has
called for tighter security cooperation
between USA and Europe but every time
something terrible like that happens we
hear leaders citing the necessity to
close to cooperation I mean is this just
a regular cliche or is the level of
international cooperation still
insufficient after all this horrible
incidents and if so then why it is clear
that there is a relationship between all
you know police and services in Europe
and and also we try to work the best way
you know with the American
because the Americans have a lot of
information also and in you know in the
fight against terrorism information
intelligence is the key of the success
Wow you know if you don't have a good a
good a good level of intelligence you
cannot win against terrorism
and for this for this to get this
ability is necessary to work all
together to a change giving that as you
know giving information from one side
for another in order to build something
serious and able to help everybody to
fight say ok let's say you don't want to
join your Intel service with a German
one and that's all good since the French
intelligence is good enough like smaller
countries in the you have a lot less
capabilities how do you work around this
weak links well you know this the police
well again terrorism all the services
are working together the police is
working with the other poor audio the
police you know in other countries
everybody is trying to find the best
solution in order to avoid problems in
his own country but also to help see
other countries that's very clear you
know sorry on this on this point you
know there is no no problem at all there
is a real real partnership between
everybody
now some countries are more adapted than
others some country has more info have
more information than others you know
because you know for for lot of reason
so you know it is necessary to collect
all the data to exchange data but at the
same times take into account that no one
have the same level of efficiency but
each one is doing his best
you know here pass cooperation with
Russian intelligence services on
counterterrorism is very limited it's
limited to threat assessment there is no
operational agreement between the
two sides because of the Ukraine crisis
and sanctions against Russia but the
Russians have quite a bit of
intelligence that could be really
helpful
it had info on these are niver others
for instance and it's Central Asian
expertise is needed since the laters
attackers were from there I mean Russia
and the you may not see eye to eye on a
wide range of issues but one thing you'd
be better off teaming up with Russia on
this particular issue well III can't you
know our president president macro
explains that it is not because we are
not and we are we did we disagree on
some points with Russia that we have to
cut all the bridge with Russia it is
clear that for instance again terrorism
we have to work all together because
it's a common interest and as I said
before when you speak about intelligence
some countries by experience by culture
or by organization as much money for
missions and others it is clear that for
instance for central a force for the
central area you know the north of the
Middle East from the Caucasian area
Russia have a lot of information and
it's interesting to exchange wisdom and
the same we can give them information
also so you know so the problem is the
exchange is a reality between between
the Russian and the others also on these
issues you know you can honor on
political issue on political issue can
can be you know fully fully fully cut
and separate that's exactly my question
you don't have to be I to I on political
issue but that doesn't exclude real
cooperation on terrorism and like you
said what comes in a way information why
isn't this exchange happening well you
don't know why I'm saying you don't know
as me you buy this the same we don't
know exactly what does the level of
change you know between Russia and
European countries on these issues but
on my side I'm sure that there are a lot
of exchange you know the CIA war in
Spain about the Barcelona attacks the
FBI knew about the Boston bombers
European intelligence knew about those
who attacked in Brussels and Paris yet
the attacks could have been prevented
having the right intelligence is
obviously not enough so what is missing
sometimes we fail a lot a lot of attacks
are stopped before to be done and these
attacks are never mentioned you know no
one knows that out from the police
organization and the services
organization no one you know that so the
reality is 'm was the other why some
attacks are made and succeed it's
because it's got it you have we have to
be honest it's quite impossible to stop
everything if if something is made but
for instance by someone we decide them
in the morning that he will attack at
midday with a knife
you know it's quite impossible to have
to to stop it the only thing we can do
is to put the barriers in order to avoid
you know during the attack to make
mama-to-be to the undrew or to cook to
die to kill too much people we have to
be realistic it is necessary to be very
realistic in suppo it's impossible to
avoid everything that's clear but on the
other hand it is necessary to fight all
the time in order to achieve this goal
to stop terrorism altogether mr. Jia
thank you very much for this interview
we're talking with Alan jury a former
head of intelligence at the French
external Security Agency about the
Menace of terrorism and ways to contain
it that's it for this edition of Sophia
and Co I'll see you next time
you
