humanitarian groups are urgently calling
for life-saving supplies to be allowed
into Yemen Saudi Arabia has been
fighting Houthi rebels there since 2015
with Yemen placed under blockade and
that's triggered a serious crisis with
millions of people starving and in dire
need of medicine
all this has left Saudi Arabia's main
ally questioning its role in the Yemen
conflict the US House of Representatives
agreed on Monday to back out of
supporting the saudi-led coalition in a
non-binding resolution it acknowledges
that Washington's goal is to defeat
al-qaeda and supporting Riyadh in Yemen
contradicts that target Congress also
called on Donald Trump to pull out any
armed forces the US has in Yemen this
horror and I'm sorry it's hard to see is
caused in part by our decision to
facilitate a bombing campaign that is
murdering children since the start of
the war in March 2015 the US has
provided Saudi Arabia and its allies in
Yemen with intelligence information and
military equipment the support also
included refueling flights for coalition
warplanes as I mentioned earlier
America's involvement was originally
intended to fight terrorist
organizations however the Houthi rebels
remained the main target of Saudi
attacks and they're a group not
recognized as terrorists investigative
journalist Dave Lindell
says US officials are beginning to
change their minds on the situation in
Yemen we're seeing that maybe the the
images coming out and maybe the world
opinion that's starting to shift on
Yemen is leading these people in the in
the Congress to in the Senate to look at
this and say do we really want to get
dragged into another war it's a shift
Authorization Act has been used abused
since it was passed practically which
goes all the way back to 2001 if they're
waking up to the idea that they can't
just keep stretching the boundaries of
this 2001 authorization for use of
military force you know they should do
that but they may you know come up with
new acts to do the same thing
