the term hate crime is usually
associated with attacks against minority
groups and reports into the problem in
the US are suggesting it's very much on
the rise now a recent FBI report
suggests a spike in hate related
incidents in 2016 and a lot of media
outlets have been quick to link it with
the u.s. president's strong rhetoric
Samira Khan next takes a closer look at
the cause and effect behind those
numbers a spike in hate crimes in the
u.s. is all over the headlines after the
release of the latest FBI stats what
we've seen since President Trump got in
office is is a rise in hate crimes hate
crimes are on the rise across the u.s.
after the election and since he won hate
crimes are rising since Trump's victory
America has been grappling with the
reported rise in hate crimes hate crimes
have reportedly been on the rise across
the nation many outlets chose to present
the figures as confirmation of reports
that blame the rise on racial violence
on donald trump's campaign and then
there's the Southern Poverty Law Center
front and center against the rise of
hate crimes under Trump now they claim a
five-year high as Trump rolled towards
the presidency and that was indeed the
case let's zoom out so there was an
increase from 2015 to 2016 by over 200
cases but that's far from a peak now
2014 to 2015 way before Trump kicked off
his controversial campaign was actually
a third higher let's zoom out some more
17 years ago during the Bush
administration over 9,000 hate crimes
were registered in 2001 alone putting
last year's figures firmly in the shade
the mainstream media in the United
States do not like Donald Trump and
they've painted a very false narrative
of him talking about how he will
increase animosity between ethnic and
racial groups the United States which
has not happened they talked about how
he is colluded with with the Russian
government they've provided no up until
now still no proof of that and they've
been much greater controvert
and they've completely ignored them to
break it down further according to the
FBI's data the highest spike in hate
crimes was actually anti white crime
well I mean the statistics don't bear
that out in 2016 the number of hate
crimes ticked up very slightly but it's
significant it's statistically
insignificant and Donald Trump had only
been always only president I mean
there's only the president-elect for the
path for the last two months of 2016
well the rise in hate crimes is surely a
present and grave issue but a quick look
at the bigger picture might just put
your mind at ease Samir Khan Artie
