thousands of students and trade union
members have been marching in cities
across France this Thursday protesters
were voicing their anger over president
macrons labor reforms the changes were
signed into law in September and are
widely seen as limiting workers rights
and handing more power to employers in
Paris some demonstrators vandalized
buildings from their charlotte Dubinsky
reports thousands of people turned out
to the streets here in Paris to voice
their concerns and their anger against
president Matt grants plans to change
the working conditions here in France
around four to five thousand people here
on the streets of the capital and there
were other demonstrations on this
national day of action that was called
by some of the biggest unions in France
they're worried about what they say the
erosion of working rights would be under
this new working directive by mr. Mack
gone and they say that a hundred and
twenty thousand jobs are at risk now
like many of the protests we see here in
Paris this protest was no different in
the sense that it was actually marred by
a small group of people who decided to
start wreaking havoc on the streets of
Paris smashing some of the buildings up
as they walked past them in fact we were
actually stopped at some point during
the the protest as people were targeting
specific buildings I need to say that
this is a small group of individuals who
are not linked to the trade unions what
we saw is them smashing up buildings
like banks building societies and places
that rent apartments here in Paris and
it was seemed to be very targeted very
angry stopping the crowds and in fact
when they saw that we were trying to
film they actually blocked our camera
and threatened us and said you know
you're not allowed to film us doing this
because they're concerned about the
police being able to work out what their
identity is well apart from that we've
been speaking to some of the protesters
about what this protest was really about
why they're angry and what they think of
president Mac Wong's idea to reform the
code to travaille all the working
directive this
is what they told us we think that the
way Macomb passed the law by executive
order isn't a tacit democracy we didn't
ask the people whom the saw is about we
are very angry because this law is not
for employees they simply lose all of
their rights Mac Rome wants to
liberalize optimize and destroy all the
security of workers he wants labor costs
to be at a minimum and we are here to
denounce this policy which is not in the
interests of workers well the people
here are hopeful that the fact that the
code to defy and the fact that although
macron has signed this and given his
approval it still needs to be debated by
the Parliament here in France and
they're hoping that by holding protests
like this by showing how many people are
unhappy and concerned about these
changes that they might be able to get
parliamentarians in France to change
their mind and to not support this law
as it's debated in the parliament at the
end of November for the moment though
they're holding their breath and hoping
that they can continue protesting like
this to make sure that their voices are
heard loud and clear all right well
let's get the views now over Luke
reveille he's the editor in chief of the
People magazine and he joins us this
evening Luke good to have you on to our
tea welcome we've seen there just from
Charlotte's report thousands of people
have been demonstrating against these
reforms today in fact some polls were
looking at say that opposition against
these reforms stands at 58 percent if
there's such opposition wise macron so
keen to push them through
well he's keen to push it who because
France needs this new flexibility in the
workplace employers need to fire and to
hire easier like in Germany and other
countries in Europe they are lagging
behind and they need to re-inject some
form of flexibility in the labor market
that's for sure
everybody understands that but of course
the unions the people are
are very much against it the thing is
that Michael occupies to the center of
the political spectrum the full center
and so the extreme left which is the
only support that the unions have in
Parliament in the assembl√©e nationale
are 17 17 members of parliament among
577 so the support for the unions is is
very small very narrow even if shown
with men on show is very vocal to
support them in Marseille today despite
that the unions have shown their force
their strength of course but it will go
through very certainly go through the
decree will be passed very easily in
Parliament because the debate will be
very short do you think that people will
see the benefits to these reforms then
quite soon I mean you you're saying that
they are needed and the industry needs
it do you think the people that are
suffering now will believe that they
will suffer will see benefits quickly I
don't think the benefits will be there
quickly of course everybody knows that
these reforms take time and and the
employers must first get used to it and
see if it functions and then reorganize
their their workshops and and their
employment in general so it will take
time and the people rightly fear what
what will happen in the coming years to
three years before it starts to show its
effect but France was again lagging
behind all the European states in in
terms of flexibility and this was needed
one way or another the form government
had tried it failed this time it seems
that my core even if he is very
unpopular for the moment will go through
with this reform without too much
difficulties that's a way to do this
then it sounds like perhaps in your
opinion this was the best way forward
ramming this through within the
executive order well this is not very
democratic the these executive orders
and most politicians say repeatedly that
they won't use it until they use it in
this instance probably it was the only
way to get it through because the French
people are very good
- go - let it go through and this labor
reform was really the first big
stumbling block for Michael if he
manages to pass through then he will
have a period of of let's say a long
period to do what he wants to do on all
the points but this was key for him for
his movement all much the opposition on
the right is is in shambles I mean they
they are now discussing for how to
design their new they don't even know
how yet their new president on the right
role or Voki is for the head people
can't want to come lepen Mahina pen is
still in the aftermath of her failure to
to win the presidential election and on
the left as I said earlier Lisa's to
meet the group of men on show is very
small in Parliament so Mac has a very
very large majority and he's sure to
sail through Parliament easily with this
of course the street can still decide
but after the demonstration the heavy
demonstrations today everywhere in
France it seems that it will be pushed
through without too much difficulty okay
alright Luke we'll have to leave it
there but so we really appreciate your
insight that was lucrative a
editor-in-chief of the People magazine
thank you
