the former Lebanese Prime Minister's
accepted the French president's
invitation to come to Paris that was
confirmed by president makrand office
within the past half an hour or so Saad
Hariri sparked a political crisis in
Lebanon when he flew to Saudi Arabia and
abruptly resigned about a week ago
Emmanuel macron stresses though that the
invitation is not an offer of political
exile Jim is shot with newer I spoke
with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
and Prime Minister Saad Hariri we agreed
that I would invite the prime minister
and his family to France for a few days
there's also a gesture of friendship in
the willingness of France to contribute
to restoring calm and stability in the
French side of it is very curious I mean
it's it's quite a thunderbolt what's
happened just yesterday is that mr.
macron has offered Hariri some sort of
exile they're not using the word exile
of course but they're stressing this is
an offer to him and his family to come
for just a few days that may well be a
euphemism for to come here indefinitely
we just don't know there are more
questions and answers at this point
France would be the obvious country to
make such an offer you have to
understand that there's a history of
course a colonial history with France
and Lebanon but also the her areas had a
home for a number of years in Paris so
there seems to be a simply quite smart
move so this all started on November the
fourth when Harry arrived in Riyadh and
was a reinitialize arounded by police
and detained he had his phones taken
away from him and he was told on that
date that the Saudis were very
displeased with his one-year Premiership
in Lebanon way negotiating affectively
nothing immediately made a speech which
more or less said I'm resigning and I
blame Hezbollah for that and then just a
couple days later after that he went on
the record and did a live interview with
Lebanese television saying that he would
be back in Lebanon within a few days I
think that reassured a number of people
in Lebanon that that that things could
be things could calm down if we move on
to just recently just yesterday the
patience of the Lebanese president
Michelle owned snaps and he went public
and stated that this was international
law being broken he believes that
Lebanese Prime Minister was being
detained by the Saudis so the French
have come in at an interesting moment we
don't know for sure if he will go to
Paris we Reuters are citing Elysees
sources
whoever said he will certainly be there
but there's a question mark over how
long it will be some news agencies are
using the words for a few days
certainly I can tell you there's enough
people in Lebanon who are eagerly
waiting for him to come back to Beirut
and to kick-start negotiations which
have not really moved forward for a
whole year now with Hezbollah as for
what's happening inside Lebanon Middle
East analyst Ziad nazar says the
government there appears to be pulling
together in the face of outside pressure
if our area is not there somebody else
will lead the government and all the
major players in Lebanon will still be
in the government and the Saudis are
trying to dictate their opinion on the
Lebanese government and today we find
the Lebanese actually uniting in
opposition to a dictate from outside you
know it's it's a shame that Lebanon has
to be forced to become a battlefield
between the Saudis and the Iranians in
fact if you really look at what the
Saudis are trying to do is all their
confrontations with us with the Iranians
whether in Syria in Iraq and Yemen they
seem to be losing these and they're just
trying to open a new front in Lebanon
and that's what the general belief
amongst the Lebanese is which is why the
interested nation was not accepted
