Britain is stepping up its search for
alleged Russian influence in its affairs
after UK researchers claimed that more
than 400 Twitter accounts tried to sway
voters on brexit what example
highlighted was an alleged a Russian
tweeter whose profile didn't fit someone
usually into British politics but posted
or retweeted nearly a hundred posts
mentioning brexit our London
correspondent Polly Boyka looks at the
facts behind the allegations in recent
weeks and days the British media has
been heavily focused on the lack of
progress at the brexit talks and the
problems facing two resumes government
the Russian interference story has drawn
the fire away from all that and now
media outlets can pour over the question
of how many trolls does it take to
incite a revolution not many according
to everyone we approached to discuss
this story in London do you think 400
Twitter accounts from from Russia is
enough to change the outcome of the
referendum here in the UK well I think
it could I can get could I can sort of
and there could be a lot more yeah so
you think it's only the tip of the
iceberg yes I think it's just the tip of
the iceberg I believe there is something
at the bottom of it and I'm being very
careful with my answer but where there's
smoke there's fire
usually if Russia did this I'm not
surprised
the idea that 400 Twitter people will
affect the movements of millions as it
were mostly mostly people who don't even
read anything on Twitter is absolutely
laughable the idea that 400 social media
accounts are capable of swinging an
election in the UK or anywhere else is
just ludicrous
in fact it's so ludicrous it's almost
comical
it seems Russian interference is
interfering in everything these days a
conference about women and leadership at
the summit and this has come up as one
of the topics why is it a topic for
women in leadership well it was more
about the world we live in
today and the unsettled nature of it and
the topic of you know brexit and Trump
in power what the hell are we going to
do and the topic of Russian let's say
interference at some level was discussed
no one I spoke to had anything to say
about evidence that maybe because there
isn't much of it do you think the Prime
Minister is wrong to be putting the
emphasis that she put on this last night
on Russia no no I did to accuse them of
of meddling well I think she probably
has evidence to indicate that that was
the case
probably there's also Britain's head of
cyber security Kieran Martin has said
that Russian hackers have attacked
British media telecommunication and
energy sectors when asked for proof he
said he couldn't get into precise
details the Prime Minister's
spokesperson has said that Downing
Street didn't have any evidence of
successful interference in British
electoral systems and this was the way
the Foreign Secretary put it I haven't
seen
but that doesn't matter because if you
ask a member of the public here if
Russia did meddle the answer is most
likely to be da for questions of Foreign
Affairs like faraway Russia the people
in the UK are prepared to suspend
disbelief to simply accept what they are
told if the Russians are blamed often
enough people will say ok we accept that
you don't have to tell us anymore what
Teresa me and other leaders are doing
across the West is trying to divert
attention from their own
responsibilities for for the enveloping
crises political crises that are taking
place at home and abroad so in this
context they don't need evidence Russia
now is seen as an easy target as resume
later clarified her comments that she'd
made on Monday telling MPs that she was
not talking specifically about the UK
they look at the speech I gave on Monday
they will see that the examples I gave
of Russian interference were not in the
United Kingdom
