a while meddling fever still grips
America it seems to have also spread
overseas Hungary is now accusing
Washington of interfering in its
upcoming elections the Hungarian Foreign
Ministry has summoned America's invoice
over us plans to fund local media the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade
has summoned the US chargee d'affaires
came for an explanation and told him we
consider this a political intervention
by the US Department of State
ahead of the elections the US State
Department said on Monday it would
devote 700 thousand dollars to fund
rural media outlets in Hungary it says
the goal is to increase access to
objective information in the country it
will offer technical and financial
support to local media as well as a
platform for Hungarian journalist let's
talk more in this story I'm happy to say
that Daniel McAdams executive director
at the Ron Paul Institute is back on the
program always good to have your company
Daniel so there we have it the Hungarian
government calling the move political
intervention your thoughts on that well
it is absolutely blatant political
intervention the United States is going
to go to the hungarian countryside it's
going to prop up certain newspapers that
it considers to be a pro democracy which
is pro washington and this is an advance
of national elections coming up next
year but also more importantly because
this doesn't get into place until
earlier in the year it really has more
to do with the local elections it'll
take place in 2019 and that is absolute
political interference in the internal
affairs of Hungary which by the way has
had numerous completely free and fair
elections including the current ruling
party Fidesz has been elected three
times in totally free and fair elections
that sounds like democracy to me from
the report it does look like Washington
did not consult the Hungarian government
about the plans at all
why wouldn't they that's the real
question and I think there are a couple
of important things David Kosta logic
who's the deputy chief of mission who
was summoned he was also summoned back
in
or when he gave a speech attacking the
Hungarian media which is free and fair
it's privately owned for the most part
it has a diverse perspective he attacked
it in October him was called and now he
was called in for launching this program
of course he's not acting on his own but
I do have a hard time believing the
President Trump is even aware of this
intervention in Hungarian internal
affairs the State Department is made up
of never Trump errs they hate the fact
that he's trying to cut their budget I
just have to believe that he's not aware
of it and President Trump and Viktor
Orban have the prime minister of Hungary
have a very good relationship so I think
this is a rogue operation by the State
Department and I think it would be a
very wise thing for a Secretary of State
Tillerson
to put an axe on it so just to put it in
other language then do you see this as
an attempt to boost the Opposition in
Hungary is this one of the things that
are trying to bring attention to do you
think this is absolutely the case the
State Department has been opposed to
Viktor Orban in his feed s party from
the very beginning they have intervened
repeatedly since 1989 1990 on the side
of the opponents of the center-right in
Hungary these are the same people that
are entrenched in the State Department
they feel that they are pursuing their
own policy and is it's absolutely a
politically biased political motivated
attempt to change the media in the
hungarian countryside and break up the
popularity of Viktor Orban Swedish
government when you look at this in just
coming so shortly after Daniel
accusations in America of Russian
meddling in the u.s. how does that sit
well is it it's IIIi would think it's
hypocrisy on one part because without
any evidence the u.s. accuses Russia of
intervening in its eternal affairs in an
election and then the u.s. blatantly
overtly intervenes and interferes in a
Hungarian election you don't go in and
you know prop up certain newspapers in
the countryside and it just in advance
of an election and call it not meddling
imagine if the Russians were were we're
subsidizing American media that was in
favor of a Russian favored candidate the
entire America would have a pan
attack they've had a panic attack with
no evidence so no it's absolute
hypocrisy on the part of Washington can
we just expand on something you said
it's quite an interesting thought to me
the timing of it as you mentioned there
are elections coming up I think there's
parliamentary elections as well as local
elections within the next 18 months
the timing time what's your thoughts on
that well I think the timing is too soon
for this program to be operational for
the general elections coming in 2018 but
if you start getting media in the
countryside that starts propagandizing
the population in a certain way that
starts covering things a certain way and
they do it because they're being paid by
the US that will have an effect on the
local elections that will follow the
general of elections in 2019 and I think
that is the real target feed s and
Viktor Orban are very very popular in
the countryside that is where their
strength is and I think this is an
attempt to weaken that from the ground
up we'll be keeping a close eye on
developments on this thanks very much
for your take this hour Dan Ian
McKellen's executive director at the Ron
Paul Institute's
