UK's new defense secretary wants to stop
british-born ISIL fighters from
returning home by killing them through
drone strikes they are going to inflict
more and more harm on our country so
does that mean eliminating that threat
completely yes it does
a Britain estimates that around 850
people travelled from the UK to Syria
and Iraq but researchers warn that at
least 425 of them have already returned
that's the largest number of any
European country we've been discussing
whether the kill order is an appropriate
measure under the circumstances if
there's a real threat that if they come
back to our country that they may cause
mayhem and they may be involved in
terrorism it's absolutely right we take
whatever action to keep our country safe
but if it's opportunity to capture
people to hold them to account and to
get intelligence from them
about the threats the ISIS are directing
in our favor then I think we should
rather than being in favor of
extrajudicial killings we should
actually say let's capture these people
let's get the intelligence and let's put
them away for a very long time you could
get a lot of intelligence from these
people but the people were talking about
our involved in low-level fighting in
many cases trying to capture them would
take an extraordinary amount of effort a
lot of people talk about it but they
don't know the reality it's better to
deal with people while they're
combatants and they can legally use
military force to neutralize them rather
than cause all the problems and they get
back to this country our friend is
absolutely right yeah we are all
fighting Isis well this this is the
difficulty it's not completely a
military solution we've got to ensure
that the process of the devitalized
issue is a proper test and that the
people that are involved in extremism
and terrorism for example within the
Prison Service are given the support to
get them off and you know the Muslim
community rather been an enemy of
society and under the the intelligence
agencies there actually should be at the
forefront of leading this the danger is
we will see the so-called Islamic state
transition from a physical base
caliphate to a virtual type caliphate
trying to encourage terrorist activities
across the globe and there's already
some evidence
that's happening
