when governments tighten the thumbscrews
on the media there are a number of
international agencies and groups who
are geared up to defend free speech
we've been in touch with many of them in
the wake of RT America being forced to
register as a foreign agent in the
United States but it's been a strangely
muted reaction as more Agosti have now
explains Washington has had enough of RT
Russia today a Russian propaganda arm
why have you not shut down RT on YouTube
it's the propaganda machine mr. Walker
RT pushed what we might call fake news
it can't just shut it down
but making life miserable that it can by
law RT America will now have to put this
disclaimer on all of its work if we show
you a video of a fireman and Texas
rescuing a kitten well that's brought to
you by the Russian government
every Twitter account of RT America
where its correspondence has to have
that disclaimer in its bio problem is
that it doesn't fit into the bio which
means that RT America can't be on
Twitter RT will also have to send copies
of everything it publishes to the US
government reports videos and even
tweets within 48 hours everything must
be ready for inspection at any time so
Howard journalists reacting freedom of
speech groups and all that well here's
how outrage they are I'm afraid I'm not
well enough informed about this
particular topic to report anything of
substance to your viewers well that's
surprising and here I thought it was all
over the news for weeks okay next
response the office of the OSCE
representative on freedom of the media
has just received an official letter on
this issue we cannot provide a comment
for the time being not sure where the
OSC have been but they say they just got
the letter obviously had no idea
what was going on vacation maybe next as
this is an issue about Washington that
it's not appropriate for us to comment
on the details oh that explains it the
National Union of Journalists only
comment about things in the UK and China
and Iraq Island Syria Canada Russia Iran
Israel Turkey and so on
yeah their response has been left
wanting the precedent this sets is huge
it's enormous
but hey doesn't concern them yet Russia
has been so effectively vilified by the
press by the US government by the UK
government that organizations who should
be speaking out for free speech who
should be condemning these attacks
against RT are either too afraid to do
so or they see they are actually aligned
with the attacks and so I find that
incredibly disappointing I think people
whether they like our tea or they don't
like our tea should defend our teas
right to exist to broadcast in the
United States to say what it wants to
say to interview who wants to interview
I think the right to free speech the
right to free inquiry is now greatly
under attack in the United States in the
land of the free you better watch what
you say or I'll put you on a list my
guest you have there now on top of all
this one of America's most popular news
aggregating websites is getting caught
up in the campaign against RT The Drudge
Report which links to hundreds of news
sites is under fire from the Washington
Post for showing stories from RT the
site's accused of publishing links to
Russian propaganda even though it's only
a tiny fraction of what Drudge links to
from the Washington Post itself is how
site boss Matt Drudge reacted I've
linked to Washington Post over 10,000
times in 25 years of doing Drudge Report
I only give them 37
scent of their referral traffic is the
brutal business not even a thank you
instead you're a Russian operative this
was all faintly amusing and ridiculous
for a time but it's now heading into a
dark place it's a dark and dangerous
path and we don't know how far that path
will now go it is branding of
journalists as agents and that's very
dangerous of course for the safety of
journalists in many hotspots and
difficult parts of the world
