the British Prime Minister has called on
Europe to unite against supposed threat
from Russia in a speech he accused
Moscow of military aggression election
meddling and also spreading fake news
it is Russia's actions which threaten
the international order on which we all
depend so I have a very simple message
for Russia we know what you are doing
and you will not succeed because you
underestimate the resilience of our
democracies the enduring attraction of
free and open societies and the
commitment of Western nations to the
alliances that bind us the UK will do
what is necessary to protect ourselves
and work with our allies to do likewise
ok well let's get to the details now
from Polly Boyko who's in our London
office Polly we've got a taste there if
the sort of tone of that speech and what
else did she say
look the mansion-house speech
is an annual event where the Prime
Minister traditionally delivers a
foreign policy speech and introducing
her today was the Lord Mayor of London
he's sort of like the figurehead for the
City of London and he used the
opportunity to remind the prime minister
that really the City of London is
getting pretty nervous about the state
of the brexit talks that they want a
positive outcome from there they want
more certainty now that's what business
here in the UK needs and he said that
fine words butter no parsnips and the
city needs a good deal now however the
Prime Minister's speech hardly touched
upon brexit at all instead Theresa May
focused on the global challenges facing
the UK and its allies and so talked and
very quickly to Russia Theresa May
accused Moscow of seeking to undermine
Western values she used the phrase
international rule-based order in
relation to Russia violating that system
more than once and she wheeled out a
pretty comprehensive list of accusations
against Moscow take a listen sure has
fermented conflict in the Donbass and
mounted a sustained
campaign of cyber espionage and
disruption this has included meddling in
elections and hacking the Danish
Ministry of Defense and the Bundestag
among many others it is seeking to
weaponize information deploying its
state-run media organisations to plant
fake stories and photoshopped images in
an attempt to sow discord in the West
and undermine our institutions well
despite all that alleged meddling and
hacking Teresa Mays message to Moscow is
that it will not succeed that the UK
will do what is necessary to protect its
allies this is Teresa ways this is
Teresa mais way of dealing with Russia
take a listen
driving reform of NATO as it's vital so
this vital allowance is better able to
deter and counter hostile Russian
activity it is why we have stepped up
our military and economic support to
Ukraine it is why we are strengthening
our cyber security and looking at how we
tighten our financial regimes to ensure
the profits of corruption cannot flow
from Russia into the UK now
interestingly after all that tough talk
the Prime Minister then struck a more
conciliatory perhaps a more hopeful note
she said that the government doesn't
want to return to the Cold War she
doesn't want to be in a state of
perpetual confrontation with Russia
either she said there is another way
that's why the foreign secretary Boris
Johnson will be traveling to Moscow soon
in order to seek dialogue in an attempt
to build bridges but she did issue those
pretty robust warnings to Russia what I
think is important is to place this
speech into context domestically Theresa
May has had a pretty tough start to the
week here there's very little progress
in the brexit talks are so little that
it's reported now that the EU chief
negotiator is preparing for the
potential outcome of a No Deal scenario
of a collapse in the brexit talks and
here in London there
rumors of a plot to oust Teresa may of a
potential vote of no-confidence from her
own party and that's not even getting
started on what opposition politicians
are saying about the way she's been
handling this brexit process the media
is talking about her lack of leadership
and her ministers telling her what to do
at the same time so perhaps the one
thing that all the squabbling
politicians here can agree on is how
much of a threat Russia poses mmm okay
thanks so Polly that's Polly Boyko there
for us in London well we can get some
further insight now because we've been
talk with political commentator Adrian
young and he joins us on the big screen
hello there Adrian thanks for coming on
this evening um what did you make then
of Tory's amazed speech well is this
classic by version I think it's very
clear that to reason a struggling on a
on a number of issues domestically not
least of all the brexit negotiations
which seem to be stalling and of course
the the mansion-house speech is an
annual set-piece event where a prime
minister is often used to talking on the
bigger issues rather than just domestic
policy but it was clear that you know
there are a number of issues she could
have talked about she could talk about
breaks Italy more depth she could have
talked about the issues in North Korea
with greater clarity but she chose
instead to focus on the issues with
Russia and I think that actually what
that does show is that this is a real
concern for the West this is a real
concern for the United Kingdom and for
NATO and for the US and I think that the
perhaps Russia needs to listen and to
understand the the level of concern that
there is in the West about these
allegations of interference in the US
election the French and German election
the brexit referendum votes you know the
West fears that that what Russia is
seeking to do is to reassert itself on
the global scene which is an entirely
legitimate thing for it to do I am glad
but I question whether the way that
Russia is allegedly going about it is is
the right way forward in terms of
reasserting itself as a global where is
it I take what you say there but at the
same time just a few days ago we heard
Donald Trump say on Saturday look I
believe Putin when I may
and he said look I didn't do that we
didn't do that we didn't interfere in
your elections and then we here today
Steve minuchin the Treasury secretary
saying look isn't that about time we all
moved on from this Russian narrative
we're hearing that from America and yet
with now we're hearing today this line
from the UK is that odd well I question
whether the US and the UK are talking to
each other on this issue and whether
Teresa maze has sort of gone off left
field or whether it's Donald Trump that
is left you you can't tell this is a
very strange time to be commentating on
on political matters but what I do think
is very clear is that there is a level
of concern that the the West has and
whether that concern is is is valid and
legitimate means for others to say what
I do think is is key though is that
Russia doesn't need to understand the
depth and the level of that concern and
to work with the West to address that
concern rather than fueling it now it's
for Russia to to make its case and I
think that what Teresa may have done
today is you set out the concerns that
she particularly feels and understand it
was the end of her speech you made some
conciliatory comments I hope that that
when our foreign secretary Boris Johnson
goes to Moscow I think sometime in the
new year there will be an opportunity
for a new set of talks with with the
Russian President and with those around
him where those concerns can be
expressed in a more diplomatic and
discreet way as far as it's possible for
Boris Johnson to be diplomatic and
discreet and I hope that we can perhaps
form a new way forward with with Russia
where we can move on from the concerns
we have but Russia does need to
understand that he's that the Vladimir
Putin in particular unfairly or fairly
is for other to decide he is seen as
sort of an unreconstructed KGB agent
that's waging this covert war against
the West to to undermine Western values
into asserts Russian yeah
Reagan that's that's a narrative isn't
that we hear a lot and it would also
reach the point where goodness may
aren't we just hearing this time and
time again Russia's responsible for at
solutely everything I mean at the same
time taking on called what you say you
can well it's me isn't it taking it to
the extreme now I agree and I think that
very often Russia is it's held you know
it's a joke it's a social media joke now
when when your telephone line goes down
or use blow a fuse oh I blame the
Russians and then it has almost become a
joke now where where any major problem
the world where in the Russians and I
think that's that's perhaps not not no
no I need it unfair I think what it does
is it actually diverts away from from
the real issue which is that there is
this suspicion and Mayor it may not be
warranted I think that Russia has some
questions to answer but I do think that
the West's need to actually take a step
back and have a listen to what he's
going on to understand why it is that
Russia coming off the back of 70 years
of communism quite rightly wishes to
reassert itself or national identity and
to project a strong image on the global
stage and there is a very legitimate and
real place for Russia in the world and
we need a stable and secure Russia a
prosperous Russia but what we don't need
is this tension that there is my fear
that at this moment in time we're at a
place where relations between Russia and
the West could go in one of two ways and
what I actually think is the right way
forward is for there to be a fresh
beginning a sort of an understanding
that Russia has its place in the world
and that the West needs to respect that
and to accept them as a sphere of
Russian influence but the Russia also
needs to understand that the West is a
liberal tolerant place but you know we
we have our way of doing things and we
like these them democratically we like
the rule of law we like stability
okay let's hope Yuri you were right
Boris Johnson's speech when he comes
over in a few weeks time oh you're nice
to talk to you that was Adrian Yellin
the political commentator thank you
