at least 20 you countries have set to
sign a new defense pact Monday morning
later today it's been promoted by France
and Germany let's go live to Berlin and
on Europe correspondent Peter Oliver
tells a bit more about what's on the
cards here yes big deal this a lot of
signatories what are the key points here
what's gonna happen right well this has
been put forward by the European
Commission and some are saying it was
done so in a slightly underhanded manner
late on Friday evening this what's
called a permanent structured
cooperation or Pascoe agreement was put
forward some would say to avoid
attention from both NATO and from the
European Council but ministers from
proposed member states have started to
arrive in Brussels were expecting them
to be discussing this but what does
pesco entail well 20 countries are
expected to sign up to it we could say
this agreement in place by the end of
this year it's designed according to its
architect to improve security and also
to deepen defense cooperation across the
EU it has been put forward as something
of a military Schengen if you will it's
supposed to allow military hardware and
equipment to move across borders of
member states without having to go
through checkpoints also to establish a
crisis response unit and and joint
military training now it does come on
the back of a lot of discussions that
have happened over the past few months
about a an EU army in fact talk of that
stepped up following the United
Kingdom's decision in 2016 that it
wanted to leave the EU they had been
firmly against an EU army but one
particular EU leader that is wet very
much in favour of an EU military is
Emmanuel macron are in need of profound
changes I proposed to our counterparts
to create a European army and I open
this initiative towards the French army
and all militaries coming from all
European countries voluntarily
France has to possess a joint
intervention force common defense budget
common doctrine to act so the French
president on board with an EU army but
when it comes to this
military Schengen Agreement or pesco
there may be a few wrinkles to iron out
between two of the major architects
that's France who want to see a smaller
force that fits within France's current
airy current military objectives and
also want to see a force that would be
able to intervene abroad whereas Germany
well they want to see a larger more
inclusive pesco agreement critics of
which though say well it could become
quite cumbersome and and in fact they're
quite a hamper the effectiveness if you
allow too many people in well Foreign
Affairs ministers have started arriving
in Brussels for talks on this we're
expecting them to sign something
throughout Monday I'll be keeping an eye
on it as soon as any news comes out of
Brussels of course I'll be bringing it
to you here on RT all right we'll wait
for that Peter for now thanks so good
idea or not depends a look at I guess
the defense packs already been touted as
a new NATO by some but critics suspect
it'll be a strategic disaster I think
it's definitely another step in the
wrong direction because of course there
has been coordination among the elements
of the European countries for defense
purposes but overall this has all taken
place in the context of NATO and there
is no real difference because the
policies which have been persuaded and
this last period were very much
confrontation against Russia the NATO
build-up so I think it is to be seen in
this context and definitely is not it's
not something which should be seen as
some kind of separate or whatever or
entire NATO I would not directly see it
as aggressive move but of course I see
it quite critical
first of all Germany with its history
should not be more than a defensive
military structure and with this Germany
suddenly is also having the possibility
to do actively some military action I
think it will help to play always the
card good cop and bad cop the good cop
is then the European Army and the bad
cop is the NATO so I think they will
really
arm-in-arm
