it's been calculated that by the end of
this year the US will have spent a total
of five point six trillion dollars on
wars in Afghanistan in Iraq and in Syria
that's triple what the Pentagon says it
spent and American universities worked
out that it means the average US
taxpayers actually footed nearly twenty
four thousand dollars to pay for their
country's lengthy war on terror and the
cost looks set to increase too with NATO
now planning to put more troops on the
ground in Afghanistan too we have
decided to increase the number of troops
the current level is around 13,000 the
new level would be around 16,000 we have
fought now for 16 years there non-stop
we've lost many thousands of people I
think there are 56,000 grievously
wounded casualties we need a fundamental
very fundamental change in our strategy
and I think it would begin to draw down
our military presence in many places
across the globe the more that we engage
in the war and terror the more
terrorists we produce
