video has been released of an unexploded
rocket reportedly fired by Saudi forces
lying in the streets of the Yemeni
capital sana the head of the bomb
disposal team claims the rocket was
likely targeting a police academy in the
area and it comes just a day after
saudi-led air strikes hit the Defense
Ministry there it's feared that there
may have been civilian casualties as
some of the buildings collapsed as such
scenes of destruction that you can see
now have become a daily occurrence in
Sanaa Riyadh has intensified its
bombardment of Yemen in response to a
missile fired towards the Saudi capital
a week ago by Houthi rebels right after
last Saturday strike Saudi Arabia blamed
around for it saying that Tehran
supports Houthi rebels later a senior US
Air Force official said that the
ballistic missile was made in Iran to
run denies accusations every night
rating markings on those missiles has
been demonstrated and there are pictures
that depict that so to me that connects
the dots to Iran in terms of who's
supplying this missiles and that
capability we do not even have the
ability to transfer missiles to Yemen
it's their missiles and they've managed
to increase the missiles range Iran
analyst and director of the
International Center for Human Rights
ardeshir Salazar D believes that Yemen
proves civilians are paying a high price
for the game Saudi Arabia and Iran are
playing in the Middle East both
countries are trying to be the king of
the Middle East Iran and Saudi Arabia
and they sued Saudi Arabia's bin Salman
already declared that the Dalbert with
Iran is impossible so I can't predict
that they will come up with a resolution
but that's the best strategy for
civilians in Yemen and even in the in
the area
