day two of the APEC summit and the US
and Russian presidents have approved a
joint statement on Syria according to
the Kremlin Putin and Trump discussed
the issue on the sidelines of the summit
the joint statement was prepared by the
country's top diplomats Russia's Sergey
Lavrov
and his American counterpart Rex
Tillerson earlier on Saturday and our
details here with RT correspondent Ilya
Petrenko despite the fact that a formal
bilateral meeting between the presidents
of Russia and the West Lattimer Putin
and Donald Trump never took place
although they did shake hands and we saw
them having a discussion while they were
walking along the alley
somehow a joint statement on Syria from
the two leaders came out first of all
Vladimir Putin and Donald trum have
confirmed their determination to defeat
Islamic state in Syria besides this when
it comes to the Syria peace process and
efforts by the US and Washington Air
Force in the country the two leaders
have agreed to maintain current channels
to ensure the safety of Russian and US
military in Syria and prevent dangerous
incidents in the Syrian airspace
speaking of de-escalation zones in the
war-torn country the leaders said that
they agree how important they are once
again and Putin and Trump reaffirmed
their commitment to sovereignty
integrity of Syria called on the parties
in Syria to participate in the political
process
Putin Trump confirmed in their final
statement once again that the peace in
Syria has to be reached in the framework
of the Geneva process now let's just for
a moment go back to looking at the
interactions of the two leaders here at
the APEC summit in done on Vietnam
