Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump have
exchanged handshakes at the asia-pacific
Economic Cooperation forum in Vietnam
but an anticipated former meeting
between the two leaders didn't
materialize auntie Zilla Petrenko is in
Danang for us here's how one of the most
anticipated scenes of the APEC summit in
the Vietnamese city of Danone unraveled
the heads of state were already lining
up for the so-called family photo
ceremony wearing traditional Vietnamese
outfits Vladimir Putin was already
standing in front of the cameras and
then Donald Trump came in he approached
mr. Putin they shook hands and then we
saw them standing together for the
actual photo now
here's another thing that I also noticed
at the actual gala dinner table on the
hosting leaders right and left we saw
the leader of China Xi Jingping and the
President of Russia Vladimir Putin while
Donald Trump was sat somewhere on the
opposite side we've seen the Putin Trump
handshake here in Vietnam but no formal
meeting or talks that many many people
here were really expecting I can tell
you that journalists were on the brink
of so to say harassing the officials on
both sides Russian and American about
the possibility of the meeting but the
formal meeting didn't happen maybe some
other time now the White House press
secretary Sarah Sanders said the
official meeting couldn't take place
because of quote scheduling conflicts on
both sides was that the case that's
discussed this with author and Russia
analyst Martin McCoy joins me on the
line good evening Martin well it was
reported separate to what Sara sander
said that there were certain
disagreements within the Trump
administration towards a meeting between
the leaders what do you think's gone on
I think it reveals that the troubled
administration is a weak administration
it split several ways and everyone knows
it split in two basic groups one one
group which would favor a rapprochement
with Russia closer relations let's solve
these problems which
they're dividing us and the others and
no no no we don't want that because if
you do that you play to the Democrats
hands you play into our opponents hands
you play the role rulers hands the
investigator who's looking into these
things we don't want any more contacts
any any contact with any Russian
official now is in fact dangerous in
fact it could lead to misrepresentation
and it could look bad back in the United
States mr. Murrow will look at it and
say ah perhaps is something I can learn
from that and because the Democrats will
weigh in by saying right
Trump is there to make concessions to
President Putin he's a weak president
and he's got to do something and he
wants to do a deal and from his point of
view
our deal is one where benefits are on
both sides and for a lot of American
politicians especially in the Democrat
side they don't want any deal with
Russia even though it may advantage may
be advantage to America itself such is
that the demonizing of Russia and Putin
at the moment and the scrutiny of Donald
Trump for alleged connections with
Russia presumably the media and
investigators in Congress will be
obsessed with anything that happens now
so even for example something as
seemingly innocent as them standing next
to each other in shaking hands
there can be repercussions yeah there
can people reading things into this yes
in fact it goes back to criminology
where you analyzed those who were they
and on the podium for the on the lens
mausoleum when there was a march past
who was standing beside whom has
somebody been moved one place to the
left or one place to the right that mean
he's been downgraded or upgraded and so
on and they're playing the same thing
here that's quite extraordinary that
president Trump would then shake hands
with President Putin and then somebody
would say would something would put on
the American side I presume would pull
the plug and say no no no we can't go
ahead because this would look bad back
in America and it will do you harm and
the situation is toxic now because
the American administration really is
afraid to meet any Russian official
because it can be misconstrued even used
by the political enemies back in the
United States and the Democrats love is
and the press love it because they they
want this type of information and they
will didn't make a big thing of this and
I wouldn't be surprised with some story
came up saying that Putin had decided he
didn't want to meet President Trump but
in fact he was the one who pulled out of
the meeting because he'd been offended
by something they could just basically
make up anything if you like fake news
you're in the realm of fake news and
it's quite extraordinary which means the
American administration of President is
very weak very weak and very divided
which is very very bad not in from
America but also for Russia in the world
because you need a strong government and
a strong president in the United States
because the world is work world needs
one and because of the difficulties
which are in the international arena and
I think I can safely say thank goodness
that Putin didn't high-five Donald Trump
as he did the Peruvian leader otherwise
I think the Western media would have
spontaneously combusted nonetheless
media speculation and they're saying
that Washington was waiting for Moscow
to agree on certain conditions for the
meetings that likely do you think
they're always behind the scenes debates
and discussions and you have to talk
through and agree how are you going to
have the meeting what's going to be
discussed and you work out what's going
to be the in the communique afterwards
what you're going to say afterwards and
obviously they couldn't agree and I take
it that they couldn't agree because the
American camp was divided they didn't
speak with one voice and had this spoken
with one voice then he could have come
to some agreement and I presume his
Russian side I spoke was one voice they
had a policy they'd worked out their
their line and so on but there was there
was squabbling on the American side
revealing again the weakness of the
American administration and their
inability really to
fashioned a policy which is a straight
line when when is given the impression
there's always zigzag you can never be
sure which direction they're going to go
in and after this really fast
one could say when President Putin then
moves on to I think he's going to go to
the Philippines he'd try and put that
behind him so on but of course the press
in America will have a field day because
they will they will highlight this as
the one mistake more than one failure of
his run the would warn his Asian trip
because if you go back to his meeting
with Xi Jinping and the way he was
received royally some people said
royally in Beijing and so on and in in
China nobody would have accused the
Chinese of nefarious actions and so on
and the Americans seem to be speaking
with one voice there but when it comes
to Vietnam and down down when it comes
to President Putin then they split and
they squabble among themselves and it
does not reflect very well on US
diplomacy and doesn't reflect very well
on the u.s. president massing good to
have you on preciate your views Martin
McCall is my guest author and Russia
analyst
