three people have been injured in
southwest France after a car rammed into
a crowd according to police the driver
says he did it on purpose shot at
Dubinski has more around 4 o'clock local
time here in France the driver of a car
rammed his vehicle into a group of
people outside a college in the French
commune of blanik which is down in the
southwest of France near Toulouse now we
understand that three people three
students were injured in that incident
including two has said to be in a
serious condition in hospital owner
being treated for their injuries now we
understand that those who are injured
with students and were also of Chinese
origin in that community now the French
media are reporting that the the driver
was known to the police however he was
not on any security watch list and we
understand that the police are treating
this as a deliberate incident the 28
year old driver was said to have been
known to the police because he had some
previous minor offenses including some
offences including drugs but just to
repeat he was not on any security watch
list
