Russian lawmakers are drafting
tit-for-tat measures targeting American
financed media in Russia allotted the US
Justice Department ordered RT America to
register as a foreign agent by Monday
artis Medina cotton ever reports the
Russian government has been working on
the mural like measures to the pressure
on RT from the United States including
the possibility to urge some media
outlets there working here in the
country but are financed from the United
States to register as a foreign agent
now while lawmakers are working on these
tit-for-tat measures there is a list of
possible candidates that might be hit by
those restrictions and among them are
CNN Voice of America Radio Liberty and
its current time television channel this
shouldn't come ready as a big surprise
as many Russian top politicians
including the Russian President Vladimir
Putin Assad for several times that some
some type of restrictions will be
introduced just as Thursday RT received
the letter from the US Department of
Justice where a deadline of November the
13th was sad for the channel to register
at the American branch RT America's a
foreign agent now while RT America will
comply with the Department of Justice's
demand and register as a foreign agent
our T's editor-in-chief margarita sue
Mannion said that the channel is being
forced into conditions in which it
simply cannot work mr. Sevilla booty
gives me you just imagine you work in
the media and have to sign everything
you do with foreign agent or produced by
foreign agent how does it feel for any
media outlet to disclose its personal
data its contracts to have to declare
any interviews that you do to ministries
and institutions this can't be called
part of the job these conditions are
aimed at destroying us as mass media
Crusher on the channel has been mounting
and the past few months the use of its
ads on social media platforms has been a
point of focus for the US Senate
committee investigating
allegations of Russian alleged
interference and the 2016 US
presidential elections and the latest
move in this regard was when a Twitter a
banned the use of all RT ads on its
platforms basically giving the channel
no warning
now many Russian politicians has already
branded what's happening to RT as a
witch-hunt against the channel
