French president Emmanuel macron has
effectively called the Iran nuclear deal
into question saying that it needs
revising Artie Charlotte Dubinski
reports
well Emmanuel macron has been speaking
in to buy on Thursday where he's been
talking about the future of the Iranian
nuclear deal that was agreed back in
describing that deal as being
insufficient for the future this is what
he had to say in the situation we're
facing now this agreement of 2015 is no
longer sufficient
it should not be reconsidered or
eliminated but it should be completed
with necessary points
well mr. McComb went on to say that he
wanted to remain firm with the Iranians
in regards to its ballistic missile
program and its influence in the Middle
East talking about the fact that there
was no other option other than the 2015
deal even if it may not be the best deal
available and that's into relation to
what we've been hearing from the u.s.
from Donald Trump over the last few
months the threat posed by Iran and it
is indeed a threat there's no question
about that Iran is not living up to the
spirit of the deal well Donald Trump is
not the only person who has raised
concerns about that agreement back in
2015 the Saudi foreign minister has also
previously stated his concerns Iran has
not lived up to the terms of that
agreement with regards to the behavior
that is expected of Iran in terms of
promoting stability in the region rather
than instability and death and
destruction
well mr. Markin also warned about not
exacerbating regional tensions
the area coming off the back of a
missile strike on Saudi Arabia just a
few days ago by rebels in Yemen
mr. makan saying that that ballistic
missile came from a Iranian Providence
Charlotte Dubinski RT Paris and I could
speak now to cafe after SC Arby's a
political scientist and was a former
adviser to Iran's nuclear negotiation
team have a good to speak to you
the two main proposals coming from
Emmanuel macron tougher monitoring of
Iran's missiles capping Tarin's regional
as he discarded their head Germany isn't
this just a cueing what we've heard from
from Donald Trump is this that this is
the good cop to Trump's bad cop I hope
not and unfortunately President macron
seems to be sliding closer and closer to
president Trump and his disastrous and
very one-sided Middle East course of
action one would expect the French
president to play a very delicate
balancing role defuse the crisis in the
region and you know stop playing kids
close with the Saudis who are committing
horrendous human right violation you
know this humanitarian catastrophe in
Yemen and now sabotaging the very
delicate political process in Lebanon of
course one does not know what President
macron said to the Saudi leadership in
his unscheduled visit there but you know
there has to be some synchronicity
between his public and private
statements and his public statements are
pretty disquieting right now because
they own they not only contradict his
statements category called support for
the Iranian nuclear deal you know at the
UN just a couple of months ago and so
forth you know he seems to be appeasing
Iran's rivals in the region maybe he's
trying to be a shrewd salesman of French
arms to the region France has a naval
base in UAE
as you know
and trying to insert itself in the
regional security calculus more
organically whatever it is I think that
president micron is treading the wrong
path and is is not really faithful to
that mediation role that's required to
defuse this very potentially dangerous
crisis in in the region katha you will
know from your own personal experience
how difficult it was what a painful kind
of long drawn-out process it was to
negotiate the existing around nuclear
deal it was touted as a major success
for peace in the region it's been like
that for many years suddenly Donald
Trump says he hates the deal and the
questions are being asked what what has
changed if anything why is it certainly
not a good deal of course it is and you
know even the European leaders have
repeatedly gone on record back in the
day agreement and warning you know
Washington not to scuttle it and we've
had the EU foreign policy chief in
Washington lobbying for it just you know
this past week but you know president
micron is trying to have his cake and
eat it too and you know tilting heavily
on the side of these old ship terms that
are really you know destabilizing the
region with the behavior for example
against guitar and now Lebanon and so on
and the nuclear deal is very pivotal for
regional peace and security and if it's
undermined one way or another and I
include that the French way right now
that recalls they're not so productive
role during the nuclear negotiations as
you may recall there was an element of
French malfeasance that lengthened the
process and you know might have even
torpedoed it was it not because of the
American leadership in the nuclear
diplomacy as well as the Russian but
right now we are in a very you know very
delicate situation in
regional affairs and requires a neutral
mediator not someone who tells on side
of one party and alienates the other
president macaronis actually tentatively
do in Iran very soon and the French
Foreign Minister
latarian is going to Iran in a couple of
weeks to prepare the groundwork for that
so president macron should better watch
what he says right now yeah it'll be
interesting to see whether he turns down
that kind of rhetoric I'd like to know
what you think about Mac Ron's comments
about capping Iran's hegemony as he put
it in the region now last time I looked
Saudi Arabia is intervening in a range
of places certainly in Lebanon and Yemen
why no mention for the Saudis why the
focus on Tehran what I think that you
know the reasons are very obvious France
is catering to these super rich old shit
terms and trying to you know sell more
arms to the Saudis and the UAE and so
forth and France has vested interest
that are clouding its ability to perform
a neutral mediating role France also has
extensive and growing economic ties with
Iran and if president macron who was a
novice in office doesn't play his cards
right he might jeopardize the growing
Iran friend France ties and that would
be a pity because a lot of you know
energy manufacturing and a V Asian
industries among others in France count
on this growing post nuclear deal
relations with Iran and president macron
although one should applaud his
intervention to defuse the crisis his
inability to maintain the balancing act
I think is a very risky factor that he
should take into consideration today I
think some really interesting insights
for our viewers there many thanks my
guest caviar CRB political scientist
former adviser to Iran's new
clear negotiation team
