in Minister for Foreign Affairs regional
integration international trade of the
Republic of Mauritius will visit Russia
and the Minister of Foreign Affairs of
Russia will call talks with him on the
4th of November the foreign ministers
will discuss current issues of
cooperation between Russia and America
in political trade and economic
humanitarian and other areas and the
promotion of mutually beneficial
cooperation in transport ship fisheries
tourism and personal training they will
also exchanged views on key issues of
international and regional agendas and
gender and with a special emphasis on
prevention and resolving the crisis
situation in the African context in the
Middle East and country church no
terrorism and piracy in the southwestern
part of the Indian Ocean at the English
the invitation of the minister of the
Russian Federation the Minister of
Foreign Affairs of Belarus will our plan
to visit a Moscow and the ministers will
discuss bilateral context and shadow for
the political context and international
and regional problems they will put a
special emphasis on integration in a
Eurasian Economic Union in CRS csto
taken into account that valerie's will
preside over this organization of this
year and the special emphasis will be
put on the problems and issues
international organizations within the
Nu the OSC o OSCE
they will also discuss the
inter-parliamentary agreement on the
mutual recognition of visas regarding
international regarding foreign
nationals and stateless persons I could
be admitted to the territory about this
states are signatories to the treaty of
the Union State
and as a result of those talks the
body's a plan to assign a program of
mutual action for 2018-2019 and a plan
of consultation between their foreign
ministries of for Russia and Belarus for
2018 on the 6th of November special
talks of the foreign ministers between
Foreign Minister of Russia Minister of
the art entire Republic are will take
place in Moscow the minister will
discuss priority issues relating to
bilateral agenda and a number of
international and regional issues and
also the schedule for bilateral context
at the high and highest level Argentina
is our traditional reliable partner in
the Latin America and we value its
stance in international law and we
attach great importance to cooperation
within the framework of pavilion the WTO
the g20 of at which the Argentine will
preside the next year and these
cooperation between our countries is Sur
characterized by high levels of fair
trade and by investment projects in
research promising areas as energy
including nuclear energy exploration and
purposeful use of outer space and the
creation of logistic and transport
infrastructure we expect to see increase
in cultural humanitarian projects and
expect an increase in information
cooperation and media coverage I would
like to stress once again that
humanitarian and cultural projects that
I mentioned
and that we about which we spoke about
during our first consultations between
the press services of our ministries we
have many issues to discuss and we have
specific proposals from Argentine and
from our ministry we expect the
Argentine team but to come to and to
participate in the World Cup in 2018 and
it is planned to hold a friendly game
between our national teams and on the
17th of November there will be a meeting
between the Russian Foreign Minister
Sergei Lavrov and the head of the
Ministry of Mexico there will be a next
step to develop our bilateral
cooperation and special momentum was
given to that process by the
conversation between mr. Putin and the
President of Mexico Pena Nieto on the
sidelines of the BRICS summit Mexico and
Russia have been consistently are
standing for the democratic and just
World Order with a central role for the
N in international relations and
strengthening world and the world peace
and security our countries cooperate in
different formats within the end of the
g20 the OPAC ministers will also discuss
the diversification of trade and
economic choice and exchange views on
the most acute international and
regional issues we expect that these
negotiations will give a special impetus
to our bilateral cooperation within the
political dialogue and multifaceted
cooperation in diverse areas will help
us coordinate our actions
the World Arena on the 7th of November
there will be an annual meeting between
the Minister of Foreign Affairs Russia
with the participants in the research
and educational program dialog in the
name of future organized by the NGO
Chekhov public diplomacy fund this
program has been in place since 2008 t
11 and we attach great importance to the
dialogue with their presentative of the
experts and scientific community taken
to different positions we believe that
the such a transparent and free
discussion helps us to gain an insight
to russian stances and russian
approaches to the pressure pressing
issues and help us dispel the myths
about our countries about our country
the ministers will exchange the views on
the priority issues of a Russian
diplomacy and they will answer the
questions of the participants in the
program and now we speak about the
situation in Syria under the support of
the Russian ears space bosses of the
Syrian Republic eliminates the last
hotbed of terrorism Russia supports
Syria for normalizing the situation and
prevent they call the to mitigate the
consequences of the crisis Russian side
together with the UN and other
international partners try is trying to
organize the Congress of the Syrian
National Dialogue we hope that Congress
will be an important a milestone for
restoring the multi-faceted the diverse
Syrian society and for national
reconciliation
today we see in the media the reports
about the fall of abukuma
the last stronghold of Isis and before
these event I came I was cleared of
terrorist fighters the result I was
totally liberated and life is being
restored the earth and social and
economic in stress structure is being
reconstructed and there are conditions
for a going back on track in this
country on the 4th of November in there
is all because of the explosion of their
projectile Russian ajaan lee's and
Johnny's work injured and on the 5th of
November a suicide bomber detonated the
car and about 100 people got injuries or
were killed especially children and
elderly people we also stress the
increase in the humanitarian aid from
the young and it is supported by the
Russian Center for the reconciliation of
the opposing sides Russian summative
servicemen carry out military operations
and provide with all the necessary of
necessary goods of the Syrian population
and the life of the common people on the
territory of Syria steadily return to
normal this is this process is
counteracted a body
Anitra a front and by the other
militants
there was a strong publication on the
7th of November in eastern Goethe and
great areas were shelled and our embassy
was damaged in some of the neighborhoods
there was massive shelling once again we
encourage international and regional
actors try to try to help in this region
and to give Him interion assistance
woody Gregg and now we're moving to the
next topic for the seventh report of the
joint mechanism on investigating the use
of chemical weapons in Syria as you know
on November the 7th the United Nations
Security Council's discussed the sevens
reports of the OPC v un joint
investigative mechanism and a possible
expansion of its mandate the information
is available publicly we noted the
speech of the head of the joint
mechanism mr. Murli who cherished in
always the applied methodology and
presented it as professional and
unbiased however I would like to stress
that he hasn't answered any our
questions on the reports consistency
with rigorous scientific methods and we
as we are still embarrassed with
theoretical and logically invalid
persistence
of mr. Miller who keeps saying that
serene used in Han Chi hoon has Syrian
source he gives a very simple
explanation chemical samples from
handshake hoon looks after the precursor
serene DF that Syria listed in
compliance with the CW PC strange enough
that other versions were not considered
such a logic this strange as after Syria
gave they OPC you information about the
synthesis of the Beanery serene this
compound was known long before sure and
i remind it is the precursor TF that was
disposed on the board of the special
American vessel Cape rape where the
samples were also collected moreover I'd
like to stress that according to the
Russian experts participating in the
briefing in the ministry for Foreign
Affairs on November the second serene of
the mentioned compound can they produced
not only industrially but also by the
crude method as for this speech of nikki
Haley in the United Nations Security
Council there is nothing you as usual it
is a collection of ungrounded
accusations of Damascus for using
chemical weapons and absolutely wicked
hints against Russia that doesn't make
credit to the to the American permanent
representative who defies common sense
and diplomatic ethic
as for diplomatic ethic one more what we
have to analyze how the American
diplomacy including within the framework
of the UN and UN Security Council push
for its decisions on Iraq and accused
Iraq of of having and building up its
mass destruction weapon arsenal
you all remember all this talk and all
this rhetoric in the United Nations
against the so-called crime regime of
Hussein that Allah that allegedly used
that allegedly elaborated the weapons of
mass destruction and had far-reaching
plans for achieving world domination
there are several quotes we know that
the American colleagues who come to join
the diplomatic service and come to this
office have no knowledge of what the
what they are Kolok what their former
colleagues said there are several quotes
of the American officials that were
voiced in the United Nations Security
Council in the early 2000 years for
example John Negroponte has said this
regime it is this regime that used the
chemical weapons against its own
population and lied about it let's sign
the non-proliferation treaty and then
started to develop nuclear weapons
program and what this Colin Powell said
we know that Saddam Hussein plans to
keep to keep nuclear weapons Saddam
Hussein had nuclear weapons and Saddam
Hussein employed nuclear weapons and he
will not stop him he'll not shied away
the use of nuclear weapons and we have
the information that he authorized his
military to use weapons she would not be
passing out the orders if he didn't have
the weapons or the intent to use them it
came from the department of state of the
United States and it was voiced by the
u.s. permanent representatives to the
United Nations the UN has a special
website and you can you can look into
you can look into the speeches of the US
officials in the UN we could attribute
it to a mistake but not to a plant
policy it might have been a mistake or
invalid data but recently we recently we
noted the Gordon Brown's memoirs who
reveals who reveals their motivations to
start the war on Iraq
he said that the USA deliberately misled
Great Britain on on the information on
the Iraqi weapons of mass destruction
could you could you imagine that the
United States
light even to the ik losest allies and
sure they had all the information at
that point according to brown the
document the document on the real
situation in Iraq said that Americans
failed to find any facilities for
producing and testing or compiling
biological weapons and they fail to
prove that Iraqi government had chemical
weapons facilities and they had no valid
information on nuclear initiatives of
Iraq
ninety percent of analysis was based on
incorrect intelligence and moreover the
report questioned the capability of Iraq
to produce long-range missiles the
persistence and crude merits of the
American diplomacy to include in the
United Nations Security Council on
Syria's use of weapons of mass
destruction look after their tactics of
the early 2000 in 2002 2003 but it they
were no mistakes it was a planned action
to push for their own geopolitical
interests and by the way it's a good
question whether this strategic
interests were strategic and gear
politic or where they whether they were
personal interests of some politicians
and a range of representatives of the US
elites in those years honestly speaking
I would like to ask a question maybe
this time also there is a secret report
of the u.s. Secret Service's that will
be revealed
after a while but nowadays all means are
justified in order to accuse Damascus of
what of the actions that it didn't
conduct it is in compliance with with
the traditions of the American
establishment and some of its
representatives
however questions should occur how and
by and with what methods our American
partners operate we received a lot of
questions in particular we were asked to
comment on on collecting by biological
materials of the Russian citizens as you
know firstly there were a lot of
satirical and humor and sarcastic
remarks and materials on this story
but afterwards when when the US military
commented on this the situation got
serious and we were asked to comment on
this issue we are concerned with the
information with the US military
research so we are consult with the US
military research it is not about the
cooperation between health ministers it
is not about the exchange of information
between the Academy
I well one one more time I would like to
stress that we are concerned with the US
military research based on biological
material of the Russian citizens that
were collected in our country's official
explanations of the Pentagon on this
issue our unconvincing and raise more
questions that will be we believe that
the event that Pentagon should give
ample proof that the US military
research in compliance with the
international law a vase transparency is
necessary because of the compromised
reputation of the US military service in
the field of biology we have a lot of
examples you can read about them if
necessary we'll give additional
information but just one example
remember the recent story about Selman
laboratory of land forces Utah that sent
live in sports of anthrax all over the
world including overseas military
facilities of the u.s. two-stage
experiments the lack and transparency in
the field of in the spill in the field
of medical and biological activity and
the attention to Russia and neighboring
countries makes makes us enhance our
steps in biological security and another
matter on the request of the
International Criminal Court on the
situation in Afghanistan Russia is
consistent in its position to hold
responsible those who are to blame for
the deaths and the tortures and attacks
against civilians and civilian
infrastructure at the same time we are
not convinced that the icc who could not
show itself as a true
independent and universal organ of
international criminal justice is
capable of holding an objective and
impartial investigation on the situation
in Afghanistan and it is worth noting
that the investigators and the
prosecutors required more than 10 years
to decide to make a request to begin the
investigation we also receive questions
asking us to comment the decisions of
the International Criminal Tribunal for
the former Yugoslavia will proceed from
our understanding that it will assist
its activities before the 31st of
December in accordance with the UN
Security Council resolution 23 29 tops
it in 2016
Russia has stated that the ICTY
is not impartial in its investigations
the civil war in Yugoslavia in the 90s
is a tragic page in world history but
the tribunal is trying to give a
one-sided let's speak frankly and to
Serbian interpretation of these events
and the tents of the ICTY to put the
blame for certain crimes on the peoples
and governments and states on the whole
provoked additional tension and mutual
distrust in the post Yugoslavia and
space and reanimate all problems and
inter-ethnic all conflicts in the region
and we are seriously concerned about the
tribunals neglect for the fundamental
rights of the defendants and there are
numerous examples of this including the
recent refusal of the tribunal to
release the former commander of the of
the Republic of Srpska
blood itch to get treatment in Russia
inspire its worsening health condition
and to provide the safeguards to Russia
the tribunal did not become an efficient
instrument of international criminal
justice being an ad hoc tribunal meaning
a provisional institution the IC CY
operated for more than 20 years spending
billions on its activities and Russia
has repeatedly voiced its concerns
with the removal of the activities of
the tribunal by the UN Security Council
that is why we await the expedient
cessation of the tribunal activities and
the transfer of all its Cape open cases
to the residual mechanism it is a
provisional structure and we insist on
its maximal efficiency in the observance
of the international standards of
justice including the terms of legal
proceedings we also receive numerous
questions from all the media Russian and
foreign ones on the events in Ukraine
there were numerous publications on this
and if I may I will give a summary of
all these questions and give a
comprehensive answer as you know the day
before yesterday Russian Foreign
Minister mentioned a blatant action of
the Ukrainian nationalists in Kiev who
disick rated the memorial to our Soviet
soldiers and cemented the internal fire
and the next day receive news of another
atrocious action of the Ukrainian
vandals who damaged the memorial to
those who died during the the Second
World War and this situation is
absolutely cynical and the inaction of
Ukrainian authorities are also cynical
when they allow the extremists to
desecrate the memory of those who gave
their lives to fight in the war and we
hope that the culpable will be held
responsible and the cases will be
investigated we cannot but react to
other news from Ukraine where we witness
another phase of anti-russian hysteria
and it seems that although those in the
Ukrainian authorities consider it their
task to do something in this direction
including the president poroshenko
himself who recently signed a law on
touring Ukraine in accordance with which
the Russian art
we'll be able to demonstrate their art
in this country only by getting the
permission of the security service of
Ukraine therefore Ukrainian establishes
a regime of total censorship this is
done by current Ukrainian law
enforcement agencies those blue uniforms
that poroshenko said goodbye to by going
to the visa-free Europe and if I were
him I would read once again that the
original poem and of course the
Ukrainian cabinet
does its own actions and on the 8th of
November it publicly adopted a decision
to leave the agreement between the
governments of the Russian Federation
and the government on Ukraine on the
mutual deliveries of armaments and
military equipment spare parts on the
repairs and military services signed on
the 8th of February 1995 judging by the
coverage of this event in the media the
Ukrainian authorities do not know how to
draw more attention to its so-called
uncompromising anti Russian position and
this is means that the situation goes as
planned by the Ukrainian authorities
we've been saying on numerous occasions
that by its policy the regime puts
itself in a difficult position because
the nationalist elements will keep
demanding new and manifestations of the
anti-russian course given by the blood
shedding events of the Maidan to the new
authorities this is what happens
nowadays and and thank you initiative to
cut diplomatic relations with Russia is
another example of this this is not a
new topic and from time to time it has
revitalized in Ukraine and this is
carried out when they need to distract
the public from the new problems
and here we see a clear manifestation
not only of mutual dependence but we can
clearly see and this and this is easy to
do because all these things are in open
access we see links between the matters
of cutting the diplomatic ties and
imposing visa regime on Russia and other
Ukrainian initiatives and with the
attempts to somehow divert the public
attention from new problems that it
faces and no one from the key
politicians thinks about the
consequences of such steps first of all
for millions of citizens of Ukraine
itself including those who work in
Russia and we we continue watching the
situation in Ukraine and we have hopes
that common sense will prevail but the
hopes are still not that high we have
received information from accent of a
channel in mandola on the 13th of
November the Moldova spread president
who sports an improvement of relations
with Russia celebrates its his
anniversary as president and on one hand
we have improved trade and the Moldovan
citizens are grateful to Russia for our
trade relations and on the other hand
the Russian diplomats have been deported
and what do you think about this
anniversary from the point of view of
the development of the relations between
Russia and Moldova and could you
describe the current Russian policy
towards the country we released with the
double power between the trade and
foreign policy this is the question that
we received from all dominant media and
so on the 13th of November it will
celebrate the anniversary of the
Dutton's election as president of
Moldova as president on took a number of
steps
to establish cooperation between Moldova
and Russia because the Eurasian Economic
Union as well as the CIS and this year
mark six meetings between the Russian
president with the president of Moldova
we have established sustainable dialogue
and a large number of questions which
allows us to search for solutions to the
most urgent problems of the bilateral
agenda and the agreements reached after
the meetings have allowed us to
intensify the economic cooperation
between our countries we have increased
the exports of modeling goods to the
Russian market as well as solved a
number of problems of Moldovan labor
migrants in Russia and in March this
year mr. Durden applied to get Moldova
status of an observer state of the
Eurasian Economic Community and in April
the Moldovan president and the president
of the Eurasian Economic Commission mr.
sarkizian signed a memorandum on
cooperation between all dov'è and the
Eurasian Economic Commission and we
positively evaluate the efforts aimed at
promoting dialogue with the Transnistria
authorities and mr. Durden held two
meetings with the head of Transnistria
mr. Krasner Celski and we witness some
progress in the solution of a number of
practical matters of Transnistrian
settlement unfortunately the current
internal political struggle in Moldova
between the branches of authority did
not allow them to fully implement the
initiatives of the President and to
unveil the potential of the rationale
Dovan corporation moreover the
government and the prolam enterin
majority of Moldova have undertaken a
number of steps to limit the president's
authorities and these includes explicit
anti Russian actions
nevertheless Russia is aimed at
long-term development of the friendly
partner ship with in neutral Moldova
based on our long historical links
between our peoples and we hope that the
current
complicated stage in the development of
this country
we'll and and we wish the president of
this country a new success on his post
for the good of the Moldovan people for
the promotion of the cooperation between
our countries as well as six success to
the Moldovan people we cannot ignore the
information on the plants of Latvia to
give the status of World War two
participants to the those who were at
war on both sides on the 2nd of November
the Latvian same adopted law project on
given the status of World War two
participants to those who weren't on
both sides of the war the goal of this
law as declared is to admit the
achievements of those who took part in
world war ii and the authors of the
document do not draw the difference
between the part the sides of the war of
Nazi Germany or the anti-hitler
coalition therefore the Latvian
authorities have once again made a step
to embellish the Nazi criminals and made
the Latvian SS soldiers to the equal to
the Red Army officers and we are
concerned about this information this is
not the first case of glorifying the
Nazi criminals accompanied by the
prosecutions of the Red Army officers
veterans once again Latvian authorities
are crossing the line and we consider it
their aspiration to rewrite history
absolutely unacceptable as well as their
intends to put doubts on the decisions
of the Nuremberg Tribunal who considered
the SS as a criminal organization and
the this law is a clear example showing
that the process of the exchange and of
rewriting history gets more perverted
forms and we think
we will hear adequate estimations from
the international profile Institute's
and Latvian partners from the European
Union and veterans from the veteran
organizations and another topic that I
need to talk about that's in use from
the category absurdness
so we have some of them we have read the
statement made by the prime minister of
the republic of macedonia mr is aiive he
is told about the plans to kill him in
accordance with the montenegro scenario
he made this statement in his interview
to the montenegro radio antenna M on the
5th of November we consider that such
statements are baseless
and some sort of American phrases but we
consider this statement also as an
attempt of publicity stunts such
declarations are considered as an attack
on the relations between Russia and
Macedonia
and they go in contrast with the
cooperation between us
Macedonian Russia such horror stories as
a cover for the engagement of the Balkan
states into NATO since they are not
members of the Alliance yet therefore
they cry the political crisis in
Macedonia was provoked Russia has never
intervened in domestic affairs of the
Republic of Macedonia on the 6th of
November in eastern in the eastern Syria
Republic Srpska we've seen the opening
ceremony of their monument to Vitaly
Churkin the Russia's permanent
representative to the Union and was
hosted
by the Republic Srpska officials Russian
embassies and civic activists we
appreciate the initiative undertaken by
the Association Eastern alternative and
the leadership of the Republic Srpska
and authorities of the of the city we
need to mention that vitaly churkin both
in the most difficult moments of crisis
and the challenging period of post
conflict resolution so to contribute
meaningfully to and they bloodshed and
to protect decent security in
southeastern europe treating his legacy
with respect strengthens and reinforces
our confidences that people who faced
her ordeals in that region will readily
move for towards new truly beneficial
inter-ethnic and interfaith coexistence
with respect to fundamental principles
of the international law now we need to
talk about the media forum that it was
organized in Granada it was organized by
barring villain dowsers Institute the
forum called Russia Eurasia the Korea
it was also organized by the founder US
Congress and the administrator in
affairs of the Russian Federation it was
hosted by the Russian Civic activists
businessmen journalists politicians
businessmen of certain Caribbean states
the common theme of the forum was that
it is very important to strengthen
cooperation between Russia and the
Caribbean region and that includes 14
states in the context of the global
balance of powers in the forming
polycentric although the anticipation of
ties is guaranteed by the increasing the
lateral legal framework especially in
the context of the agreement on
visa-free travels we are working on this
right now in September such documents
were signed by Grenada that will enter
into force on the 24th of December it
was also signed by some kids nevus it
will enter
enter into force on the 21st of November
the late in America and the Caribbean
states are becoming the this a free zone
for the travel of Russian citizens and
it's a good support for the development
of our quadrant contacts and public
diplomacy between our countries now I'm
ready to answer your questions and some
of our Moscow Baku mrs. Sahara WA can
you confirm that soon ministers of
Foreign Affairs of Azerbaijan and
Armenia will meet with comedy that they
are going to meet with co-chairs of the
OSCE means group I need to for a
question to the experts I can say only
that bearing in mind the outcomes of the
summit on Gorna Karabakh conflict the
co-chairs of the oil seaman's group are
going to hold the meeting with the
ministers foreign affairs of Azerbaijan
in Armenia so it's possible that this
meeting will be organized and it will be
brokered by Sergey Lavrov I think that I
already answered your question that it's
planned by a certain organization the
OSCE and we will provide all the details
as for their contacts in various formats
we are working on it right now
I'm talking about the issue of
nagorno-karabakh her settlement yes
please
news agency I would like to do what look
talking about the meeting between the
ministers of Defense of NATO and Brazil
they're going to talk about Afghanistan
and they will talk about the situation
there so that my question is what Russia
is expecting from this meeting and the
second question that I have for you if
the cooperation between NATO and Russia
possible in Afghanistan we are talking
about the possibility well actually we
have
we already have the cooperation we have
certain mechanisms the council nature
between NATO and Russia where we cope we
strengthen cooperation or the Afghan
matter and we have discussed many topics
of practical cooperation in this area
this format and this theme was frozen by
our NATO colleagues and they have
already mentioned why they did that we
consider it as a mistake because this
style shouldn't be blocked we need to
strengthen it and there are many reasons
why they froze the cooperation and there
are many reasons why we should continue
our cooperation and the main reason is
the situation in Afghanistan so I can
tell you that we had cooperation at it
was over temporary nature we're talking
about the strong cooperation here and we
still think that we need to renovate and
to once again increase cooperation on
this matter
as for expectations for the meeting
we've where stand for active cooperation
that's what I can tell you yes please
Kamisha
miss aha Rafa you've mentioned that the
National Dialogue Congress will be
organized in Syria and it will discuss
as was as it was mentioned by Sergey
Lavrov they are going to discuss the
constant the new constitution and also
they're going to mention there they were
and uphold the rights of the Kurdish
people but we've heard the statement
that Damascus is not ready to
discuss this issue with the Kurds so do
you think that this statement is going
to undermine the Congress meeting and
what's a Russia's position for of the
damask statement you know we don't see
any steps made by the masks that are
going to undermine this initiative this
is our unprincipled position so we
maintain a constant contacts with the
Syria and we try to address issues by
call by cooperation and as for your
second question I can tell you that I
can say you're clearly that's our
position or the need to engage the
Kurdish population remains the same we
need to engage the Kurdish population in
different levels and we have mentioned
our position many times and our position
hasn't changed since then we have
strengthened many times that it's up for
the Syrians to determine their future to
determine their fate so we're not
talking about any pressure or the
interference of Russia into domestic
affairs we are trying to do our best to
provide possibilities for the Syrian
people to start the dialogue so the
Congress that you've mentioned may
become supplementary platform for
starting this dialogue as especially the
dialogue with various members of
religious groups especially the Kurdish
population once again you don't you
don't have to find any differences here
because we understand that there are
many
communities ethnic and religious
communities that live in Syria and
therefore it's up to us to provide all
the possibilities for Syria at this
difficult period we need to share our
experience to share our recommendations
how Syrians themselves can rebuild their
state yes please speak to the microphone
please
as we found out Russia and China's two
stated in Beijing that they are going to
develop the North Street the North
Sister and so how they're going to
create cooperation between these
countries are they are they going to
facilitate the further cooperation
between these countries your question
has already announced and I can confirm
that additional integration form should
and must facilitate the strengthening of
military cooperation but I think that I
need to provide to you the expert
material I'm going to do this today or
tomorrow and you will know about these
prosper the prospects for developing
this area so I would like to know about
the to specify the information about the
National Dialogue Congress so when are
we going to have the further information
about it and once again is Russia's
going to present it there and at what
level I would like to pay attention to
the fact that National Dialogue Congress
in Syria is in the
stage of preparation last time I've
mentioned clearly I don't know why you
didn't pay attention to what I was
saying but I've provided the information
in greater detail that we're working on
it because we still don't know the time
they place they wouldn't know anything
about we still are working on the
delegations and participants we're
working on a trade now and once we're
going to receive all the details we will
tell you about it and all the dates that
you've heard they are not official they
were not officially announced by the
Russian Federation or Syrian Republic
and once again we haven't provided any
information about it there were certain
dates but once again they were reference
to Moscow but that was not true that's
why I would like to pay attention to the
commentary made by Sergei Lavrov that he
made several days ago that the date
format and participants they are in the
work right now we still don't have the
full details about it if you remember we
have already published the list of those
who are of guests who will be invited to
this Congress but once again we decided
to work on the list taking into account
direction that we received once again we
are working it at once we are going to
obtain all the necessary details we'll
share it with you
once again you can ask questions I'm I
am ready to repeat the information and
to provide with more details but once
again you need to ask questions to the
countries that organize this Congress
but
shouldn't pose this question to the
countries that have nothing to do with
the organization of this Congress fair
deal cool sure this is not the most
important issue from the globe for
global politics as you know after the
car crash in small and seven years ago
the decision of the of the president
when the President of Poland was killed
we haven't received any answer but a few
days ago we think that on the place of
the crash something was going to be
constructed and we saw that a memorial
should be placed there but we heard that
somebody decided to buy the territory
and now we heard about the plan of the
Polish authorities to eliminate all the
memorials from the Communists Epoque I
will give you the answer we always
provide the answers to all the questions
so we definitely give you the answer
maybe tomorrow maybe in the nearest
future maybe we'll publish its
information and we'll submit it to you
and we'll publish it on the web page yes
please
the sneak-up caucuses the meeting of
Sergey Lavrov with mr. Graham girl what
was the place given to the
nagorno-karabakh settlement everything
on the outcomes has been published on
the web page and Sergey Lavrov said it
on his press conference I can add
nothing to this yes please the question
from Canadian TV could you tell us in
details about the list that was created
last week
when the Canadians asked on responsive
measures on Magnitsky act proved by
Canadian authorities who were the those
people included in the list could you
mention the names and how have you
decided to introduce some names in the
list and can we get this list the full
list was names you know one response
from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs we
said that unfortunately we have to take
measures responsive measures to
unfriendly actions like Canada towards
our citizens and we had to introduce
minimum measures and as far as I
remember there was an explanation of the
principle how we made the list and this
is nothing new it's still the same
methodology and it is about those people
who were progressively deteriorating the
relations between Canada and Russia
expressing anti-russian statements and
were registered as participants or
organizers of anti-russian campaigns or
meetings and various events this is the
methodology that is on which the list
basing on which the lists have been
prepared we are not really practicing
these measures but considering the
anti-russian
of this last year's the this approach
isn't new and those people when
requesting visas will get denials with
relevant explanations nothing new
unfortunately we would like to stop this
vicious practice and we repeatedly
stressed the idea that we really have
some serious issues to discuss with
Canada when the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs and between civil society of the
representatives of various branches of
authority branches of power this is a
whole range of political from political
to humanitarian issues including issues
of countering terrorism and copulation
on international platforms and the whole
potential of Canadian establishment on
the Russian track is directed on
strengthening the attention towards
these activities I would like to stress
again that our tactics and realization
of the responses is not new yes please
could you place to the mic please speak
to the mic yes Maria by general Nam in
the report
military reporter from the US we got to
know that there could be some amendments
from McCain this is under approval
between the congresses at the moment but
the them may be introduced an amendment
that the cable TV channels may maybe
won't be able to broadcast
some news from Russia of course we
always respond or react somehow
unofficial information our at least some
drafts officially published more plans
if there is a similar plan I would like
to repeat that it is pretty complicated
to answer to this question because this
is just a plan not official not an
official information but all the
pressures from the US on Russian TV
channels we'll get some responsive
measures some response responses and as
it happened in the middle of the 90s we
mentioned that if the work of Russian TV
channels were like Russia Today or other
media in the US will be banned or
stopped or will do so will be impossible
for some reasons there are some
legislation in Russia that will use and
that will enact and our position is very
clear we mentioned it under X occasions
yes please
Activia he commissioner ekaterina maria
vladimirovna have a question according
to some media the Japanese newspaper
said that in the end of September Russia
proposed to become a mediator between
North Korea and the US for negotiations
to enhance their relationships but North
Korea refused from this proposal what is
the situation to your mind and how is it
how will it affect the relations with
North Korea
settlement of the issue on Korean
Peninsula is the issue dealt by the US
and North Korea and they are doing this
on various international platforms
including in the Security Council of the
UN and we based on the fact that our
principal evaluation of the situations
that are the basis of our steps on the
settlement of the situations are well
thought and well analyzed and they
resulted in an analytical work and we
believe that this approach will be used
by our side in future federal agency
federal news agency at first I would
like to think for to thank you for the
resolving of the situation with Google
you know in this case I cannot accept
your phrase off because we just answered
your question and we did nothing else in
this case you shouldn't think eyes but
partially maybe I can accept this this
words flattering words but we just
expressed our personal principled
positions I would like to stress again
that we haven't taken any additional
measures everything was carried out in
accordance was the activities that your
company does Great Britain is going to
send a four of Fighters has said the
Minister of Foreign Affairs of Great
Britain and they say that a Great
Britain is strengthening and enhancing
its efforts in the area of security I
understood your question you know
we're not talking about the aggression
of Russia or potential threat no we're
speaking about the fact that Russia is
very confident confidence and question
and potential threats are different
things I do not really understand why
being self-confident and potential
aggressive equal terms in terms of
humanity or organizations or any other
terms
a person can be confident but it doesn't
mean aggressive so this is really the
basis of all these threats by Russia and
the bottom line is very clear we are
irritated by the fact that Russia is
getting more and more confidence in
various directions of its activity at
the same time it is calling on all
parties to captivate on bilateral
formats on international formats like
was NATO collaboration with Afghanistan
we spoke on various occasions on about
the revival of this negotiation so we
see the real motivation of what is going
on in the countries of our colleagues in
the countries of our NATO colleagues
this is not an issue of potential threat
of potential aggression this is the
issue of irritation and the fact that in
various occasions Russia
is gaining more confidence and is
becoming a stronger player on the
international arena but we have to
remind our colleagues about what we do
and if we are players if we're
self-confident players and we have to
play by rules and this what makes us
different from them the rules are clear
they're all defined in the UN Charter
yes please
Maria Baldomir of Nam continuing this
issue US Congress approved the budget
for 2018 military budget and it provides
a huge amount for security I said
everything I want I had two on this
issue you have to refer to our
colleagues from the Defense Ministry and
they would share their expert opinion on
this issue speaking about the
proportions of the amounts of money
allocated for security I think that I
answered pretty clear on this issue in
the previous statement and when this
draft plan will be approved we will
comment on it but you I would like to
stress it again you should refer to our
colleagues in defence ministry good
evening Kurdistan 24 on November 7
listen I serve on the Council of the
Syrian president commented about the
preparedness of Syria to start dialogue
and they mentioned that the words of the
representative of Syria were interpreted
in a wrong way they said that they would
not admit it and Damascus as Kurds to
leave the territories liberated from
ISIL what is Russia's position on this
issue I answered this question and I
have already answered on
the previous issue on the previous
question that the dialogue national
dialogue was in Syria between various
religious groups and was Damascus the
internal business we spoke initially
about the involvement of all that is
into this national dialogue and for this
we mediated and we worked on Geneva
platform we created a center platform
and we now launched work on this
Congress that we have mentioned today
this is our contribution to provide
opportunity for the Syrians to decide
their fate and this is our evaluation of
the situation that all religious groups
in Syria must be involved in the work on
building future of Syria on preparing
its constitution on reviving this city
and the the country I would like to
state again that our evaluation the
situation has not changed I can
understand that you can read out some
phrases and while translation they can
be changed and so please you should
check the information and based on our
principal evaluation of the situation
receiving from our official webpage do
you have any questions yes please again
fidelity no other time to develop the
theme of the Russian media in the United
States
in particular today the Federation
Council asked the Russian government to
quit accreditation of the most hostile
US media is the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs ready for such measures
can we get out of the accreditation for
the hostile American media I would like
to say that in this event you had a
representative of the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs
it's a vice director of the department
of media he was supposed to answer the
questions and comment on it
so in this event we fed our
representative who commented publicly on
this is for the forms and methods of
response to the actions of American
authorities I think we may say even the
Special Forces of the United the United
States who want to neither unilaterally
nor initially we will not undermine the
work of the American journalists or
media from any other countries I would
like to say that we receive a lot of
requests from citizens and
non-government organizations in Russia
that are concerned by all these events
they express their concerns on the
Russian image the information in Russia
in a different media on the American
journalists in this broadcasting on the
fact that Russia doesn't take any tough
measures to stop the activities of
American media in Russian Federation
these people many of them think that
this media make disinformation in Russia
it's a great outrage for example in the
case of such Olympic Games and very
often we receive the waves of outrageous
letters from our citizens for example on
the
Victory Day parades on the night of May
it's not only a celebration Russian but
it's a date related to the life of
everybody in our country - every family
actually they distort this information
and describe it as if these were their
militaries and parades not the parade's
connected with the victory against
Nazism so we have a lot of causes for
this outrage we receive these letters in
print and by emails so people write
these letters themselves and they ask
why we do not take measures actually we
never used the resources we have I mean
the legal resources in order to
influence by the administrative
mechanism the American media or the
media of any other countries we also
always considered that for fake news and
for the spread of distorting information
or for the information that are not
objective we should respond not by the
administrative resource not applying the
law we have that can restrict the
actions but we should improve our
information capacities given more
information giving it immediately and
quicker so we should work more with the
foreign journalists so we always were
for this concept and when they say that
Russian broadcasting channel is
restricted in its activities it's not
only about the
Rochester Channel it's also about the
Sputnik and other Russian media and it's
not only in the United States but when
we talk about the use of all the
possibilities of American forces to stop
the work of this channel that works on a
legal basis and is transparent and its
activities that has nothing against it's
about its illegal actions so in this
particular case we will adopt me Road
measures only as the response measure
next question please
vision as the enemies Information Agency
of Russia daily I would like to come
back to the issue of desecration of
monuments in Europe and for the last
week in Bulgaria since the last briefing
we discussed the issue of who saved the
Bulgarian Jews from NASA ism
during the Second World War the
president of the country said that the
words of representative of the Ministry
of Foreign Affairs of Russian are either
the negligence of history or a
provocation is it about desecration of
the monuments we had direction of the
Bulgarian mr. Foreign Affairs as they
take some measures in order to find
their responsible and to make them
accountable have you any information
about the fact that these people were
really punished actually we talk about
the monuments
silly and political on every briefing
unfortunately the events happening on
the monuments to the heroes of the
Second World War that liberated Europe
and the world in whole and Bulgaria in
particular from masses and fascism are
desecrated they are attacked by vandals
and we understand that windows exist in
every country but we do not see any
adequate response would not have an
immediate actions we don't have any
administrative or criminal response for
these actions so we see that as for
these monuments there are more and more
aggressive attitude of different people
they act not within their historic
context their actions are illegal as for
their results of the Nuremberg trial so
we do not see any reaction from the
states we saw these polemics that
started in the media in Bulgaria I have
only one question why is it that when we
asked to save our monuments to save to
protect our memory it's not about the
metal order letters it's about the
memory of the people who gave their
lives not conquering but protecting and
protecting not their own country but in
other country so why when we ask donate
through negotiations bilateral contracts
and even when we do it publicly why are
we not heard why do they need not listen
to us unfortunately this discussion told
us that they want to diverge the
discussion
on the real evaluation of the monuments
to their historic trend as for the
historic trend track I would like to say
that these are the historians who are to
comment on it we are saying that you
should be respectful of the monuments to
the people who gave their lives not only
to liberate but to protect the lives of
Nations and people against fascism and
Nazism as for the historic issues it's a
question that goes to the historians I
saw their materials published on the
side of history military society for
these statements I think I should cite
it and I should draw the attention of
the Bulgarian media to this information
- this document would not want start
discussions on historical issues we want
to be heard and we want the monuments to
be protected and to be in the Jew
condition and if in the future they are
addressed by vandals
it should have the relevant interaction
from their public authorities do you
have any other questions next question
please
whether personal BBC today Russian media
sample commerce and commented on the
situation of Russian submarines edges
used in India they say that the American
forces were admitted to this marine is
it really the fact and could you please
comment on it
I'm a precise information with our
experts but I think you should address
this question to the Ministry of Defence
of course I will clarify the question
next question please
the 17th of November was a celebration
of the anniversary of the October
Revolution and the Communist Party
participated in the events were there
any other reaction to this event
actually in France there was even the
flag of this revolution I mean I'm
talking about the French Revolution I
thought maybe you were talking about the
Krait October of course they were
victims and programs of course this had
a huge influence everywhere in the world
is there any comment from the officials
I would say that if we have celebrations
on the 4th of November it's a state
celebration and you should take notice
of the statements of the Russian
authorities on this date and I think you
may find the answers to your questions
in these statements is for the
evaluation of historic events I think
that you should be guided by the
addresses made on the occasion of a 4th
of November I would like to stress that
you all know that this is called the day
of the national unity it's a right name
but I would like to draw attention to
the statements made next question please
with us Mr Bond Austrian newspaper des
prés why is it that the Minister of
Foreign Affairs eration is so pleased
criticized the Austrian presidents of
OSCE on which issue German
it was a case on the Crimean journalists
and Transnistria we would like to
understand whether there are causes for
your concerns and this content is for
the counsel of the Minister of all OSCE
at the beginning of December we see that
Moscow is not counted with the work of
OSCE till today could you please tell us
about the reforms proposed by Moscow is
for the preparations for this event I am
ready to answer to this question and I
will talk about it on the nearest
briefing K will have detailed
information as for the preparation of
the Soviet of Ministry of Foreign
Affairs of OSCE as for the critics of
presidency and some deeper reasons and
deeper causes for our s content I would
like to say that everything would not
understand or misunderstand is just a
normal work process and we put it out
loud during the relevant events of OSC
it's not about the Austrian presidency
it's a normal practice of negotiations
and work contacts or even working within
their OSCE or any other organization you
mentioned two points on Transnistria I
would like to receive the comments from
the experts as for the Iranian
journalists I will comment it to myself
the Crimean journalists are not the
mythic persons who give interviews
online and nobody knows whether they are
Crimean or not actually these documents
are within the OSCE and these is about
the real Crimean journalists that lives
there before and live there when it was
a territory of Ukraine
leave there now after the referendum of
2014 these are the people who were born
there who sealed their education there
and who worked there as journalists for
dozens of years and many of them are
from the Soviet Union these are their
authentic real Korean journalists and
for some years they are trying to make
their voice be heard they want to be
talked to the OSCE platform and their
Congress's patron symposiums etc hope
within these formats on the media issues
is a great possibility for it the issue
of Crimea the human rights in the
peninsula is quoted and the data is
included in the documents it's not for
the first time that the Crimean
journalists tried to get to OSCE it's
not the first time that they are denied
the whizzers actually every time we
claim our protest we talk to the
relevant partners who deny the whizzers
this year we decided to facilitate this
process and to suggest a form of a
distance participation of Crimean
journalists either like platform or a
discussion on relevant forum and we were
very surprised at the erection they told
us they we cannot grant them visas for
the relevant reasons but we were very
surprised when the Austrian presidency
said that such a distance participation
of Crimean journalists when they
couldn't go to Austria they just had to
the today technology at not be present
physically within this forum so the
Austrian presidency said it was not
possible why the question goes so we're
going to the real reason it's not about
the transfer of frontiers it's not about
passport services the question is that
the representatives of their rest do not
want to hear the voice of the authentic
Crimean journalists you cannot even
imagine how hard it was for the Russian
delegation to spread the video address
of Crimean journalists on the OSCE
platform the most interesting thing is
that when you ask about the Crimea to
Terran population there are human rights
Ukrainian delegation may come with
anybody and spread any information they
are not restricted on it they do not
face any additional questions and
sometimes there are people who haven't
been living in premiere for a lot of
time and sometimes they are not related
to the Diaspora of the Crimea sometimes
they are provocators they have for the
platform they have the time to express
the opinion why is it that the people
these reports are written about
themselves not through their Minister of
Foreign Affairs or the Kremlin cannot
participate in the discussion you know
that in our platform we realized we
implemented their special bridge you
haven't come to this event but you might
have come it's their union of
journalists of the Crimea and the
relevant
TV channels representatives of some
organizations so they are trying to
break information alee
this Western platform that is charging
so often about them so tell them how to
do it as in the times of the Soviet
Union one of the main topics of critic I
mean during the Cold War and the
confrontation between superpowers
one of the main directions of critics
against the Soviet Union was that the
Soviet people were not given the chance
to go out of the Soviet Union but now it
is the Western world that is doing
everything to block in particular the
inhabitants of Crimea and not to receive
crimeans because they are very afraid of
they are afraid that the voice of the
crimeans directly and the lively voice
of the crimeans can be heard for example
in Europe to say nothing about the
United States that's that is a
particular episode it is not connected
with some underlying conflict it is
connected way of our concrete work and
we made it we make it public what we are
resenting we and will do it will make it
public we will voice our concerns and
claims the Rif well you don't have to
cite any conflict or global problems
there are some particular problems that
we facing but we would like that would
like that the principles of the osseous
always see principles finally prevail
and work
we are not against other points of views
on Russia
well everybody whoever can whoever can
comment on the Russian issues and so we
are not opposing this voices well it's
fine they have their own point of view
but please let the real crimeans and the
real Crimean journalists to be to be
hurt I cannot understand what the what
the whole OSCE is afraid of their wars a
concrete form of online dialogue
proposed it was not about there it was
not about their passports they they were
not speculating on global political
issues and they were ready to answer the
questions that constantly occur in
always see and that are constantly
raised by our Ukrainian colleagues
within the organizations and another
another time they were denied this
possibility please the second round
sinkhole a news agency the question on
the upcoming APEC summit we know that
the Russian diplomats will participate
in this event in Vietnam could you say
and what what the results in which
spheres does Russia expect
I would like I would like to point out
that the questions of Summit and the
participation of the ministry are
commented by the by the president's
executive office any questions yes
please
Valerie sturgeon writer do you know
anything about the meeting of mr. Putin
and mr. Trump in Vietnam well haven't
you heard my comments have you heard my
previous answer okay I will repeat it
the issues of president are commented by
the press service of the president it is
up to them to comment on the president's
participation in different events thank
you very much for attention goodbye
