hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report yes I've got a very wide grin on
my face because that Saudi prince we
tell them
he dissed Bitcoin and now he had all his
wealth confiscated and he's sleeping on
an air B&B and some rich hotel in the
middle Riyadh Stasi
yes max well let's talk about the latest
at the time that we're recording this
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal is under house
arrest under writs arrest you might say
he's at the Ritz in Riyadh sleeping on a
blow-up mattress and he's a major
shareholder of Twitter Citigroup and Fox
Disney all these sort of companies but
the interesting thing about this is it
comes only days after he had dissed
Bitcoin as fraud and part of the reason
why he said it's fraud is that
governments don't control it so he then
goes on to provide a use case for why
one would want Bitcoin I'll read some of
the headlines here
Saudi crackdown widens as more bank
accounts said frozen apparently there's
about thirty three billion dollars at
the time we're recording this seized and
held by MBS as the the new Crown Prince
some say is going to seize absolute
control that he has seized thirty three
billion dollars worth of assets bin
Salah al al walid bin Talal had about
seventeen billion dollars in assets so I
don't know how much of those are frozen
or allegedly frozen AFP news agency at
the time over the weekend when the the
that the arrests and asset seizures
happen Saudis say bank accounts of those
arrested and corruption crackdown to be
frozen so their bank accounts are frozen
you know chaos seems to be happening
it's funny in a way but on the other
hand it's not funny because it looks
like there could be some sort of you
know World War three about to erupt in
the Middle East this guy le wad is a
putz okay he said bitcoins no good
because there's no central government
there's no central bank and then a week
later the central bank in the central
government
sad all of us networth if he hadn't
Bitcoin he wouldn't have that problem
he's like a poster child for why I
should buy Bitcoin anyone who's thinking
about shit I buy Bitcoin look at this
poor idiot sleeping on a mattress in a
Ritz Hotel under house arrest because he
didn't listen to me okay
furthermore he's overrated as a money
manager wealthy dude he's just a Warren
Buffett wannabe he got bailed out in
2008 2009 just like all those other
crooks on Wall Street
he's got no acumen whatsoever he's just
got a bunch of oil wealth he buys
strategic positions and big companies
big freaking deal but he talks like an
idiot and now he's paying the price for
dissing Satoshi well beyond that
actually I think it's quite interesting
because we've been here in Washington DC
and we don't usually watch the nightly
news but we have because we've been in a
hotel and turned it on and it's not even
on the news here none of this is on the
news which seems remarkable but the fact
that like dozens of these princes and
royal family members are under house
arrest under its arrest to at least two
Prince's have been killed and bizarre
one a helicopter crash the other and
some sort of shootout with the police
they say I mean all of this is allegedly
but it's it's so bizarre that is not
being covered on the nightly news even
though it's allegedly such a close ally
of America and quite important to not
only the oil markets but the entire
Middle East then we have the situation
where the likes of the Guardian in the
UK are bizarrely pushing all these weird
lines that this is somehow the great
reformist the the new crown prince is
arresting all these people and throwing
people out of helicopters and having gun
fights with other princes because of
some sort of anti-corruption drive it it
seems really bizarre to witness the the
absolute shutdown and the media of
covering this I don't know why but they
are choosing not to cover it well if
you're a Saudi prince and you buy the
top 7 floors of the dorcester every year
for you and your entourage of 50 or 60
or so then you're a reformist when
you're out there you know killing folks
and do
massive power grab and mucking about in
the world markets if however you're just
an emerging economy that's trying to
make good on trade deals and grow from
200 billion to one and a half trillion
to five trillion dollars you're out
there and eurasia good relations with
Europe good relations with China good
relations with Iran you know you have
Cyrillic in your alphabet and you've got
a good hockey playing leader then
somehow you're a bad guy because you're
not down
you're not buying seven floors the
dorcester on a weekend for your whole
entourage of 50 flying in with a
helicopter and spending maserati type
money yeah it's a total duplicitous
nightmare and this Ally watt dude is it
overrated putz okay well let's go back
to him because this is this is when I
was looking at some of the coverage of
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal
so he's the one of the grandsons the
many dozens and dozens of grandsons
there's like five thousand princess he's
a grandson what's wrong with these
people the founder of Saudi Arabia so
here's a headline I read over the
weekend and it comes to this paragraph
which is so shocking and yet the fact
it's shocking in that what is an
acceptable authoritarian what is an
acceptable dictator what is an
acceptable sort of way to rule a country
to some segments of the press here and
yet not to others so listen to this
paragraph about who this guy is who is
Allah lead bin Talal the absurdly rich
prince at the center of the Saudi
corruption purge as I said he was born
in 1955 grandson of the first king of
Saudi Arabia his holdings in Twitter
lifts Eurodisney in 20th Century Fox
luxury hotels across the world a tower
under construction in Saudi Arabia that
will soon be the world's tallest
building or his opulent palace where
Business Insider once reported the
prince kept a quote group of dancing
laughing joking dwarfs and his entourage
occasionally tossing them around a sport
like human shot puts I was like what
then like he goes on all the media here
and has hailed a son like Warren Buffett
he's just a fiddling
player sort of the cute guy from Saudi
Arabia and he's a Warren Buffett of
Saudi Arabia and apparently they can
also say he's like has this heat
he's a door yeah he's a dwarf which is
uh not politically correct well you know
it goes back to the financial crisis of
2000 r9 remember people were searching
for ways to grow their economy it was in
Florida
that they made legal again dwarf-tossing
it had been illegal yes probably where
he got the idea yes too much on this
point the point is that you know the the
duplicity of the sort of principles
applied to certain countries if it
depends on who is flowing the cash to
you here Saudi Arabia you know they've
they've suffered dearly under the price
of oil collapsing they have a very
hungry population because they don't get
to you know they have seven thousand
princesses their support
tens of millions of ordinary citizens to
support as well they did have to borrow
something like a hundred billion dollars
last year on the international bond
market yeah thirty three billion dollars
could pay off a third of it at least
also on this article about Prince
Alwaleed they also do say because here's
a guy who took on President Trump a lot
of the conspiracy theorists from like
the likes of MSNBC in New York Times
here in the United States what they're
saying is that somehow Donald Trump had
something to do with the arrest of
Prince Alwaleed bin Talal because he had
insulted the president on Twitter and
here they say in the article talking to
locals in Saudi Arabia I will lead is
the Donald Trump of Saudi Arabia an
expert on the Saudi royal house sold
Forbes last year he may be a symbol of
success for some Saudis but many others
view him as being way too gaudy so boys
a vulgar Bulgarian like the Trump asked
million but you know Trump is a kind of
a hardscrabble guy from Queens who took
on the establishment in Manhattan and he
had to fight his way up sometimes
getting penalized two or three shots on
the back nine in Westchester Country
Club to make his billions this guy was
born with a silver camel in his mouth
and he grew up to be even more
outrageously overly priced as part of
the
petrodollar arrangement from 1971 where
america decided to anoint these Saudi
people with the hundreds of billions
trillions of dollars worth of money in
exchange for the oil that was the quid
pro quo that is now the architecture of
the global economy and gave us as a
corollary to this will Hobby ism that
was the that was the trade-off they'll
say we'll do the dollar oil petrol
dollar but you've got to accept Wahhabi
ISM and then when things started to fray
they sent a little hello note a little
love note and 911 saying remember us
were your partners and then they've been
keeping America under their boot and now
Trump comes in and says you know what
let's redo things a little bit here and
he said he'd greenlit this coup in Saudi
Arabia actually and now the whole things
being remarket acted as it should be
yeah because he did Donald Trump did
tweet right before this all happened
that he would like the Saudi Aramco IPO
they touched the orb you saw the photo
they touched the orb that was the green
light to let the coup go well so he was
pitching for business it's all business
at the end of the day because remember
the United Kingdom was also selling vast
quantities of sort of fighter jets and
weapons to Saudi Arabia that they were
dropping on Yemen and hoping in exchange
that they would get the IPO the business
for Saudi Aramco and now apparently the
United States is throwing their hat on
the ring so it's all business at the end
of the day but it's interesting to watch
again the fact that the mainstream media
here doesn't seem to know how to cover
it yet so because so they're just not
covering it they don't know how to cover
it yet because it distorts their
parallax view of the world that centers
around the intractable evilness of
Russia look there is a third rail in the
region that if anyone puts their foot
onto that third rail they're gonna be
fried quicker than you can say you know
Harvey Weinstein in the bathroom and
that would be Iran if anyone decides to
actually pick a fight with him round
you know they're prepared to meet thy
maker
there's they've been waiting for war for
20 years they've been think they've got
an incredible ability to take on these
joelly Middle East you know that that
would be the absolute suicide mission
well it is she
Sunnis decide hey let's go at it
toe-to-toe okay if Trump brings that on
then he was bringing Saudi Arabia has
way more advanced military so it's a you
know we have they have all the best
weapons from the United Kingdom and the
United States however however it doesn't
you know I don't I'm not picking aside
or anything like that that's like beyond
it but the fact is that the media has
been pushing for a war they won a war
and maybe they're gonna get the war that
they don't want because we've been still
you know we're still we're still in
Afghanistan we can't even control
Afghanistan and all they had were sticks
and stones they don't have any weapons
and we still can't control that country
we still can't control Iraq we can't
still we still like Libya is a disaster
zone so why we went on another disaster
zone I don't know but that seems to be
what is happening and it looks like now
Saudi Arabia this new crown prince is
now the largest shareholder for Twitter
but it'll be good for the oil market oil
is already you know telegraphing this
huge move well I guess all crisis those
are all as a blast well stay tuned for
the second half a whole lot more
all righty howdy welcome back to the
Kaiser part-time to continue our
discussion with dr. Michael Hudson
author all-around nice guy is it are you
would you consider yourself a New Yorker
dr. Michael Hudson absolutely not I've
never felt comfortable in New York I was
born in Minneapolis and then my father
got out of jail we moved to Chicago and
I grew up there whoa whoa whoa whoa when
your father got out of jail what he was
one of the Minneapolis seventeen sent up
the day before Pearl Harbor for
advocating the advocacy of the overthrow
of the government by force and violence
which meant that he was organizing the
Teamsters Union and the Roosevelt
administration made a deal with Dan
Tobin to turn the Teamsters Union over
to the mob and apparently there was a
deal with the Russians that if the
government would throw the Minneapolis
Trotskyists in jail and Minneapolis was
the only city in the world where being a
trust kissed was a career advancement
opportunity that they promised not to
have strikes during World War two so the
the Stalinists are calling for the death
penalty against a Smith act that later
was used against them after World War I
World War two so any rate my father was
one of the Minneapolis j17 and then we
moved to Chicago I love Chicago I still
think of that is my basic city and when
I think of which direction I am I'm in I
still act as if the Hudson River is like
Michigan and except that that's on the
West instead of the East so I'm always
doing okay now we're just in Minneapolis
and I did a little reading up on this
city so it is on the top of the the the
the river there the Mississippi River
it's at the very top and it would made
its bones on processing mill milling
flour you know and they created bleached
flour which then they ran it to trouble
with the bleach flour they were it was
determined scientifically that bleach
flour was no good for you and the people
came in with the full that the flour
with the full nothing great the whole
grain flour and so so what was the labor
conditions like at that time because
obviously your death story plays into it
right I mean
Minneapolis was a center of labor
history in the 1930s okay you had a
general strike there in 1934 1936
there's a book about that
Charles Rumford Walker's American city
that describes it you had the whole
general strike and that was that became
as I said the only Trotskyist city in
the world in the depression essentially
yes and yet Wall Street blow up in the
29 crash and you've quickly entered into
the depression and trotskyists and
communists and other forms of
governments and economics other than
capitalism we're in the ascent because
it was considered the wall street was a
collapse of the capitalist idea so you
had these competing schools suddenly in
America and it gave rise to ardent
anti-communist we saw McCarthy in the
50s as really a holdover from that
period correct and we saw you know
Reagan was also out of that school of
fighting the Communists you know he
built a huge political career on it but
from from there we is where you have and
then this labor was was there much of am
organized labor in America before then
of course in the late 19th century on
Eugene Debs
the Socialists you had them at the
center of labor organization was in the
Midwest because that's where the
manufacturing was it happened that in
Minneapolis because it's not very
populated the trucker's were the big
industry there there was a lot of
violence you had Floyd B Olson who was
the governor who said he hoped the
capitalist system goes right to hell and
so he was reelected as governor it was
all destroyed when the right wing came
in led by Hubert Humphrey on the far
right right that's exactly right now
it's just passed to the presidency I
guess right to show that he was a good
double-cross there he was sort of an
early Obama type speak left and then
slammed down with him very hard on the
right right so this is fascinating piece
of American history so so Minneapolis is
an under told story I would say people
are familiar with Chicago
in what happened in the 30s obviously
organized crime people are know the
history of organized labor in the New
York and the longshoremen and of course
an organized labor then became corrupted
it was infiltrated by the mafia
essentially that was largely Roosevelt's
doing and it was done because of his
fight against the Teamsters in
Minneapolis right he wanted the the only
alternative to having the socialists
organized the labor unions was to have
the Mafia organizing labor unions by
saying if you're you're the head of the
labor unions you get to say who's hired
you get the kickbacks you get everything
that Bob Fitz wrote about in his study
of the labor movement so it's very much
like in Japan when America backed the
Yakuza against the socialist Japan had a
very strong socialist movement MacArthur
came in back all of the most right-wing
Japanese militarists Japanese and the
gang see a koozie gangs to fight against
socialists and that's why you have Japan
in the sorry state that it's in today
when it comes to industrial honesty and
the steel mills fulcrum you know the 30s
seemingly in Minneapolis I mean okay
there's organized labor before but then
it became a threat in a big way because
the capitalist system was collapsing I
mean I guess before then it was more of
an adjunct to the overall economy where
okay we're gonna organize labor labor
you know they invented the weekend for
example organized labor without the
organized labor we would have no weekend
and we have no Hollywood we have no
entertainment industry have no theme
parks you know we have no vacations you
know they it's a huge part of the
economy of America was invented in
effect by labor and then when the
thirties post-crash you know it really
became it became more politicized in
that sense so did did the organ labor
organized at that point were they always
referring back to a Leninist marxist
reference no not at any point remember
Minneapolis is very largely Scandinavian
so you had a lot of Scandinavians there
in New York you'd have basically central
Europeans and Jews organizing the the
garment trades and the labor unions but
in Minneapolis you had a completely
different ethnicity with a different
national background and they had a kind
of Scandinavian sense of fair play my
father said that who graduated from the
University of Minnesota with an MBA he
said it with the rover boys stories that
gave him a sense of fair play and it you
know that rover boy the American boys
stories of the early 1900s ratio Alger
that same idea of everybody being fair
and kind of how little kids would play
with the German Rockwell depiction of
yes what yes you didn't know that phanie
with one of their funders shocking what
so so anyway to get back to the
narrative here so it the thirties so and
what was there an individual person
where labor in America suddenly did
start to overly reference Marxist
Leninist doctrine really no when I was
my father when I was a little kid I
would my father would take me over to
the houses of a lot of leaders including
people who were in the Central Committee
of the Comintern when Lenin was in power
and being a little maybe eight or nine
years old and I'd always look at the
library and they always had Marx's
capital in the library and I'd always go
and look at you know open it up and
nobody had ever read a single they
didn't they've never been opened before
especially volume was two and three had
never been opened Oh young one maybe but
not volumes two and three so the fact is
they had them on the shelves but they
didn't read it so yeah you know your
career took you through Wall Street you
were a credit analyst for Chase
Manhattan was going to be an economist
and a Wall Street acceptor Marxist well
tell me more why would you say such as
oh you know that is all about
exploitation and if you go to a business
school and you think everything's fair
and you don't understand that it's about
rotation and crooks and you know how the
system works the Marxist Bing Outsiders
we could look at the system and of
course we were the forward planners and
the futurists because we were looking at
how society would change and the
business schools would tell people
there's not going to be any change
everything's going to go just the way it
is that's what we call equilibrium and
we Marxists we're always looking at
disequilibrium so we could of course
forecast all of us in terms of how
effectively it could be extractive I was
saying how much could be extracted and
at what point will the break come and
that's certainly all volume three of
capital that credit as Marx pointed out
interest-bearing debt grows
exponentially but the economy only grows
in an X curve and tapers off so every
economy creates debt faster than the
ability to pay and that's where the
break is is a quintessential critic of
capitalism capital right so and so as a
philosophy it's not really presenting a
political construct although many have
chosen to use it as such he looked at
the laws of motion so it's not a
construct as a single building it's the
law of motion if the reservoir has a
flow where have communist countries gone
wrong because you know they've people
have tried to adopt the systems that
were the antithesis of capitalism or the
different than capitalism so far we
haven't seen much many succeed what's
going wrong there well right after Lenin
died Stalin killed everybody who'd read
Marx Oh since the 1920s
Russia has known nothing new nothing
about Marxism and it was right in other
countries other hemispheres and other
places a Marxism in a way really think
so I mean socialism socialism is a step
towards it and they're I mean so
everybody getting wrong in other words
my question is what would if you were
starting a country today
what are they convert America to a
different system because obviously the
system now is
active it's compounding the debt ad
infinitum and it's causing huge wealth
and income gaps and it's not working in
many different ways and so if you were
to come back and you're a Marxist
scholar effectively well you know what
would what would be a couple of the
points that that would build you know
and a sustainable economy that what is
stifling the economy today is finance
and it's the growth of debt and it's the
inability of debt to pay that is leading
to a huge transfer of property which
would lead to let's say the MTM theory
modern monetary theory yes which is a
solution in your book yes but I go
beyond most of the mmm tears because I
divide the private sector into the fire
sector the finance insurance and real
estate is opposed to the industrial so
just subscribe MMG and that's a huge out
of the school in in Kansas City is you
find the MMT people like yourself bill
black I think is there Marshall overbook
Marshall all boxes he's at the bar I was
talking about it Stephanie Koh stephanie
kelton she's in this so in 30 seconds
kind of break it down for us what it is
that banks or the government create
money simply electronically it's not a
thing money is debt and the way that you
create money into the economy is create
debt by one party to another if the
government spends money into the economy
it spends it directly on infrastructure
and hiring goods and service to produce
something not like a central bank that
lends it to the government essentially
the Treasury used to be the cent central
bank the Federal Reserve broke the
Treasury off to put money creation in
the hands of wall so get rid of that
back to put put the Treasury in control
once again right the Treasury would
would issue money but if you leave money
creation to the banks and doggedness
money is Steve Kean who you often have
said the banks lend money only they
don't lend money to spend on goods and
services they spent lend money for
corporate takeovers to inflate
real-estate prices so government money
creation is different
purpose for from private bank money
gotta leave it there dr. michael hudson
thank you yeah well that's gonna do it
for this edition of the constant report
with me max keiser Nastasya we're let's
thank our guest dr. michael hudson if
you want to reach us on twitter it's
Kaiser report until next time bye Oh
