as football fans prepare for the
upcoming fifa world cup artiste launched
a new program hosted by former England
striker Stan Collymore in the latest
episode he interviews former English
football star Michael Owen a quick
preview for now the full show on Friday
I just had this what I thought was
normal this view going into games and it
wasn't intentional I just thought that I
never looked at you know is that he
left-footed is he slower than the other
one I was faster than anything I was
gonna score no matter what I didn't even
think or they'll be scared to me I just
assumed that it's just another game and
I always score goals so I will score and
just unleash me you know just play me
and I'm and you know and I was just a
ball of excitement really I had no fear
at all I had no idea apart from the word
playing Argentina no idea about their
players and he strengths weaknesses and
I just went into the game probably as
underprepared as anybody in the in the
team in terms of knowing who I'm playing
against
