while the US president conducts his Asia
trip NATO is backed up Donald Trump's
recent promise to boost military
presence in Afghanistan by sending 3,000
troops to the country
Daniel Hawkins has details it's
Groundhog Day for Afghanistan an
official announcement confirms another
troop surge in the war-torn country and
while previous increases have involved
American troops this time it's a
combined NATO job we have decided to
increase the number of troops we will
not go back in combat operations the
current level is around 13,000 the new
level will be around 16,000 they will
train assistant advice advise reassure
assist boosting security NATO's usual
rationale for sending troops across the
globe a variation on its European
deployments designed to reinforce
defenses in the face of Russian
aggression Europe is close to a more
assertive Russia we are implementing
that biggest reinforcement to collect
the defense we have responded in their
proportionate measured way by increasing
our military presence in eastern part of
the Alliance a few hundred troops here a
thousand there with NATO expanding its
troop numbers across Europe c-stand
borders every little helps now US troops
often make up the bulk of these missions
but aside from the obvious places
American soldiers can be found even
further afield such as Africa from
Djibouti to Egypt there are over 6,000
combat equipped troops in 11 different
countries across the continent and if
you didn't know the full extent of those
deployments don't worry even top US
politicians sometimes seem to lose track
of where exactly their soldiers are at
any given moment
but I didn't know there was a thousand
troops in Niger you heard senator Graham
there he didn't know we had a thousand
troops in Nazaire did you right no I did
not NATO was established for something
entirely different however its mission
has changed they saw the I think the
NATO members saw that its old mission
basically had become obsolete and that
they had to
something else and another approach if
they wanted to remain relevant in the
world as we saw earlier when NATO had
had more troops in Afghanistan they
stayed predominantly in safe areas even
though some some of the NATO members
particularly from Germany were killed
that's going to be the the political
decision with the hope of trying to show
a a picture of unity of NATO forces
working on the Afghan problem when in
fact just working on troops per se as I
said earlier is not necessarily going to
be an effective remedy enhancing
security and stability sounds like a
good mission aim and also an irrefutable
justification for increasing military
influence around the globe
