it's been three years since the genocide
of the Yazidis a Kurdish religious
minority in Syria and Iraq yet the
crisis is far from over the UN
acknowledging that the genocide is
ongoing
Arty's poly Boyko spoke to use Eadie's
who say the international international
community isn't doing much to help these
were the images that shocked the world
over three years ago thousands of
Yazidis trapped on Mount Sinjar in
northern Iraq the media told the
harrowing stories of the Yazidis
persecution at the hands of jihadists
they shot them and then they cut their
heads off overwhelmed they people trying
to jump and boy the crowd onboard the
helicopter burst into tears the United
Nations has called isil's attempt to
wipe out the religious minority group
genocide the genocide is ongoing and
remains largely unaddressed
despite the obligation of space party to
the Convention on the prevention and
punishment of the crime of genocide of
1948 to prevent and to punish the crime
three years on the public's attention
has shifted elsewhere but the easygeeze
struggle continues the genocide is still
ongoing our people have been suffering
in camps for over two years
ISIL is still holding over 3,000 years
of e people our area has been completely
destroyed
now the acidic community cannot return
home we want the international community
to support us in rebuilding our area and
returning our people in 2014
Farida Abbas was a child living in a
Yazidi village in northern Iraq when
ISIL attacked they murdered her father
and her brothers and they took her and
the rest of the women as prisoners the
sidarthur show demand a look at living
under ISIL captivity was terrible they
separated mothers and children raped
young girls and killed the men I tried
to escape twice but after each attempts
they caught me and beat me
the third time I succeeded and fled to
the main highway I went to the first
house I saw and people there helped me
but the minority group wants their cause
back in the international eye and for
more action to be taken we haven't seen
real actions from international
community to those who are still with
the Caliphate of terror in Syria and
Iraq on the verge of collapse the end of
its brutal reign could pose new
challenges for the region but the
biggest concern for this minority group
is that with no international attention
or protection will anyone even notice if
they just become a collateral footnote
in a victory over ISIL poly Boyko RT
London
