hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter Lavelle
in terms of foreign policy Donald Trump
has already earned himself the title the
low expectations president this title is
now being put to the test during his
tour of Asia it's the u.s. as status quo
power in the asia-pacific region or
merely a foil challenging China
Krauss sucking Trump's visit to Asia I'm
joined by my guest Michael Maloof in
Washington he is a former senior
security policy analyst in the office of
the secretary of defense in Lake Jackson
we have Daniel McAdams he is the
executive director of the Ron Paul
Institute for peace in prosperity and in
Brussels we have Gilbert dock taro he is
the European coordinator of the American
committee for east-west Accord all right
gentlemen crosstalk rules in effect that
means he can jump in any time you want
and I always appreciate it
Daniel let me go let me go to you as
president Trump was going to Asia his
national security adviser HR McMaster
said that there's the objective is to
rally allies to achieve quote complete
verifiable and permanent knee
nuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
is that hyperbole I mean are they really
serious I mean we have a lot of bluster
coming out then we have some
contradictions in tweets I'd like to
meet the man I mean what is the focus
here I mean it seems as usual I'm sorry
all over the place Daniel I mean if that
is the benchmark for success then he's
just said his boss up for failure
because President Trump will not come
home with a deal like that in his pocket
and I think that's one of the reasons
we've seen we saw earlier on this week
when the president started talking about
Korea he seems to have softened the
rhetoric no more fire and fury he now
sounds like let's make a deal as you
pointed out I wouldn't mind sitting down
with the man so I think that might be an
attempt to lower expectations but as you
as you also say he is all over the place
so it could be something very different
tomorrow
you know Michael you know weigh in on
that because hey I get the feeling you
and you're saying to us all this is the
strategy go ahead yeah I think it is I
think Trump came off with all this
bluster and and and and I think when you
look at as I said before that in Chapter
two of art of the deal is the elements
of the deal leverage is what he's keying
in on this is what he experienced in his
real estate days that is his base from
which all
Springs eternal in terms of his work and
experience bluster and and and then
leveraging and to try and come up with
the best options that's why you hear him
talk one day we're you know fire and
fury and on the next day let's sit down
and have hamburger diplomacy in effect
because last year he he said he could
sit down and have a hamburger with Kim
jong-un and and he did it again earlier
this year now I think about what I think
is happening here is that there's a lot
more going on behind the scenes for
discussions now to address the one point
that was made I don't expect I don't
expect a an agreement as such right now
what I do expect is a lane of a
foundation for discussions for future
discussions because the ultimate goal is
to denuclearize it's not going to happen
at the get-go but it could can happen as
as we move along and I think what they
need to be doing is look and have Trump
make a another bombastic offer challenge
him to open diplomacy by maybe offering
him full diplomatic relations okay there
is a diplomatic ploy out there we'll get
to it later in the program it's called
the russian-chinese deal I want to get
into that into that in a second Gilbert
you know hamburger diplomacy you know if
it's the dealing about building the wall
or taxes or you know all these other
esoteric things that are going on inside
the United States I get it I get it okay
but I don't think the Chinese and the
Japanese and the South Koreans and the
Russians get it okay you have a very
strong military power in the Pacific and
it's unclear what that powers position
is I think that is a very dangerous pick
area situation for the entire region to
address Gilbert in Brussels please all
right I'm not a specialist on East Asia
but I'm sitting in Brussels and I do
confer with local politicians and people
who are considering how to change
Belgian and possibly European foreign
policy and I can tell you right
now that they are very very perturbed
they are confused and bye-bye Donald
Trump by his actions and at the same
time as I observe that I would like to
answer the question that you've held out
for the very end which is is he
performing above or below expectations
from my perspective he's of performing
above expectations hey but my
expectations changed I had no idea that
he could be so successful in destroying
our past and in making progress on
destruction of American global hegemony
by just being Donald I didn't foresee
that that's a WoW that is such an
interesting point and that's a topic for
an another program I think that's a
fascinating point to make here ok ok
that's the point of the program Michael
and Washington jump in look look all the
Trump is trying to out of all of this
chaos there is there is an order that's
emerging here what Trump is trying to do
unlike the Obama administration
administration for 8 years is a has
established control control the
situation and everyone else will follow
we used to be reactive now he wants to
take control and you'll notice how
everybody as a result of his bombastic
toward North Korea has begun to come in
and and focus in on what he wants
Michael
you can you can turn it completely
upside down I think ok I think you know
the in the mainstream media they're
saying you know but it's China China has
to do struck you know what if China has
to do something and China has to be the
key to this China will decide what the
outcome is and and Trump is is bye-bye
yes fighting Trump's behavior and his
words and his advisers are again all
over the place the Chinese no let me go
- let me go to Daniel here I think the
Chinese now if at the end of the day
they will get the deal they want because
they don't like the situation in the
north as well go ahead Daniel that's
true well this is a ultimately a problem
for China and for Russia much more than
the US absolutely the scare tactic
of warning us that there are nuclear
missiles that are headed for us there
are WMDs and Baghdad etc etc this is a
Chinese and Russian problem and it has a
lot more to do with with trade and with
regional security than with global
security but let's not forget one thing
why are the North Koreans pursuing a
nuclear weapon why do they have when
some say they may have one some say they
don't respite what we may think of the
North Korean government it is a very
rational rational response to an
unstable part of the world why is it
unstable because the u.s. still believes
that it has the right to hegemony in
East Asia that the South China Sea
somehow is actually the the South
America China Sea or something of that
nature so it is a rational response you
can't force them to act irrationally
against their own self-interest you have
to change the situation to enable a
rational action to be something that's
more in line with what Washington may
want ok I I agree with you completely
the problem is Joubert jump in in
Brussels the problem is Peter yeah the
commonality of Donald Trump's behavior
wherever he is and that is that is a
problem for his achieving any of the
objectives that his assistants set out
and I have in mind here the bullying the
insulting behavior directly his real
there's been I think it has to be said
there's been remarkably little press
coverage of Donald Trump's visit to Asia
yeah I'm not I'm sure there's a lot of
press coverage in Japan but here in
Europe and the United States which I
follow an online editions I see almost
nothing the trip has been taken over the
space on the front page has been taken
over by the shootings and in in taxes by
by the latest possibilities for Mueller
to move on Flynn buy a lot of fake and
phony news and if you find a little
paragraph on page one that Trump is here
or there that's a lot now that is very
unusual for the search for a visit of
this importance and its duration by
Americans now but
but I think I think it's very telling
Gilbert I think you're absolutely right
because they they don't want to see any
success on that trip at all it's built
in for them I mean again you know
Americans self-interest you know if
people are so selfish in the United
States in the political class we're
talking about global security okay and I
would like to see Donald Trump succeed
I'm just I just don't see the elements I
don't I don't see the elements being put
together in the right way for that to
happen here
you know Michael let me go back to you
you know the Chinese and the Russians
have a diplomatic gambit out there if
you win the last time when there was
sanctions voted in the Security Council
if you listen to the Russians you listen
to the Chinese they gave a road map I
know nobody in the New York Times and
CNN has that they don't have the
attention span to listen entire speech
from a foreigner okay but it's all laid
out right there why can't the United
States embrace it fries for fries I
think our audience knows what I'm
talking about
go ahead Michael well I think it's
coming around to that at first it wasn't
and I would agree that the Russians and
the Chinese have tremendous tremendous
stakes involved in all of this and only
because of their proximity of 4:1 and
and also because of the leverage that
they can't exert so I but at this at the
same time the United States is a world
power it is there it's not going to go
anywhere and it is it has a defense
treaty with South Korea it's not going
to go anywhere and that's why China
still needs North Korea and I think
China is walking a very very tight rope
because it cannot do so much what the
United States wants without throwing
that throwing that country into total
chaos and thereby creating the very
chaos that is trying to avoid and and
that's what's going to put that that is
what would back Kim Jong Un's
to enter the corner and cause him to
lash out and I think that's what they're
trying to avoid that's but that's the
North Koreans ace up their sleeve
because they know that the United States
conducts its policy in the
with only American interests in mind
they do not think seriously about the
interests of other I mean look look you
know the Trump saying he's going to
destroy North Korea then South Koreans
say hey hey maybe should ask us about
that first okay I mean it's this
extraordinary gentleman I'm gonna go to
a short break here after that short
break we'll continue our discussion on
Trump's visit to Asia State with our
team
okay let me go back to Daniel and like
Jackson II write one of the best things
best things that Trump did when he
became president is the pullout of the
trans-pacific partnership absolutely
that was necessary but what is Trump
proposing in place of it because he want
he doesn't like multilateral things okay
and if it and if it is multilateral the
US has to control it okay it's a fig
leaf okay but in this case its bilateral
right now does the u.s. have really this
the the the stamina and the strength of
me making new deals because I mean the
United States is the biggest debtor
country in the world I mean what kind of
leverage to the Chinese the South
Koreans and Japanese Vietnamese even
have with the United States right now
the u.s. only has its military go ahead
Daniel well you can't make new deals
with old ideas and will I agree with you
the pooling out of the TPP was a very
good idea certainly from a free-trade
perspect rade deals really are
sweetheart deals for crony capitalists
and well-connected companies they don't
benefit across the board but what is he
replacing it with we've seen already
twice on this trip to Asia President
Trump saying the Japanese are going to
buy a lot more of our weapons oh the
South Koreans a lot more of our weapon
weapons so what I'm wondering is this
the leader of the free world or the
global sales rep for the
military-industrial complex you know
that's that's what I wonder when I see
him overseas he told the Japanese this
trip is about making jobs back in the
u.s. I don't think he understands what
it takes to make jobs back in the u.s.
certainly strong-arming the Chinese to
buy more of our things will not achieve
the goals the problems for US trade are
located back here in the US not over in
Asia I mean Daniel how can you how can
you have industrial jobs if you don't
have a plant I mean they're gone they're
empty their shells all across the
country okay again I I can't fathom this
here Gilbert let me change gears here
one of the things that's really quite
interesting it's not an interview with
the Japanese Prime Minister and our
viewers may or may not know but there's
a very heated debate going on in Japan
about its pacifist Constitution and
listening to ABBA and when he was
speaking with Fox News
I got a bit of a sense that you know the
Japanese are basically saying to the
United States and said we can defend
ourselves is necessary and we really
don't need your arms okay I mean there
needs to be a legal change and that it
seems to have traction in Japan and then
the Japanese again what 75 years after
them after the fact become a military
power in Asia of course not a lot of
people in Asia would like that but it
might suit Japan's interest quite well
because if you see indecision in the
white house why wait around when you can
do it yourself go ahead
Gilbert yeah we have a simple we have a
similar issue here in Europe so I'm a
bit prepared in handling this I don't
believe we're going to see new
institutions I don't believe we're going
to see of sea change in terms of how
these countries defend themselves but
the question that arises will there be
greater willingness on the part of the
Japanese behind closed doors as there
can be among the Europeans behind closed
doors to push back generally speaking
the relationship between the United
States and its allies has been one of a
suzerain and vassals and the vessels
have among themselves agreed always to
do and say whatever the United States
tells them to say how long this will go
on is under question now because of the
the unpredictability of Trump and the
American foreign policy I think there
are many of our allies who are smiling
to the television cameras and smiling to
the reporters and saying all the nice
sounds but our thinking and among
themselves how to reassure themselves
not by breaking up institutions or
overturning the world order but by
pushing back within the existing
institutions to defend their interests
more you know Michael I was very
disappointed when president Trump's well
it was during a public appearance and I
I'm sorry he I think he chimed in when
the Japanese Prime Minister was talking
he said we're gonna sell you more
weapons I found that to be disappointing
because
the future of that region is the future
of the world you look at the countries I
mean their middle classes are expanding
amazingly so I mean people a generation
ago people that were in poverty now have
an iPhone it's extraordinary what's
going on there and the country that has
the sway in the region is China people
look to China China is more interested
in trade and making money and that is
very attractive I may be wrong but I
don't see China trying to export its
values in its institutions they're
saying we want to make money you want to
make money with us I would like to see
the President of the United States make
this say make the same message and and
take that to the do as Asian
interlocutors I don't see it happening
go ahead Michael
well I think that you you've covered a
lot of area there in just in your
comments the China China does indeed
spread its own gospel if you will when
it goes into Asia goes our into Africa
goes into Latin America it's trying to
assert its own influence in those
regions what's in that what the United
States is attempting to do and it's been
doing for since the end of World War two
is to keep Japan from rearming number
one and and South Korea and Japan from
developing nuclear weapons when I was at
the Pentagon we worked very hard to keep
South Korea from developing its own
nuclear weapons program as well as Japan
they threatened to do that on numerous
occasions if something wasn't done about
about North Korea so for that pledge for
the United States to maintain its
security umbrella over those countries
they agreed that they would not pursuit
now with Trump being there he has agreed
to extend to allow for the extension of
their ballistic missiles in South Korea
that that never would have happened
five to ten years ago and frankly Japan
and South Korea rely very heavily on
military hardware for their defense
we have agent they have our Aegis
systems that they have our military
planes pay a lot of money for they play
enormous
amount of money for ya I mean you just
said the conditions let me go to Daniel
why don't the Japanese the South one
other thing their defense interests are
instead of Washington doing it that's
the problem here you want to finish up
Michael go ahead yeah yeah one other
thing I think one of the one of the
considerations is that we don't want
Japan to arm itself because of the
concerns that China might have as a
result of their experiences of World
Wars Korea South Korea South Korea okay
Daniel let me see if an and so so it's
better for the United States that given
the arms rather than have them develop
their own indigenous industries so I
mean just keep pumping in the arms what
could possibly go wrong okay Daniel let
me go to you so we had with NATO keep
the Germans down Americans in in the
Russians out so now in Asia it's keep
the Americans in the Japanese and South
Koreans down in the Chinese out do you
like that does that work yeah I mean I
think it's sort of one of these is not
like the other you know the u.s. is the
odd man out in the region and I think
we're seeing some interesting
developments in places like South Korea
look at moon jae-in who was recently
elected on a platform of returning to a
degree to the sunshine policy of better
relations with with North Korea I think
if the US were to just leave the two
Koreas alone a great step out and pull
back you would see a natural progression
the media didn't report very much but
there was a fairly large demonstration
in South Korea this week where people
were saying our anxiety is very high we
don't like the rhetoric coming out of
Washington or North Korea
this needs to ratchet down the South
Korean people have spoken and they would
look to reproach mom with North Korea if
the US would step back and let it happen
we would find some of these problems
going away very easily I think okay
Michael you want to jump in real quick
go ahead yep so why does South Korea
still continue to allow for military
exercises for the United States which a
grove eighths and antagonize this North
Korea if that is their intention they're
not doing it
that needs to because if we're really
gonna have a Renault okay that's just
that's just Norma's precious and that's
moral hazard as well that's moral
housing is it's it puts you to position
where you don't have to take care of
yourself that is irresponsible
go ahead Gilbert in in Brussels go to
Peter yeah I'd like to deal with one
other issue around China because China
has been on again in in newspaper
coverage and Financial Times and
elsewhere in the last couple of days
with remarks that she is seeking a state
acknowledgement of equality with the
United States as a world power now this
takes us back a bit I can see this
coming from within the State Department
promoting that notion because the notion
was promoted under Obama people spoke
about a G - well it never was a G -
there isn't one today and so I think it
will be with this this issue of XI
pushing back I think that's the figment
of imagination within the American
foreign policy community and not a
reality in China at the time China is
buying time China is waiting for the
time when it will supersede the United
States as the world's largest economy
and possibly also is the world's largest
military and then they'll turn around
and talk seriously I can't imagine she
trying to engage in hand wrestling with
Trump over equality and becoming the
equal partner I can't imagine the United
States even if Trump would agree that he
would come home to Congress he would be
burned on that line as well exactly but
but actually rationally speaking that
wouldn't be a bad idea Daniel but did
this ski I'm glad we're gonna end on
this point here because it's just a
worldview for the United States the
unipolar moment will never end but the
reality on the ground tells us
completely different that the unipolar
moment is crumbling it's like sand going
through your hands and it's a traumatic
feeling for the foreign policy
establishment and you know it's not the
we don't have to worry about a rising
China but it's a declining US with its
military go ahead forty seconds
Daniel last word one of my favorite
modern thinkers is Nicholas and Nassim
Taleb and he talks about fragility and
anti fragility he was
foreign policy is extremely fragile any
change in the world system because it is
not flexible and it disintegrates the US
has military in 53 out of 54 countries
in Africa the Chinese are also there but
they're not there with their military
they're there doing business and making
deals
that's an anti fragile approach to the
world the u.s. fragile approach to
foreign policy is doomed to fail unless
there's some new thinking okay you ended
perfectly on to the second here
many thanks with my guests in watching
in Brussels and in Lake Jackson and
thanks to our viewers for watching us
here at RT see you next time and
remember rostock rules
