Trump has delayed his own order to
declassified documents related to the
ongoing Russia collusion probe the files
were expected to shed light on alleged
conflicts of interest and ethics of
certain FBI and government officials I
met with a DOJ concerning the
declassification of various unredacted
documents they agreed to release them
but stated that doing so may have a
perceived negative impact on the Russian
probe also key allies called to ask not
to release therefore the Inspector
General has been asked to review these
documents on an expedited basis I
believe he will move quickly on this and
hopefully on other things which he is
looking at in the end I can always
declassify it if it proves necessary
speed is very important to me and
everyone well on Monday the president
announced he'd ordered the
declassification of several pages of a
surveillance warrant on former Trump
campaign aide Carter page additional
documents concerned 2x FBI director
James Comey as well as other former top
FBI officials can openers more on why
the president put the potential
explosive document release on hold this
delay comes and apparently he's waiting
for the Department of Justice to review
the documents before they are made
available to the public now this is
quite a u-turn from Donald Trump when he
initially spoke up he gave a very strong
statement saying that he was going to
make the documents from the probe very
public that he had this Authority as
president we want transparency what I
want is I want total transparency this
is a witch-hunt
Republicans are seeing it the Democrats
know it's a witch-hunt - but they don't
want to admit it because that's not good
politics for them but it's a terrible
witch hunt and it's hurt our country and
I want transparency and so does
everybody else we should open it up for
people to see now Donald Trump mentioned
the Democrats and Trump was certainly
under a huge amount of pressure from the
Democratic Party many Democratic leaders
were strongly opposed to Donald Trump
making public documents related to the
bob muller investigation now we had
Adams
who was a high-ranking member of the
House Select Committee on Intelligence
he went as far as to call this abusive
power to say that Donald Trump was
acting completely inappropriately and
harming the ability of the the Justice
Department to do its work
now interestingly tensions are riding
high in Washington DC in relation to
this probe into allegations that Trump
colluded with Russia Bob Woodward a
popular investigative journalist who
wrote two books that were very popular
in relation to the Trump administration
he was being interviewed recently and in
his radio interview he stated that in
his two years and his two years of
investigative work at no point did he
find anything showing that Donald Trump
had colluded with Russia did you Bob
Woodward hear anything in your research
in your interviews that sounded like
espionage or collusion I did not and of
course I looked for it looked for it
hard now despite Trump's announcement on
Monday that these documents would be
made public it appears that that
decision is on hold the Department of
Justice is now reviewing the documents
the Bob Muller investigation continues
with many people wondering what will
come next and what exactly is the truth
litical analysts under McAdams says the
Democrats reluctance to see these
documents Declassified now does raise
questions I find it very interesting of
what a panic the Democrats the leading
Democrats in Washington are in over this
and not only that but as we know our
closest allies are also panicking and
there's certainly a speculation as to
who that might be
is it the United Kingdom is it the UK
intelligence services who were involved
seem to be up to their neck at least in
this in trying to discredit
Trump prevenient could be President but
what is really going on here and I think
it's really a fascinating thing it would
be as an extraordinary of
extraordinarily public view of I guess
you call it the deep state and how it
operates and how it can overrule a
president in in getting these things
released
you
