NATO is sent to boost its mission in
Afghanistan with an additional 3,000
troops bringing the total number of
service personnel to 16,000 in the
country here's what the NATO
secretary-general confirmed on our
correspondent Peter Oliver fills in the
details we have decided to increase the
number of troops there will be more
troops the current level is around
13,000 the new level would be around
16,000 NATO said to increase their
contingent on the ground in Afghanistan
this troop increase had been rumbling
along since May it also came alongside
rumors that each of the member states
would be asked to kick in an extra 1
billion dollars to the round NATO pot
but that hasn't been spoken of any more
just just at the moment we understand
that half of those 3,000 troops will
come from the United States the other
half coming from well the other 28
member states that make up NATO and they
will be in addition to the 3 thousand
extra US troops that were announced back
in September by US Defense Secretary Jim
mattis this was all part of Trump's
strategy on how to tackle the Taliban in
Afghanistan 16 years US and NATO have
been on the ground there we have seen
that in some areas the Taliban have been
routed out they've been eradicated in
some areas but in others they've either
gained ground or they've proved
particularly troublesome to out from
particular tribal areas of the country
it just this year alone in 2017 the
Taliban's claimed responsibility for
around 100 attacks which has killed
nearly a thousand people
well it's not just the Taliban Islamic
states have also been operating within
Afghanistan and it's the people of that
country that's had to bear the brunt
they're trapped on one side with
terrorists trying to kill them while on
the other many have been killed as a
result of US airstrikes no use Imam and
US forces bombarded everyone including
children men and women our houses have
been destroyed under the bombardment
children and women were wounded and
killed there are no houses left they're
all gone some homes were burned by
Islamic state militants and others were
hit by US drone strikes the fight there
is ongoing Islamic state militants came
and started the clashes they wanted to
cut our heads off then US troops bombed
the area so we left and came here so an
extra 3,000 NATO troops will be making
their way to Afghanistan where you can
expect that statement from yen
Stoltenberg to be rubber stamped and
confirmed when the NATO defence
ministers meet in Brussels this coming
Thursday
