world is finally able to view a
collection of works hoarded by one of
Hitler's art dealers during the Nazi era
paintings by artists like Monet Renoir
Suzanne and Rodin are being shown for
the first time since the Second World
War as part of exhibitions in
Switzerland and Germany
in 2010 the son of the art dealer was
investigated by tax authorities when
part of his father's collection was
discovered in houses that he owned
and that son who died in 2014 left most
of the artworks to a Swiss Museum the
rest of the collection is caught up in a
legal battle right now between the
museum and the family shallow Dubinsky
reports next from the exhibition in the
swiss capital their discovery stunned
the art world for almost 80 years around
1,500 paintings some by Suzanne Moore
made Picasso and worth hundreds of
millions of euros were thought to have
been lost to the world instead it
emerged in 2013 that they've been
hoarded by coolest girl it's the son of
a Nazi art dealer he was in a train from
Switzerland to Germany and the customs
officers found some onion on him and
then they started to do research and it
ended up that they found a lot of hard
work in his apartment in Munich to begin
with and then discovered his house in in
Salzburg in Austria at the father of a
piece of artwork for the first time in
decades hundreds are now on display as
part of two exhibitions one in Germany
and the other here in Switzerland these
are just some of around 15,000 works
seized by the then German government
some of the works were looted from
Jewish families others bought at pennies
to the pound from those forced to sell
their possessions as they fled Nazi
Germany's for many families it became a
sort of departure tax they sold their
most precious possessions in order to be
able to leave the country people had to
leave the country you know in Iran they
had to flee the country by the
by the way the FT had to escape and so
they had they needed money so they can
take the artwork with them so that they
had to they were forced to sell the
artwork mostly on a lot very low price
some 1000 objects from the Gerlich find
remain under study to determine their
origins while the results are expected
next year for many the wait to have
their family's treasures won't end there
it's estimated that it won't be possible
to identify the ownership of at least
two-thirds of the pieces of a sum every
stolen work of art is still one too many
charlotte Dubinsky arti bern switzerland
