hello there max keiser here with the
Kaiser report things rhyme we understand
and history they don't repeat themselves
forbade him
really maybe Stacy who said that oh that
was Busta Rhymes
he said that up to Compton up inside
your mama's grits no sounds like
something like Mark Twain or something I
think Mark Twain may have also said that
I'll see ya he was heading down the
Mississippi on a casino floating barge
you know riverboat and he's holding a
pair of jacks
when he said that over a big plate of
nachos history is rhyming you would
think as some say well some like the
kite reports say the US Empire is kind
of disintegrating remember the great
Empire of China when it disintegrated
many blame it on the opium epidemic when
basically the United Kingdom had nothing
else to trade but opium and they pushed
some opium on the Chinese people there's
one guy some German guy now living in
Hong Kong who says differently based on
some evidence it's all down to monetary
issues so we're also going to talk about
the opioid epidemic here in the United
States we know that the death rate is
climbing 300,000 Americans have died
since 2000 from overdosing so some say
that's kind of like very similar to the
end of the Chinese Empire yes it is
similar I've made that point before that
it was a point that opiate addiction in
the opium wars with UK and China was an
attempt by the British government to
hook Chinese people on opium for a huge
monetary gain and that the opiate
pushers here in America are doing the
exact same thing
I've said that before but what came
first opiate addiction or the monetary
devaluation that's what I think we
should get into and explore more fully
at this juncture
so here is a headline and it's from Hong
Kong and it's about this guy dr. Verner
Berger he lives in
Kong and he's lived there for like 30 40
years coin stash that puts new spin on
China's 100 years of humiliation
inside a nondescript Hong Kong warehouse
it's seven tons of Qing Dynasty coins
proof their owner says that it was the
Imperial monetary system not the opium
trade that brought China low in the 19th
there being more was fake news his
argument he's the lone person out there
who supports this theory now he has the
largest collection of these coins I
think it's pronounced Ching maybe Qing
Dynasty that he has two millions of
these coins and for the past like 20-30
years he's been going to one of these
government offices in Beijing every year
asking if they have the central banks
basically their records from hundreds of
years ago and they keep on saying no no
no no oh my god you're here again no and
finally they called him and said you
know what we were just doing some
construction and we found behind a wall
this is only in the year past a year or
two we found behind a wall all these
records that you've been asking for for
the last 30 years every year that's
incredible so what does this
substantiate only eight so basically
what he finds is that there was monetary
debasement but a lot of it had to do
with counterfeiting that there was a lot
of counterfeit coins happening which
they didn't they didn't have any sort of
economic theory back then that the
Chinese government that they didn't have
any sort of notion that printing all
this would cause inflation and
devaluation and basically of the economy
the economy was already kind of weakened
when the opium wars then started so this
guy named Werner Berger which
incidentally be a great name for a
burger shop chain Warner burgers says
that its monetary activity going back
between China and the UK and that what
China was counterfeiting no no train
itself and try there were you like
Chinese separatist groups that were
loyal to the previous king or the
previous Emperor and they went to
Vietnam from there they were sending in
counterfeit currency and nothing to do
with the United Kingdom is all China and
there
Nitori policy to combat this basically
they were buying up all the fake
currency at first and basically taking
off the fake currency off the market but
then they just stopped fighting it and
they thought they didn't care so they
were being flooded with counterfeit
currency but monetary policy and a lot
of people in the United States and
Europe say our monetary policy from the
European Central Bank to the US Federal
Reserve is also creating the situation
where we now have an opioid epidemic
that has erupted and it goes worse and
worse every year more you know I know
causation the causality correlation and
doesn't necessarily equal causality but
these are some of the links that one
could make that this eruption of opioid
overdoses and an increase in suicide
also is kind of linked to a period of
u.s. monetary policy which has gone out
of control and we're gonna turn to bill
black in a second about that the easy
money has created wealth and income gaps
which has created a permanent underclass
that are now killing themselves with
opiates I can see that connection and I
think China was on a silver standard
that was their currency yes for a long
time and that's what kind of kept on
going through the 1930s depression
actually because they were on a silver
standard and the opium war connection
with the British Empire during the
approximately the time of America Civil
War I think that was the same timeline
I'm not sure how that connects probably
the audience will tell you in the you
know of course a lot of the overdose
deaths now happening they're rising so
they're escalating so rapidly a lot of
it has to do with fentanyl and synthetic
opioids and a lot of those are coming in
via trade with China so it's all being
coming in from China but I'm gonna turn
to this article from Bill Black because
I know in the second half you interview
dr. Michael Hudson who's good friends
with Bill Black they're part of this mmt
them on a modern monetary theory group
and he bill black is not only an
economist but he's a former but he's a
prosecutor he was a former prosecutor he
he prosecuted he put eighteen hundred
bankers behind bars in the SML crisis
and he looks at this opioid epidemic and
he sees a similar situation the
predatory capitalism
predatory class and he's explaining what
you're seeing the opioid epidemic is
very similar to what you see in this
savings and loan crisis that he dealt
with impossible to compete with
unintentional self-parody Trump and
opioids in this column I introduced one
of the most important concepts in
white-collar crime seeming legitimacy
the most elite predators use the
seemingly legitimate entities in the
business government and nonprofit
sectors that they run as weapons of
predation and shields against sanctions
the criminology term for this is control
fraud the same logic applies to non
criminal predation I will show in later
columns in this series that
Representative Moreno a Republican from
Pennsylvania the worst of the political
shills for the opioid predator class
repeatedly spread the falsehood that the
worst of the opioid predators could not
be predators because they structured
their firm as if it were quote
legitimate as a former state and local
prosecutor Moreno knows that CEOs
running the largest frauds pose as
seemingly legitimate firms because it
optimizes control fraud you and I have
already covered this the Perdue family
out of Connecticut who run Perdue
pharmaceuticals which makes oxycontin
and by the way they're now under
investigation because of all these
stories coming out they're now being
investigated criminally for pushing
basically heroin onto the US population
that he's saying that you know the
political class allowed this predator
class of the Perdue the family that runs
Perdue pharmaceuticals to basically
operate a legal structure but no
different than anything out of narcos
and you know thing about these pills is
that they're addictive because it's hair
on horse smack you'd be doing up town
getting down and there you got these
pharmaceutical companies who'd be
slinging that horse on the streets and
getting our kids hooked getting
everybody hooked on drugs then they make
all that money what do they do that
money they go buy influence in
Washington DC our politicians are right
there taken
all that freak drug money from our poor
citizens dying overdosing in the street
and they don't seem to care one whit and
it's just like the central bank it gives
away the heroin and money all day long
to keep the mergers and acquisitions and
the Dow Jones frothy it's all drugs it's
all immoral stinky stinky white
criminality wait white collar criminals
you know they don't that's not a black
collar is it no it's a white collar then
get down on it crime this is part of the
investigation because of course Purdue
pharmaceuticals what they said about
oxycontin and how they were able to push
it and how they were able to push such
large quantities onto people that suffer
from arthritis or back pain which it
should never you know you wouldn't give
them heroin right but they were saying
that their unique brand was non
addictive and yet doctors knew very
early and pharmacists for sure
definitely knew very early that it was
clearly addictive very addictive yeah no
such thing is not addictive heroin
that's like being a little bit pregnant
you know it's addictive it's frickin
heroin it's being pushed by white-collar
crooks in league with the bankers and
the DC politicians people are dying so
again going back to white-collar
criminals he mentions that he brings up
that term and actually where it came
from
Edwin Sutherland who coined the term
white-collar crime demonstrated the many
ways in which such criminals were able
to gain great riches cause vast harm and
avoid meaningful sanctions at its worst
the Predators so pervert truth and
ethics that they successfully portray
acts of murderous predation as loud
Ettore this is the case with many elite
wholesale suppliers pill mills and
prescribing physicians the principle
drivers and beneficiaries of the opioid
crisis it is an Alice in Wonderland
world in which power and predation
create an insane world dominated by the
predatory class crony capitalism and
kleptocracy represent the cases of
maximal power for the predatory class I
think this is part of the problem with
Trump is that both Democrats and
Republicans the only two parties we have
in America and Bernie Sanders
is there but they're all they're both
classes both parties are predatory they
love this predatory system the part of
this predatory system they enable it
they profit from it and the fact that
Trump speaks like a guy from Queens and
so thuggish and he like lets you he
brags about the predator predation he
and his friends are doing
remember he famously said that I don't
pay taxes only you know you know it's
stupid people don't know Helmsley she
said that but he also mocked the fact
that he didn't pay taxes during one of
the debates
she's a workout artist look I mean our
guest in the second half dr. Michael
Hudson wrote the book killing the host
okay in other words the financial
tapeworm the financial parasite is in
the body economic and it's destroying us
from within
this predation that's happening in the
pharmaceutical industry is just another
aspect of the host that we have become
for the parasites in the pharmaceutical
industry on Wall Street and in other
various industries and so what's the
cure for it how do you get rid of a tape
how to get rid of a parasite you know
you have to have a like a whole bottle
you can get a caffeine enema you know
something to drive out the Jamie
diamonds in your colon maybe that's why
the Milani little class is so into all
these like coffee shops everywhere yes
they're trying to purge themselves of
the parasites that the pharmaceutical
industry you know that's something to
think about during the break dan you
think I think it's a good idea I might
go have some coffee you know anyway
don't go away
much more coming your way stay right
there
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to turn to dr.
Michael Hudson author of many
outstanding books including most host
nation parasite no what's it called
telling the hoe killing the host write
about all the financial que para me
diamond enter out the body financial and
destroy us from within that's right
that's very well-written I've read it a
few times
alright so dr. Michael Hudson the
Democratic Party you know of the elite
they're trying to go out across America
to find out how they lost and they even
the language is messed up they said
they're going on a safari as if they're
studying you know the creatures on the
Serengeti somehow I think it shows what
race they're going to look at really
tell us more I'll throw that one to you
to follow up on it no secret as to why
they lost they they don't like the
working class they which they call the
white working class but it's really the
working class in general black white
Latino everybody there are there's still
the wall street party they are still the
party of donors and as long as they
think that the key electoral strategy is
only how do we raise money from the
donor class they're going to let the
donor class run the party and that's why
a few days ago when they just redesigned
the Democratic National Committee
they put lobbyists on them and what
they're doing is the opposite of what
the British Labour Party did that led to
Corbin's victory the British Labour
Party let the actual voters decide who
was going to be their candidate the
Democratic Leadership Committee says we
let the donors decide and the donors are
the people we appoint to the Board of
the National Committee so essentially we
would we lent the politicians decide
it's as if Britain would have let the
Tony Blair rights decide who was going
to be the next prime minister and now
they're letting via Hillary and Obama
eights decide which means Wall Street
the military-industrial complex so when
they're going on effect findings tour
what's there
you want to find out as how much you're
going to donate to our cause where is
the money and how much you're going to
give us that's the only facts that
they're really interested in because the
other facts as to why the working class
the middle class the women the black
vote and the Hispanics are turning
against them is no secret at all it is
the result basically of Obama now X
Obama's policies they give away to the
bank's they give away to the real estate
interests the refusal to apply any of
the anti-monopoly legislation that we
have in this country and people finally
realize they're getting screwed and the
result I think is going to be not only
the split in the Republican Party that
is now being talked about under Trump
but the Democratic party the Democrats
are so convinced that they are going to
win in 2018 against Trump they are
convinced that people dislike Trump so
much that the fight against the
supporters of Bernie against the
financial reformers against Elizabeth
Warren has got very vicious and
essentially they're saying we want
Republican suburban women we don't want
anyone with an income below 120 thousand
dollars a year and they've lost the vote
now you mentioned the class war that's
going on and in states like Wisconsin
and Michigan what we've discovered on
our great American pilgrimage is that
the lower classes are disproportionately
sent off to get killed in these wars and
a lot of the vote that came out
particularly in the black community and
in North Carolina where we spent a lot
of time and there is around Fayetteville
around the military bases
these are black communities their local
class communities there this is the
folks that are going out and fighting
America's Wars and getting killed and
there's no agency for them in Washington
Hillary Clinton to even bother to go
visit these people that's how little she
thinks about the soldiers the armed
services in America who go out and fight
for for the wars that she's peddling to
line her pockets
so that's where you see race become a
big factor now and the poor is getting
disenfranchised and the Democrats seem
completely tone-deaf to this this very
information no matter how obvious you
put it in their face they don't seem to
want to take it on board they spent a
billion dollars on research before
Hillary lost the election and apparently
she just took that stack of info through
the garbage
decided she knew best and they're
continuing in that tone-deaf method
going forward they if they haven't
learned a thing as of my question does
it appear so they have not learned
anything from their loss I think they
have followed the same policy
consistently what you call research is
giving money to their political
supporters I mean who is doing the
research it's a it's a kind of giveaway
it's about as honest as the research
isn't the same way it's a quid pro quo
you buy research but it's actually not
buying the research you're buying
commissions the soft dollar of Wall
Street is is disguised as research
that's really paid to play isn't it you
mean Hillary's just a banking fraud
schnook that's basically it and I think
people are onto that and the fact is
that Obama when he came in it's the
local state level
he had the Democratic Party stop any
promotion of candidates at the state and
local level and so now they're bereft of
candidates there are no candidates to
run and you know you ask why have they
lost both houses of Congress and the
governorship it's because they have no
one who has any message except to act as
a lobbyist for the Wall Street donors
and the military-industrial donors and
that's basically it and people are onto
that and I think that probably the
winner of the next election will be the
stay-at-home voting with their backside
as we say it all comes back to a
recurring theme in your analysis that
there there is nothing other than
following money that there is no policy
there there are no ideals there are no
philosophical discussions it's pure
banality and
ribery at every level and the moment we
step outside of that truth we get lost
well in order to have that you need
Margaret Thatcher's principle there is
no alternative Society yeah she said
also yes right and if you can convince
people that there's no such thing as
society and there is an alternative then
what we have is the result of natural
evolution and it's a force of nature and
if you haven't succeeded you should
blame yourself for not evolving
okay so let's bring out the the analogy
here and expand it a little bit we've
witnessed an incredible scandal in
Hollywood were a couple of gentlemen
have been involved in serial rape cases
and abhorrent public behavior and and
this is however the law of the Hollywood
jungle isn't it this is evolution they
were never dividing by any social norms
whatsoever they were just acting out of
there some kind of caveman psychosis oh
I can't imagine what Weinstein said I am
Bill Clinton I am Bill Clinton and he
could do it all that's the point I was
trying to make
so now you've written a number of books
that that that suggest starting with
super imperialism which was I think was
that your first big book that's the
first big book it's being translated
into German in two weeks under financed
Imperium it finally got to Germany yes
how many years 30 years 30 years so
after Japan and China of course in
German it would be twice as thick
wouldn't it because all those German
words are like polysyllabic but so the
US has been experiencing their super
imperialistic tendencies for a number of
decades and yet somehow in 2017 if a fly
you know
runs into Mama's apple pie it's Putin
and Russia's fault
everything is Putin's fault everything
is Russia's fault Russia the newest
theory is that Russia was behind the
standing rock protests in North Dakota
that Russia was behind black lives
matter you're looking at this Empire
geopolitics for decades what's this all
about there was a discussion last week
about how the universe was formed and
they can't figure out if there's so much
matter there ought to be a universe of
antimatter well we have the antimatter
that's the anti-trump saying it wasn't
Hillary's fault it wasn't Obama's fault
is Putin's fault but now that it turns
out that it was Hillary that was working
with the Russians Hillary that was
taking money from the Russian foundation
to sell them the uranium company Hillary
that was going to the Russian KGB people
to get the fake files on Obama I think
that Iran China on Trump I think that
what Trump should do took blow up the
antimatter is saying the Democratic
Committee really seems to be an arm of
the KGB and it's run by call me and the
congressional investigator right if
anyone's the puppet master of the FSB
now and the Putin in Russia hey what it
looks like Hillary that's right I mean
she now is to cook and the people who
are Hillary apologists in Hollywood you
know a cover story to show that Hillary
spent on the KGB payroll all the time if
if Trump can get that story that anti
that matter will blow up the antimatter
and people will just throw up their
hands and say it's all just a fiction
it's you know their academic you're a
respected author you you are a deep
thinker and you are generalist you have
knowledge in many different disciplines
and what you're positing there is not
from someone who's idly speculating
about matters you've did this is in a
deep held conviction amongst now an
emerging group of very smart people in
America that Hillary in fact could be a
Russian agent the fact is she's simply
up for sale and someone who's up for
sale like her as an agent who of whoever
has the money so all they have to do is
follow the money and they can blame they
could say she's a Saudi Arabian agent
they could say she's an agent of any
contributor to the Clinton Foundation
for whom she is Secretary of State gave
money for she certainly acted as an
agent of France in invading Libya if you
look at this in the context of
opportunity there's a lot of ways you
can go with it
Trump's trade representative wants to
get rid of the isds the investors
dispute settlement within trade deals
that gave corporations their own justice
system above and beyond the nation-state
shouldn't this be a Democratic Party
ambition you'd think they'd want to get
rid of the kangaroo court but it's not
the Democratic position because they're
supported by Wall Street the Democratic
Party is the party of Wall Street and of
course Wall Street wants to be able to
prevent any government from imposing
ecological rules or rules against
financial fraud or rules in the national
interest so that's not what the
Democratic Party stands for you know
came on as an outsider and he's only not
even a year into his administration is
there a chance yet that we may see some
surprises in terms of him attacking some
of the deep state operatives going
forward you'd think he would you'd think
The Wall Street Journal has been
suggesting that in every week in its
editorials saying the fight is between
the military that Trump has supported
himself with against the CIA and the
State Department and you already have
tellers in dismantling much of the State
Department that's the real fight the
military versus the state the CIA well
yeah you can see that fight in Syria the
CIA for the last five years has been
supporting al Qaeda al Qaeda was really
America's Foreign Legion and and finally
the military stopped in the Americans in
Syria from backing al-qaeda and al-nusra
and that led to supposedly Russia's
victory so that the the fact the
Democrats said if you're not supporting
al Qaeda you're on Putin side and that's
why they're blaming Putin because for
them Putin is the enemy of al Qaeda and
is the enemy of their friends right got
it okay dr. Michael Hudson thanks good
to be here all right well that's gonna
do it for this edition of the guys of
report with me Max Keiser and Stacey you
know we're like thinking that dr.
Michael Hudson if you're gonna catch us
on Twitter its Kaiser report until xn
bye y'all
