welcome to on contact today we discuss
our age of anger with the writer
Pankaj Mishra people are desperately fed
up with the present moment and they are
very vulnerable to fantasy with Chris
Hedges the nihilism and rage sweeping
across the globe are not generated by
warped ideologies or medieval religious
beliefs these destructive forces have
their roots in the obliterating of
social cultural and religious traditions
by modernization and the consumer
society the disastrous attempts by the
United States to carry out regime change
often through coos and Wars and the
destructive ideology of unfettered
corporate capitalism that has
concentrated wealth in the hands of a
tiny cabal of corrupt global oligarchs
this vast global project of social
engineering during the last century
persuaded hundreds of millions of people
as punkish Mitra writes to renounce and
often scorned
a world of the past that had endured for
thousands of years and undertake a
gamble of creating modern citizens who
would be secular enlightened cultured
and heroic the project has now proved to
be a spectacular failure Aarti
correspondent Anja param Pelle looks at
how the New Deal saved the United States
from political Anarchy for the first
three decades of the 20th century the
United States was ripe for political
revolution since the turn of the century
the concept of socialism had been
spreading rapidly in the United States
by 1912 160 councilmen 145 aldermen a
congressman and 56 mayors were elected
across the country as socialists the
major US cities of Milwaukee and
Berkeley were now governed by socialist
leaders and the Socialist Party had over
125,000 members nationally the stock
market crash of 1929 and subsequent
economic depression instilled further
fears in the ruling elite and FDR rushed
to implement the New Deal in effect
creating limited socialist programs in
order to squash the risk of all-out
revolution the New Deal
brought about reforms to the financial
system like the glass-steagall Act which
separated investment and commercial
banking it also established the
Securities and Exchange Commission
tasked with regulating the securities
industry and enforcing federal law it
also gave people a taste of socialist
policies like work of protection jobs
for the unemployed Social Security and
federal help with mortgages though to be
clear these policies were still
inextricably linked to the free market
system
which is why FDR declared himself in
1933 quote it was this administration
which saved the system of private profit
and free enterprise after it had been
dragged to the brink of ruin and why
we've still experienced economic booms
and bust ever since Thank You Anya I'm
joined today by Pankaj Mishra he is the
author of from the ruins of empire and
several other books including his latest
the age of anger the history of the
present he is a columnist for Bloomberg
view in the New York Review of Books he
writes regularly for the Guardian London
Review of Books in The New Yorker he is
a fellow of the Royal Society of
literature and he divides his time
between London and India I thought this
book was brilliant I mean I thought you
nailed it as somebody who spent a lot of
time in the developing world and your
thesis is that our view I'm speaking
that you know that American centric
maybe even Western centric view of
what's happening in the Middle East in
places like India with the rise of Hindu
nationalism
is completely wrong this is not as
Huntington said a clash of civilizations
what is it well it's interesting you
raise that question because for a long
time we have been talking about failing
States or failed States in the Middle
East we've been talking about religious
extremism we've been locating the
sources of militant ideologies in
particular religions most prominently
Islam but now I think with the election
of Donald Trump with the eruption of
white supremacist movements right in the
heart of the modern West
I think all those paradigms all those
and modes of analysis all those
analytical frameworks lie incomplete
ruins you know what actually what the
events of the last year have told us
that our analysis was catastrophic ly
wrong about these places but wasn't your
analysis analysis pushing back against
them yeah for a very long time but you
know I was just a guy from India writing
my books in relative isolation writing
my articles and essays
there was an entrenched consensus here
that we have achieved the best that
humanity can can achieve and that is now
the duty the obligation of other
countries to follow us and if they don't
we will force them reinforcement to do
it yeah true war will invade their
territory
or through global through globalization
through through forcing them to open up
their economies to our capital to our
Goods and that is how we will create
this utopia and you I think argue
correctly that what this kind of
experiment in modernization did was rent
the fabric of these societies and
destroy us ultimately I'm a sense of
identity really right
well you know right from the beginning
19th century onwards where the modern
world begins large parts of the world
have had to reckon with the fact of
imperialism you know you have to
remember that capitalism arrives in this
country together with imperialism that
means that many societies in Asia and
Africa never really have a chance never
have the opportunity to grow
independently to actually enjoy true
sovereignty and freedom so this has been
going on for for much longer than just
say three decades of globalization that
we witnessed what we did see in the last
three decades of globalization was a
kind of a moral individualism we saw an
emphasis on an ideology that had no time
for social solidarity
no time for community belonging it was
only really interested in profit well
was it was to what extent was it what
was it the same process but with the
language of kind of ABBA knighted
paternalism which we saw in India we saw
in Africa we saw in Latin America but
certainly the British ran India like a
plantation did it I mean there was
always this metric that we are here for
the good of the natives that we are here
to uplift them but that was
fundamentally a racist narrative just
simply assuming that the society some of
them highly sophisticated with
civilizations much older than any in in
Western Europe and America needed to be
uplifted and you heard the same rhetoric
in the last three decades you know
societies that have achieved their own
ways of being you know responding to
particular circumstances Geographic
political and their own histories what
told that it's not good enough that they
have to be they have to conform to a
certain image that the powerful what
what's this done what has this done to
those because you write quite
extensively about this what is it done
to the very the very roots the culture
the what happened and and and and I
think you argue quite convincingly that
it was that destruction that brought us
to where we are so first tell me what
happened and what it engendered well I
think you know over over over the long
term you are looking at entire societies
being undermined politically
economically socially all happening
simultaneously so they lose sovereignty
they are occupied they're invaded in the
first instance then they regain
sovereignty after decolonization but
they are still deeply dependent on
powerful countries whether colonized by
the IMF absolutely then you see a
process of neocolonialism and at the
same time impossible goals are proposed
for those societies which means
uprooting millions of people bringing
them out from their rural habitats into
the big cities which cannot accommodate
them breaking up communities
breaking up agrarian communities all
premised on endless progress towards an
industrial utopia of consumerism now in
most countries this does not happen that
utopia is not realized it's not fulfill
it's a fantasy mostly but what has
already happened is uprooting on a
massive scale individuals left to fend
for themselves feeling utterly disorient
so we're just talking about the
destruction of communal life
obstruction of village self-sufficiency
in terms of agriculture religion all of
it decimated absolutely I mean this is a
process you now see the consequences of
in large parts of Asia and Africa where
utter Anarchy prevents you know
political structures of collapse the
nation states does not hold any meaning
does not have any meaning all other
forms of Association whether you know
the local mosque trade unions so many
different forms of human solidarities
have been undermined have been destroyed
one reason why so many people that are
attracted to anarchist forms of violence
today is this what Durkheim called enemy
the result of that dislocation of the
self well it's a global epidemic right
now and it is a result partly of the
destruction of so many things that end
our meaning to human life so in many
ways you know what we are looking at
goes beyond the question of economic
inequality or political dysfunction we
are looking at a really serious crisis
spirit I mean I think your words your
mouth but almost as kind of spiritual
crisis additional crisis a psychological
crisis you quote Aaron Anna Haran and
said that you know this kind of assault
as errant right creates a tremendous
increase in mutual hatred and a somewhat
universal irritability of everybody
against everybody else or result em all
and that I think you are you expresses
itself in
radical jihadism in all of these which
are often defined as kind of a religious
you know retreat back into another time
you would argue that's not not true at
all that this is a modern phenomena they
may use that kind of language but what
they're coping with is a modern malaise
and a modern reality and you write about
that explain well you know the kind of
rhetoric that the jihadists use you can
also find it you can you can listen to
it in India you can listen to it in in
Myanmar today you can listen it listen
to it in practically every country in
the world today there are of course
local variations they're not using the
language of Islam they might be using
the language of Buddhism they might be
using the language of Hinduism in in in
this country they might be resorting to
the racialist rhetoric of the of the
19th century so what we are looking at
is the expression of this race on
tomorrow which can assume many different
forms but I think we have to look at the
underlying sources of that which is this
enormous process of dispossession or
dislocation and psychological and
spiritual disorientation people who now
desperate for meaning bonding together
in these forms of negative solidarity
invoking a sense of community by
excluding someone else by demonizing
someone who they are living with we'll
come back to that when we return we'll
continue our discussion with Pankaj
Mitra author of the age of anger with
Chris Hedges welcome back to on contact
let's get back to our conversation with
Pankaj mishra author of the age of anger
a history of the present one of the
things that many people in the West
don't understand which you also write
about is the reality of modernization
which you call one of carnage and bedlam
rather than peaceful converge
and that inability to understand and in
fact hold up as kind of a moral good the
very values that have created this
disruption talk a little bit about that
reality as opposed to way that that
reality is presented in industrialized
countries well you know it's a very
modernization as a deeply ambiguous
process it of course has brought us an
expansion of rights for women for the
working classes for all kinds of
different minorities ethnic religious
sexual so there are undoubted
achievements of modernization but at the
same time we forget that modernization
is always been accompanied by extensive
violence and dispossession we saw that
first when Britain modernized it had to
go out and conquer different parts of
the world it had to enslave large
numbers of people likewise many other
countries in Western Europe and of
course in this country so modernization
right from the beginning was accompanied
by this kind of systemic structural
violence often campaigns of genocide
often campaigns of genocide against
native populations whether in Australia
whether in this country now when this is
presented as an ideal to other countries
around the world that you should
modernize this history was obscured this
history was elided so the costs the
enormous costs involved in this process
and the fact that only a small number of
countries were unable to even achieve a
degree of success in this project
largely because they had those
advantages of imperialism of slavery and
genocide those costs were hidden for the
rest of the world so in many ways you
know the rest of the world is caught in
a court in a kind of trap that it is
trying to achieve what are impossible
goals essentially of becoming or coming
raising themselves to the same level of
consumerism of affluence as a tiny
minority of Europeans and Americans at
the same time inflicting violence
not just on the neighbors but you know
also on their own people's if you see
look at India today India is engaged in
a process of internal colonialism
uprooting its indigenous peoples
dispossessing them waging wars against
its own people you see that in in many
other countries around the world so we
really have to develop a more
sophisticated understanding of what
modernize modernization means rather
than think that this is something very
benign which can be achieved by
spreading free markets around the world
and by spreading democracy around the
world that is a kind of fantasy that you
know I'm afraid many many people many
intelligent people in this part of the
world brace its utopian in the negative
sense of the word and then Thomas Moore
coined the word that literally means no
place and yet it was propagated despite
clear factual evidence that it wasn't
working by popularizers from Thomas
Friedman to the Chicago School quite
effectively and I think even at this
point many certainly I think in the
United States they really don't have it
all yet have formulated even an
alternative vision nobody has a clue you
know look at indifference since just in
the last 20 years we were told that if
he modernize if we industrialized if we
become a manufacturing powerhouse we
will be able to give employment to the
millions of people entering the
workforce every year and that we will
become a major superpower
now what happens automation comes in
mechanization comes in we don't do much
with manufacturing and what happens to
those millions of people who now waiting
for jobs that will not materialize you
have all the makings here of social and
political calamity and in many ways the
rise of someone like Narendra Modi is a
symptom that things are going badly
wrong that this project of modernization
we embarked upon with all this fantasy
and fantastical notions indeed you know
those propagated by people like Thomas
Friedman have really put us in a very
dangerous place now if we had the wisdom
to think about what can actually happen
in India do we really need to become to
change this fantasy of an industrial of
becoming an industrial manufacturing
powerhouse was there some other way of
employing these millions of people
entering the workforce these questions
were never asked well you turn
subsistence farming into you know
commodity farming for cash crops and
what do you have 250,000 Indian farmers
have committed suicide because they have
to take out loans then they can't pay
the loans back it's been a calamity in
the Indian countryside oh absolutely I
mean you know we used to blame the
Marxist and the Communists for positing
a kind of teleology and saying you know
progress is inevitable if only you do
this you will get to that other stage
but what we have looked at in the last
three decades is a much more fantastical
notion of worldwide improvement if only
you do this and what you you know
basically being what people have been
told to do this is obviously benefiting
some people in this part of the world
and indeed in also a tiny minority in
places like India you quote Max Weber it
talks about the advance of an impersonal
bureaucracy in an industrialized nation
reaching the despairing diagnosis of the
modern world as an iron cage from which
only a charismatic leader offers escape
well this is a situation of large
numbers of people who feel trapped who
feel powerless who are full of fear and
out of these feelings they find
themselves they are there they're
compelled to invest their faith in
various strongmen charismatic leaders
who offered to cut through all the
glacial processes and deliver on the
promises of prosperity of stability
equality that the old elites have failed
it is it often caught up in kind of a
mythical the return of a golden era the
return of a lost the lost ministers what
Trump is doing it's a sign of uprooted
nice you know too long for this golden
past with which you have actually no
connection whatsoever you you see that
you know we used to again
think of only jihadists as longing for a
Caliphate but you now see this around
the world you know in people longing for
in this country for a time before the
Civil War people longing to recreate
Hindu Golden Age likewise and in in in
in Buddhist countries and and it's it's
a sign that people are desperately fed
up with the present moment and they are
very vulnerable to fantasy you're right
nationalism is more than ever before a
mystification if not a dangerous fraud
with its promise of making a country
great again written before Trump was
elected and it's demonization of the
other it conceals the real conditions of
existence and the true origins of
suffering even as it seeks to replicate
the comforting bomb of transcendental
ideals within a bleak earthly horizon so
what they're offering is a fantasy
unachievable what are the consequences
of that where's that gonna lead well
we've seen this movie before where
nationalism is used to create political
communities really brought together by
hatred of the other we saw savage ethnic
cleansing as a result of that in Europe
in other parts of the world and I fear
that after in a relative 3/4 at least
you know since since the end of the
Second World War in Western Europe and
America many of those tendencies have
reemerged so we are looking at a very
very bleak scenario in in in many ways
not just in Western Europe in America
but also in other parts of the world
which have now experienced this
traumatic process of modernization in
the United States we dug our way out of
that through a form of socialism with a
new deal we don't have those resources
anymore what what is gonna be the
response I mean America itself is prey
to what you're writing about
we've de-industrialized the country half
of the country at least lives in virtual
poverty how does the state the modern
state respond to this kind of disquiet
they're responding of course abroad
through
ratcheting up even more violence which I
think you argue correctly only makes the
problem worse I mean in fact it kind of
in many ways responds to what these
movements seek which is a kind of
confrontation well you know the only
antidote to two to this culture of
cruelty and sadism is the culture of
compassion and solidarity and you know
the great damage we did to ourselves the
walls the legitimizing socialism
socialism as an idea socialism as an
idea that includes feeling for the weak
feeling of solidarity and compassion for
the weak having abandoned that idea
having D legitimize that idea we find
ourselves today spiritually and
politically helpless and I think you
know what when you mentioned the New
Deal of course socialism was never
really a living force in the United
States but in large parts of the world
it acted as a corrective to the more
savage ruthless tendencies of capitalism
in the last three decades we let
capitalism assume this savage ruthless
so we celebrated it we say I mean in
popular culture without and in India and
that is not exempt from this and I mean
you know right from the beginning of the
modern world socialism has acted as a
check on those evil tendencies so
whatever political solutions emerge in
the future we have to we have to recover
this intellectual and political resource
which was the idea of socialism and yet
these global capitalist elites who have
amassed tremendous tools of industrial
violence wholesale security seem utterly
obtuse disconnected the political
systems in the United States and other
countries have virtually seized up they
don't function well it's you know it's
partly a consequence of exalting greed
competitiveness
vanity turning them into desirable
sheiva bull ideas you know we really
have lived through a state of
ideological intoxication and we are
looking at the upshot of that today in
the form of a figure like Donald Trump
in this culture of brutality that we see
around us whether it's the whether it's
the Burmese leader you know denying that
anything like ethnic cleansing is
happening in in in in in Burma or
Myanmar or you know immigrants refugees
being demonized and and persecuted in in
in large parts of the world we are
looking at a culture of cruelty a kind
of entrenched institutional culture of
cruelty and I really think you know
there is no escape from it except
through a recovery of the ideals we
trampled into the dust three decades ago
well let's hope we get there
that was Pankaj Mishra author of the age
of anger a history of the present the
wretched of the earth as friends fan
I'll call them have been shorn of any
ideological or cultural cohesion they
are cut off from their past they live in
crushing poverty numbing alienation
hopelessness and often terror they are
revolting against these forces of
modernization driven by an atavistic
fury to destroy the technocratic world
that condemns them this rage is
expressed in many forms Hindu
nationalism proto fascism jihadism the
Christian Right and anarchic violence
Western elite self-serving Lee to find
the plash as one between the values of
the enlightened West and medieval
barbarians but the disenfranchised do
not hate us for our values they hate us
because of our duplicity use of
indiscriminate industrial violence and
concentrated wealth to dominate their
lives thank you for watching you can
find us on our t-dot-com slash on
contact until next week
