hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered on peter Lavelle
while the media and the democrats can't
get enough of russia russia russia the
democrats own dirty laundry is coming to
life also can twitter be trusted and has
the US and its allies accepted defeat in
syria
crosstalking a rigged system I'm joined
by my guests here in Moscow mark sloboda
he's an international affairs and
security analyst we also have Victor 11
he is a political analyst as well as a
leading expert at the center for actual
politics and of course we have Dimitri
bhavish he is a political analyst with
Sputnik international all right
gentlemen crosstalk rules in effect that
means you can jump in any time you want
and I always appreciate it we're calling
this program rigged system we've just
heard from Donna Brazile who was acting
chairman chairperson of the Democratic
Party but indeed the Democrat primary
was rigged we all knew that okay and now
there's a confession here but I want to
broaden out let me go to Dima first
there it for me we see a rigged system
in almost every single sense and for me
it is the collapse of American soft
power around the world because the
values about transparency honesty one
man one vote one person one vote is all
collapsing right in front of our eyes
here I mean how can you go around the
world making these demands about values
Western values when you don't adhere to
them at home absolutely and I think it
started a few years ago because when
people saw that Americans have a choice
between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump
the obvious question is so this is
democracy for which millions of people
died in Iraq in Libya in Syria that is
what we're striving for so I think it
started collapsing a few years ago but
now of course is is the peak because
actually the more this system is
reproducing itself around the world the
less attractive it becomes you know in
El Pais a globalist newspaper in Spain
they started throwing accusations two
days ago that Russia organized the
Catalonian crisis so it was not the
Spanish judge who ordered eight former
members no no there's nothing wrong with
spared Spain's democracy Spain was a
normal European country until some
Russians go to them I don't think
there's anything normal in the West
anymore a picture you know in you know
of course we had the story about
the Bernie Sanders being cheated here
but we have the same problems in the
Republican Party as well they tried to
rig that one they tried to deny a
popular candidate Donald Trump he
succeeded Hillary Clinton didn't succeed
when it was rigged here but we have
rigging an entire political system is
rigged and it will talk about Twitter as
well social media plays a role in this
to go ahead what happened this election
cycle really shows that American
democracy today is a sham we really
didn't find much new from Brazil's
revelations it was all a confirmation we
knew that she shared questions that CNN
was going to ask during that Town Hall
with Hillary Clinton shared it with
Clinton's campaign we knew that the
Clinton campaign used the DNC budget as
it's personal appears but we knew that
before now it's just being confirmed we
also have a very interesting statement
by Donna Brazile about her thinking
about switching from from hillary
clinton to joe biden and why she decided
not to do it it was because she thought
all the women in the United States who
were proud to have Hillary Clinton
identity politics right but but what
does it really say it really says that
she thought as many Democrats did not
just followers of Bernie Sanders that
that he was no longer a candidate she
admits it who could win it who was
likely to win at that point she was
worried about that and even though even
though she has a chairman of the DNC
thought that Hillary's chances were slim
er than then thought before she was not
going to exchange you for somebody else
like Biden only because somebody you
know that women would be visits were
that a lot of people the democratic
political in the Democratic Party win
when they lose okay we know that okay it
that is really the the what makes it
really quite absurd go ahead mark Peter
there you go again you and the former
DNC head donna brazile and the ultra
progressive senator Elizabeth Warren
you're saying exactly
what Putin wants you're casting doubt on
the sanctity of the American democratic
system you're making people doubt how
and this is what why this this is why
this conspiracy will never die because
it it's one size fits the Westerner
ownio it's donna Brazile the western
rounds German the Clinton diehards are
already out in force now denouncing
Donna Brazile the woman who herself gave
Hillary Clinton that debate questions at
CNN in one of the town how forums during
the election she herself was part of
this that this process American
democracy is doing just fine destroying
itself thank you very much it does it
the unity helpfully pointing it out
coming to the studio here you know of
course I watched the airwaves and and
when of course there's a lot it's very
partisan but if you look at like CNN um
they still continue to defend this
failed candidate it's like a it's like
Stockholm Syndrome I think there's a cop
it's a cop thing and they can't see
beyond it I have to believe that they
did Donald Trump going on his trip to
Asia
it's just enjoying this watching them
continue to thrash themselves was not
the only disappointment you know she
disappointed the outer liberal elite by
losing you know the other disappointment
for normal people was Bernie Sanders
because it was showed to him now several
times that the victory was stolen from
him now Donna Brazile is confirming it
you know yet this was before the
election absolutely and still he is now
talking about Russian interference how
dangerous it is he doesn't regret urging
his supporters to vote for Clinton he is
the biggest disappoint and for normal
people I think there's is somebody who
wants to live his political life out in
the Senate his wife is facing some
charges in Vermont with with the college
connected with her and he understands
very well as politicians do that if he
would have pressed that issue with
Clinton further
his problems would get worse he would
everyone blame that's how the system
works everybody another one other
one-size-fits-all you know don't fight
the Clinton machine what else or else
let's talk about the details of this
because it is interesting when Debbie
wasserman-schultz took over the DNC and
we went into this election season the
Democratic National Committee the
Democratic Party was two million dollars
in debt they were still paying off the
debt from Obama's victory four years
previously and weren't expected to fill
it to pay it off for another four years
so there was a joint fundraising
agreement that was agreed between the
DNC under debbie Wasserman Schultz and
the Hilary Victory Fund Hilary can this
is the summer of 2015 they so they were
essentially this was before the primary
was decided this was when Bernie Sanders
was still a viable candidate this this
type of taking over the DNC is normal
after the primaries decided but this
happened well before that despite what
some of her diehards tried to say and
she basically used the DNC as a
money-laundering operation denying money
to the states which we saw a lot of
Democrats down back downhill didn't have
the the money they needed to fight
battles it was all sucked into this you
know doomed Hillary Clinton campaign and
this you know her people were in charge
of finance in charge of all the major
decisions everything it was a rigged
process from from beginning to end you
know one of the things diamond then
think is really interesting is it you
know they the left had their Messiah
president for eight years you know their
Messiah president but it was he was
nominally head of the party in the eight
years that a Barack Obama was in the
White House you saw over a thousand cm
seats assembly members etc excetera
vanish from the Democratic Party have
you heard one word of criticism from
about
Barack Obama during all this I haven't
well I like the expression of Donna
Brazile that I did find the cancer in
the center of all of this oh I think I
also did find the capsule you know if
she said she's not gonna kill the
patient but Barack Obama look at his
behavior during the election he
basically destroyed the institution of
Elections because this the maintain his
neutrality of state during the election
he not only endorsed his party's
candidate he also when bastard the
opposition candidate it's very very true
I mean watching him criticizing Trump
was very it's always been a partisan oh
it's more it's more backing your
candidate not attacking the other yeah
you have hacks to do that the print I
mean I guess the president he does
participate in hacker it was another
another very important event that
happened in May 2016 addressing the g7
publicly Obama said that Donald Trump
was not going to become the president of
the United States who was he to promise
it publicly to the leaders over the
break he was completely here again we
had the President of the United States
coming out in cribs very strongly
criticizing his attorney general Jeff
Sessions here that is something that is
a bit unusual okay but I think someone
is told Trump that what you can say what
you can't say okay but there's a lot of
pressure to look at the Clintons right
now Jeff Sessions is in the crosshairs
this is the thing when you know the
Clintons were opposed to terms before
the election they lost they lost the
election so today it's really not the
Clintons that are driving the anti-trump
agenda today they against them but
they're not trying it's the media that's
driving this is this is the interesting
thing about it the thing is that the
establishment is now willing in these
revelations from Donna Brazil and the
and other DNC staffers they show that
the bipartisan establishment is willing
to give up the Clinton
in this mess and what they're going to
do if Trump keeps on accusing Clinton of
this uranium one deal and of
collaboration of Rush and so forth what
they're going to do is they're going to
say okay you know that Donald Trump
you're right and we are right
so both the Clintons and the terms are
you know we're connected to Russia and
this is open to be used sacrificial -
I've gotta jump in here gentlemen we're
gonna go to a short break and after that
short break we'll continue our
discussion on a rigged system stay with
our tea
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things were considered on Peter lamelle
to remind you we're discussing a rigged
system
okay let's talk about the world of
Russia gate and indictments where do we
stand mark well with the indictments
that were that were issued last week as
expected it's the indictments against
Paul Manafort Trump's former campaign
adviser and one of his aides Robert
Gates have absolutely nothing to do with
the election they have nothing to do
with Russia and they have nothing to do
with Donald Trump these are a look into
his finances now whether the the Mueller
is trying some tactic that the FBI uses
against organized crime trying to put
pressure on him on a completely
unrelated completely flip it was to flip
him and get him to testify on something
else as presuming there's something else
there and when we get to George
papadopolis this this poor hapless
incompetent jr. a little obviously lied
to every well heart inflate his wonted
inflate himself and you know what
gentlemen he got his 15 minutes of fame
oh we think he's been charged with is
lying to the FBI about his connections
with Russia which he didn't have right
you know it was interesting why not
Michael Flynn
maybe because what mark you said them
with manna for in gates there's no
Russian connection there's a more of a
Ukrainian you know but with Flynn it
could be turkey again not Russia the
whole point of this is to force you know
Paul Manafort is a multi-millionaire who
is used a very comfortable way of life
in the last thing he wants to happen to
him is for he is to spend the rest of it
in in in in jail no because if he is
going to be convicted on these 12 judges
that it's a life sentence even on half
of these charges a life sentence for him
he's over 50 he's going to yes he's not
going to last eight years any of these
charges will actually stick considering
considering what's brought against these
people what kind of force they're going
to stick
if Mueller and the American
establishment once these changes to
they're going to stick and when efforts
know who knows this so he what doesn't
really want this you know to do with
this
he believes that facing these faced with
these charges Manafort trying to get at
least sound his the rest of his life
you know if really he is going to see
not not even necessarily what's true but
what's expected of him and he's going to
give the testimony that mule I don't
know
that's the vessel that's recording him
and if time and he could pardon himself
in a heartbeat if he pardons when a
fourth it's going to be a storm in
Washington and they're going to see the
model with Trump being taken out of the
White House it's it's built which way
it's going to happen is what we're
really looking at right now but frequent
guest on this segment okay we're gonna
keep a track about you man because you
have a pretty consistent view of what's
going to happen right here I think
metaphor he's an establishment figure
establishment sleaze ball with a capital
e he knows this way this game is played
and he saw george w bush pardons scooter
libby and and you know he was perfectly
willing to chill for a few years fight
this in court and then be pardoned but
with an outgoing trump or one who wins
really but he lost i remembers the case
of g gordon Liddy who unfortunately for
him he had to go to prison well Nixon
didn't well I think you know with poor
manifold I have no sympathy for him
because he's a lobbyist how can you have
sympathy for but but he did not want to
damage the American establishment he
walked for viktor yanukovych when Viktor
Yanukovych was not an enemy of the
United States just look at Obama
statements in 2009 for because says he
worked for the Ukrainian president Yulia
Tymoshenko best Mueller's indictment
that's are they running what kind of
circus are they running there
turn from the Atlantic Council notice
this but he was working for Yanukovych
look at Obama's statements from 2009
about Yanukovych at the time the United
States would disappointed with ushanka
Timoshenko because they quarreled with
each other they were completely corrupt
so at the time Obama said that maybe
Yanukovych could be respecting
democratic norms respecting democratic
norms in the American news pick me
install in the American Life
he wasn't like he got a clean bill of
health on his election okay and if you
have pointed out on this program before
the day before the coup in February 2014
all the European leaders were very
friendly to mr. universe and they
express on a non grata yes but the point
is that it was not manifold who changed
it was their party line that changed and
the party line by changing you know kind
of brought disaster to mister manifold
and and the from you know sleeper do you
know I agree with you but gentlemen we
also have again it's not widely known
because liberal media doesn't want to
talk about it but the connections
between Podesta brothers and Manta Ford
I don't think I don't think metaphor
this is worried as you may think I think
he has old you know if I were to go down
a lot of people are gonna go with me
okay and I think I think the Washington
knows that okay so I'm not sure your
scenario is gonna work out just that way
well I think that actually if we look at
what's going on basically Trump is now
accusing Clinton of being a Russian
agent and Podesta's brother who worked
with Manafort right humor continues
accusing Trump have been a British agent
you know what it reminds me of here
drove and barrier in Stalin's times
declared millions of people being
British engines only to die being
executive as British agents themselves
we reversed the logic of totalitarian
state hashtags je suis Russian agents
we go back to the times of Joe McCarthy
and remember how the McCarthy year ended
at some point mr. McCarthy he went too
far and he thought he started accusing
parts of the army of the general staff
of collaborating with with the Soviets
with no evidence of course and one
wonders where is going to where that
point is going to be reached and when
that point is going to be this time
where is too far but they're incitive
and that's a good point but there is
unlike with McCarthy as you pointed out
there is evidence okay maybe we should
get rid of the word collusion because
collusion is not a crime okay but you
the dossier that the dossier is front
and center and we need a lot more
explanation about it and its ties to the
Democratic Party I mean we started out
we know the Democrats were in debt what
20 million two million but the
Democratic Party has 10 million or more
to pay for a fake dossier I think though
a lot of questions need to be asked so
unlike with McCarthy where it is just
you know accusations there's a lot of
evidence to look at but it's not if we
look at recent history the United States
colluded with Saddam Hussein when he was
fighting Iran and when he was using
chemical weapons against Iranians let's
not forget it so the problem is that the
United States has become a real
totalitarian state which changes its
foreign policy every 10 or 15 years and
people who supported that policy 15
years ago happened to be criminals today
and they're thrown under the bus I want
to talk about this Twitter thing mark
because it's again this political
corruption this rigged system is
creeping into the investigate and the
Russia gay probe in Congress Twitter
yeah so all during these investigations
we we've we've heard reports from all
these anonymous deep state current or
former officials and the other big
buzzword we've heard is russian linked
russian link this Russian link that what
is what is Russian linked well when the
big social media and tech CEOs Facebook
Twitter Google and others came to
testify before the Senate neo
McCarthyite Russia gave witch-hunt
trials they Twitter defined Russian
linked for us I think it sport pray tell
tell us all if you have any any Russian
email account
Yandex anything like that you're a
Russian agent your Russian linked a
Russian agent I think Tom Cruise is an
accountant if you have a Russian mobile
phone yeah your your your Kremlin agent
if you have a Russian credit card you're
a Russian agent if you have ever once
logged into social media from a Russian
IP address which means every Western
journalist in Moscow and anyone who has
ever visited Russia and check their
faces at your Kremlin age okay if you
have Russia as your declared country or
if you use Cyrillic if you I caught a
page may have met Russian six months ago
and failed to report it also if you if
you said that you were going to organize
a meeting with Putin sneeze or Putin's
nephew and didn't deliver on it you are
a Russian agent is interesting Google
admittedly Google which also owns
YouTube admitted that Russia broke no
rules RT Sputnik during its promotion to
promote ourselves is not illegal what
Twitter revealed is their attack on the
election because they censored the
election they identify according to this
BS criteria as Russian linked to percent
of of the activity that they highlighted
during the election but they censor they
deleted 25% of all posts with the
hashtag Podesta emails and 48% of all
posts with the hashtag DNC links and by
the way just yesterday Twitter
accidentally deleted
clear censorship during the election
hiding information that was damaging the
curtain they did you I saw a little bit
of the hearings gentlemen I was
embarrassed I was embarrassed for the
tech giants I was embarrassed for
Congress I mean it was like idiots
talking to fools I mean I I mean it's
almost like you know Stalin I need names
I need names I need me a definition the
Senate asked for a definition to define
the difference between a bot and a troll
because they didn't know what actually
feels in those situations for the tech
giants it's a it's a strange situation
where you actually feel for the tech
giants because they're not the ones that
are initiating it they see the storm but
they see the pressure they want it's
really what's worrisome here is that
they are going to open they're going to
allow themselves to be censored and have
very very detrimental way and you know
what gentlemen were rapidly running out
of time this will destroy their business
model and alternatives will come into
place to replace them because of what
Dima just said they're trusting the
government that's all that we have time
for gentlemen here many thanks to my
guests here in Moscow and thanks to our
viewers for watching us here arty see
you next time and remember crosstalk
walls
now for the extended version of our
program alright gentlemen this switch
gears a little bit let's talk about some
an update what's going on in Syria go
ahead dear
well if I can wrap it up in one word it
is victory you know Russia Syria and
Iran have won and that's why I didn't
see that in CNN I didn't see that at BBC
here either I'm sorry it's like
expecting Hitler to report that he was
defeated on the Eastern Front he always
reported that the front line has
stabilized you know in the same way in
fact you know the secular forces have
won in Syria Russia has helped them to
win and what's going on is that it's a
big question is Russia less or more
influential than the Soviet Union
paradoxically Russia is now more
influential because the Soviet Union you
know look what which people came here
under Brezhnev they came asking for
money you know the guys from Ethiopia
from African countries now we have the
big guys the Saudi King you know the
Turkish president coming here offering
business opportunity view in Russia it's
a seriously it's because of the the
blunders that we have seen committed by
the United States and its Western allies
and its regional allies and and by
Turkey but that's how you win wars
you don't win them by being very smart
yourself you do it by using your
opponent's blunders and that's what
Russia did in Syria I mean yeah I won't
sound such a triumphalist note it's
important to you know recognize
victories on the battlefield and the
full liberation of Deir Ezzor a city
that was under siege first by Al Qaeda
and then by Isis for a total of five
years 7,000 men most of the police some
some 2,000 local garrison troops held up
under a siege of Isis and al Qaeda black
soup tidal wave surrounding it for five
long years kept alive almost you know
Berlin what
all style by air literally from from the
Syrian government so you know those men
deserve credit in the city is now
completely freed isis is down to one
last urban bastion that strides across
the Syrian Iraqi border at Abu Kamal and
Alki a ma neither side and they're
already being defeated there the
Caliphate itself is collapsed but that's
long been the writing on the but of
course that's all Dawn's that's all of
course that's Donald Trump's yes only
here in the media at all what you hear
wall the wall but right as Barack Obama
said it's the Americans that liberated
ocean so we're in a few years it wasn't
the scenes it wasn't the Iranians it
wasn't the Russians that's what we
always another story that doesn't get
enough attention in my mind is the the
Kurd situation they basically have gone
back to where they started during all of
this the Kurds live mostly compactly in
four countries in the Middle East in
Turkey Iran Iraq and Syria and of course
that really complicates their situation
that they're playing divided by their
political divided there are many parties
some leftist some righteous some
pro-american some some not so
pro-american but the Americans always in
the last few years
wanted to use the Kurdish factor use
their favor in their favor so they make
some presents freed me twice exactly how
many times you're gonna throw the Kurds
under the bus their major allies in the
region Israel and Saudi Arabia is very
simple too because Israel is a pariah
state in the Middle East and they fully
understand that if Kurds would they ever
get their state it would it would be
another pariah state in the Middle East
we have no other allies besides Israel
in the United States so that's why
they're pushing this but well the prefer
the promises they made to the Iraqi
Kurds in the north in Kurdistan in Erbil
none of them were fulfilled now Kirkuk
which the Cure's hoped to cook is an
oil-rich city the carrot hopes to stay
at home forever
and what happened the Iraqis came in
they took it back in the Americans
didn't do anything to the to the Kurds
to fight not even actually right in the
Kurdish neither actually stepped down in
in sort of in revulsion over this with
the Catalonian president what you said
like fool me once fool me twice Massoud
Barzani the Kurdish leader received
burner and really in Iraq in Iraq you
know the guy who started the mass in
Libya the guy who supported Maidan well
if you receive burner and really be you
are going to be fooled six times seven
times eight times these guys never never
brings happiness to anyone
Livy is somebody who is an ideologue for
the people that actually start these
words he doesn't start them he doesn't
have that who writes nice things about
give word checks
that's what the reason part of the
reason why the Kurds you know the the
innocent Kurdish state collapsed in Iraq
is because part of those same Kurds
under the Taliban II clan rather than
the Barzani clan sided with the Iraqi
federal government in Baghdad withdrew
from their positions and let the bars
Ana's Peshmerga out to dry and then they
completely collapsed you know basically
overnight but the Kurds in Syria are
facing the same kind of situation now
because now with Isis disappeared across
the East the the focus is on this race
for territory oil between the US Kurdish
proxies the SDF there and the the Syrian
government and its allies and the the
question that Trump has to face he's
always denied that the u.s. is that it
is that he's doing anything in Syria
beside the feeding Isis well Isis is now
on its last legs it will soon be gone
and is he gonna be now nation building a
seizing territory
like I said when she said boots on the
ground is very rare for them to
I wouldn't cover two more things in this
extended version here I want to talk
about the president's president Trump's
trip to Asia and what in the world is
going on in Lebanon Lebanon first yes
well there's a sudden announcement from
South Hariri
I think is very worrying because he did
it in Riyadh prime minister a former
prime minister made the announcement in
Riyadh Saudi Arabia that he was
resigning but let's let's let's remember
that the assassination of his father in
2005 set off the crisis which you know
which forward later on actually the war
in Syria was a continuation of that
crisis so I'm really concerned and and I
think that you know Russian position is
we have always been very polite to mr.
Henry he came to Moscow many times we
have mended relations with all the
political groups in Lebanon including
Hezbollah I hope they will come to an
agreement but usually it's from Lebanon
that the distillation started that's why
it's an interesting story Lebanon has
very complicated politics with a unity
government with this Saudi and US backed
it must be said hari who represents
majority of the Sunnis and the
Christians and the Shia who generally
support Hezbollah in the country and and
he's resigning you know could you be any
more of a Saudi puppet if you resign
from a Saudi script on Saudi TV in
Riyadh while we always use the word
optics when you talk about optics all
right they're rabid we're rapidly
running on opportunity they talk about
Trump's a trip to Asia for most topics
is of course going to be on this trip is
going to be the situation the Korean
Peninsula and ways to resolve the
nuclear crisis there the problem with it
is is that there is a roadmap that China
and Russia have introduced to actually
resolve this crisis of course because
really there is no military solution to
it it doesn't exist despite what Trump
has been tweeting for months despite
what American administration officials
and Pentagon officials have been
declaring
for months there is no military solution
if you don't mind two or three million
dead South Koreans well Lindsey Graham
can live with the thing is this even
what that would do that's in there it
would not only demolish and kill
millions and hundreds of thousands of
South Koreans and North Koreans it would
also kill and wound tens of thousands of
Americans who are stationed you know the
closest American place to North Korea is
located just some several miles from the
border so it's the American soldiers and
officers who are stationed there are
their families they're going to be
victims of this just as much as South
Koreans and North Koreans and others in
the vicinity but but it would also
destroy and severely damaged America's
reputation not only not only in the Far
East in Asia but around the world
America would no longer be considered as
possibilities was it that is why I think
the the tweets are a cover it's for show
I think Trump actually wants to sit down
and talk to the Chinese and talk to the
Russians and he's gonna ask for help
look he needs to ask for help but you
can't get help unless you're willing to
give some to that's how international
politics works that's how diplomacy
works and at this point you know there's
going to be there is a meeting that's
possibly going to happen between Trump
and Putin in Vietnam
and we know from the past for the from
their first meeting in Hamburg that it
doesn't even matter so much as to what
Trump is willing to give or what he's
going to negotiate about but what
manages did the American political
establishment does wants to prevent him
right from making any concessions at all
and diplomacy doesn't work there's very
no concessions because who is going to
give you something if you're not going
to do anything in return and this
program you use the good sheriff analogy
the US and Asia
what kind of Sheriff does Trump want to
show himself to be on this trip well I
mean unfortunately he has a very bad leg
because Barack Obama was a kind of anti
Nixon you know you have this triangle
China Russia the United States the point
of this triangle is that each of the
poles wants the other two poles to
quarrel well you have good relations
with both and that's what Nixon achieved
he had more or less good relations with
China with Russia while China and the
Soviet Union were colliding right Obama
managed to do the reverse Obama Clinton
and Bush absolutely yes now Russia has
good relations with China but the United
States is at odds with both China and
Russia well Russia has has good
relations with everybody yes but but the
point is that Trump now visits well I
mean in the region and talking about in
Asia here there when he visits South
East Asia he'll be tackling the problems
he simply doesn't understand I'm
terrified to think what he how he will
react when the South Korean president
moon jae-in starts to talk about comfort
women here you know Trump may think this
is something about his reception foreign
policy people the deep state of course
is interested in North Korea Trump
doesn't care about North Korea thing and
there is no easy solution Trump is going
to Asia he wants to talk trade he wants
to talk to us droid he says we will take
care of a we will and let's see that
that's that that's not even loaded yet
see that's the problem with this kind of
rhetoric it's like calling the President
to the Russian Federation the next
Hitler well how do you walk it how do
you buy the next inflammatory tweet it
will be swept under the rug and Trump is
going to Asia all about gentlemen that's
all the time we have here for this
extended version of cross-like i hope
you've enjoyed it and remember
crosstalk wars
you
