Google has been criticized for being
overzealous and intrusive after it
clamped down on personal accounts
clients using its word processor app
were locked out of their documents after
their files were deemed to be abusive
the media giant has blamed a glitch for
the problem but as Daniel Hawkins now
reports it has sparked another debate
over online privacy have you ever used
Google Docs to write an article a letter
a poem perhaps if you think the files
are for your eyes only you might be very
wrong you're being monitored and just
while you're writing you're suddenly
locked out of your own documents well
that's exactly what happened to one
reporter with National Geographic
writing a story on wildlife crime has
anyone had Google Docs lock you out of a
document before my draft of the story
about wildlife crime was just frozen for
violating their Terms of Service well
she's a journalist
maybe we're all considered political
actors by Google now but why a
computational biologists in Plant
Pathology specializing in potato disease
another unwitting victim was the founder
of new york-based socialist magazine the
Jacobin locked up while editing an
article on European post socialist
parties Google thought that was
inappropriate but have no fear
Google is here the company of course
issued a rapid apology and explained
what happened it was all a mistake will
mistakenly blocked access to some of our
users files including Google Docs this
was due to short-lived bug that
incorrectly flagged some files as
violating our Terms of Service the
process apparently doesn't involve any
real human intervention so don't worry
robots will decide what's appropriate
and what's not I like to use Google Docs
for drafts because my editor and I can
work together in real-time but this kind
of monitoring is creepy but if all that
worries you don't make a fuss after all
you carefully read and agreed to those
terms and conditions which say your work
will be monitored didn't you that was
that Daniel
walking's reporting well our company has
also experienced problems with Google
Docs we have asked Google to comment on
this story and as yet we're still
waiting for a reply meanwhile Mario
bergamini from the shoutout UK news
website says that people should be
concerned by how much their online
content is being monitored companies
have always turned around and said that
that you know it's your fault as the
consumer you know we offered your
product these are the terms and
conditions and and to one extent I guess
yes we should be more wary we should be
more aware of of what we're signing up
to however I would say that that's a
that's a cement Alec that we need to
change because a lot of these companies
make their terms and conditions so
ridiculously long that most people won't
sit there and read them and I think
that's something that they do on purpose
and companies need to be clear about
what we wore they're actually offering
people I think that's something that has
been skirted around for way too long we
need to be clear as to what we're
signing up and that's where governments
need to step in and say you need to make
your terms and conditions a lot clearer
and you could tell people what they're
actually signing up to because at the
moment a lot of people I think don't
actually know and don't realize how much
of their privacy they're actually giving
away
