world anti-doping agency has voted to
reinstate Russia's anti-drug agency was
after the body was suspended you may
recall back in 2015 over an alleged
state-sponsored doping scandal Alexia
rejewski our sport correspondent and
across this today coming up with some
criticism this move from wider the over
seeing body here about letting resada
the Russian anti-doping agency back in
today after what recital would say was
three very long years take us through
that meeting in the seychelles that
wrapped up about four hours ago what
came out of it and how they voted you
were right on the money they're heading
into this meeting the world anti-doping
agency was under barrage of criticism
and the barrage of please not to
reinstate rusada in its full rights in
its full authority in Russia coming from
different entities the number of
anti-doping agencies across the world
including the UK the US New Zealand
Australia Canada Poland 13 countries in
total plus the vice president of water
said that she would never vote for
reinstatement and in fact she did not
vote for reinstatement she was one of
the two people who voted against nine
people the vast majority of the 12
people on the executive board voted for
the reinstatement and one person
abstained so now this decision is set in
stone rusada is reinstated by water but
it's a mistake to think that this is an
unconditional reinstatement and in fact
the agency came out with a lengthy press
release explaining the reasons as to why
that happened but let me just say that
you know the amount of criticism as I
mentioned was huge
and now the head of the US anti-doping
agency Travis Tygart came out with a
statement with a lot of superlatives in
it all negative towards water coming
down to one thought that he believed
that water needs to be reformed after
this decision and that effectively green
stating resada is a blow to clean sports
which is even after so much times
elapsed for changes to be made if
changes did need to be made yeah I think
water is obviously taking a different
view that it's time for a fresh start
take a fresh and and move forward Lonnie
Wade they said that this roadmap didn't
they for Russia it's quite complicated a
lot of points in it two main ones stuck
out and they seem to have been abridged
indeed there were a 31-point
on the roadmap which was put forward two
years ago and 29 of them had no problem
whatsoever they were accomplished last
year in august wada
admitted that and said it's fine things
like inviting the experts from the UK
anti-doping agencies into russian labs
to promote to make training change the
entire personnel hold audits every month
so that was no problem the two sticking
points were first of all the admittance
of the findings of the mclaren report
which was the basically the the breaking
point and one of the bones of contention
and secondly access to the labs in
russia and let us listen to the sports
minister of russia private club cove on
the first point of these two mm-hmm the
decision is crucial for russia we've
worked for a long time together with the
international anti-doping agency a
sports community we have reformed our
anti-doping system we never denied the
existence of anti-doping violations we
will fully contribute to fulfilling the
demands left under Russia's legislation
so about that first point this is how
wada explained it in the official press
release that the letter from the russian
sports ministry to wada which was sent
on the 13th of september amounts to an
acceptance of all the findings of the
internationally being committee Schmidt
report which itself endorsed the core
findings of the water Commission's
McClaren investigation reports including
that a number of individuals within the
Ministry of sport and its subordinate
entities were involved in the
manipulations of the anti-doping system
in Russia so that's basically the
wording which was deemed sufficient by
one and for reinstatement as for the
second point important about the labs
about the access to urine samples which
have been under the federal
investigation water was very very clear
on that that this access must be
provided until December the 31st which
is a little less than four months from
now if it's not provided rusada goes
back into the wilderness of
non-compliance so basically this is a
very very strong ultimatum of source
that you guys provide us with the access
to labs otherwise it's back to being
non-compliant
okay unassuming things stay going
forward moving forward and that happens
what is what's this gonna mean for the
International Athletics Federation and
particular
Russian athletes Russian athletes that
were cleaner were found to be clean that
have got a future and what's it gonna
mean for people that were found not to
have been clean along the way as well
well this changes nothing for those who
have been found guilty of doping they
will stay banned it's all about the
clean athletes obviously but it's it's
too early to say whether you know the
waters decision opened the door for the
Russian athletes to be back in sport for
the clean athletes obviously but it has
given them the chance to open that door
it's not a victory it's not a
last-minute goal which you know wins it
for rusada it's only a chance for the
agency to work properly because those
things are you know mutually inclusive
you want to have clean sport in the
country you have to have an agency which
make sure that the sport is clean so
this is what what it did you can call it
you know a credit of trust which was
given to the Russians you know guys we
can give you a chance to work and prove
yourself and we'll see whether that will
be the case but only that would be what
enable clean sports in the country and
that's what is thinking and also it's
important to know that one of the main
conditions from the International
Association of Athletics Federation to
reinstate the Russian athletes to allow
them back into sport was to have a
doping agency in the country working
properly and independently and this is
what's driving the wider decision today
that's the first stage is that now all
right Alexei thanks very much it's
complicated I'll store I've been running
on for so long as well isn't it all
right thanks now earlier I got some
thoughts and some legal thoughts on it
in the perspective from sports law at
Lucian Maloney who says it's a day to
celebrate for Russia after so much
effort to get back in compliance again
the reinstatement of rosada is is a
turning point in the in this whole story
and i think it will help the russian
athletes to get back to all kind of
championships and i think this is a day
to celebrate a lot of restructuring
within result has been made and and all
the points that were requested were were
Dom's I think this is what makes this
decision very important it shows that
there is a willingness to change things
and I think this is what what counts
you
