China it's called a Washington not to
politicize the media or put up barriers
to reporting and this comes after
reports that the Justice Department
could be planning to make some chinese
state media agencies register as foreign
agents Arty's been there before Beijing
also denied claims that it was
interfering in the upcoming US midterm
elections you do know they don't answer
anyone who is familiar with China's
diplomatic policy should know that China
pursues the principle and position of
not interfering other countries domestic
affairs
we don't want others to interfere in our
domestic politics and we will not
interfere in the domestic politics of
others so Washington reportedly wants to
enforce the foreign agents Registration
Act known as fara on to state-owned
Chinese media groups the Xinhua news
agency and also China Global Television
Network it's thought that the network
strong ties to the Chinese government
have fears over possible meddling in the
upcoming November midterm elections
we're behind Washington's potential
decision here we asked the US Justice
Department for reaction they have
refused to comment this said they're not
going to say anything about it to us
point-blank
now fara was created in 1938 to counter
covert influence by Nazi Germany back
then within the u.s. those required to
register as foreign agents have to
submit disclosure forms about their
activities on a US soil
they can also be stripped of their
congressional press credentials which
limits access to certain US officials
and how they could be reported on
welfare has grabbed headlines over the
past year as I was saying with two
Russian news agencies including this
channel RT are in America being forced
to register under the Act
China specialist Joseph Leung spoke to
me he believes his latest move will be
supported across the board in Washington
well the fears about interference of
course is some is taking on a different
dimension now with the November midterm
elections coming up and of course
accusation that a trauma administration
is colluding with with foreign powers in
the last election which led to it and
filled it in into the White House so I
think that this is also a bipartisan
concern
and we you're seeing that the schools
are tightening on inform access to
various other officials not only in the
media view but as I said in the
preparation for the coming election so
it's fine the determination is as the
oil course background to all this China
in the US are in the midst of a
tit-for-tat trade war at the moment
which shows no sign of slowing down
the US has recently announced duties of
200 billion dollars worth of Chinese
products well China has retaliated
against 60 billion in American goods we
got Joseph's lungs thoughts on that - he
says America's fears over the rise of
China on the international stage are
what's driving this confrontation right
now and of course China sees the current
trade war with the United States as not
just a trade war but a 360 degrees push
back by the United States against
China's rise as it were threatening
America's preeminence in many different
fields including for example in in the
field of media in the United States they
see the China's really threatening
American interests across the board in
terms of the eminence in terms of the
economic and geopolitical influence
you
