the leaders of North and South Korea
have hailed a new era in their country's
relations during talks significant
progress towards the demilitarization of
the peninsula was said to have been made
the genealogies of their we have signed
a military agreement to end the history
of tragic conflict and hostility that
has existed for decades we have also
promised to make the Korean Peninsula
the land of peace without nuclear
weapons and threats upon North Korea has
agreed to permanently dismantle the
Dantan REE missile engine test site and
launch pads in the presence of
international experts also North Korea
has agreed to take additional measures
such as the permanent dismantling of
young-young nuclear facility at the rack
corresponding measures from the u.s. go
through what we know the agreement
includes a roadmap for denuclearization
and a military cooperation pact North
and South Korea also plan to eliminate
quote war dangers from the peninsula and
to set up a peace zone on their shared
border the leaders pledged to connect
roads between the two countries and help
reunite families separated by the Korean
War in addition they also agreed to
pursue a joint bid to host the Summer
Olympic Games in 2032 Kim jong-un accept
an invitation to visit Seoul to
Donald Trump has already praised the
leaders for the successful talks
Christine hung from the Korea Policy
Institute talked us through some of the
progress that had already been made I
think that what's happening right now
is that the two Koreas are going to come
together to see what kind of room there
is for flexibility and maneuver you have
two parties that are absolutely willing
to negotiate historic you know
reconciliation between their country
their two countries and they have the
support of their peoples and the entire
world is aware of this Democratic desire
of the Korean People's is for peace and
so you know I think that this meeting
between the two leaders of the Korea
only further cements that message and
they will try to see what kind of room
for flexible maneuver there is
you
