authorities have charged the black woman
in Long Island New York for making up a
story about a trump related hate crime
adora Lewis told detectives that for
teenagers confronted her as she was
driving home
yelling Trump 2016 before stating that
she did not belong there Louis also
claimed that after parking in front of
her house she awoke the next morning to
find her car tires slashed and note with
the words go home police however found
Lewis fabricated the whole story and
even wrote the note herself there was
now awaits trial for making a punishable
false written statement it's not the
first such case of fake politically
linked allegations in the end of 2016 an
18 year old Muslim woman in Louisiana
admitted to police she lied when
claiming Trump supporters removed her
hijab and called her names political
commentator Steve melts berg believes
the US media are giving people a reason
to live by pushing an image of Trump as
a racist I think the woman is influenced
by by what she hears and sees in the
media the media portrays Donald Trump is
a racist a homophobe of Xena football a
bigoted Nazi and I think that when you
crave attention and you hear all these
things naturally you're going to get
attention and sympathy if you say oh you
know this is true look what happened to
me and by saying that for her Trump
supporters surrounded her told her to
get out and then slashed her tires the
next morning she had her 10 seconds or
15 minutes however you want to look at
it of attention it's a narrative driven
by the media that this is going to
happen to you if you're black and if
you're a minority and if you're Mexican
if you're an immigrant or if you're gay
this is you're going to be attacked
that's what the media and the left is
telling you and she just went with the
flow
you
