the US University of Maryland has issued
leaflets inviting white students to join
a group called white awake to discuss
race issues do you want to improve your
ability to relate to and connect with
people different from yourself do you
sometimes feel uncomfortable and
confused before during or after
interactions with racial and ethnic
minorities do you want to become a
better Ally this group offers a safe
space for white students to explore
their experiences questions reactions
and feelings now the campus Counseling
Center has now removed the Flyers
insisting they were misunderstood it's
also changed the group's name to anti
racism an ally building group people are
divided on the issue it's giving people
a place to express their opinions on
race and discuss important topics in a
safer environment in general when people
who are white discuss the topic it's
seen as inherently racist why not
children every identity group have their
space I'm sure it must have a positive
agenda and goal to be approved the way I
interpreted is that white people are
being victimized by interacting with us
from my understanding it's simply space
for white students to get woke and learn
to dismantle dangerous social
preconceptions they might have these are
uncomfortable conversations but
necessary of social progress the only
harm I see is it becoming a white
affinity group I will put the issue up
for debate with political activist
Anthony Rogers rights and social
commentator Anthony Brian Logan I think
that I'm not sure why white people would
need to feel safe on a college campus
first and foremost I don't think that
they are in any imminent danger and they
certainly aren't in any more danger than
say Muslim students certainly students
of color I think that as we heard from
some of the students the poor execution
of you know the name of the group having
to be changed from white awake is an
indication that they pretty much aren't
very educated on the issues of racism in
the first personally I don't see
anything wrong with having a group
there is one particular race or there
has one particular race in it sido you
can associate with whoever you want to
associate with you can have a white
group black group Asian group and all
these other groups exist there's never
any kind of problem nobody says anything
about the Latino organization on campus
the black organization on campus they
age and organization on campus but we
have a white organization all of a
sudden there's a problem either we have
none of these groups there are no or a
specific groups or we allow all of them
yeah two things I mean I think we have
to be clear in stating that first of all
people of color especially black people
can cannot be racist okay because racism
race racism is not something that you
can just turn on or turn off by color
anybody could be racist that's not true
you have to have power to be racist you
have to have power black people don't
have power most Latin X people don't
have power Native American people don't
have power now I won't deny that black
and brown people can be bigoted but that
is different from racism racism is
racial prejudice means power is that
according to WHO say today you have to
have powers to be racist I mean when did
that definition become the standard like
I've never seen that before I don't
think that like we can go by a
dictionary that was written mainly by
white people to for a standard
definition on an issue like racism as we
saw in the scene Malcolm X of Spike
Lee's movie when you look at that
dictionary and just look at the
definitions of white and black you can
already see implicit bias and and racial
prejudice right right just in those two
words alone in this particular group I
think that they were more on extreme
liberal side they're trying to actually
come together and help the so-called
people of color people just saw that
flyer and automatically got offended
without taking the time to really
understand what's going on that's why
they changed the name because they
didn't want anybody to just think
automatically or some kind of racist
hateful group they're really on the side
of the left I think this right here is
an example of the left eating their own
