in another extraordinary development in
the case of slain journalist Jim Alka
sake Saudi Arabia's foreign ministry
sees the I'd spoken columnist was
murdered by a rogue operation at its
consulate in Istanbul adding it was a
tremendous mistake he also said they did
not know the whereabouts of cash
Auggie's remains dividuals who did this
outside the scope of their authority
there obviously was a tremendous mistake
made and what compounded the mistake was
the attempt to try to cover up that
government these things unfortunately
happen we want to make sure that those
who are responsible are punished let's
timeline things a little bit here on
friday riyadh finally admitted that the
journalist died in a fist fight inside
the consulate he was last seen there
alive on the 2nd of october the saudi
response came after weeks of denials and
mounting international pressure the
Saudi King and Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman have both phoned Khashoggi son to
express their condolences well just
yesterday the Turkish president vowed to
reveal the truth behind the killing we
are looking for justice here and this
will be revealed in all its naked truth
not through some ordinary steps but in
all its naked truth autumn the UK France
Germany have issued a joint statement
condemning the killing calling for a
probe well the German Chancellor is also
among those urging further action to be
taken against really we are outraged by
this case we made that clear yesterday
secondly there is an urgent need for
details and those responsible are still
not being held accountable thirdly I
agree with all those who say that arms
experts which are already limited must
not take place in the current
circumstances and fourthly further
reactions should be internationally
coordinated I feel certain that the
crown prince was involved and that he
directed this and that's why I think we
cannot continue to have relations with
him I would cut off farm sales it's the
only thing the Saudis will listen to
find it very surprising that somebody
6,000 miles away can be certain about an
event that happens 6,000 miles away with
no access to information or intelligence
so this is a judgement call on the part
of Senator this is not based in fact we
see colleagues coming out of Germany
France and Britain condemning it in the
strongest terms Germany's wants us to
spend arm sales even even voices inside
the US president Trump's own Republican
Party are calling for sanctions and not
buying what the Saudis are selling
you
