significant breakthrough in the case of
a missing internet privacy activists are
in canvas a close associate of WikiLeaks
Julian such if you're watching this
program about nine days ago it's when
the story broke police have announced
that the man's belongings have been
found in the sea now off the Norwegian
coast the police in Northland was
notified by a local recreational Fisher
that he had found some belongings
floating in the sea near the shoreline
the belongings are confirmed by the
police to belong to the missing person
aryen campus so the location of these
items appears to be fairly close to the
town where I am campus was staying and
where he was last seen on the 20th of
August when he checked out of the hotel
there in the town of bodo he was a Dutch
citizen and he was in Norway on holiday
as I said and he was meant to leave the
hotel and take a train to another town
ten hours south of the town where he was
staying
in order to get a flight from there but
he never got on that flight and that's
when friends and family started getting
worried and started expressing their
concerns about his whereabouts there are
now Dutch investigators in Norway
helping with the investigation and I
think his disappearance is getting more
media attention because of his close
association to Julian Assange cam feeis
worked closely with WikiLeaks in the
past his online account said he was a
free software advocate that he was an IT
security adviser and he'd also written a
book about investigative journalism as
well he did media appearances as an IT
expert I think you'd see pictures of him
talking to RT on your screens as well
but still a total mystery really what
happened to him police say they're still
trying to work out if there was an
element of criminality involved they're
not sure about that yet but of course
the internet being the Internet
there's already wild speculation
especially from sort of WikiLeaks
supporters about what may have happened
to camp fear some at the moment pretty
baseless and wild theories perhaps that
he knew too
much that he may have been taken out by
some secret service for his links to
Julian Assange others say maybe this is
all a warning to Julian Assange some
speculation that maybe all this is just
a deep-cover assignment for WikiLeaks
but for now though police are still
combing that area of sea off the coast
of Norway trying to establish what
happened to him
you
