I would like to declare that our armed
forces have cleared the last pockets of
ISIL controlled areas and have now full
control of the Iraqi Syrian border by
God's help we have prevailed
I am proud to report that the coalition
to defeat Isis has liberated very close
to 100 percent of the territory just
recently held by these killers in Iraq
we've done a great job with Isis we have
just absolutely decimated Isis we've
essentially just absolutely obliterated
Isis in Iraq it all happened at the
checkpoint six or seven militants
ordered the men to get out of the car
the terrorists didn't ask for identity
cards or anything they opened fire on
them straight away and my son and
husband were lying on the ground before
I knew it the murderers told us they
were from the Islamic state in Iraq my
brother was killed after he was
kidnapped a fake checkpoint run by ISIL
terrorists
minutes later slight delay the
authorities failed to warn us that the
road was dangerous that there was an
ISIL Jack point there we were completely
unaware and to cap at all after the
terrorists killed my son husband
it took the security forces for hours to
get to the site and even after they did
they did invent too close to the car as
they feared it was booby-trapped ISIL
terrorists demanded the release of some
Sunni women held in Iraqi custody in
exchange for my brother and others but
the authorities abdicated all
responsibility for the negotiations and
I found myself having to do the talks on
my own current Iraqi leaders are
failures they keep making statements and
giving conferences but they are not
doing anything on the ground
what the one the solution ISIL has lost
everything they no longer have the
ability to control territories so what
they're doing now is an attempt to send
messages to the media trying to show
them they still exist by conducting
terrorist attacks against innocent
civilians those attempts are in fact
pathetic and a sign of desperation
you
you
