back now to our breaking news story
British prosecutors have named two
Russian nationals suspected of poisoning
former double agent Sergei to a pal and
his daughter Yulia we can now cross live
to our London correspondent Alice's dear
choking her for more on this development
Nastya good to see you what else has
been revealed at this point well Nicky
it's now been six months if you remember
that the former double agent Sergei's
crippled and his daughter Yulia were
said to have been poisoned in Salisbury
here in the UK creating a massive
diplomatic scandal and international
saga and here we are six months later in
the UK government has come out with
names of two Russian suspects these are
said to be a man called
Alexander Petrov and Ruslan bashira
these are both people to be said to be
of Russian nationality and so far these
are some of the details that we have
been hearing here in the UK about what
it is the officials say they know about
what unraveled now it's been said that
these two men reportedly arrived to
London Gatwick Airport on Friday March
2nd this is just a day before
Sergey scruples daughter Yulia arrived
in the UK she came here in March 3rd
just a day before the two were said to
have been poisoned in Solsbury now it's
being said here by officials that they
used the substance nor the chalk that
they used to poison Sergey scrapple by
putting it on his doorknob on his door
handle this is the version that we heard
previously that the Metropolitan Police
and police here in the UK have been
treating as the main one we do know that
UK officials have now charged these men
in absentia because they're now both
back in Russia on four counts including
attempted murder we also know that it's
being said here that these names that
are being announced were allegedly
aliases and that officials don't know
the real names of these men despite
these having been names that they had in
the passports that they were carrying
with them issued by the Russian
government the Metropolitan Police have
said that they have
photos of the perfume bottle that was
used to carry the novel chalk they say
it was Nina Ricci perfume bottle but
their understanding that is that it was
fake and officials here are saying that
that was the perfume bottle that the
police officer who ended up being
poisoned NIC Bailey ended up finding on
the day of the poisoning it's also being
said by officials that there's CCTV
footage of the two men being in and
around Salisbury and that there are
photos of them are leaving and footage
of them leaving Heathrow Airport after
the incident on an evening flight with
Russian airline company Aeroflot now we
have to understand that officials here
have clarified that they will not be
asking for any extradition requests from
Russia because according to them those
requests will not be met and this is the
information that we have on this so far
we do know that Teresa may the British
prime minister is set to speak shortly
in Parliament here in Westminster so
it's quite likely that will we be we
will be finding out more details about
what the British government has to say
on all of this
you
