this railway in Kenya this road and
hydropower station in Uganda have all
been built with Chinese money Beijing
has channeled 136 billion dollars into
the African continent over the last 17
years and there's more to come
China's president has pledged sixty
billion dollars in extra funding for
similar enterprises China and Africa
will join hands to build a China Africa
community with shared future that
features win-win cooperation happiness
for all and harmonious coexistence for
some African countries these are the
largest infrastructure projects in years
but some see something completely
different a debt trap vanity projects
new colonialism more of Africa finds
itself in China's debt China is saddling
the partner countries with crippling
debt saddling Africa with unsustainable
debt why the sudden concern well the
China Africa summit comes at a time of
fierce competition between Western
powers and Beijing Angela Merkel and
Teresa may have just finished their
tours of the consonance Merkel German
CEOs in tow was on a mission more
investment more jobs to discourage
migration the results Volkswagen
announcing expansions in operations in
Ghana and Nigeria Theresa May wasn't far
behind new trade deals direct government
investments and touting UK business -
and aside from trying to charm the
leaders with her viral dance skills may
even hinted who it is she's trying to
outbid on her Africa visit while we
cannot compete with the economic might
of some foreign governments investing in
Africa what we can offer is long-term
investment of the very highest quality
and breadth being the same as funds why
those provided by Western countries the
PI while those provided by China
the trap is this not a flagrant double
standard so Anna's bemusement is
understandable to investors two sets of
rules but what do African leaders make
of the new partnerships Africa is not a
zero-sum game our growing ties with
China do not come at anyone's expense
Foulke refutes the view that a new
colonialism is taking hold in Africa as
our detractors would have us believe
investment boosts market support
bolstered economic relationships those
words describe Western involvement in
Africa debt colonialism is the buzzword
when it's the Chinese it seems the
former colonizers are getting a bit
nervous and the reason why African
leaders don't see China as a new
colonizing power is that Beijing doesn't
bother with meddling in African politics
China in Africa has been a symbiotic
relationship
the Chinese are being quite savvy very
clever they made sure that they don't
interfere in African politics which has
been their trade all along they don't
involve themselves in any form of
political cycles it's purely what can we
give you what can we get out of it how
can we both mutually benefit outside of
what the political circles are with the
West it's a carrot and stick approach
you you either play ball we get the
financing usually a bad rates and I mean
in return they determine how well or how
fast your economy should grow they will
determine what opportunity should come
your way so the carrot and stick
approach with the West has used on
Africa has backfired Africans are saying
we would rather deal with China than the
West
you
