where do you get your news are you
watching this report on your television
set about - the video has been embedded
in an online news article or maybe
you're watching this is a YouTube video
survey after survey has shown that TV
news audiences are gradually eroding as
online news sources become more popular
in fact among young people aged 16 to 24
the Internet has become the most popular
source for news popular but unregulated
something which has got the UK's biggest
broadcasters more than a little
concerned rather unusually the Titans of
TV news here have got together and
written a joint letter calling on the
government to set up an independent
watchdog to regulate social media news
we do not think it realistic or
appropriate to expect internet and
social media companies to make all the
judgment calls about what content is and
is not acceptable without any
independent oversight there is an urgent
need for independent scrutiny of the
decisions taken and greater transparency
according to TV news bosses the issue is
about money - we invest significantly in
British infrastructure and content pay
high and fair levels of tax and we are
all regulated by Ofcom the message from
Team television is that it's just not
fair here they are playing by the rules
paying their fair share of tax and
subject to the strictest of broadcasting
codes from TV regulator Ofcom every
channel broadcasting in the UK is
subject to Ofcom rules RT included and
if any viewers complain about seeing
something distressing unbalanced or just
plain incorrect a TV channel can be
investigated and find the message from
Team TV is that the tech giant's need a
watchdog just like that
There is obviously a vested interest on
the part of many of these companies in
trying to protect themselves from this
form of competition they see is a very
unfair playing field these us social
media giants to a large extent avoided
any of the costs in tax terms in terms
of supporting infrastructure investment
in the UK much of which has been borne
by the very companies that are
signatories to this petition the head of
Ofcom has said that creating a clone
organization to oversee online news is a
good idea
we welcome emerging actions by the major
online players but consider that the
argument for independent regulatory
oversight of their activities has never
been stronger the proposals from the TV
bosses haven't come out of the blue the
government's promise to make Britain the
safest place in the world to be online
and by the end of the year is set to
unveil its future internet strategy now
seems like a good time to try to
influence it freedom of speech always
comes with caveats in the same way we
can all obviously participate in
discussions on the internet but there
are same level of legal disciplines and
caveats that apply there I don't think
it's ever been a completely free
playground but up until now this managed
to avoid regulation the question now is
whether it continued to employed
regulation there is growing pressure
from all sides for some form of
regulation the question is how this
would work and a lot of those questions
really haven't been answered yet
you
