rebel fighters from the Free Syrian Army
who opposed the government of Bashar
al-assad are preparing for battle in the
province of Idlib the last remaining
militants and terrorists stronghold in
Syria as as US President Donald Trump
urges Russia and Iran to call off
liberation efforts in the region parties
Daniel Hawkins joins me in the studio
with more on the situation there Daniel
thanks for coming in - it looks like the
rebels are preparing for war yeah it
certainly does it lives of course
controlled by whole patchwork of rebel
and terrorist group it's the last rebel
terror stronghold in Syria the other
areas have largely been liberated the
fighters in that area have made it clear
that they will fight that they will
repel any offensive by Damascus to
retake the area this is what they had to
say the home we're getting ready to
phase the violin Russian and Iranian
campaign hand-in-hand with our
Revolutionary brothers we're preparing
our people to be determined on the front
and to stand up to the offensive we are
preparing for any actions by the regime
we train with all types of weapons now
some of the rebels there are the
so-called moderate opposition which of
course have existed do exist protests
obviously began peacefully but the key
problem of course in Italy is the
driving force the main fighting force
there are Tahrir al-sham former jabhat
al-nusra this is an organization that is
Salafist they have committed many acts
of barbarism and I recognize the leaders
terrorists by both the US and Russia
something they can agree on of many
things they do disagree on they have
made it clear that there will be no
surrender no negotiation with Damascus
and anybody who negotiates lays down
their arms or even tries to leave will
be seen as traitors and will suffer the
consequences and stefan de Mistura
the UN negotiator has made clear this
group was not a minority in Italy there
are a large number of these foreign
fighters that are present in that
province it Lib
has another fact and we have to
recognize it and extremely high
concentration of foreign fighters the
estimates of the al-qaida are north or
whatever name they want to call
themselves is more or less around ten
thousand of them I would so many foreign
Salafist fighters in the area who are
refusing to to leave to surrender to
negotiate that does seem increasing like
a military solution to that specific
area is inevitable Damascus has been
pulling out forces there with other
forces presence of course as well
Turkish military advisors American
military advisors well in the region
it does seem increasingly likely that
shots will be fired so what's the me
from Washington when it comes to this
battle for Italy well I mean Trump has
tweeted recently he's warned Assad
against what he described as a reckless
attack on it'll if he's warned Russia
and Iran to stay away to stay clear or
not getting involved the Russian Foreign
Minister however has called on some sort
of cooperation here to separate those
terrorists from moderate armed
opposition is sorting here to see
President Bashar al Assad of Syria must
not recklessly attack ad lib province
the Russians and Iranians would be
making a grave humanitarian mistake to
take part in this potential human
tragedy hundreds of thousands of people
could be killed
don't let that happen tomorrow so we are
now doing all we can
along with our Turkish and Iranian
colleagues and the Syrian government to
separate the armed opposition from the
terrorists in the area to ensure the
civilian lives are spared in any
military operation we have had similar
calls from Moscow before and indeed
there have been agreements in other
parts of Syria where rebels and
terrorists have been separated and
terrorists in exchange for allowing
civilians to leave to lay down for them
to lay down their heavy weaponry have
been bused into Italy hence the
concentration of Salafist fighters in
that area every time no Washington has
been quite reluctant to do this this may
be down to a number of factors perhaps
because they're closely intertwined
through alliances military alliances on
the battlefield
Damascus claims a moderate opposition
doesn't even exist there is various
takes on why this has happened the
Syrian government has made it clear
they're going to retake Italy but
they're going to get rid of the
terrorists in that area describing it as
a tumor of growth that needs to be cut
out the terrorists have made it clear
there will be no talks with Damascus
they will die there they will die
fighting no negotiation at all now the
Iranian Foreign Minister has arrived in
Damascus to meet Syrian officials as
well the Russian reconciliation center
in Syria is involved in those talks as
well
they will lay the groundwork for the
next round of Syrian peace talks they'll
probably take place on Friday in Tehran
hopefully with some sort of solution as
to how to make a breakthrough and avoid
what could very sadly be a civilian
bloodbath indeed all hopes are on those
Friday talks thank you for those details
that's Daniel Hawkins well arty spoke
exclusively to the Syrian Foreign
Minister about the fight against your
hardest in his country has n Bimmer
there have been no secret meetings
because in that case a number of
questions arise what's the benefit for
us from such encounters is the
administration trustworthy does it
really stick to its obligations under
the concluded agreements absolutely not
the US administration has demonstrated
its blatant hostility towards Syria
since 2011 when the crisis began without
any encounters or contacts it is
provided to Javad al nusra with weapons
first of all the international community
should recognize that it Lib province is
Syrian territory and the Syrian
government must regain full control of
it secondly as President Assad said our
priority is to liberate aid Lib either
peacefully which we prefer or using the
military thirdly it is clear that jabhat
al-nusra is listed as a terrorist
organization by the United Nations on
this basis I can say that if military
action is considered necessary it would
be only to counter Chabad al-nusrah
those groups who are in favor
of a settlement deal should voice their
position and meet their commitments in
terms of reconciliation it's illegal no
one in Syria demanded such a presence
and the legitimate government in this
country has a staunch stance towards
such a presence it treats it as illegal
the US came to Syria to play a leading
role in the final decision-making and
that role doubtless is hostile towards
the interests of the Syrian people
that's why we call such a presence
illegal and we're fighting against such
a presence and as time goes by it's the
u.s. presence that's hindering conflict
resolution
you
