Sweden we're campaigning is ramping up
for the general election of this coming
Sunday the polls show the populist
movements are gaining traction propelled
by anti-immigrant sentiment reporting
from the coastal city of helsingborg in
southern Sweden here's Maria finocchiona
sweets will be a minority in our own
country within two or three decades even
if you stop all immigration now we will
become a minority
that's the demography journalist Ingrid
Karl Crist has been branded racist by
many she's calling for the borders to be
closed and all immigrants to be sent
away nowadays when people call me a
racist I say okay fine let's let's say
that I'm a racist can we now go on to
discuss the facts the fact is once one
of the most homogenous populations in
Europe almost a quarter of all Swedish
people today have a foreign background
and some parts of society really aren't
happy with that reality Sweden is not
Swedish anymore I mean this is totally
changed here used to be a small little
you know a shop where you could buy hot
dogs now it's sort of a kebab shop you
never find any Swedish hot dogs anymore
hey nice mascara no this beginng Glee's
it's just Arab here all the signs are in
Arabic
yeah it's all Arabic no no no no wrong
well Swedish will believe in Sweden
exactly like Swedish no don't don't
Robby I'm very sad that Sweden is not a
Swedish country anymore it makes me want
to cry
yuck I don't really nice my you feel
like crying crying just elimination vote
Street we don't talk about they become
so used to that all Swedes say oh we
love immigration we love all you are not
even come here and so they get really
you know they are not used to a sweep
saying what I say yeah that's why they
get Oh what while we continue to walk
with a camera more and more people come
up to us most of them to argue but some
to complain
so you see even immigrants think that we
are a meek country that we don't have a
good laws Abu Adam tells us he's been an
asylum seeker in Sweden for almost 15
years with no work permit and no ID so
how do you get your money when you get
letters and your money who who pays that
money migration yeah but who pays
migration Swedish taxpayers do you know
how much money how much we were I know
how much taxes we pay I don't understand
how this have been going on for 15 years
we did ask Swedish Migration Agency and
Immigration Minister and ministry of
justice and Social Democrats party
without getting any clear answer yet we
look up Abu Adam on the agency's website
twice he was denied Asylum in 2004 and
2011 his third application is currently
pending according to Swedish law an
asylum seeker can appeal against the
decision if their application is refused
today 50,000 immigrants remain in Sweden
illegally have two failed asylum cases
another 75,000 are still waiting on the
migration Board's decision including Abu
Adam for the third time in 14 years
today I have this ID I'm like dog really
no more I have Swedish ID I'm man until
tomorrow comes
Abu Adam holds a so-called LMA card very
fine him as an asylum seeker he can
legally stay in the country and receives
the equivalent of around 7 euros in
Swedish crowns every day and other
social benefits but he's banned from
studying or working here magnificent
give me a paper I don't need to take his
money it's 2200 is not money he's right
but give me a paper I job and I bet
taxed like her I help any man any
familiar it's not just refugees here
question the system's efficiency but the
locals and both sides of the political
spectrum people have a sensation of that
the societies
slowly deteriorating everything is going
the wrong way
you cannot ignore also the fact that we
have since nineteen eighties given
approval for two 3.3 million people from
other countries to live here and seven
percent of them have been refugees
according to the United Nations and the
rest have come here for for many other
reasons and this discontent breeds fear
and anger
welcome to migration and medicine don't
give him paper he need to do that is
example like hello wake up is it me I'm
not personal
as is it me boys I do what I can do to
make like problem for you because you
not give me paper Marie finish Nam RT
from Sweden of the governing Social
Democrats party is standing by its
policy of having a regulated immigration
policy they also stressed that if
reelected the party will continue to
work in accordance with the --use
refugee allocation strategy
you
