now that we're at rock bottom in terms
of relations between Russia and the u.s.
it's bad
now we pine for what they were back when
presidents could talk frankly joke
laughs heck even collude for elections
bill for my election campaign I only
need for Russia alone of 2.5 billion
dollars I'll check on this with the IMF
and with some of our friends and see
what can be done those were the days
when you could funnel billions to get
your pals reelected real friendship
right there Clinton even helped Yeltsin
with a heart operation their wives nine
a Yeltsin and Hillary Clinton visited
each other shopped together and
fortunately it wasn't a very equal
friendship 1996 the United States was
strong Russia was on its knees crime
corruption stagnation it seemed to get
the raw end of every deal it remains a
mistake for NATO to move eastward
nuclear and conventional arms cannot
move eastward into new members to the
borders of Russia I've told you no one
is talking about a massive all-out
accelerated expansion two years later
nearly a dozen European states were
invited to join NATO and Czech Republic
Hungary Poland Bulgaria Estonia Latvia
Lithuania Romania Slovakia Slovenia Oh
Yeltsin tried everything
he even begged let us have a verbal
gentlemen's agreement we would not write
it down in the statement that no former
Soviet republics would enter NATO I
cannot sign any agreement without such
language especially Ukraine consider
what a terrible message it would be were
still organized against Russia but
there's a line across which we won't go
pleading didn't work so Yeltsin tried
warnings Russia will pull out of the
agreement and consider it null and void
I know what a terrible problem this is
for you but I can't
make the specific commitment you're
asking for not even complaints could get
through you are conducting naval
maneuvers near Crimea it is as if we are
training people in Cuba how would you
feel it's unacceptable to us despite all
that they remained friends even joke
together three months of the
pre-election race has taken its toll I
feel somewhat tired I saw the picture of
you dancing with the girls in the band
and you looked wonderful I'm
disappointed that no one sets up events
like that for me in my campaign
they were Frank so Frank in fact that
their generals would get a little
nervous yeah they discussed ditching
their nuclear briefcases what if we were
to agree giving up having to have our
finger next to the button all the time
perhaps we could agree that it's not
necessary for us to carry the Chema Don
cheek well I'll have to think about this
all we carry of course are the codes in
the secure phone yes you and I are the
only leaders you have to do this mr.
president given the responsibilities of
your office and president Yeltsin's it
makes more sense for the two of you to
have these devices with you at all times
it was simpler in those days the world
was younger and no one knew what the
future held for example would the United
States pull out of Europe the u.s. is
not in Europe Europe should be the
business of Europeans Russia is half
European and half asian so you want a
sure - sure sure bill eventually we will
have to agree on all of this I don't
think the Europeans would like this very
much not all but I'm a European Moscow
is in Europe and I like it you can take
all the other states and provide
security to them I will take Europe and
provide them security well not I Russia
will bill I'm serious give Europe to
Europe itself Europe never felt as close
to Russia as it does now good days good
friends and then Yeltsin just upped and
left leaving behind a successor the
Clinton was sure he'd get along with
shortly you will have a meeting with mr.
Putin I would like to tell you about him
you will know what kind of man he is he
is a solid man who is kept well abreast
of various subjects under his purview
and he can easily have good relations
and contact with people who are his
partners who will win the election Putin
of course he's a Democrat and he knows
the West he's very smart he's tough he
has an internal ramrod and he will win
you'll do business together strange to
think that most of the issues problems
they discussed in those days are still
the main themes of today NATO expansion
and encroachment European security trade
and loans what's changed is that Russia
has grown up turns out it's much harder
being friends when you're more equal
you
