a modification of a Boeing 737 operated
by you tear it's a major Russian airline
mostly focusing on domestic flights well
it made two landing attempt here in the
airport of Sochi the first one was
apparently hampered by the strong winds
as you see it is all nice and sunny
right now but at night there was a
vicious thunderstorm here downpour of
rain and lightning bolts were going off
literally every few seconds so the
landing conditions were nowhere near
good or perfect in that sense on the
second attempt when the aircraft finally
did touch the landing strip that was
when things didn't go where they should
have to are basically the aircraft
rolled past the end of the runway the
pilots couldn't bring it to a stop one
they should have it plunged into a river
caught fire on one of the engines are
one of the wings the left wing is
reported to have been completely burnt
down now it is somewhat of a miracle I
should say that there were no casualties
when it comes to the people on board of
the plane there was one death though and
that is one of the airports workers
apparently the man was one of the first
responders on the scene of the crash and
he was trying to help people get out of
the burning plane and well the word is
his hearts just couldn't really take it
apparently he died of a heart attack on
site so what is happening now of course
the investigators are looking into what
caused the what caused the tragedy where
the tragedy was it the weather all was
their human factor involved - also the
Russian Transportation Authority will be
investigating and looking into how the
airline is operating and how the airport
here in Sochi is operating but so far of
course the most important thing is that
nobody on board of that plane died
you
