the store of the American leftist
movement Bernie Sanders is at war with
Amazon's the world's largest online
retailer accusing the company of not
treating its workers fairly it is
important to take a look at the power
and influence that Amazon has the answer
is that all over this country
Amazon employees are paid wages so low
that they are having a real hard time
getting by they are forced to depend
upon taxpayer-funded programs and you
know who pays for those programs you do
this isn't just empty rhetoric either
Sanders announced that he'd be
introducing legislation that would
require these big corporations to cover
all federal benefits their employees
receive from the government like food
stamps and public housing if they can't
pay them a living wage
he's also encouraging Amazon employees
to speak out one former employee claims
she was forced to work with an at one
time however Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos
presented himself as an employer who
truly cared about his employees in the
environment they were working in I'm
very proud of the culture that we have
at Amazon if you're giving great
customer experience there's the only way
to do that is with happy people and now
amazon has issued a response to Sanders
criticism something that doesn't happen
very often
urging employees to write to the senator
and prove him wrong senator Sanders
continues to make inaccurate and
misleading accusations against Amazon we
are encouraging all employees to take
senator Sanders up on his request and
respond with their actual experience
some did respond positively to the
Senators tweets but that didn't changed
his mind he called on Amazon to publish
info and the number of employees that
hires along with hourly wages and
benefits
amazon says it's median salary in the
u.s. is just over $34,000 around what
Jeff Bezos makes every 10 seconds now
imagine how much money he's made in the
time I've taken to report the story
Sameer Khan RT Washington DC
you
