Max Keiser this is the Kaiser report the
show that goes further hey Stacy hey you
know it's now like a week later after
Senator John McCain has passed away and
I think it's time now to review some of
the stories that were set in motion some
of the major macro economic events that
started from his time when he first came
to power back and you know after he was
a release from prisoner of war camp in
1973 from Vietnam up til today now when
he was first in office early in the 80s
we had the Keating five so I want to
remind people about that and how that
still has impact today because the
Keating five were five US senators
accused of corruption in 1989 igniting a
major political scandal as part of the
larger savings and loan crisis of the
late 1980s and early 1990s now Senator
John McCain was one of the five senators
he was the only Republican the others
were all Democrats Senator John McCain
was ultimately cleared but the fact is
that he apparently well he did meet with
a Federal Home Loan Bank board the fhlbb
in the night in 1987 to intervene on
behalf of Charles Keating who at that
time was the largest of the savings and
loans banks and was clearly very corrupt
and in fact had basically encouraged a
lot of his pensioner and older people
depositors that he had convinced them to
buy all these bonds and put these bonds
into the parent company of Lincoln
Savings and they lost hundreds of
millions ultimately but he went to his
very good friend Senator John McCain
went to him and he also by the way paid
for him to go on many vacations John
McCain and his wife and this guy Charles
Keating basically convinced them to go
talk to the regulators and get them off
their back so it was only until he he
successfully got them off their back for
two years and the bank then collapsed
two years later and to almost took down
the US economy in the global economy but
this is a sort of pattern
that we see around the world I know
Keating 5 and the savings and loan
crisis very well of course I was working
on Wall Street at the time and here's
the most amazing thing about the S&L
crisis of that period is that in
response to that crisis and this was
when people were gaming the system of
Federal Deposit Insurance to steal money
essentially the response by lawmakers
was to make that particular type of
crime that was illegal and over 1,500
people went to jail bankers went to jail
as a result of the inquiry that was
after the savings and loan crisis they
changed the law so that that type of law
breaking was made legal and it set the
stage for the 2008 subprime crisis
subprime crisis of 2008 was a repeat of
the savings and loan crisis people ask
how come nobody went to jail is because
after the savings and loan crisis from
the 1989 period the laws were changed to
make that particular type of fraud legal
essentially yes the Lincoln Savings and
Loan crisis was one of 747 SNL's that
collapsed it cost the in total it cost
160 point 1 billion dollars of that 124
point six billion was paid by the US
taxpayer and then the economy did go
into recession in 1990-91 but here's
another phrase another quote that could
be straight from what Donald Trump said
when he was just a candidate Trump
Keating was hit with a 1.1 billion
dollar fraud and racketeering action
filed against him by the regulators and
talking to reporters in April Keating
said quote one question among many
raised in recent weeks had to do with
whether my financial support in any way
influenced several political figures to
take up my cause I want to say in the
most forceful way I can I certainly hope
so
right another legacy of the S&L crisis
was the beginning of the American oleg
art class because remember the hundreds
of billions of dollars with a busted
banks those assets were put into the
Resolution Trust Corporation and then
held by the government over a period of
time is sold off sold off for pennies on
the dollar to the lie
people like Ron Perlman who got that all
tax-free and developed into you know
billionaire and others who fed at the
trough of the SML fraud became the
really the basis for the American
oligarch class that's still with us
today and plundering the economy john
mccain was cleared by a Senate
investigation of course many in the
media then said well can you really can
you have senators investigate themselves
there was all senators being tried most
of them were three of them dropped out
and no longer with senators after they
didn't run in the next election but john
mccain according to the article after
nineteen ninety nine the only member of
the Keating five remaining in the US
Senate was john mccain who had an easier
time gaining re-election in 1992 than he
anticipated he survived the political
scandal in part by becoming friendly
with the political press well he became
the bagman for wall street and he saw
the 2008 subprime crisis most famously
you saw the Enron collapse and john
mccain and his Republican cohorts like
the Bush family and others were very
cozy with Ken Lay who financed the Bush
campaigns and the Bush presidency and
when they got caught committing massive
fraud on the same scale as the savings
and loan crisis the machinery was
already in place thanks to John McCain
who's a bagman for Wall Street for
decades yeah to bail those guys out and
make them whole at the expense of the
democracy slash economy of the United
States which is disintegrating but again
I want to repeat that sentence because I
really think it's quite shocking because
it was quite shocking after his death
the uniform her like assessment by the
US corporate media that he was this
great hero and only a great hero and
can't say anything negative about it he
survived the political scandal in part
by becoming friendly with the political
press so he continued that all the way
for the next twenty thirty years where
he would have the press come to his
house and he was a good guy he makes
great hotdogs he has a great barbecue
how can you possibly think anything
negative about him we see the same thing
on the financial corporate media here
they're good friends with jamie dimon
they're good friends with lloyd
blankfein
how can you be hard on these guys
because they're good guys they invite
you out to their home in the Hamptons
they are so charming they're great hosts
how can you possibly really go too hard
on them like John McCain you shouldn't
have done that and you could see that in
the interviews that Charles that Chris
Hayes gives for Eric Holder versus our
interview with Eric Holder Eric Holder
was just recently interviewed on Chris
Hayes a show and it was a softball
question after softball question he
tried to do one or two little hard
questions but quickly backed off when
Eric Holder didn't give him a great
answer all you need to know about John
McCain is that Warren Beatty was a
pallbearer okay so here's a guy who is
friendly with the press who's a media
bore another word that starts at w John
McCain who at his own funeral is playing
Hollywood games by having Warren Beatty
as a pallbearer I mean I would have
loved to have been the call to warn from
his agent like Warren we got a job for
you apparently there they were very very
old friends they were good friends but
I'm sure the other interesting thing was
that John McCain's lawyer at the time
was John Dowd who then became Trump's
lawyer they're all actually there were a
few people that were involved back then
and SNL Christ is getting all these
senators and everybody absolved the
powerful people who did not go to prison
at that time they had these lawyers that
are still in power now but also the
other legacy of John McCain is he was he
was a war hawk despite what the media
might have said they call it hero
heroism and a great Patriot but many
people in the world might consider a war
Hawk ISM so I want to see like it does
work obviously America is very powerful
they have a huge army and our dollar
since 1973 by the way when the you know
John McCain returned to America from a
prisoner war camp which was a horriffic
experience and he was horribly tortured
but he returned in March of 1973 right
about the time that the basically we had
the petrodollar beginning of the
petrodollar so we after 40 years we've
had a lot of hubris and a lot of war
hawks and neo
Conn's demand that we use that as a
weapon so the dollar has been weaponized
and it's the likes of John McCain and
all the neo-cons around him that we lead
to this headline here from CNBC the anti
dollar awakening could be ruder and
sooner than most economists predict the
United States is currently waging
economic warfare against one tenth of
the world's countries with cumulative
population of nearly two billion people
and combined gross domestic product of
more than fifteen trillion dollars
these include Russia Iran Venezuela Cuba
Sedan Zimbabwe Myanmar the Democratic
Republic of Congo North Korea and others
on which Washington has imposed
sanctions over the years but also
countries like China Pakistan and Turkey
which are not under full sanctions but
rather targets of other punitive
economic measures right the dollar is an
instrument of war it's a been weaponized
and weaponized and the empire that is
the u.s. is expanded and controlled
through the you world's dependence on
dollars to survive and that's the
post-world War two order that's the the
legacy the Bretton Woods Agreement and
this is what countries are now fighting
to to get out of this constraint out of
this choke hold of the dollar but it's a
classic set up but first they came for
the Communists and I didn't say anything
because blah blah blah so here they
first they came for Cuba and I didn't
say anything because I wasn't a
communist
our country wasn't a communist then they
came for Venezuela then they came for
Iran and then they're starting to use
that weapon that power that hubris the
Emperor the Empire gets less and less
happy that you might betray them in any
way so this is what we're at the point
now where you know the US has decided
again to impose sanctions on Iran and
Europe you better abide or or we're
gonna sanction you it's like you know
those big icebergs that break away from
the Arctic or the Antarctic you know and
they float away it's like the rest of
the world is breaking away from the US
dollar it's been frozen under the yoke
of US dollars
and now it's breaking up we're going
into and I have coined this phrase neo
mercantilism you know I was the first to
call this and anyone just like I was the
first to mention Bitcoin in 2011 I'm the
first to mention neo mercantilism in
2017 and 2018 we're going back to 19th
century global economies again so I want
to say that this is the sort of neocon
hubristic sort of what is called
patriotism by some after John McCain's
death and all the obituaries for him but
some could say it's called imperialism
from the outside they might see it as
very aggressive and neocon like and and
are we here in Kaiser report have warned
of this but this is CNBC saying it and
we've never even put that into context
of just how much of the world economy is
under sanctions by the u.s. because from
a u.s. perspective each one of the
economic entities is targeted for a good
reason
via human rights violations terrorism
crime nuclear trade corruption or in the
case of China unfair trade practices and
intellectual property theft but a recent
months it seems that America's
unwavering commitment to fight all of
the world's scourges has brought all of
those governments and the wealthy
individuals who support them to a
critical mass joining forces to create a
parallel financial system which would be
out of reach of America's long arm
should they succeed the impact on
America's global posture would be
transformational absolutely and this is
what they're on the cusp of a post US
dollar hegemony world and this is in
transition right now and this is makes
these the very exciting days that's what
I'm saying is like John McCain yes he
was a patriot as great Patriot and fight
fight yeah we're exercising our power
but you can only exercise your power
responsibly otherwise it comes back John
McCain lit the fuse yeah on the death of
the dollar yes and now his passing is
Cohen simple with the dollars passing
essentially in the same 24 month period
John McCain and the US dollar will both
die okay so you can only exercise that
power once or twice our guest Jim
Rickards has said this as soon as they
sanctioned people and cut them off Swift
that us had the oath
authority to do that and as soon as they
pulled the trigger they set in motion an
alternative to it because as soon as you
do that you have to have an alternative
boom
all right take a break don't go away
we'll be right back
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to turn to Alistair
McLeod oh gold money.com full disclosure
max Estacio and shares and gold money
Alistair welcome back to the Kaiser
report hello max all right so let's talk
about Trump the markets are responding
incredibly well moving up new all-time
highs it's gonna melt up is there what's
going on here we're gonna see a meltdown
what's your what are your thoughts
Alistair it looks like a bit of a melt
up ready
I'm also interesting in this max is that
everybody's been so bearish about
everything ever since the Lehman crisis
they're still trying to talk the market
down and you know the market goes up and
up and up I mean this to me is as
irrational as the run in the US stock
market between 1928 and 1929 but he
won't stop it going up in my view
alright let's talk a little bit about
the difference between stocks and bonds
here for a second because interest rates
are going up and as a result bonds are
going down and however in that kind of
environment you usually see stocks also
go down is it how much is driven by the
stock buybacks Alistair I mean you've
got like the Swiss National Bank buying
Apple stock you've got Apple buying its
own stock you've got all these major
corporations buying back to their own
stock adjust it for all these stock
buyback stocks are trading at 30 35
times earnings which would be all-time
highs it's not a big factor well I think
we almost ignored that I mean the fact
is there is so much money around I mean
so much money was printed in the wake of
the Lehman crisis not only in America
but also in Japan also in Europe that
you've got all this cash running around
I mean you've got so much money on
deposit it's got to try and find a home
to get some sort of return and quite
honestly if you've got a yield of say
0.1% on a 10-year German bond then you
know US Treasuries look attractive
compared to that a little bit of a
digression here so just so folks know
injury
of course they have negative interest
rates and now the big German banks are
starting to charge customers fees for
holding their cash as a way to offset
what they're being charged by the
central bank so negative interest rates
are now hitting deposit accounts I would
think this would be an excellent
environment for gold
Alistair McCloud now let's talk about
gold for a second 90,000 contracts are
Short's gold future shorts over 90,000
contracts put this into context for us
and what does it mean well if you
bullish about the dollar and I would
argue that everybody nearly everybody is
been buying the dollar recently then you
sell everything including your own
grandmother in order to buy it and
that's basically what they've been doing
they've been selling copper they've been
selling currencies they've been selling
gold they've been selling silver and
literally everything they can possibly
find a sell they sell in order to buy
dollars and that is why the gold price
has gone down and as you say the net
short position amongst the hedge funds
is an unprecedented 90,000 contracts we
have never seen anything like this
before so you know will it correct of
course it will because as soon as the
dollar stops going up and gold stops
going down you then get a bask wheeze
and already we have seen a bounce in the
price of gold from around about eleven
sixty currently is training about twelve
ten so you know we're getting this
technical squeeze and I think that that
squeeze can only get far more vicious
against the Bears right you know you've
got same situation and silver and total
global output of silver or something
like 750 million ounces and yet the
short position with naked shorts these
are uncollateralized short positions
just printed by Wall Street to make free
money is in excess of a billion you've
got actually more short contracts than
the annual production of silver very
similar in gold you've got more short in
the market then there are actually being
ounces produced by the world on an
annual basis
that's not economics now sir what do you
call that I mean I mean one word would
be fraud
is it just pure fraud or is there any
any economic or financial justification
at all this is there's no economic no
financial justification it's just crazy
I mean that's the only word I could use
people are so bullish about the dollar
and that's that's what's driving it
sooner or later that's going to reverse
because there is actually no real reason
to be bullish about the dollar other
than perhaps there's a better yield
available on US Treasuries than there
are against the equivalent so-called
riskless investments in other currencies
such as Japanese baht government bonds
and German government bonds but that's
about the only thing I mean we've got a
trade deficit which is running at around
about seven or eight hundred billion
dollars a year other currencies like the
yen and the major cars is like the yen
and the euro there they've got trade
surpluses so the run of play Ashley is
going against the dollar and I suspect a
little later on once these trade tariffs
start to affect prices in America
the feds gonna have a huge great problem
because can it really raise race to deal
with a rising race of price inflation
driven in part by tariffs and I think
they've got a real problem coming up on
this and it's likely to be destabilizing
I think rather than enhancing in terms
of the dollar we're talking about trade
a second but just ticking on this dollar
idea for a moment so with these naked
shorts and shorting in the marketplace
and outright what I would consider to be
fraud you have a situation where
investors come to a fork in the road and
they can choose to go down the path of
buying dollars or they can choose to buy
gold but they're at the gate of the gold
road is a naked short gun pointed to
their skull and it ready to blow their
brains out this is not symmetric market
making this is not price discovery this
is ridiculous
right they're there they're not buying
dollars because they're crazy they're
buying dollars because the path to gold
is being guarded by the equivalent of a
man with
a gun as Paul Krugman likes to say when
describing American style I capitalism
he says it's basically just men with
guns
thank you Paul Krugman now let's move
over to the yield curve so we hear about
a flattening yield curve and we'll talk
about trade a second but I wanted to
talk about the yield curve what does
this indicate Allister should anyone be
worried well under normal circumstances
a flat new curve
normally would indicate that there's a
recession in the offing or a very at
least very strong chance of a recession
in the offing but we've never seen this
situation before I mean the idea that in
flat yield curve leads into a recession
basically comes about because nobody is
borrowing money with long maturities
simply because you know let's say the
the economy is no longer following
through whatever whatever but this time
rebound is not quite laugh at the US
economy thing just concentrate on that
is actually going like a train as Powell
is right on this the problem really is
there's just so much money around the
idea that you can compare a situation
where there is a limited quantity of
capital in the system with a situation
where there is over 100 percent of
deposit money in existence in America
compared with the private sector GDP I
mean there's more dollars than PDP in
the private sector this is a this is an
unprecedented situation and I don't
think that you can really look at
indicators such as the statements of the
yield curve as has been reliable as
being a reliable indicator of what's
going on but what we do know in the
American economy is that skill shortages
are beginning to impact the labor market
anybody who's employable in America
basically is you know can get a job so
the economy is I think in a pretty
advanced stage of its credit cycle I
don't think we can really I mean to keep
talking about all this money sloshing
around the system and the fact that we
have failure of price discovery at the
same time you can't really call that
money money historically
is a store of value or a means of
exchange but we're talking about fiat
money by the central bank that's used
for political favoritism and for
political outcomes that's not money
those are coupons that are printed by a
centralised autocracy to further their
power structure but it's not quote money
as we understand that term and
everything you're saying it kind of
buttresses that point the flattening
yield curve is an economic indicator
that would help you determine Oh our
bonds expensive or are they cheap or is
the market but again we're not talking
about money are we we're talking at
about a private coupon issued by a
kleptocracy for the benefit of a
plutocracy at the detriment of a
democracy and the åland result is a lot
of more polysyllabic words strung
together and freaking awesome sentence
I'm gonna have to repeat that in the
replay
all right so CNBC is worrying that the
anti dollar awakening could be ruder and
sooner than most economists predict in
other words the world's not fooled by
this funny coupon money that's not
really money and the world is rejecting
the dollar do you think that the
increasing deployment of sanctions
embargoes and cutting off nations from
Swift
we're results in total rejection of the
dollar and a new financial order
Alistair
well in time I think yes because really
you don't weaponize the currency and
deploys in that fashion
likely if you do that basically you just
spread mistrust and we're seeing this
with the Russians who got rid of
virtually all their Treasuries well not
quite all but they've reduced it to a
pretty low level and guess what they've
been buying instead they're being buying
gold I think that they've actually got
the right idea and Isis I suspect as the
dollar gets into trouble the Russian if
you like the rating for the Russian
economy is likely to improve quite
significantly I think they know what
they're doing it does make sense I mean
precisely as you say max to pay the
money that's around
is just that it's just paper is just
currency it's it does not retain his
value and therefore in the long run it's
no use I mean people just don't seem to
understand that ever since the Nixon
crisis which or they when the ended that
they ended the Bretton Woods arrangement
the dollar against gold has lost ninety
seven and a half percent of this
purchasing power now that means there's
literally only two and a half percent of
a 1971 dollar left measured in gold and
I wouldn't say in the moment the gold
was that expensive so we're not exactly
taking him you know it's the worst
moment to value the dollar
all right I'll sir we're gonna have to
hold you over for a second second to
pick your brain some more if that's okay
that's my pleasure and that's gonna do
it for this edition of the kinds of
report with me Max Keiser and Stacy
Herbert like to thank our extra-special
guests from old Blighty Alice from a
cloud of gold money if you want to catch
us on Twitter
it's Kaiser report until next time bye
