German prison guard has turned himself
in after admitting he leaked an arrest
warrant for a migrants who was a key
suspect in a murder the case has turned
the city of chemnitz into chaos as
opposing rallies come out in force over
the general refugee crisis in Germany
right now now the officer says he wanted
to end all speculation concerning Sunday
stabbing it was clear to me that I was
violating my official duties and I also
knew that I would probably lose my job
as a result I want the public to know
what has happened
I want the speculation about a possible
crime to come to an end following the
stabbing incident police arrested a 22
year old Iraqi man and a 23 year old
Syrian both were charged with
manslaughter artis Europe correspondent
Peter Oliver has the latest on the case
who this prison guard is he's been
suspended from his job after admitting
that it was him that that leaked the the
photograph of those arrests warrants
he's a 39 year old man who is working at
the Corrections Facility in Dresden he
says he didn't know that it was illegal
for him to share these documents to leak
these documents but he may well face
criminal charges for doing so we heard a
little bit of this statement that's
being put out this is through his
lawyers this is the the only way he says
he's going to be communicating from here
on out he said he didn't he did it
because he didn't want the media to
speculate on details as to who the
arrested were he went on to accuse the
press of having manipulated the facts in
the past to put across a narrative that
they wanted to see every day as a prison
officer I am the focus of what has
happened in our country from a few years
ago in this intensity and manner
nevertheless everyday I see that most
people are lied to about the changes in
our country or do not want to accept the
truth however at least regarding the
manslaughter or murder in Chen Mnet's I
did not want to be a part of this silent
crowd anymore but in response to that
statement that was put out we've also
heard from the Justice Minister of
Saxony who said that in doing this it
was irresponsible it was serious and it
could well have impacted upon the
investigation itself we cannot tolerate
a public
who does such a thing in any way and we
will take strict action we've also been
getting some more information or
certainly information that's been doing
the rounds in the press here in Germany
about one of those suspects the 22 year
old Iraqi who's in custody we came here
from Iraq through Bulgaria in 2015
that's right at the height of the the
migrant influx and refugee influx into
Germany he actually should have been
deported back to Bulgaria however that
deportation notice wasn't carried out
but what we're hearing in the press is
that he was very well known to police in
fact reports saying that he had several
drug charges against him also reporting
saying that from those who lived with
him in refugee home saying he always
carried a knife with him and but it was
the stabbing to death of an 35 year old
man that those two men were arrested for
he was stabbed to death in the early
hours of Sunday morning here in Chemnitz
that resulted in well marauding
right-wing crowd on Sunday
what we are getting ready for is a
bigger demonstration it's expected well
we'll take place on Saturday afternoon
here in Chemnitz I will be here in
amongst those crowds were expecting a
large crowd from the right also a large
counter demo from the left and a very
large presence from the police they're
being drafted in from all across the
local area and even further afield as
well as they try to make sure that there
isn't a repeat of the scenes that we saw
her on Monday night and those clashes
between left and right
you
