normal Trump's threatening to pull the
United States out of the World Trade
Organization
he told Bloomberg TV that the u.s. might
leave the organization if it doesn't
shape up now Trump sowed the seeds of
this threat months ago WTO streeted the
United States very badly and I hope they
changed their ways they have been
treating us very badly for many many
years and that's why we were at a big
disadvantage with the WTO and we're not
planning anything now but if they don't
treat us properly we will be doing
something of course Trump's not shied
away from quitting global agreements or
institutions since he took office he's
pulled the United States out of the Iran
nuclear deal the UN Human Rights Council
and the cultural agency UNESCO as well
as the Paris climate Accord we got the
thoughts of investigative journalist
David Lin Dorf and former British
politician George Galloway Donald Trump
is a bull in a china shop and he's
knocking over all kinds of institutions
this is just the latest china shop that
he's lumbered around in he did the same
with NATO he did the same with the
European Union he's done the same with
the Paris climate arrangements done the
same with the Iran nuclear deal and so
on so is the great disrupter it would
have an enormous Lee negative impact on
the US economy I mean the US it's a huge
trading country I think you would find
in countries becoming skeptical about
about any further dealings with the US
including you know some of the u.s.
largest partners Germany France Britain
you know the European countries in
general and Asia
I think it would be a hugely damaging to
the US relations with its trading
partners
you
