president de France has described sort
of his own citizens as being stuck in
the past and backwards many of micron
said so-called French goals preventing
positive change while praising the
Danish economic model on a visit to
Copenhagen
these Lutheran people who have lived
through the transformations of recent
years are not exactly ghouls who are
resistant to change
well those comments by President Matt
Guan have not gone down well here in
France with opposition politicians from
across the political spectrum telling
him exactly what they thought saying
that he was showing contempt for the
French people and they took to Twitter
to show their angry reaction as usual he
despises the French from abroad the
goals will be happy to respond to his
arrogance and contempt the contempt for
macron for the French is unbearable and
reveals his disconnect with the people
of France we are in 2018 ad there are
many unyielding Gauls who are attached
to social progress who still fight
against regression it is inadmissible to
hear the President of the Republic
caricature and despise the French from
abroad well many French everyday
citizens also felt the hunt from those
comments from President Mac on unhappy
that yet again while he's abroad he's
chosen a venue outside Florence to
criticize what he sees as being the
French resistance to his reforms but
what many people thought as being a jibe
or contempt for the French people that's
not how President magcon saw it in a
press conference on Thursday he defended
his comments saying that he told the
truth and he said that while people in
France don't like permanent adjustments
we are a country when in serious moments
of our history we can be transformed
well president macron had been praising
in Denmark the Danish system which means
that it's easier to fire people from a
job and it also means people that quit
their jobs can have social security as a
bit of a buoyancy aid and those are
things that he says that he wants to
emulate here in France with his reforms
reforms which over the last year and a
half have seen
resistance over and over with many
protests of people coming out to the
streets to say they don't want macrons
reforms to proceed
yet again president Matt Guan has
provoked fierce reaction with his
comments at home while he's made them
abroad and many people just can't simply
believe the gall of the president
you
