and the final stage is when they carry
out rocket and missile attacks against
Syrian soldiers and against Syrian
facilities so again this will be
orchestrated and this will be staged by
mass media I will add details about that
later
they don't make up any new details they
just use all the old
apep patterns that have been used before
so the russian servicemen confirmed that
information and the information was
voiced at the briefing of the Russian
Defense Ministry on the 27th of August
we're seriously concerned by the
situation and we share these concerns
with the mass media and the civil
activists because this scenario might
probably be used this will be a serious
blow against the situation in Syria and
the global secure and the consequences
are not predictable
because it might have serious
consequences upon the Russian initiative
the situation was discussed at the
meeting of the UN Security Council on
the 28th of August and member and
participants of the discussion had
different views on that but at this
critical juncture we need consensus well
at least we need to show an attempt to
hear each other we would like to
strengthen again that Russia will not
tolerate any any use of chemical agents
as well as any attempt to
use this situation to serve the
interests of those who like to issue
preposterous accusations against the
Syrian government and Syrian soldiers
chemical arsenal will destroy saan
destroyed under the international
control in 2014 and 2015 during their
unique operation with the involvement of
the United States and I'm not saying
that such a step would be an example of
frenzy where it's difficult to suspect
the Syrian government is we need only to
make one conclusion the West does not
like the policy provided by the UN
Security Council resolution 2254 to
settle the situation in Syria and they
try to change the vector of events in in
a direction that would please Washington
and their allies it also explains the
reaction showed by Western capitals to
the Russian YCJA tip to provide their
assistance in the return of Syrian
refugees it seems that this
communitarian project could have unified
the international community where the
United Nations and its specialized
agencies could be actively involved
particularly the office of the High
Commissioner in refugees but it's not
true this initiative was designed to
help millions of people to ensure the
decent and safe return to Syria instead
of us taking in other countries without
normal accommodation and work but but it
wasn't country see that this it's too
soon to launch this initiative and
therefore there
all the measures are taken to change and
to oust the undesirable regime of Bashar
al-assad we have received a social poll
which show the officials of the United
Nations use in one of the Middle Eastern
countries and the uses social poll and
ask questions to the Syrian refugees
they are working with the Syrian
refugees who wanted to return to Syria
so these are people who show their will
to return to their country to their
motherland so instead of making
practical steps to ensure they return
these people are asked the following
questions what do you feel about the
return to Syria are you concerned about
that are you anxious about that can you
imagine the cynicism people had to flee
their country people had to flee the
country because of the actions carried
out by terrorists and fighters and now
they wanted to return their country and
the question was asked what do you feel
about the return to your country the
next question is do you understand that
security situation in Syria is not
stable the third question are you aware
of the fact that you're going to be a
draftee witnesses say that spouses are
questioned separately which increases
the psychological pressure against
I need to highlight listen they are not
questioning Pfizer's it's not
questioning this just a questions asked
by the u n-- officials russia acts in
the interest of peace in Syria we don't
have any hidden agenda in this country
we will continue to follow our policy
for the benefit of the Syrian people and
to preserve Syria as a sovereign united
state regardless of the fact how many
like-minded partners we're going to meet
on our path we would like to say that we
need to act together in the region
because it will influence the situation
in the world in order to so that we
wouldn't hear any statements about the
fact that they didn't know about the
situation that happened in Syria we
wanted to see the decisive first steps
made by our partners in order to address
the problems like terrorism and refugees
I cannot ignore the fact that on the
28th of August the United States
particularly Pentagon tried to refute
the statement of the Russian Defense
Ministry on the increased number of
cruise missiles carriers in Middle East
it's true that the American destroyer
rose armed with 28 tomahawks previously
entered the zone of the application of
missiles in the Syrian territory as for
another American shape of the same class
cellphones
against the background of
Media statements on the fact that the
United States continued their
capacity-building efforts to hit their
targets in Syria this shape has left the
part of the Persian Gulf from where he
could it could hit targets in Syria but
thing is that that the United States can
carry out capacity-building activities
for the missile potential to hit targets
in several days at the at the moment the
missile group of the United States
France and Great Britain includes
aircrafts of strategic and tactical
additions which are deployed on the
military bases in Jordan Kuwait and and
Crete it includes the 70 carriers nearly
three hundred and eighty cruise missiles
air based cruise missiles and two
American destroyers Carney and ROS which
have 28 tomahawks on its board as for so
if we are talking about not special you
know if I talk about simply about that
the aggression against the sovereign
state of Syria can be shown with the use
of sea based cruise missiles of 112 to
mohawks the general of the Russian army
garrison talked with the head of the
Joint Staff General Joseph Dunford his
American colleague said that
pentagons might be used to heal the
targets in Syria and other participants
of the International Coalition in Syria
might be involved in this process they
want to carry out missile attacks in
Syria regarding the situation with the
use of chemical weapons in mid Lib the
Russian soldiers informed the general
Dunford that that there is no Sun sense
to talk about the use of chemical
weapons by the Syrian military because
the the Syrian leadership doesn't have
any plans about the use of chemical
weapons there it's necessary to mention
that according to our information on the
23rd and 24th of August in the II
believed escalation zone particularly in
Jesus sugar 8 barrels was chlorine and a
munitions for multiple rocket launchers
were shipped and this multiple rocket
launchers will be equipped with chlorine
and why helmets also appeared there they
had all the necessary equipment to make
footage of the use of chemical weapons
so again we are talking about another
provocation that is being prepared we
also received information from the
Russian reconciliation center that and
the warehouse in sera Kiev lib Provence
oils and lubricants were shipped and
also the representatives of wild helm
has provided a large bulk of chemical
agents
in order to expand the scale of their
stage to action so to continue to issue
their acquisitions against Bashar
al-assad and the use of chemical weapons
against civilians the part of this cargo
in plastic bottles was shipped to other
places where fighters were deployed
particularly in the thousand area of the
evilly province so we see that they are
actively preparing for they staged use
of chemical weapons in the evil abroad
escalation zone so that the United
States could further carry out missile
attacks against governmental facilities
that's what we've been talking about all
this time I would like to strengthen
that by doing so the United States are
going to hamper all the measures to
achieve the political solution to the
crisis in Syria at the same time the
situation with the refugee camp Rubin is
still not addressed the rigged bond is
located in the air tunnel controlled by
the United States we discussed this
situation was discussed in the military
consultations and general Dunford
offered the transfer of refugee camp
rogue bond under the ages of the United
Nations and he offered the Russian
general Gerizim of to coordinate this
issue with the Syrian government to his
opinion it would be practical to submit
this idea together to the United Nations
he also made the request
to provide the humanitarian assistance
to Raghavan camp as soon as possible the
Russian defence ministry supported this
idea so at the moment they implement
this request and they make efforts on
this track inference on the proper I'd
like to discuss some expert of aspects
of propaganda that related to the events
that I've mentioned another example of
the cynical but not innovative approach
of our colleagues to propaganda in
regarding Syria about a month ago
project and with an image of a child and
there are many projects and why should
it be so interesting you will find out
now so it's about Syrian girl Halle and
the project says that she's six years
old where does she live where could she
live she lives in meetings with friends
and it is a usual practice for children
staying in the zones controlled by the
terrorists you know the Syrians of
military activities they officially meet
their friends six year old girl people
who have children they understand that
do not really they do not go to school
they just publish these materials in
Twitter
she also publishes the information that
she's learning English how could she
contact the outside world without
English you know but most importantly
that she reaches the world take a close
look at a lip to stop delivering strikes
against this region she has many
subscribers it's very interesting that
among the three hundred fifty
subscribers of hala are BBC Huffington
Post BuzzFeed and radio svoboda so much
attention is given to this child
we spreading propaganda so this is the
way one should work this is the thing
that real propaganda is about five major
news outlets subscribed to this account
not everyone can boast by having such a
major public subscribed to his account
so this stories such stories have been
used by our West country's partners and
also draw your attention to another
account of girl in Italy and the
publication's were in English and
you were about 120 tweets a day from
regions where there was no electricity
no electric supply no connection to the
world how is it possible how is it
possible to connect with this kind of
propaganda
so these baton is followed by girl holla
she has not many publications but they
are similar to those published by that I
mentioned and the topics are almost the
same we're not surprised to see that
this account will be central account for
this staging of new attacks is realized
and is implemented and we can suppose
that through this account the images of
the use of governmental forces chemical
weapons by governmental forces would be
conveyed to the world and you remember
the girl and the boy in Syria blaming
our acid in depriving him of his
childhood it's very bad that it's
happening regularly and now on from the
Western media has investigated this
cases
because the sufferings of children being
cannot be accepted but even more
unacceptable is the exploitation of the
children for obtaining some political
objectives and millions of children
suffered because of the war and we
should help with his children to forget
about what they had to undergo and but
we should not use provocations but this
happens and to students children are
used in such cases and she interested
who are publishing these materials on
these accounts and you interested that
you are used you have taken advantage of
by such facts and we would like
sufferings of Syrian children to stop
and I feeling pride when I was speaking
about this that Russia is trying to
tackle this situation in Syria that is
trying to restore this state we are not
creating fake accounts with images of
published by children yesterday Ministry
of Defence delivered and transported
seven-year-old boy who suffers cancer
disease and we will be undergoing
rehabilitation he is looking very sad he
is and not publishing any material his
account and he is not conveying any
message to the international community
just wants to survive and how
country and our specialists do their
best to provide him with this
opportunity and there are many such
examples children coming to Russia they
are undergoing treatment they having
rest and they are living the childhood
which they were deprived by our Western
countries they are coming to summer
cancer to rehabilitation centers and our
doctors are helping them because they do
not have these Twitter accounts but they
have hope and faith in their future
normal life another topic in the context
of a serious settlement we took note of
the annual report of the Technical
Secretariat of the OPCW in the context
of the chemical weapons program confirms
the elimination of 27 former Syrian
facilities on the production of chemical
weapons and also all the chemical
substances announced and exported in
2014 and the Technical Secretariat also
in films on the plans to carry out
inspections in Warsaw and Jam riot
center based there was destroyed on the
14th of April as a result of the missile
strike by the United States Great
Britain and France this fact is emitted
in the report and what
we'll be doing the expert of the OBC in
this case and we also want the Technical
Secretariat to visit the territories and
find out information about this for
civilian facilities and to see above us
to see the destruction with your own
eyes and it would like to turn to maria
booty now and she was detained by
special services of the United States
and speak to shows charges were brought
against her and we are focused on the
realization of your rights and rendering
care medical assistance and American
authorities that did not provide any
explanations on the allocation of Maria
booty had to new confinement facility
and it was known it has not been
announced and we took note of the
attempts of the American attorney
general's office to consider this case
for month and the ministry didn't
provide even in direct evidence of the
blame of for the Russian citizen and
only publishes messages in the social
media and we demand that American
authorities stop exerting psychological
pressure on Maria and that they should
liberate her another topic there was
another escalation of tension you know
the Afghan and the border between
Afghanistan and Tajikistan and in the
Far whole region there was an assault of
Afghan
Americans against the colony run with
free forest workers the service man of
the border regiment of Tajikistan were
alarmed or to eliminate their bandits
the militants and education stresses of
that idea war no military act is set in
Afghanistan to the air forces of
Tajikistan and we also look at
monitoring the situation which and we
are back to by the assessment deployed
in Tajikistan of the 200 of the Russian
militaries one of 201 and I would like
also to touch upon on the attack of the
peace UN peacekeeper in the Central
African Republic and it was an assault
on the 23rd of August when and
peacekeeper was killed and we heard that
all the perpetrators will be brought to
justice and we understand that such
actions can be regarded as a war crimes
and we heard were to see it cease fire
on the whole of the charger e of CAA and
decide of our political process between
the government and the armed groups and
we approve the actions taken by the
international community to normalize the
situation you know the around the lake
chart and also the we approved from the
outcome so form the Addis Abeba donor
conference organized in February 2016
and the humanitarian a conference of
inertia in 2017 the same objectives are
set for the conference high-level
conference on the situation of of their
basing our chart that will be held in
abilene on this third fourth of
September Russia will be also
represented the Year by mister new child
our ambassador and we support the
decisions taken at the summit for the
heads of state and the government of
their commission of the basing of the
chart basing according to this decision
decisions the special forces will be set
to eliminate the terrorist group Boko
Haram and Moniz objectives is a block
the air retreat stubborn the illusion of
arms and financing and the lose of food
that is being provided to them we are
sure that these conference were given a
new ambitious - mobilization political
and financial mobilization we know now
returning to the topic of cassava and
Ellsbury and we know all the statements
we are well aware of the statements are
from the British our beliefs about of
the searchers in other Park of Queen
Elizabeth on Salisbury and still there
was no information about where Sergei
football and his daughter and now and we
would like to remind that - we ask you
ready to work collectively with the
British authorities
and we hope what you icy answers to all
our requests on a legal assistance that
we have sent many months ago we also the
attempt the intentional to reduce the
spending for the calpro to the
Palestinian National Authority by 200 ml
Angeles and Washington explains this by
the fact that this assistance is not in
line with her the national interests of
the USA and doesn't provide value to the
US tech space and it should be
redirected for other priorities and it's
obvious that this measure rounds
contrary to the humanitarian necessities
and requirements of two million people
in the refugee camps on the Palestinian
territories this the problem is that the
action would not help us to reach our
objectives and Washington could not but
understand that this decision is fraught
with deteriorating there is complex
humanitarian situation also view this in
line of whether the policy of the air to
address the critical decrees are the
founding of the end relief and relief
and Works Agency for Palestine refugees
I'm thinking about this because it about
it is about national interests this
decline in finances financing is
explained by national interest but at
the same time at the start of funding
was also explained by these reasons the
predictable financing of these the
interests of middle is settlement more
of the calls for implementing the
concept of us two-state solution and in
Russia also contributes voluntary
contributes to the budgets it's about a
ten million dollars of the s in 2017
Niraj like also comment the NATO
activities in Europe what actions they
take with respect to Russia in Europe we
took note of the decisions taken on the
recent July summit and of NATO in
Brussels that server the follow-up to
policies adopted to the meetings in
Wales in 2014 and in war so when 2016
the decisions were taken on Russia's
deterrence and they confirmed the
intention of the United States and other
NATO allies to build up military
activities on the Russian borders and to
continue to claim the European theater
of operations and to form the foot
halter to continue to pressure Russia we
also have adopted the policy to
progressively increase military spending
of NATO particularly the procurement of
weapons very in when I bear in mind the
fact that the total military expanding
of constitutes moved and a half of for
global military spending for these goals
and
it exceeds many fold by fourteen times
it exceeds by 14 times the Russian
military spending we see near Russia
near our borders the organization of
exercises that are more interesting and
they are large-scale particularly as for
october/november in Norwegian and in the
Baltic Sea and the northern Atlantic
region they plan to hold major military
exercises for the last 16 years Trident
juncture 2018 they're going to use the
technology and contingent of the
Alliance and other partners and they
will use it and land in sea and in air
this demonstrates the force potential in
close vicinity of our Buddhist and has
an anti-russian trend so previously calm
northern European countries and Baltic
region are turning into a foothold for
the imitation of large-scale military
operations by selling an idea to their
societies about the need to transform
their countries into the theater of
operations we closely follow the
situation in the German city of Hamlet's
they were there was situation caused by
the mirror of a man on the 26th of
August during a street celebration we
can we confirm the information that
among injured there is Russian national
the Russian diplomats from the Consulate
General of Russian late sheikh maintain
permanent contact with this person and
this person is safe we perceive them
there the idea that measures should be
taken to curb any violence from migrants
against locals it also necessary to
prevent any crimes committed by far
right or far left
members and if authorities don't take
any strong action then our citizens and
our compatriots will be in risk and they
will continue to feed the aggressive
intolerance based on prejudice about
migrants we were also asked to pay
attention to the statement made by the
German hike mass on the creation of the
alternative to Swift payment system this
statement was made at the opening of the
conference of ambassadors in the foreign
ministry in Berlin we believe that this
idea reflects the growing concerns in
Europe and in the world at large
regarding the fact that the united
states whip up their sanctioned policy
and Heath the legislative measures of
extraterritorial nature in the case that
this initiative will have concrete shape
then it will be of great interest for
our financial bodies I would like also
to inform you about the fact that we
have completed our well website the
Russian America history culture
diplomacy this website is on the portal
of the Russian Foreign Ministry rose
america dot made dot ru which provides
all the documents from the ministry's
archive and is dedicated to the russian
historical and cultural legacy in the
united states the material say about the
contribution of the Russian explorers in
studying the North American continent in
the establishment of Russian settlements
in Alaska Elliot and Gavin Islands in
California about the fate of the
fortress fortress and the tangible
support provided by the Russian state to
the young American diplomacy during the
American War of Independence and the
Civil War the website provides articles
information about the key events on the
subject matter interactive map which
provides all the information about the
historical and cultural legacy in the
United States the information include
the
house-museum of cádiz and veterans of
the First World War the Museum of the
Russian culture in San Francisco the
grave and the house of Romanov the house
of Solzhenitsyn and Vermont the grave of
the hero of the Civil War general
turchinov and the memorial to the Soviet
pilots in Fairbanks and the grave of
Soviet pilots in encourage as well as
Orthodox cathedrals and monasteries it's
necessary to to point the fact that this
website was created upon the initiative
of the interagency working group on the
maintenance of the Russian historical
and cultural legacy in the United States
established at the Russian Ministry of
Foreign Affairs it's necessary to say
that we're talking about common legacy
of the two countries and the efforts to
preserve this legacy should be taken by
both sides and we hope that such actions
will help to vibrate the cooperation
between our two countries particularly
between our civil societies business
communities and the non-government
organizations we're also asked to
comment the arrangements between Russia
and Turkey on this simplification of
visa regime for certain categories of
citizens I would like to remind you that
following the negotiations between the
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov
and his Turkish colleague mr. chiger
glue they agreed on the establishment of
mechanism to work out mutual
simplification of visa regime for
certain categories of Turkish citizens
we believe that the lateral
consultations between experts on
consular matters is the perfect
professional venue to discuss such
issues so we'll provide you all the
information about this meeting later and
we will also provide information about
the outcomes of such consultations
we paid attention to the application
sent by the official representatives of
the Federal prosecutor's office of
configuration of Switzerland on the 27th
of August to discontinue the
investigation about the alleged cyber
attacks in 2016
against the Swiss State weaponry concern
will occur because they were not able to
establish the perpetrators of the cyber
attacks we think that it's a good lesson
for all those who promote far-fetched
accusations against Russia with regard
to cyber attacks we believe that only
the development of the lateral
multilateral expert dialogue on
international information security will
help us to reach tangible results in the
prevention and investigation of such
incidents we are ready to work with
Switzerland and other stakeholders in
addressing this matters I would like to
remind you that this cooperation is
possible and is carried out on an
interstate level there are special
consultation mechanisms for that but
also there are private structures in the
Russian Federation from our West
partners we hear references to private
individuals and private companies that
are in charge of cyber attacks we say
that we have private bodies who are in
charge of investigation of cyber crimes
and cyberattacks I think that the
private sector might be actively
involved in the investigation and so
that it can be involved not only in the
Russian Federation but in the on the
international level we've been talking
about it for years to involve for
private companies they are successful in
this area but in response we hear claims
from our partners they make claims
against our private sector
but I think that they're experts in this
matter you can refer to them when you
carry out an investigation and now I'm
ready to answer your questions if you
have any I know a son of our information
agency Moscow Baku the President of
Azerbaijan is going to visit the Russian
Federation I know that you cannot
comment the presidential visit but
anyway as the official representative
may be occurred to share some
information with us since you have
visited Azerbaijan several times tell us
what's the main positive achievement
what the main positive aspect in the
relations between the Russian Federation
and Azerbaijan I think that the
full-fledged cooperation between the two
countries and there is a small
contradiction with your question I
cannot point out the most important
thing there the cooperation is actively
being developed in all the areas so it
so it's very important to mention that
the cooperation is positive but at the
same time we cannot I cannot single out
one constituent because there are
positive and marvelous trends in the
relations between the two states and I
have another question so it's using its
visit Angela Merkel said that Germany is
ready to facilitate the nagorno-karabakh
conflict and Germany is ready to be
politically responsible for that Merkel
said that I think it's up to the parties
involved in the settlement to decide
and we need to understand the the fact
how the existing formats are effective
so when we need to address the
combination of these factors in order to
analyze such statements diversity
japanese TV company some korean media
said that on the 9th of september the
revolution is going to visit Pyongyang
could you please comment that and what's
the foreign ministry's vision of the
dialogue between the Russian Federation
DPRK I cannot comment that because we
don't comment visits and agenda of the
Russian president it's up to the press
service and the administration's office
of the Russian President to provide
commentary on their TV companies ever
Froylan you haven't mentioned any
information about the preparatory
process for the consultations on
Afghanistan well what are we have
commented that already in greater detail
all the information you can find on the
official website of the Russian Foreign
Ministry our material clearly says that
due to reshuffles in the political
leadership of Afghanistan this event
will be postponed
that's what we said and we explained the
reasons behind that as for the new days
of consultation we will set out them
only when we are going to agree on these
dates with other parties to these
consultations do you have any more
questions yes please Japanese TV channel
sopra off the mic the question is of the
mic
there was a short message on the Russian
foreign ministry's website about the
meeting between vice president rep
Calvin his colleague Moria and their
meeting worried about security in South
Eastern area as well as about the
American missile systems where the
whether discussing edges ashore or
discussing something else I can say that
I have seen the commentary provided by
Sergey Ribicoff on this matter so I
would like to pay attention to the fact
that he has provided a full commentary
on that I have nothing to add but as for
your question and the only last question
I need to specify that diplomatic
academia of the Russian Foreign Ministry
where are you from again the diplomatic
academy of the russian foreign ministry
we hold briefings only for journalists
if you're not a journalist I'm sorry but
you can visit our briefing as an
observer but you cannot ask a question
but allow me to ask one small question
I'm sorry we have our own rules for that
do you have any more questions eye serum
and symbolic himself come on was it okay
for you to visit our building we have
our own rules actually for visiting your
briefings while talking about weapons
I'm talking about words I don't think
everything has been already said I would
like to specify the statement that you
made at the last briefing
where you were making a commentary about
the slogan glory to Ukraine glory to
hereis and you made parallels with the
German salute a chance and you said that
this this energy will be included in the
cinah gram of the briefing know there
are references to that I have examined
that and I didn't find any information
could you please specify what were you
talking about we can go to the text of
the briefing and find all the references
find this telegram and you will find it
if it doesn't work I'll personally show
you what I was talking about thank you
yes please Leah need the floor is yours
good afternoon mr. Harville and its
readeth i would like to talk about their
immunization activities carried out in
poland there is a story in Poland
they're going to destroy the memorial in
Sturgeon Skidmore the memorial to solve
it soldiers but the memorial is quite
special this is a memorial to Red Army
soldiers who in 1945 these were war
prisoners were imprisoned in 1942 and
they were killed by the German in 1945
so in 1950s Poland decided to honor
their memories ten years ago this
memorial was restored and they have a
plague to the
Red Army soldiers killed by Germans so
now they're going to destroy this
memorial that honors the memory of
victims of Nazis
we have regularly commented this issue
and we have already said that it's
inappropriate to destroy memorials
honoring the memory of Red Army soldiers
this is a prime example of attempts to
rewrite the history no one believes us
and everyone says that we're all we're
making it up but we're not making it up
what you were talking about what we were
talking about we and what social
activists are talking about and even
veterans and representatives of military
historical societies all this fits into
the global strategy of rewriting history
of changing history truly this is an
attempt to this is a direct approach to
what was inappropriate particularly when
I'm talking about changing and the
revision of the outcomes of nerburn
trials before it just was unacceptable
and appropriate to think about this on
each case we will make political
statements we will carry out America
activities together with civil
organizations and volunteers we have
launched some of the projects to
preserve the historical memory and
historical legacy in this context yes
please
CNN Maria lady minimums can I ask your
question
for more details you said that there
were six barrels with chloral and
munitions if I were to live where is it
this information coming from from us not
from you but from us this is our
informations information and we have our
sources of information and I believe
that many times information that we
provided it was confirmed thank you yes
vestnik kavkaza news outlet the the
composit orders were able to start more
against the Iran is the war between
areata and run possible that the the
thing that you've cited is horrible and
we believe that we need necessary
international framework and appropriate
international institutions for such
actions in Trenton news agency they soon
be no original Azerbaijani form and what
form as their button rush especially
China Russian original form and is it
useful yes any form for that being held
that is aimed that I am to intensify the
interaction between the state
the positive and will provide all the
necessary information on our website a
while during nights briefing we will
present you the forum on gender the
objectives if you do not have question
you have Associated Press mr. Lavrov
will mean to prepare in the UN could you
confirm its what will what will they be
talking about about the sanctions I was
surprised the reports the breaking news
about the future meeting of the two
ministers and they said that I request
some requests had been sent and I didn't
understand the level of attention given
into this advance because at the end
there are many bilateral contacts and
the possibility of having a meeting
between Russia and the US at the level
of the foreign ministers it is being
discussed to say what format and one day
this matter it is premature because the
shadow is being prepared now the program
also is being prepared and we were
surprised by this announcement because
we are talking about the traditional
contacts and margins of the UN General
Assembly the the very and who would
participate in this meeting all these
issues are being discussed now yes
please
the news front international agency dear
melody no no the question they said to
their dumb bus situation in Bursa on the
28th of August there was a new ceasefire
agreement that took effect that there
are still injured persons and the
representatives Anka stated that the war
would continue could somehow the
international account community
influence the actions of Kiev we are
trying to urge the international
community to exercise pressure on Kiev
to make it implement the our agreements
we understand that it is not about the
policy the policy itself but about of
the lives of people and we deliver
humanitarian assistance to these regions
and do our best to help I think it will
be correct to inform you in more detail
during the next briefing citing concrete
data if you do not have any other
questions then I'll say you goodbye till
next briefing
