other national news service today we
have a news conference dedicated to the
new facts revealed about this crippled
case I'd like to present to you those
speakers
victorious crippled skinned a diplomat
Olga Korbut even Surma good afternoon
let us begin I'd like to start with you
Victoria at least tell us when was the
last time you spoke to Yulia how's she
feeling how Sergei feeling right now
well the last phone call I received from
her was on 24th of July it was the
anniversary 90 years of our grandmother
and so you Leia called me she said that
father her father could not speak at
that time because he had a medical
instrument still installed in his throat
and basically he could not talk and so
she said that grandmother wouldn't be
able to actually hear him because she
wouldn't be speaking very clearly and so
after that there's been no telephone
conversations when we tried to call the
name the number the mobile phone number
of the of Yulia we weren't able to reach
her but now we are so I asked her how
does she feel she says she feels all
right she's running in the mornings
she's getting better
she's feeling all right I asked her
about your plans for the future she said
your main goal right now is to make sure
her dad is okay
his health is okay and once his okay
she'll be able to return to Russia she
would like to return to Russia these
were her plans at the time we don't know
anything as concerns Sergei is crippled
for several months we haven't heard
anything from him do you know the people
who the the UK claims are the
perpetrators of the chemical attacks no
I don't know I do not know these people
they are not our acquaintances in any
way so I cannot say we have any idea who
they are but I guess we should say that
we are happy that at least not both of
them are Russian so maybe the UK
services were smart enough to make that
one of them a slavic person and one of
them is a Tartar so when they when you
asked them you wanted to visit what did
they ask you want you to that you wanted
to do well I said I wanted to go meet my
relatives I wanted to visit
maybe Scotland Yard I wanted to I wanted
to represent my grandmother and
basically because if I arrived just as
they know their civilian they could just
not let me inside the country
that's why I wanted to have a power of
attorney for my grandmother and arrived
to speak with my relatives the reason
they said that the people allegedly
responsible for the attack war GRU
officers what would be the official
response of Russia to that she said most
likely they were well the respond
of Russia will be that we will speak
only using facts I am surprised by the
fact that Theresa May is not at all
concerned by the need to fight
international terrorism I'm really
surprised that nobody is speaking about
the murder of Alexander zaharchenko at
the moment I am really surprised that
there are there is a number of facts
that we need to be speaking about
because the resume is hiding something
she is what's the great lie by Theresa
may I know I think most of you know what
the great lie is the lie is that the
country that produced the these Navi
talk is not found out the Porton Down
laboratory confirmed that these poison
was not produced in Russia and the OPCW
as well hasn't been able to determine
the country of origin of this poison of
the substance so there are more
questions aimed at the UK because it is
it seems rather silly that there would
be this military operation led by a
woman in a red dress aimed at killing
these people in the UK I guess you know
I also have a red dress and so what what
am I then there are so many questions
all of these questions are not addressed
to Russia I I used to say before that we
need to speak in legal terms we need to
have some data to base our conversation
on the UK doesn't want really to
investigate
this crime the statement of the UK Prime
Minister that GRU officers were arrested
these are these are statements based on
nothing these are just pure blatant
allegations I'm not even going to talk
about the allegation so that the
statements that London is going to
respond to the threat by Russia
well what would what are we going to say
the NATO circle the NATO countries are
encircling us from all around our
borders
what should we also respond to that if
we start doing that there will we will
see no end of it so this was a
completely political provocation I'm
thinking about this crippled case so it
is it is not something that right now is
looked on is discussed as a legal issue
as part of the legal investigation now
so I hope that in time we will find we
will find out what actually happened
what interests the UK were pursuing and
we have our own point of view with which
we are going to present further on are
going to present to provide any legal
support all in legal defence to the
people that the two persons that are
alleged by the UK to be the perpetrators
well we do that we need to have dialogue
we need to have dialogue between the
countries our foreign ministry has done
everything to make it so according to
the protocol according to the procedure
but we still are unable to know the true
names of these people because the UK
intelligence services are not yet sure
that these are the real names of these
people and we cannot say that yet that
these people are actually Russian
civilians what will be the
further steps in the investigation is
Russia going to ask someone for help no
we need to demand how the Russian
Foreign Ministry says reset recently how
long can you continue investigating when
we are going to see any results and then
just days after that we saw this these
allegations is it is this a coincidence
I don't know that as for the people
claimed to be the attackers in March
this year there was a statement about a
there was there were rumors about a
person all jihadist looking person then
the British police said it wasn't him
they started us they started looking for
some woman then they couldn't find her
so they basically couldn't find anything
they need to stop the investigation but
then they suddenly out of nowhere they
pull these two guys and say it was them
so basically they're saying that these
two people these two criminals applied
this knowledge of poison to the doorknob
of a door and and then they continued
just driving around London or driving
around the UK before returning to Russia
when when did they apply this poison way
and when did they do this because the
most important thing for us this
crippled case is a case about the
kidnapping of under arrest and
kidnapping of two Russian citizens and
now we are prohibited access to these
people after Victoria sketball
told us she wanted to come and see you
Leah
then helium contacted her to tell her
not to come but in your statement Julius
crippled said that clearly she wanted to
return to Russia now she is saying she
would like to return but her dad is not
feeling well
yes in late July he had this tube
removed from this throat but where is he
now where is the worst service crippled
right now of course we are we are a
bloody regime as they say but all we
want all we want is they may call us
whatever they want but all we want is to
see these people that they're ok
we want our consul to to see that he is
alright to see that these people are all
right is it going to kill her something
well why don't you members of the media
members of the UK media just come to
Sergei and ask him any questions you
like this is all we want to do we also
want the British Parliament and your
parties in the House of Lords in the
House of Commons
whatever to investigate you have Human
Rights Watch you have Doctors Without
Borders why don't you allow these people
to come to see script the scribbles they
may ask whatever questions they want
this will be alright there are third
parties like India for example a country
which has close ties with both with
Russia and with the UK why don't you
allow Indian diplomats to come see the
scribbles they won't kill the scribbles
but they will be able to ask them
questions and they and if you'll ask
repolish she said wanted to read wants
to return home why don't you let her go
why don't you let her go to Russia back
to Russia so the attack took place
before the presidential elections they
told it may be a way it was a way to
discredit to stage a provocation before
the elections how can we prevent any
further provocations to taking place
in the future well the situation is
quite strange it seems it feels like all
that's happening is part of a larger
plan what we see in the sanctions what
we see in what's being done by other
countries so the second stage is going
to be more harsh and more hard-hitting
it's going to take place in November
right after the midterm elections now
the next stage is tied to the elections
in the European Parliament so the plan
is to strike at Russia a complex strike
to attack Russia in a complex way in
many through many means so this is a
very complicated situation they want to
show they want to allege that Russia has
chemical weapons and is willing to use
it in the UK then they're going to show
where we're willing to even do something
heinous in Syria and this is what they
are planning this is what they're doing
right now I think this is all connected
this is all part of a single campaign
this is associated with a number of
companies that have interests within the
UK and the American governments among
other things thank you so much now we
have an opportunity to hold a Q&A there
won't be any other statements after the
press conference so please ask your
questions now
good afternoon dosed TV channel I would
like to ask Victoria what are your
personal complaints about the
investigations what do you not like
about the investigation and the next
question is there were rumors that she
had a contract with the channel one
about exclusive common comments about
the case well first to answer your first
questions what I would like to complain
about and the first time I came to at
the UK embassy they told me to go away
they told me that it's not my business
and I'd like to thank Western
correspondents who helped me actually
meet the members of the embassy
ultimately but because at first the UK
authorities were not going to listen to
me because I'm just an ordinary person
I have no connections as for the
contracts with the channel one after
everything happened I was fired from my
job and one of the ways to for me to get
a visa was that I had to be employed and
channel one was ready to give me this
job to give me this opportunity to to
make a visa to go to the UK because
since it was no other way this what I
had to do as for any exclusive comments
I was actually ready to meet any
correspondence any journalists when BBC
came I gave an interview to them as well
the first journalist who received a
telephone number from me was a BBC
correspondent it was the BBC journalists
who were first to contact with me from
well within the journalist community
this were the first people
to receive a telephone number from me
are you going to say I'm biased or the
time working exclusively for the Russian
media that's not true well show us
circus cripple that's all we won't just
show them to us show him to us
the answer for me from the start I said
I've been saying even when I talk to you
Lea all I want is you to come home back
to Russia and to live your life as
normal to go back to your hat you have a
bad dog needs care and things like that
now the second thing is Sergei used to
call to call his mother every two weeks
and we want that we want that now we
want him to be able to call us to talk
to his grandmother to get talk to his
mother and so she's she's waiting for
his call she's a 90 year old person
she's waiting for his son for her son to
call him to call her all she wants is
this telephone call if I knew that she
was okay she would call her now because
Julia says said she has a phone everyone
has cameras now why don't you make a
photo of him and at least publish a
photo or send us this photo
but he's alive that he's alright at
least for his mother to to show this to
his mother at least because in the
latest statement it was said that there
were allegations about attempts to take
the life of Yulia but it is not said it
says nothing about the woman who died it
says nothing about Sergey so what I was
talking on about Yulia now what about
Sergey he was also a victim of this
attack Russia today Victoria why do you
think have you been unable to meet with
Sergey or Yulia do you think their
breasts are pressured in some way why I
cannot speak for the UK I can only say
why I was refused I know that I have
facts that on the first occasion I was
personally refused by Teresa may the
second time it was just a formal refusal
I think that if Sergei scribble was
alive there wouldn't be no obstacles to
meet coming to see him are they thinking
that I'm a terrorist too that I am going
to arrive there with this Nova choke and
try to poison them again why are they
not letting me in the first time I
applied for the for the visa at the UK
embassy I said I applied for help from
the UK embassy who would accompany me an
interpreter and this would be UK
citizens who would accompany me and help
me and I will live within the UK embassy
I wasn't I'm not going to break any laws
already UN conventions all I want is to
see my relatives
right now I am the eyes in the heat and
the ears and the mouth of this 1990
year-old woman his mother my grandmother
just imagine she's a very old person now
we have to collect all the herd
documents and apply for a visa on behalf
of her yesterday Theresa May said she
had no complaints she she she has
nothing no quarrel with the Russian
people well if that's true why is she
not letting me inside the country
they're saying I not making enough money
that's that's the reason they're not
going to give me a visa we had 60
complaints filed to the UK embassy about
that and then right when I was coming up
to the embassy we received a note that
they were ready to actually speak to me
another question rush today do you know
do you have any information about where
the scribbles are right now what was the
last time you spoke about no I do not
know their geographical location I know
that they are inside the UK inside
England because we're receiving calls
from England but the specific locations
is not this location is not disclosed we
haven't discussed that I do not know the
specific location I cannot use some geo
locating service to see where they are
another thing is before the 2018 World
Cup julia was met by her friend a female
friend who came to her and brought her
some food some buckwheat even and it was
said that there could be some poisons
once again in the buckwheat but this is
all I know
gusano my question is to all of you
every time we watch TV or read
newspapers we see Russia blamed for
different things the screep Isle the
strip our story continues but there are
no facts presented by the West maybe we
should start ignoring this topic
completely since they're not doing
anything no but these are Russian
citizens they were kidnapped are we
going to abandon them no we're not well
we could make a statement on the level
of the head of state saying that since
you don't have any facts you don't have
any evidence why don't you allow our
investigators to also take part in the
investigation no they said they wouldn't
allow that they are not even going to
provide us any information about these
two guys these two people allegedly
allegedly perpetrated the attack how are
we going to conduct an investigation
like that the UK people are acting
according to the principle that the
golden key opens any door and they
believe that this group our case is the
scruples are these golden key that would
allow them to open any door we know that
the Society the UK society is is divided
by the brexit affair and we know that
the anglo-saxons whenever they have
problems they try to solve it by
instigating wars
and so if we define the international
arena as a the scene of a theatre there
were always some people who who design
all the lighting operates lighting in
the sound it is very rarely that the UK
performed the solo on this scene but
right now the resume is actually taking
the part of the soloist that's actually
playing the main role it's trying to
bargain with the EU and solve its own
problem and at the same time cover it
all up and by blaming the by blaming
Russia this is all the game this is all
a political game this is all the
political show imposed on us the
original goal of this show is to for
them to solve their own personal
problems and blame Russia at the same
time but Russia does not wish to play
any games imposed on us we have our own
policy we have our own stance we're not
going to play according to the rules
imposed on us this is not Russia does
right now we're not in any way able we
do not have any opportunities to talk to
them through diplomatic means we the US
citizens are not interested in
escalating relations with Russia we know
that soon elections in the European
Parliament are going to take place we
know that the Euroskeptics
are going to get a stronger hold we know
that they're going to be blamed that
they have some sort of relations or
sympathies for Russia well now that this
is happening in the West in the in the
US as well with regards to the upcoming
midterms and so the political map right
now the the the political aces in the
guru
it's card game are not played well and
so this is why we have Victoria asked
and demand for the information about
your relatives because they are using
our citizens as a trump card in their
own politics now my question is to you
Victoria were the any other facts that
worried you with regard to the UK
actions next question is to you Olga we
see any you see a number of ways in
which some holes in the story provided
by the UK how is it possible why are
they not thinking it through because
it's unbelievable well I can say the
right from the trash from the start when
it all started we were looking at what's
happening I would like to thank the
journalists who are helping us and I'd
like to regards to Vladimir Putin
actually mr. Putin was the first person
in Russia to express his condolences to
us to our family it was him it was mr.
Putin he didn't interfere in any way but
at least he he ordered to start a
criminal investigation a criminal case
so I cannot say that the Russian state
is not helping me it is helping me great
thanks to mr. Yakov Enco who has been
helping us so much she's been using all
the instrumental instruments at his
disposal so from the Russian government
I've seen a lot of help a lot of aid
they were actually helping me get to the
UK and meet my relatives
but I'm not receiving any hell from the
UK government I'm receiving help from
the UK people from the UK journalists
but not from the UK government now as
for these holes in the story presented
by the UK Teresa may had half a year to
prepare a story well you say we have
such amazing hackers in Russia if you
cannot make up your own story make up
your own videos or evidence well ask
Russian hackers then because right from
the start
it's been it looked like there's no
evidence at all they say women are
different from men because they they can
start so they say women can start
shouting and starting some doing
something hysterical and then they come
to their senses and actually think back
to what they have done and Theresa May
is doing exactly that
she used to to make all this statement
rash statement and then she decided it
wasn't right so at least she has she
used to have Boris Johnson at some point
now she doesn't even have him so some
are asking are they going to give this
to to my grandmother no they are not
going to do that another thing they
asked me when would I be able to visit
the UK I can say that it will only
happen in ten years or so once the
political elite in the UK is replaced by
completely new people only then will I
be able to come to the UK doors TV
channel you said Russian citizens were
kidnapped
I'd like to remind you that Julius
crippled said she was grateful to the
help provided by the Russian embassy but
she said she didn't want to return to
Russia at that time I was not talking
about console helps I was talking about
consular access because according to all
bilateral agreements if something
happens to our citizens the country
where it happened is required is
required to send a note to us saying
that this person is inside their country
and then the console has a right to have
an access to have access to this person
so he can come and see that this person
is indeed in there he's in a prison or
somewhere in a hospital or somewhere but
if the person himself or herself refuses
this help I'd like to remind you that
cripple was convicted in Russia as a spy
yes but he but he was pardoned no but
are you listening to me I'm talking
it's not about help but about access I I
know English I know that she was reading
a text that was written first in English
and that translated into Russian let us
at least let us come to see her and then
she will tell us personally she doesn't
want our help or access from our
counsels what is going to happen is our
consul going to strangle her or
something no they do not have the right
to refuse they can refuse aid they can
refuse aid or help but they not cannot
refuse access consular access
well first of all I would like to
express my gratitude to everyone who
came here today it's very important you
know Julia wants to come back to Russian
we're not going to back gone back we got
not going to go back to discussing this
issue we're not going to allow anyone to
manipulate the situation you can take
things out of context but we are not
going to go against facts Julia wants to
come back to Russia she wants to meet
your relatives and Victoria wants to
meet her Matt wants to meet your
relatives and so arguments arguments by
Teresa made that she wouldn't have
enough money to pay for tickets back
home is laughable and I hope that that
people inside the British Parliament
will express their assessment of these
actions by Teresa may we know that what
these people the scribbles are not
allowed to to say anything to speak to
anyone they are being concealed they're
being hidden forcibly and we believe
that this is a blatant violation of
human rights we have a right to demand
that everyone who are held basically
prisoners descrip house we believe that
there needs to be a criminal case
started because of that the UK needs to
understand that those within Europe who
could violate international law and
violate other laws are not going to be
forgiven
is Russia going to make to take any
efforts for the scruples for the scruple
to return to her homeland well we are
doing everything to achieve that we've
heard statement by Maria Zakharova
that there have been documents
complaints notes said sent to the UK
embassy thank you
journalists colleagues do you have any
more questions well allow me to add a
number of things as for the ability to
somehow ignore or stop this media
coverage of what's happening well
clearly it's impossible because we are
talking about Russian citizens now as
for who's interested in escalating the
situation is it's the UK and the US then
we see that our information agencies are
being attacked including Russia today
then again we have there is a special
divisions within the UK intelligence
agency the 15th division which is
implementing projects related to these
kind of cases like this crippled case
we've seen this
what's wrong with the pictures with the
photos but the whole level of
unprofessionalism is visible throughout
the Western world thank you thank you so
much if there are no more question oh
there's one more question
good afternoon Victorian
Tass news agency is it true that that
Americans want to write a book about the
scruples and they're trying to consult
with you about that well all I know is
that well they're not writing a book per
se but rather a huge article that's
going to be published in a couple of
weeks I know that the New York Times are
preparing an article like that I am
cooperating with them I am consulting
them I do not refuse anyone
I had journalists from BBC come recently
and talked to me we spend a lot of time
together talking about things we've had
journalists from Germany come and talk
to me from their Spiegel and so I do not
refuse anyone I talk to anyone who wants
to talk to me I keep dialog with all of
them if you want come and talk to me
well sometimes I don't have enough time
because there are many of them is only
one of me that's the only issue the
issue of not enough time now yesterday
we had these statements by Theresa May
and I'd not refuse anyone I was able to
I was ready to comment about anything
nobody is writing text for me nobody is
in any way preventing me from speaking
thank you
if there are no more questions from the
journalists the question is to mr.
Victoria miss Victoria what would you
like to say in conclusion well I'd like
to emphasize once again we've written to
Theresa May we've made statements asking
her as a woman as a politician to let
Julia come home and see him see me
and if Sergey doesn't want to come home
for some reason it's alright but in my
last telephone conversations with Julia
I told her you can come home we're
waiting for you if Sergei wants to come
home we will accept him to here oh she
should come home too but if he doesn't
want to all we want is for him to at
least contact us to contact his mother
this is all we want then again if if we
make it so that Russian citizens come
home in a situation like this we'll send
a message to all those who are holding
Russian citizens and other places we
know that the Russian government is
acting very strongly with a story but I
support that
we've put all efforts possible to make
this happen to allow these people to
come home ok you don't want to speak to
Russia
well at least communicate with other
countries bring experts or investigators
from other countries since it's a global
issue since it's a scandal although I
never wanted journalists to stir up this
story to escalate I don't I didn't want
this hysteria it never leads to anything
good
it's only begets more Wars I don't want
my surname my last name the name of my
family lead to any conflicts I am
thankful to the Russian government for
what it's doing for helping me it may
not be visible to outsiders but it's
very visible to me thank you
oh and now question 2
vtd is Russia's anyway is anyway going
to help the script ball family is
anything going to change after these
last provocation I've always said we've
had a very good legal system the only
problem is we need to learn to abide by
it
only then everything will be alright I
think that Victoria has answered all the
questions indeed there is support for
her from the government the Russian
authorities have stated clearly their
position about people illegally held by
fallen state by the UK we know it's very
obvious right now that these people are
held there at the request and the order
of officials in the UK and the chemical
agent in question the Nova Chowk that is
alleged to have been used in this attack
is developed within the US within the UK
itself within Germany it's produced in
all this countries but nobody is taking
these facts into accounts or analysing
them the fact that the UK's itself as a
country that produces this agent raises
a lot of questions and so we think that
the ball is in the court of the UK and
the u.s. because it is them who are
stirring up things and escalating the
situation this reminds me of a situation
when a person is in a very difficult
condition health condition he's dying we
we are present we are providing we want
to provide help some medicine or some
doctors but they're saying no no we
don't want any help the person is dying
and so thank you thank you so much the
press conference is now over
