the UN says military officials in
Myanmar should be prosecuted for
genocide accusing them of the gravest
crimes against RO Hindu Muslims the
minority group which numbered around a
million at the start of 2017 are not
regarded as citizens in the Southeast
Asian country most human rights
violations rape gang rape sexual slavery
forced nudity and mutilation the gravest
crimes under international law we didn't
receive any cooperation from the Myanmar
government we are deeply disappointed
that state councilor dong suitcase and
Sukie has not used her position or her
moral authority to stem prevent or
condemn than folding events in Rakhine
State over the years Sun Sun Tzu Chi the
country's de facto leader has repeatedly
denied any ethnic cleansing taking place
she also blocked the UN fact-finding
mission from accessing the area in 2017
despite that she's been seen as
something of a hero in the West she
previously won a Nobel Peace Prize in a
US Congressional Gold Medal Hollywood
even made a life story into a film and
top world leaders called her an
inspiration power of your example which
has been inspiration to people all
around the world including myself a
fearless champion of human rights and
democracy your example and your
perseverance in your beliefs is a huge
inspiration to people across Britain and
people around the world clearly you will
be playing a key role in your country's
future for many years to come thank you
for your inspiring message
we spoke with Marzuki Darusman the head
of the UN fact-finding mission in
Myanmar who believes that the country's
leader has ignored the atrocities in the
region when you use terms like ethnic
cleansing which i think is a little
extreme i don't think there's a ethnic
cleansing going on I think ethnic
cleansing is too strong an expression to
use or what's happening
the state councilor would have been able
to do more then what she has done
I'm sorry sue she was
clearly derelict of responsibilities and
we registered disappointment that she
did not use moral authority to do
something about this either to stop or
to stem draw up policies that needed to
be there to address the UN considers the
ro hinge er the most persecuted minority
in the world and calls the situation a
human rights catastrophe as the result
of military offensives against the
minority at least 392 villages have been
destroyed and thousands killed the UN
also stresses cases of women being
gang-raped and children assaulted a
Marzuki Darusman again says the
atrocities are a consequence of
systematic oppression this is a tragedy
that was just waiting to happen and
therefore the fact that we've assembled
clearly shows a gradual build-up of
discriminatory policies against a very
specific community there the Rohingya
and that therefore this might have
reached a high point it has been a
problematic situation for so long that
it was just time it was just only time
that would tend erupt into this this
horrible tragedy
you
