I'm after retention you're watching
going underground on the seventh
anniversary of the NATO backed killing
of Muammar Gaddafi coming up on the show
who is Theresa made to talk about human
rights in the case of Jamal khashoggi a
life model friend of a Saudi dissident
and fighter for the Liberation of
Palestine as I'm coming me on crimes
against humanity and after tourism as
mass surveillance was found illegal by
Europe what now for bugging of your
phone we go to San Antonio in Texas to
talk to award-winning ex-convict Barrett
Brown hounded by the FBI for rejecting a
brave new world that's all coming up in
the show but first today is 7 years
since the leader of Africa's richest
affect our nation was killed with UK
backing here was the reaction of the
woman who could right now be President
of the USA we came we saw he died
Clinton NATO nation media and to resume
supported the end of Libya's government
even as they profess to love this
towering African hero Colonel Gaddafi
feed accustomed support our struggle to
the hilt
there is no reason whatsoever why we
should have any hesitation about Haley
their commitment to human rights as they
are pink demanded in South Africa but if
the Tories and liberals helped kill
Mandela's comrade-in-arms seven years
ago today that all appears forgotten in
today's House of Commons
aside from brexit no one MP did feel
that UK armed Israeli oppression this
week should be condemned by to resume at
p.m. cues well the prime minister make
it clear to the Prime Minister of Israel
that this is occupied territory that
these are refugees protected people
whose forcible removal would be as the
United Nations has stated constitute a
war fight carmichael didn't mention UK
backing and resume Julie said nothing
about this week's Gaza dead preferring
to question one particular settlement
once again call on the Israeli
government
go ahead with its plan to demolish the
village including including at school
and displace its residents just a bit of
displacement there not more than 200
dead since the great return march began
no mention of UK arms sales to Israel
that reached a record high
just before Prince William's visit to
Israel joining me now is Palestinian
board journalist Azam Tamimi he was good
friends with Jamal Khashoggi and spoke
to him hours before he was allegedly
killed and dismembered in the Saudi
consulate in Turkey Azam thanks for
coming on the Washington Post published
what they purportedly said was the last
column of your friend and in the
khashoggi focuses attention on a muted
response to the deaths of journalists in
the Middle East
doesn't he belatedly have a point in the
sense that UK us back countries have
been killing journalists for years
what makes your friend his death
different well atrocities have been
committed by humans throughout our
history there are atrocities and deserve
to be condemned but some atrocities have
a special status
Jamal's murder has to add several
factors that make it really different
from anything else
the fact that he was said that this was
a setup the fact that it happened in a
consulate where these things don't
usually happen I mean if you want if you
want to murder a critic you will hire an
assassin or do it much more cleanly but
for it to happen inside the consulate
for it happened in a consulate in
Istanbul where Turkey and Saudi Arabia
are not on very good terms for it to
happen someone who writes a column in a
Washington Post that column which has
damaged Hamad bin Salman and who salmon
is a conference of Saudi Arabia damaged
his endeavor to create to present
himself as a reformer
because Yamaguchi was telling the world
that this was not a reformer this was a
brutal dictator
and one column managed to defeat the
millions of dollars that Mohammedan
Sandman was was paying the brutality the
dismembering of of this betrayed friend
of ours collectively it makes it
different the fact that he is a
journalist the world of journalism has
been on its feet since then saying this
should not be tolerated
there should be no cover-up and that's
why I Trump is under a lot of pressure
not not to not to be involved in a
cover-up or although he would love to
look crown prince moment been someone
obviously denies any any allegation like
that yeah but my point is Israel has
killed journalists in Gaza sometimes
we've seen them on camera and American
citizens like Rachel Corrie have been
killed by say other countries in the
Middle East Israel it can't just be that
he was a great journalist and he wrote
for The Washington Post
some might suggest because he is a
journalist the world of journalism is
what generates pressure on policymakers
I mean look at the withdrawals now by
businesses by politicians from the
investment conference in Saudi Arabia
this would not have happened had it not
been for the media the media is actually
waiting to see how these people are
behaving and they're going to have to
have a go at them now when we talk about
Israel Israel Israel is an occupation
power and it's a brutal occupation about
power occupiers are brutal by nature
they will not tolerate anyone seeking
freedom from their occupation but at the
same time Israel is a creation of the
Western world it's the last colonial
project that we have tell me about the
man himself it was a he was previously
close to the Saudi royal family I
understand and he was a good friend of
Osama bin Laden's well some of Aladdin
was a good friend of so many people he
was a good friend of the Americans he
was a good friend of the royal family
see context is very important here
because when Osama bin Laden went to
Afghanistan
and forth with a Mujahideen that was an
American war against the Soviet Union
everybody welcomed it
so that's history but for a more recent
part of our history Jamarcus Oxley
always insisted until the day he died
and I had a discussion with him only
hours before he disappeared he insisted
he wasn't an opposition member against
the royal family he was just a critic of
some of the policies adopted by the
crown prince he was very anxious that
the country was taking a turn into what
is worse he was afraid or he was
concerned about its future that's why he
wrote what he wrote but he was never a
member of the opposition he worked for
them he worked with Turkey and Faizal
when he was a head of intelligence he
worked for him when he became ambassador
of Saudi Arabia in London and then in
Washington
I remember once he was dispatched by his
government to meeting in Beirut in 2005
in which I was involved that brought
together members of the leadership of
Hamas and very senior former members of
the US administration and some British
governments his government thought this
was an important meeting and sent him to
attend it with us so he was really very
close do you think he felt immune to any
kind of threats from the president
leadership in Saudi Arabia he knew if he
went back to Saudi Arabia he would have
been arrested and probably sent behind
bars like that like some of his other
friends that's why I didn't go decided
not in the Ritz girl to actually behind
us yes not just that it's gotten a
couple of months earlier in September
economists scholars academics
journalists who simply did not speak
were arrested and sent to prison and now
some of them are likely to be sentenced
to death but he never but never occurred
to him
that he would be assassinated or even
kidnapped while living in Washington or
in Istanbul that thought never came to
him never came to us whenever thought
Saudi Arabia would do something like
this it must have taken you by some
surprise the civil society reaction
after all after 9/11 Saudi UK inside the
US relations weren't particularly
affected there was no great effect of
that there wasn't hasn't been an impact
on UK Saudi relations after we hear of
the slaughter in Yemen 20 million people
in that in the world's worst
humanitarian crisis were you surprised
when you heard that say Liam Fox to
resume as a minister won't be going to a
Saudi investment conference I was
expecting him to withdraw because of the
pressure from the media on him now see
Saudi Arabia the difference that
Mohammed bin Salman made to Saudi Arabia
is that he started practicing politics
in an unprecedented thuggish way his war
on Yemen his campaign against Qatar his
incarceration of his own cousins of his
uncles his seizure of their wealth don't
believe there was a bad time some of
those relatives were what about him I
mean he gave he gave Trump half a
trillion dollars what about him
no it's really so thuggish I mean Saudi
Arabia since Mohammed bin Salman started
running his affairs started becoming a
burden on the West it is a clear burden
on the West now Trump didn't want to see
this because he was benefitting he was
telling his constituency back in the in
the United States that he was being able
to bring in millions of dollars from the
Saudis so that was justification for
whatever they did films now the
atrocities in Yemen for everybody there
to see the disruption of harmony within
the Gulf area seem to care about that so
much every to resume he said Britain
will still continue selling arms to
after say that bus atrocity where so
many school children were killed often
saying actually
British lives will be threatened if we
don't sell the Saudis weapons because
terrorism the factor is threatened on
Britain's streets if we don't work with
the service it is true
governments have interests and
governments pursue their interests and
they convince their electorate that
without this money you cannot have jobs
this is a sinister game they play but
look at civil society the media human
rights organisations NGOs have
increasingly being been putting pressure
on Western governments that this cannot
continue like this
he said he would do the job in Yemen in
just a few days and it's been years now
with with at all with a death toll on
the rise the boycott against Qatar and
what it did to even Western interests in
the region
and now the assassination in such a
brutal manner of Jamal Seshadri so
increasingly he his cover is being
removed he's being exposed we have to
wait see on that I have to ask you of
course this week is again being deadly
in Gaza the Gaza division of the IDF got
a letter of commendation for its actions
in Gaza your thoughts about what's
happening now I see if you look at the
way the Israelis deal with the
Palestinians it's just another
imperialist colonial power they want to
maintain their occupation they don't
learn from history
anything Hamas is getting stronger Hamas
is not in its best moments at the time
that at the time being because of the
because of the boycotts because of the
siege imposed on Gaza but Hamas is still
there and its credibility has not been
affected because Palestinians look at
Hamas and look at other Palestinian
factions and they can see who is holding
fast and who is not increasingly weak
Mahmoud Abbas unda bus is almost
finished
it's almost finished
Damini thank you
