attorney for Donald Trump's former
lawyer has significantly backtracked on
his earlier groundbreaking claims about
the information his client could provide
to help prove Trump Russia collusion
artis Kelley Maupin reports from New
York now the attorney representing
Michael Cullen has been going around
mainstream media in the United States
saying that basically his client might
have some big information regarding
allegations of Trump Russia collusion
it's been hinted at that perhaps his
client Michael Cohen knew about the
alleged hacking of the Democratic
National Committee it's also been hinted
at that he knew some key detail about
the meeting at Trump Tower on which the
two Russian nationals met with Donald
Trump jr. and possibly discussed the the
digging up of dirt on Hillary Clinton
regardless this is what we've heard from
Larry Davis the attorney representing
Michael Cohen this is some of what he's
been saying I can tell you that mr.
Cohen has knowledge on certain subjects
that should be of interest to the
special counsel and is more than happy
to tell the special counsel all that he
knows now following multiple big stories
that have come out regarding these
claims from the attorney we now hear the
attorney representing Michael Cohen
start to backtrack this is what are you
saying
more recently I should have been more
clear including with you that I could
not independently confirm what happened
I regret my era president Trump has
reacted to the backtracking from Michael
Cohen's attorney on Twitter he said the
following
Michael Cohen's attorney clarified the
record saying his client does not know
if President Trump knew anything about
the Trump Tower meeting of which came
nothing the answer is that I did not
know about the meeting just another
phony story by the fake news media now
why is this such a big deal in the first
place well if this story had indeed been
true it would be significant evidence of
Trump Russia collusion which is the
entire stated purpose of the Bob Mahler
investigation Bob Mahler the special
counsel was appointed for the purpose of
investigating allegations that Trump
colluded with Russia during the 2016
presidential
election but after a year-and-a-half of
investigation no collusion has been
discovered now we have seen charges
against two former associates of Donald
Trump but the charges had nothing to do
with Russia that no evidence of any
Trump Russia collusion has been
discovered so it appears that mainstream
media which seem to report these
statements as if they were breaking news
and a big evidence of a big amount of
truth about a big discovery of Trump
Russia collusion well they're now
backtracking and once again what they
thought was big news about Trump Russia
collusion has backfired that we're
seeing backtracking from the claims that
it looks like there is still no evidence
being produced regarding Trump Russia
collusion and the Special Counsel
investigation of Bob Muller continues
after a year and a half without having
surfaced really anything
you
