with a general election on the horizon
in Sweden the battle for power has moved
to the streets early on Saturday a party
called the Nordic resistance movement
held a rally and was met with an
opposing crowd objecting to quote the
Nazis marching in central Stockholm
where the leader of the movement has
been open in his praise for Hitler as
Maria finocchiona reports in Sweden
the gathering of Nordic resistance
movement
it's an Nordic organization but here in
Sweden it's also a political party and
they are running for the upcoming
elections here in the country and they
said that this gathering is a chance for
them to make their message heard our
message today is that we want to take
back the country from the traitors in
the parliament between twenty and thirty
percent of the inhabitants in Sweden is
non Europeans between twenty and thirty
percent it's already too late for just
stopped immigration we must kick them
back
the politicians within the government
today they are traitors towards our
people because among many other things
they open our borders for for millions
of foreigners in the long run that will
lead to know that the Swedes will become
a minority in our own country even
longer and we will cease to exist just
meters away from where Nordic resistant
movement is gathered there are there is
another gathering you can see there are
just threatening citizens who came here
to counter
protests they're shouting right now no
notches on our streets
why did you gather here today because we
are against this we're against the now
salesman racism and so
yeah and we think this is really really
awful this is happening in Stockholm now
they are talking about in no society but
they take their chance in an open
society it's quite incredible this had a
chance to speak to the leader of this
the Nordic resistance movement and he
told us that he did a great thing for
German people it was definitely a very
very good person for the German people
definitely he be free Germany it's
disgusting and he I would say that I am
almost lacking words cannot be legal to
say that that Hitler was a good guy I
mean that must be cause for the police
to intervene what Italy took 95% of my
family gassed and burned Sweden is going
Parliament elections in two weeks a hot
time for any country and as they say
here everybody wants to be on the
streets these days to make their voice
heard briefly notion am RT from
Stockholm in Sweden and was mentioned in
her report there another rally was held
today a March by workers unions and to
find out more through head to Maria
phone Oceana's Twitter feed and for
updates to from Sweden ahead of the
election but it's not only protests that
have shaken Sweden of late because a
string of recent arson attacks did
rocked the country with authorities
describing them as organized and
prepared police said up to a hundred
cars were damaged or destroyed early
this month most of them in Sweden's
second-biggest city of Gothenburg
first
well police have so far arrested three
suspects although any motive behind the
attack is unknown some media reports and
politicians have shifted the blame to
the right-wing social democrat party
claiming that such an incident would
benefit the party's anti-immigration
stance
you
