shocker in Spanish football Real Madrid
and FC Barcelona are not loved as much
anymore by their home fans the opening
games for the two La Liga Giants saw the
lowest stadium attendance for both in a
decade with three all you can try to
attribute this to a certain number seven
leaving the club for Italy but Leo
Messi's men are not used to seeing
dwindling support at Camp know or maybe
fans voted with their feet because both
games kicked off very late quarter past
10:00 p.m. on a Sunday night
Madrid's German superstar Tony cross
could not hide his feelings on Twitter
to put the timetables of the game so
late China
10 o'clock even later quarter past 10
half past 10:00 does too late for the
children La Liga bosses have now gone
even further signing an agreement with
American company relevant sports to have
at least one game between Spanish super
clubs played on US soil yes you heard it
right Spanish domestic league played in
the United States in Miami to be precise
and I was there last year at a sold-out
friendly version of El Clasico rial
versus bossa where tickets tour
essentially was an exhibition game
started at a whopping three hundred
dollars that would get you a season
ticket for all home games at most
Spanish clubs but Charlie still eternal
owner of relevant sports told me that
was not enough as someone turned to me
when it was three to two and they were
still going back and forth and up and
down he said maybe you should have
charged more turf in his game while the
company claims the move would boost
popularity of the game across the pond
many believe it will only line corporate
pockets at the expense of ordinary fans
the la liga is already one of the most
famous leagues and they don't need
anything else
this is that tradition do you still do
every Sunday or every Saturday and then
having one of these game it doesn't
the United States the one else against
the Barcelona I'm probably a little
cooler Madrid but the small things are
suffering more than them the only thing
about money and imagine if that game
thousands of kilometers away is decisive
for winning the league or surviving in
it and the Spanish fans are not exactly
the richest in the world that's why not
only them but players themselves have
been outraged the Spanish food bolus
Association lambasted this deal in a
statement and to add even more fuel to
the fire the captains of all 2011 Amos
Lee said they could go on strike we will
go to the end we unanimously against it
and when we complain it's because we
believe that our rights have been
violated Blair's said that's enough so
we will go until we end the deal sent
shockwaves across the old world with
many in England fearing that the FA
could follow in La Liga spewed steps it
didn't help that still Etana openly
stated that he wanted to bring English
football across the Atlantic - and with
the 2026 World Cup heading to North
America you have to wonder what else is
planned to raise the beautiful games
popularity in the land of soccer
Alexia chefs key arty
you
