the US Democratic Party's uncovered an
attempt to hack its voter database
that's just months of course from the
midterm elections but all it's not what
it appears this attempt is further proof
that there are constant threats as we
head into the midterm elections and we
must remain vigilant in order to prevent
future attacks first it looked like just
another meddling story in the endless
stream of meddling reports that we've
come across lately and the Democratic
Party said that it had detected an
attempt to hack its voter base and of
course total panic ensued in the media
check it out DNC just confirmed NBC News
it has alerted authorities to an
attempted hack of their voter file the
take away really is is this continues to
be a major issues Democratic Party's
voter database targeted with a
sophisticated hacking attempt the target
really was the voter database any attack
on a political party or campaign is
important for us all to take seriously
but there's a twist here it wasn't
meddling or hacking it was just a test
according to a source the Democratic
Party or the Democratic Party of
Michigan used volunteer hackers to test
its systems security while this was
confirmed by the National Committee the
source also said that the State
Department did not notify the DNC the
National Committee beforehand let's take
a look at what was said we along with
the partners who reported the site now
believe it was built by a third party as
part of a simulated phishing test the
test which mimics several attributes of
actual attacks on the Democratic Party's
voter file was not authorized by the DNC
vote builder nor any other of our
vendors now the timing of all of this is
worth noting it's coming just as we're
getting closer and closer to midterm
elections and the media is going crazy
frantically searching for external
factors but they've turned a blind eye
to domestic factors which could be where
their answers are investigative reporter
Dave Lindell says election tampering
claims are being exaggerated the
meddling issue is first of all I think
has
being overblown in the first case the
you know when they found evidence of you
know Russian based organizations that
were buying ads and things on Facebook
it was such a tiny amount during the
2016 election that it was laughable so
you know I think most people most
sensible people realized that the
election in 2016 was not significantly
impacted by meddling it was affected
dramatically by a really bad candidate
running a really bad campaign
you
