Washington's voice concern of a turkeys
decision to buy a russian-made air
defense system has even hinted at the
possibility of sanctions against any of
its NATO allies with similar ideas you
know what it goes against our policy to
have a NATO ally such as Turkey use an
s400 system part of the problem with
that it is that it is not interoperable
with other NATO systems and so we are
against the having some of our partners
and allies around the world potentially
purchase s400 exercise I'm not gonna get
into that but we have made very clear
what could trigger sanctions for other
countries and entities around the world
the Russia made s400 missile systems
capable of hitting multiple high-speed
aerial targets within a range of 400
kilometers now the deal signed by Turkey
and Russia last year is worth 2.5
billion dollars and the first systems
will be delivered next year Ankara has
been looking to bolster its air defenses
since the u.s. withdrew its Patriot
missiles from the Syrian border region
back in 2015
meantime Russia has longtime partners in
the arms trade from all over the world
as the head of the state arms exporter
explains the s400 is the most advanced
missile defense system and the world's
countries are already lining up to
purchase it we have gained a firm
foothold in the arms sales market of
Arab countries there is a traditional
partnership with India and China our
allies in the collective security treaty
organisation also work with our military
industries on modernizing their Armed
Forces
former US diplomat Jim Jeffers thinks
Washington's angry over anchors purchase
of the s400 systems because undermines
us attempts to damage Russia the people
behind these policies do not look at
Russia as a partner at all they look at
it as an adversary and that their goal
is essentially regime change in Russia
buying Russian weapons is not bad
because they're a competitor for
business they're bad because there is
essentially a full-scale political
warfare being carried on against the
Russian Federation by the agencies of
the American government I don't know
that this is necessarily what's this
president Trump wants but it certainly
want the Department of State Department
of Treasury and other organs of the
government want and the purchase of
Russian weapons is bad because Russia is
bad I think that not only with regard to
arms purchases but every other excuse we
can think of we will find ways to put
new sanctions on Russia or countries and
companies that deal with Russia
you
