Britain's opposition leader says the
public's losing trust with the news
media and wants to free up the BBC to
make it more transparent and independent
from government Jeremy Corbyn says that
broadcaster could benefit from a revamp
to stop audiences from deserting online
let's go live now to Westminster and our
T's Alice to see a churchman who has
been there following the developments
from Jeremy at Corbin's remarks at
Nastya what else the Jeremy Corbyn hub
to say about all this
well you know indeed UK opposition party
leader Jeremy Corbyn has presented his
views on the state of affairs when it
comes to the media and the press here in
the UK this was out to the Edinburgh
Television Festival and he really
delivered a quite comprehensive take on
the way heat things seeing unraveling
and he did start off his speech by
essentially saying that despite the
importance of journalism for a variety
of reasons public trust towards the
press is really dwindling and he said
the British people simply don't trust
the media a free press is essential to
our democracy but much of our press
isn't actually very free at all the cozy
relationship between senior press and
broadcasting executives media owners and
indeed senior politicians the BBC could
be and is I believe tacitly influenced
by government well that was certainly a
prevalent topic in this speech as well
he did talk about the media and the
press being slightly too close to power
and wealth he's at one point referenced
the media as failing and said it needs
to be ready for the challenges of the
21st century indeed on the BBC he said
that it needs to be freed of government
control and political influence should
be reduced and that the press in Britain
according to Jeremy Corbyn isn't free at
all
the worry about new forms of fake news
and we've heard plenty of that we've
ignored the fact that most of our
citizens think our newspapers turn out
what they believe to be fake news every
day on and offline print too often sets
the broadcast agenda even though it is
wedded so firmly to the Tories
politically and to corporate interests
more generally
well given those elements into account
the Labour Party leader did make several
suggestions about improving if
improvements he think should happen
among those are making the BBC a more
democratic representative and
independent broadcaster he talked about
the support of public interest
journalism as well as more attention
paid to local newspapers that he
believes to be underfunded at this
particular moment in time a large part
of it dedicated to creating a British
digital corporation to sort of walk hand
in hand with the jitter digital
opportunities of the century as well as
other suggestions such as really giving
more power and influence to the public
we did reach out to the BBC for comment
on sit on this and they said they are
not commenting ok and will it be a vote
winner for Jeremy Corbyn we wait on see
now see you thank you very much RT
Silas's see a Churkin then with the
update
you
