president makes me tum across the US are
protesting against what they call
modern-day slavery
they're demanding humane conditions and
holding peaceful sit-ins and hunger
strikes the protest was organized to
mark a deadly riot in a maximum-security
prison in South Carolina in April seven
inmates were killed and more than a
dozen injured in a riot which the media
described as a senseless uprising
prisoners say it could have been avoided
if the correctional facility hadn't been
overcrowded and conditions were better
the inmates have several demands one of
them to end prison slavery as they put
it and also for a proper wage prisoners
have put in work in roles such as
cleaning cooking and lawn mowing
sometimes for as little as four cents an
hour they claim that black inmates to
get heftier sentences and a denied
parole because of skin color they also
want more rehabilitation and medical
services Paul Wright from the human
rights defense Center thinks that
prisoners are being deprived of
essential treatment the government in
this country has for the past 40 years
has embarked upon a very anti Human
Rights crusade against people who have
been accused of crimes were convicted of
crimes in this country
prisoners routinely die from medical
neglect because they don't receive
treatment for very basic medical
conditions mentally ill prisoners
languish in horrific conditions where
they don't receive treatment for their
mental health as illnesses you don't see
such huge percentages of prison
populations dying of preventable causes
in the countries of industrialized
prisons even in third-world prisons
you know such death rates are all but
unheard of the u.s. now is opposed
largest prison population 2.3 million
inmates campaigners say that jails there
have five times as many prisoners as
other industrialized nations nearly one
adult in every 100 of served time Paul
Wright again thinks that it's a
government decision to deprive the
inmates of their rights one of the
things that pervades the criminal
justice system in the United States at
the judicial level is bias in favor of
the government and that comes for
anything from people accused of crimes
to prisoners challenging their
conditions of confinement that's one of
the main problems it's very much a
governmental decision that's been made
to not provide adequate met
we'll care to not provide adequate
mental healthcare treatment to not
provide educational opportunities to
enslave the people within the system to
brutalize them and to deprive them of
basic human rights these are all
government decisions that have been made
you
