secretary of russia's security council
Nikolai patrushev is currently meeting
his American counterpart John Bolton
there in Geneva it comes at a time when
relations between the two countries are
especially fraught can be an interesting
meeting with our Europe correspondent
Peter Oliver's looking forward to it hi
there significant meeting isn't it what
can we expect from it
hello mm-hmm right well they've been
talking just behind me in the US mission
here in Geneva for just over an hour
right now would be keenly looking to see
what comes out of that meeting but the
groundwork for this get-together was
laid last month when presidents Trump
and Putin met in Helsinki however that
meeting was really overshadowed by all
of the the hysteria at the fact that
they were meeting in the first place so
these type of meetings between national
security advisors and the likes of mr.
patrero serve in his role as Secretary
of the Security Council in Russia this
is supposed to be where the the actual
work gets done and people move forward
on issues presidential meetings more
often than not or a handshake and a
signature on a deal that's already done
however the problem that's facing the
Russian and u.s. sides in this
particular meet is the fact that
relations between Washington and Moscow
are in a severe low ebb at the moment in
fact Wireless meetings ongoing we don't
know if a further load of sanctions
against Russia from the US could drop
over the attempted murder in the
poisoning of circus cripple in Salisbury
earlier this year
now the the Russian side deny any
involvement in that attempt on the life
of mr. script pal but the sanctions and
they aren't sanctions that have come
from the anti Russia Lobby in the u.s.
they are haven't come from Congress
they've come from the desk of the
president because Donald Trump says this
well these sanctions in his opinion are
needed to normalize relations at the
Russian site say they refute any claims
that have been made against them deny
any involvement in the attempt on mr.
script pals life and say they aren't
gonna change their foreign policy for
the United States but well so one of the
issues that we really are expecting to
hear some movement on or at least
attempt at some movement on is what's
going on on the ground in Syria Russia
wants to see an international and
international commitment to
funds to rebuild Syria however just
recently the United States has actually
moved those funds that had been
earmarked for the rebuilding of Syria
onto onto other projects the important
thing that the US side wants from this
meeting is Iran to pull out of Syria the
Russian side say that isn't something
that's happening anytime soon then
there's been talk of chemical weapons in
the lead-up to this Damascus and the
Assad government deny any claims that
they have used chemical weapons during
this conflict that's raged on for years
in Syria however John Bolton before he
came here to Geneva before he came to
this meeting in Geneva it said that
should chemical weapons be used in aid
lib that that would be a red line that
would result in a forceful response from
the United States we now see plans for
the Syrian regime to resume offensive
military activities in a blue province
we are obviously concerned if the Syrian
regime uses chemical weapons we will
respond very strongly so we'll be
looking to see if there's any movement
from this meeting between two senior
figures from Washington and Moscow we're
looking to see if there's any movement
on Syria on the Iran nuclear deal on
nuclear containment in North Korea
however with the relationship between
Russia in the United States and the
state that it's in right now we should
really just be glad that they're
speaking in the first place yeah no it
would be a fly on the wall there so
plenty to talk about and our source is
saying maybe a presser to the media from
both of them and about four hours time I
think you'll be across that back to you
then thanks for now Peter
you
