I've been watching for weeks as the
caravan came up I'm not letting them in
they're not coming in they're not coming
in everyone in this room is an immigrant
you know who in the White House it's a
little bit of a different picture Joe
was talking about this caravan or we the
caravan the caravans caravan
there has been a surge of illegal
immigration recently caravan of
immigrants was stopped by a group of
flag waving protesters ministration
officials say they're working as
efficiently and as effectively as
possible the US government doesn't give
them any necessities when they're
dropped off at the bus station it shows
you the challenge the the Trump
administration had in dealing with the
crisis they inherited from the Obama
administration who got a free pass from
the media on causing this crisis what
happened to the Democratic Party as watt
said Bill Clinton President Obama
understood that border security helps
define a country this is a moral and
humanitarian crisis we simply cannot
allow people to pour into the United
States undetected undocumented this is
what we just got from President Obama
he writes immigration can be a
controversial topic my administration
acted to lift the shadow of deportation
from these young people we are a better
country than one that tears families
apart we
people are exploring all kinds of
political points did President Obama
really deport more people than any other
president in total President Obama had
deported more than 2.5 million
undocumented people by 2015
immigration becomes a political - when
there's obviously a policy on the table
there were some shifts going on this
topic in this particular event is being
used on both sides and I think when we
get you know a dozen days away from such
a vital election that's not too
surprising and I think the question is
how what damage in this kind of rhetoric
for both the right and the left have for
not just those people but for the next
time that this happens
you
