there's concern over Facebook's latest a
tool to tackle fake news which will
involve evaluating users based on how
trustworthy they are online it is in
addition to the site's existing efforts
to stem the spread of misinformation now
the idea is to protect users from others
who indiscriminately flag up fake news
as real and vice versa the system will
even be used to predict which articles
need fact-checking based on that user's
history of posting stories now despite
Facebook boosting its efforts to get rid
of fake news there are still a few well
big questions about this latest method
like which users or which countries will
be a part of the new fake news
initiative there's also not known how
the evaluations will affect individual
users on the site or how the process
will be monitored its put Facebook in
the media firing line but the social
media giant insists it is not as bad as
it sounds we developed a process to
protect against people indiscriminately
flagging news as fake and attempting to
game the system the reason we do this is
to make sure that our fight against
misinformation is as effective as
possible
not all Facebook users are convinced by
the company's reassurances they accuse
it of moving towards it censoring
content this is the beginning of the end
this model is after the Chinese social
credit score example sell it friends
with John John is an outspoken critic of
the government until Salian follows John
to raise her score no loans benefits etc
wasn't that how Facebook started guys
ranking girls at college when deep
suspicion years of privacy erosion fear
frustration near total distrust of and a
lack of ethics at a company hold sway
good news may appear bad black Mira is
here
Oh saw your boy in the fire had just now
so he's really something
the CEO of online privacy company crypto
hippie outlined the ethical implications
of Facebook's practices I think its
political pressure I think it really
comes down to that they are putting
themselves in the position of mediating
human relationships which is first of
all a very unhealthy thing to do and
it's something that they really are
grossly incompetent to do users
primarily will not know what is being
done to them and they will be
manipulated in all sorts of ways we
don't know what kind of ways people need
to understand that if you're using
Facebook you are not the customer you
are the product and they are going to
use you in every single way they can get
away with because the better they use
you the higher their stock price goes
you
