the French interior ministry has
admitted that a bureaucratic error led
to the release of a terror suspect
allegedly involved in a foiled attack
more details now from RTS Maria
finocchiona
in Paris how did this suspect slip
through the cracks well indeed a very
interesting story an alleged Islamist
terror plotter was freed early in April
here in France after an investigating
judge had forgotten to renew his
pretrial custody first this information
was leaked to the local media but later
it was also confirmed by Frances Justice
Ministry the country's government
spokesperson has called it a failure
let's take a listen I'm so much pointing
out this it is obviously a grave failure
you know I think the Justice Minister
already initiated an internal probe to
identify the reason for this failure and
then introduced certain amendments to
prevent such things from happening in
the future
obviously the priority now is to find
this individual the man was one of the
defendants in a case of alleged planned
terror attack in the Lyon area here in
France in 2014 and was also believed to
be a part of a terror Anette work
sending fighters to Syria just as
ministry in France says that since the
man was freed in April he's been under
strict judicial control which means he
was restricted on movements he was
supposed to come to an assigned
police officer twice a day to report his
activities and whereabouts but just one
month after that in May the sent the
same man or was found outside the
restricted area he was driving a car
without a license and there were
pictures found on his cell phone that
could be classified as Islamic state
propaganda so very weird indeed and the
man a period in front of the court
immediately after this incident and he
was freed again it's interesting also to
mention that he is one of 15 defendants
in a case of alleged planned attack here
in France and eight of these people have
already left France to fight in Syria
and Iraq
you
