one of those malign activities that's
upsetting Washington right now is
supposed Russian hacking Microsoft
claims it's Thor today fresh attack the
tech giant says the targets were the US
Senate and conservative think-tanks but
mainstream outlets reporting on
Microsoft's findings rushed to draw
their usual conclusion about who might
be behind them attempts by Russia to
hack US Senate and conservative groups
by hacking group affiliated with the
Russian government Russian military
operation the intelligence operation the
Russian military intelligence units
we're joined live by our correspondent
Eagers Donna with more now take us
through what Microsoft said well
basically what the company is saying
that they've seized control from some
group that they believe our Russian hack
is over a bunch of websites that were
recently created and designed to copycat
this the websites of some like
Republican groups conservative groups of
the Congress and so on and so forth this
technique in the IT talk is called
phishing and it's basically designed to
lure people in and to deceive them to
make them believe that they're visiting
the actual website while they're not and
then the perpetrator can pretty much do
anything they want they can send them
like emails phishing emails with like
wrong information they can send them
viruses and so on and so forth and
Microsoft is saying that it is
resembling this situation that developed
right before the presidential elections
in 2016 have a listen we saw this during
the United States general election in
last May during the French presidential
election and now in a broadening way as
Americans are preparing for the November
midterm elections now for you for those
of you who don't understand the midterms
elections is basically the elections in
Congress where almost all seats are up
to up for grabs
so they view it as an important thing
and they probably think that Russians
would want to hack into those you know
to you distribute the way to the power
within Congress so that's why they're
concerned so this is a significant
accusation is there any indication of
what might come out of this well
speaking about significance there's a
bunch of flaws in this that kind of jump
out to anyone who's even a little bit
tax savvy first and foremost of these
websites then can be
these domains they can be created from
anywhere in the world they can be
created from any basement from the
comfort of anyone's flat or apartment
really Microsoft insists its fancy bears
it's like kind of a notorious hacking
group and we won't delve deep into this
but let's just say that they are linked
to the Russian government is very very
debatable it's a subject to debate it's
not a an established fact but even still
if it's fancy bears the thing is
Microsoft explicitly says that they
found and I quote no evidence that these
domains were used in any successful
attack
moreover they do not have any evidence
to indicate the identity of targets or
even the number of targets of these
apparent planned attacks so what we have
here on our hands is a bunch of is a
bunch of websites that were created and
no one has even attempted to do anything
with them and this is what the Russian
statement on this matter pointed out
again we have to state what ought to be
obvious despite our desire it's
impossible to comment on statements made
without any evidence and that are
clearly created for public attention
it's said that a big international
company that successfully worked for a
long time in the Russian market has to
be a part of the witch-hunt that has
invaded Washington well bottom line is
every time they hear the word hacking
especially journalists well they jump at
it and they automatically assume Russia
especially if they have we know the
trigger words in the text well
nevertheless Microsoft is of course a
veteran of the tech world they carry a
lot of weight and they insist that the
threat is real
will the u.s. act on that warning well
Microsoft in fact has even made a
suggestion as to how the you know the
potential victims of the attacks should
act and they've suggested that it's
their tool they should be installing
they've announced that they're
developing is a thing called Microsoft
account God and well don't its I wish I
could say it's the follow the money
trail but it isn't here
they are provided they will be there
promising to provide it for free to
anyone who may fall victim of the attack
so candidates campaigns and so on and so
forth there will be threat notification
and they promise to guide these their
clients through how to make these
networks and email systems more secure
so ultimately I'm afraid I have to say
that it looks like a very well-designed
I have to admit PR campaign on behalf of
Microsoft and anywhere whether there is
a threat whether there isn't while
they're pushing their tool here
you
