and Israeli border guard has had his
prison sentence doubled to 18 months
over the death of an unarmed 17-year old
Palestinian during a protest the
incident happened four years ago and
video released subsequently showed that
the teenager posed no immediate threat
the original charge of manslaughter was
reduced to death through negligence
after a plea deal in which the Israeli
guard admitted to accidentally using
live rounds four months ago he was
jailed for nine months which is at the
lower end of the punishment term for
such a crime he was also ordered to pay
$14,000 to the victim's family
Israel insisted that the boy and others
had thrown rocks at the border guards
four minutes before he was shot the
officer claimed he thought he loaded his
rifle with rubber bullets but it was
actually live ammunition the Palestine
Liberation Organization described the
initial sentence as unjust and part of a
pattern of discrimination such a
conviction represents Israel's
deliberate dehumanization of its
Palestinian victims primarily children
which is the outcome of decades of the
military occupation that holds an entire
nation under captivity and employs an
unremitting and lethal shoot to kill
policy against palestinians when it
comes down to the courts they always
find ways to pass more lenient sentences
they find mitigating circumstances and
of course one can always find such
circumstances the accumulated effect of
all of these incidents is that there is
no deterrence against the next shooter
the next soldier who either innocently
or not so innocently will discharge his
weapon at a demonstrator
you
