Pentagon contracts are among the best
ways to make big bucks and fast but even
within the agency with a multi-billion
dollar budget
some deals stood out as outrageous for
Adam love injure an analyst turned
whistleblower he reported them to his
bosses and believes was punished for
doing so by having his pay cut and
security clearances revoked there's a
lot of players and entities in this
story so try to bear with me here Adam
Levine Jia worked for the office of net
assessment a small but evidently
important department at the Pentagon
in 2016 love injure complain to the
management about two contractors
one is Stefan Harper and the other is a
company called long-term strategy group
will begin untangling this with helper
the Pentagon tasked him with writing up
policy sheets for problematic regions at
least from the US standpoint like Russia
or China or India this fact alone raised
red flags for the whistleblower since
the Department of Defense as employees
tasked with just that while Hopper was
an outsider what made things more
suspicious is that Halper was paid
astronomically more than others nobody
in the office seemed to know what Hopper
was doing for his money he subcontracted
out a good chunk of it to other
academics he would compile them all and
then collect the balance as his fee as a
middleman that was very unusual for this
type of work the Pentagon reimbursed
Halper with more than a million dollars
in the span of just under six years and
a stranger doesn't get this kind of
money in Washington allegations of
undercover spy games around Halper date
back all the way to the reagan years
while more recently he was outed as an
FBI informant scooping for dirt on the
Trump campaign working against the
current US president makes helper
Trump's enemy and anyone who's at
Trump's enemy is Hillary Clinton's
friend and Clinton's name weaves into
this story another contractor loevinger
flagged the long-term strategy group to
him the companies stood out for an
obvious reason see the head of this
group and Hillary Clinton's daughter
Chelsea are besties Jackie and I are
still best friends she was in my wedding
and I was in hers leaks emails from
Hillary Clinton's server indicate that
then Secretary of State actively
promoted the interests of the long-term
strategy group with the DoD
dear Secretary Clinton thank you again
for all your encouragement and help with
DoD we had a productive disc
about Iran and developments in maritime
Asia we also discussed contact vehicles
and mapped out what we need to do so
that we can go to work
Levin Jim wanted his bosses not only to
look into the likely conflict of
interest there but he also questioned
the quality of the job done on the issue
of quality more than once I have heard
our contractor studies labeled
derivative college-level and based
heavily on secondary sources one of our
contractor studies was literally cut and
pasted from a World Bank report that I
just happened to have read the week
before even the font was the same
long-term strategy group and the
Pentagon both denied that Clinton's
involvement had anything to do with the
contracts the same people in the
Pentagon who compensated Halper and the
group had love injures clearances and
pay reduced to nothing months after his
complaints citing official reasons that
have nothing to do with a whistleblower
yet Levenger is doubtless his downfall
is retribution for crossing the wrong
people you have to think about what
actually happens to whistleblowers in
the US because they've had a really
rough time those coming out of the
intelligence agencies over the last
decade and the Americans say they have
this procedure where whistleblowers can
can raise their concerns and they will
be properly addressed and yet we see
time and time again that they're not so
I think we need also to consider what
might be the best path for
whistleblowers to have confidence that
if they have concerns about crime or
about corruption they will be heard they
the investigation will occur those who
might be needed to be held to account
will be held to account but the
whistleblower will not be penalized and
it appears from this case the
whistleblower yet again has been
penalized the bridges lawyer national
security attorney Sean biggley's called
the case another example of deep state
corruption he believes his clients just
another victim of an internal war
against Donald Trump and his appointees
in mr. Lovins case those weaponizing the
security clearance process are quietly
usurping presidential prerogatives
through a litany of seemingly small but
slowly compounding abuses of
bureaucratic power their efforts
evidence a philosophy
that laws and rules are not static
boundaries of societal norms but
flexible tools of the administrative
state well I can tell you again we've
asked the Pentagon the Department of
Justice comment on mr. Lovins case and
his allegations so far no response back
you
