President Vladimir Putin will be the
guest of honor at the wedding of
Austrian foreign minister count Nestle
and businessman wolfgang milling at the
luxury vineyard that they'll be getting
married at just to the south of Graz in
Austria president Putin's expected to
arrive by plane early morning on
Saturday he'll be then travelling by
helicopter to the the place where the
wedding's taking place sealed there is
talk of a carriage ride also going on
and I think that might be more for the
happy couple and not something that mr.
Putin will be taking part in from the
Austrian side they've confirmed that the
usual security protocol will be in place
for the arrival of a guest or a visitor
of the Statue of the Russian president
but his arrival and his saying his
acceptance of the invitation has
provoked a controversial reaction a lot
of the press across Austria and across
Europe saying what does this mean of
Vladimir Putin's extended an invitation
to the wedding of a cabinet member of an
EU nation well what we've seen for in
reaction terms is from the head chef of
the place where the events taking place
well he says he wants a selfie with the
Russian president however what we've
also heard is from a Green Party MEP in
Austria saying that the fact that mrs.
MS can ISIL invited Vladimir Putin in
the first place means that she needs to
step down from her position in the
foreign ministry firmest the Nigel bears
responsibility for this and should in
order to avert any bad consequences for
Austria immediately resign if she does
not do so voluntarily Chancellor kurz
should today suggest to the president
that he sack her been confirmed that the
invite was extended back in June while
Vladimir Putin was on a visit to Vienna
he's making this as part of a stop off
on route here to Berlin for an important
meeting with German Chancellor Angela
Merkel its rest social appearance though
from Vladimir Putin in Western Europe in
recent time since 2014 and since
relations between the west and Russia
took a downturn over the ongoing
situation in Ukraine we haven't seen
much of them coming to places like
Austria like Germany in fact on
social visits that the Austrian foreign
ministry have says that this is clearly
a private visit that there'll be no
journalists in attendance that Lobby no
politics discussed that's sometimes
easier said than done especially when
Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurtz is
also on the invite list almost certainly
he will meet with Vladimir Putin at some
point during the wedding it's unknown of
course what they will be discussing
there but when it comes to roulette the
relationship between Austria and Russia
it's certainly been far warmer than most
other Western European nations in fact
if we look at the script pal poisoning
case just recently Vienna was one of the
few Russian capitals not to expel any
Russian diplomats over that but while
it's certainly a private affair while
Vladimir Putin is in Austria at this
wedding it's very much a business affair
later in the day for him it's unlikely
we're going to see any pictures from
that wedding of Vladimir Putin on the
dance floor boogying into the night
because around 6 p.m. he's due to be
here in Berlin where he'll be meeting
with German Chancellor Angela Merkel
you
