hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered on Peter LaValle
the gruesome plot thickens
there were reports the Saudis now will
admit Jamel Khashoggi died in their
custody after an interrogation that went
wrong Turkish media claimed they have
evidence of intentional murder
nonetheless Trump declares he's not
going to walk away from Saudi Arabia
will there ever be justice for Jamal
khashoggi
crosstalking Saudi Arabia I'm joined by
my guest Joe macarone in Washington he's
a policy analyst at the Arab Center
Washington DC and in Bluefield we cross
to : Kabul he is a associate professor
of political science at Bluefield State
College all right gentleman crosstalk
rules in effect that means he can jump
in anytime you want and I always
appreciate it Joe let me go to you first
in Washington we're naming this program
search for justice I mean after
everything is said and done do you think
we'll ever really know what happened to
Jamal go ahead I mean typically we know
too much then other you know
assassination that happens in this part
of the world I mean we already have a
lot of leaking lots of detailed
information we are not sure how much all
of them are accurate but that's one
thing clear that he went into this
consulate and he never came out so
obviously there was a crime there the
issue is what would the Turkish
authorities would play now obviously
they are playing a little bit a mind
game if the intelligence came they
leaked gradually whenever they feel the
COS easing the rhetoric they leak more
so they are in control of the game
somehow and of course I have help from
the s media was very much involved
because her show she was the Washington
Post columnist so I think we know too
much on this the investigation once it's
end to have a clear indication the issue
is now political one not anymore a
manifestation of issue is what will US
will do what Turkey will do at what
level of EF the Saudi government action
would will be will be involved what the
future of your Saudi relation and what
the future of Mohammed bin Salman the
current Crown Prince so I think we know
the greatest mystery now at this tape we
have to see if the US intelligence will
will have access to it or or Turkey will
eventually release it or not if it's
accurate or not there's lot of unknown
at this point but there's one thing
clear that as I said he went into this
consulate that he never came out okay :
why don't you weigh in on that there
because I think we'd all agree the crown
prince Oh
the last two years or so particularly
the last years been on a huge charm
offensive with the West and as we piece
this together and Joe did it put it said
it very well the evidence that we have
at hand or what we believe to be true
would basically nullify that charm
offensive because there's it looks
almost crystal clear here Joe said it
right he went into the console he never
came out and now we're hearing from
Turkish media some very gruesome details
that we don't necessarily have to repeat
here on this program so what about the
Crown Prince calling in Bluefield
well Peter that Saudi Arabia has
possibly killed jamal khashoggi it's not
something that is shocking to those who
follow the House of Saud what Mohammed
bin Salman or MBS for short as the
people referred to him may have been
startled by is the reaction of certain
members of the United States Congress
the 22 senators who wrote a letter
calling for the global Magnus T Act to
be implemented because of this
disappearance Saudi Arabia has killed
lots of people over the years
there are many bodies that the House of
Saud is directly responsible for there
are missing Prince's that the house of
saw is directly responsible for so
anyone who studies Saudi Arabian follows
what they do over the years is not
shocked by the fact that at Jamal kesaji
was probably dismembered and brought
back to Saudi Arabia so that's not
shocking what is shocking is instead the
reaction of the US Congress okay well
and also Joe if I can go back to you I
mean the Donald Trump is really trying
to play both sides here I mean
he sent Pompeo to to Riyadh and
amazingly enough Pompeyo had a grin on
his face the entire time I thought the
optics were very bizarre and it's
already been really mentioned here does
Saudi Arabia feel that they can act with
impunity they can and this you know the
record the human rights record of Saudi
Arabia is quite clear but I mean this
was I call him this for The Washington
Post and it's one of the reasons why the
Washington Post and Western media have
taken an interest in this story if he
hadn't been that it would be very very
different
again the impunity issue Joe go ahead I
mean I remember Pompeyo when he was a
head of the CIA he went to Tory odd and
February 2017 a few months later or a
few weeks later I mean he went there and
he met the former Saudi Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Nayef who's who's very
loved by the establishment in Washington
here if you must after this visit he was
ousted it was a clear message from from
NBS that he's the person to deal with
not anyone else so now after this he
opened a clear relation with with the
Trump asan a lo Kushner and they had a
lot of impunity in in Yemen and the
immigrant Qatar on what he did was
Canada and he will fell that he's
embolden that nobody can stop him if he
has drop on his side nobody can stop him
this eventually led to what happened in
Istanbul on October 2nd so now the issue
is what will trump do now he's still
doing business as usual but this the the
the pressure in Washington gonna grow
more and more and eventually he has to
change nobody is talking about changing
the nature of us Saudi relation but we
have to change the approach of us our
relation and possibly MBS must step down
if he's not in power yet and he's doing
what he's doing
imagine what once he becomes a king and
he completely control legally and
constitutionally and and all parts of
the government and then there will be no
diversity inside the monarchy no
diversity in the Saudi media and we will
have an extent of what we're seeing now
so yes the charm offensive should be
over and
the the Congress I think gonna take the
lead moving forward they're gonna
pressure the government there's a step
that could be taken immediately
regarding your support for Yemen
regarding the open channel between
between Kushner and MPs should end
immediately and should be a really
rethinking of how is the us-saudi
relation but there's a lot of challenges
that I see that but Trump cannot change
I think gradually over the coming weeks
and months you know it's very
interesting I mean it took this story
about Jamal's fate to really shine some
light on the the monarchy in Saudi
Arabia because you know in West and
particularly in American media they
don't really talk about it very much and
it's usually paid off people to say
glowing things about Saudi Arabia and
it's great reforms I mean it's really a
pathetic PR job most of the time but
because of this tragic event that we
know what the details that we know of
you know people are beginning to say
yeah you're right there's a Yemen and
you know essentially kidnapping the
Lebanese Prime Minister the whole thing
in Syria you know it's really put a lot
of focus on on Saudi Arabia in ways that
I think the crown prince is not very
happy about but and this is what I think
again also motivating Congress and we
have to remember everybody this is now a
political football in American domestic
politics a cudgel to go against Donald
Trump here it is he was dealt a very
weird situation and I have to say
President Trump hasn't handled it very
well to date go ahead : well audience
may not know Jamal kesaji had an uncle
who was the biggest arms dealer the
world had ever seen
Adnan Khashoggi who had the world's
largest yacht who he sold that yacht
eventually to Donald Trump so Donald
Trump is intimately connected to this
chicagee family and he has received
millions of dollars from the Saudis over
the years
so what Congress
in these members of the Senate are
trying to do right before the midterm
elections is to put Donald Trump into a
bind make him do something about the
relationship with Saudi Arabia that all
members of Congress know has been
corrupt for decades okay Cole let me
stay with you just for a second it so he
would you say in light of what you just
said it's not really about the a hundred
billion dollar plus military supply
deals the Trump keeps mentioning because
I find it very odd that he mentions that
is that it's really not it's hasn't been
signed off on these are memorandums of
understanding so it's there's really no
real money in play as of yet and these
arms deals are projected to go into the
future it's just not one okay so you're
saying the arms deal things probably is
not the real reason because that's what
Trump says go ahead Cohen the Democrats
were they empowered they would do the
same arms deals with Saudi Arabia just
as Barack Obama did when he was in power
so the difference is that the Republican
President Donald Trump is in power he's
got major arms deals with Saudi Arabia
right now and the Democrats want to put
some sort of check on just to the
Republicans and on to the Republican
president okay let me let me go to Joe
let me go to Joe here before we go to
the break here we're gonna have a break
no just the Republicans their Congress
are also supporting Democrats on this
just just two quick answer to call and
the Republicans in Congress are
pressuring Trump more than Democrats
Rubio a lot of leaders so it's not only
Democrats yeah you have been against
Trump for the last year and a half they
have not been all-out supporters of
Trump they see him as a danger what a
gravid says his buddy they pick off all
day so
we're gonna hang on hang on guys we're
gonna go to a break real quick but
you're actually highlighting really what
there is a very very deep relationship
here that is not being I think very oh
very well covered in Western media
because everyone's getting paid off on
my Mon we're gonna go to a short break
and after that short break we'll
continue our discussion on Saudi Arabia
stay with RT welcome back to crosstalk
where all things are considered I'm
Peter LaValle to remind you were
discussing Saudi Arabia
okay Joe one of the things I found
really quite interesting after the the
supposition that Khashoggi it had been
interrogated and killed the the royal
family instantly almost simultaneously
said we can wreak havoc on your
economies in the West particularly the
United States we can use the oil weapon
and I'm paraphrasing here but that has
not been said for forty-five years it is
taboo and everybody knows that be
kicking because it can really make the
markets volatile but that was the first
card that they played does that make you
feel the confident that they're gonna
come through with a legitimate
investigation because it was so quick
and threatening if we're sanctioned you
will pay for it that is remarkable and
for a country that is pivotal in the oil
markets it is traditionally at least in
the last four decades played a very
reasonable role as that that pivotal mam
producer that all changed almost in a
matter of hours go ahead Joe yes you are
right the last time they used this
weapon was in 1973 and that's that's led
to a whole change in US policy toward
the Middle East so obviously this is the
first impulse of of Saudi Arabia and it
has obviously the signature of NBS on it
it's a it's a message was meant to be an
anonymous message and on its official a
message directly to trump that we can
impact the congressionally congressional
election in November that we can change
and this may be the hope was to change
his calculus on that level after that
the u.s. embassy Saudi embassy in Riyadh
issued a statement which is no we
believe in your Saudi relation if this
will happen this will impact Saudi
Arabia as much as impact the world
because part of being an oil producer or
energy producer you have to have a
system a sustained flow of energy
otherwise people gonna go somewhere else
and now the market is expanding the US
doesn't no longer need Saudi oil
Europeans have more diversity so the
market is changing now they are not as
much as influential and they will impact
themselves more than they impact
the world but they are playing this card
I think because they want to say there's
there's a reaction from them and they
had one audience in mind it's Donald
Trump okay how is the how do you see
Trump playing this here because like I
said before we went to the break I don't
think he's playing it very well because
you know there will be serious
consequences again paraphrasing and then
he within one news cycle he he backed
off and he's talking about the
importance of the relationship here I
mean and its critics are really
salvaging here him here I mean it's it's
it's kind of theoretical do you support
human rights or a real estate you know
when you're talking intellectually like
that that's fine but when you're using a
specific example it doesn't come off
very well I mean it and and Trump is it
doesn't seem like he has a really good
grip on it for maybe reasons that you
mentioned and in the first part of the
program the Saudi Arabia has its
tentacles everywhere in the US economy
and you know it's Bob Dylan said money
doesn't talk it screams and I hero I
think a lot of Saudi money is screaming
right now
go ahead : Donald Trump is interested in
money money for himself money for the
country money for jobs and he wants to
keep that honey pot of Saudi Arabia and
that money flowing so what he has said
contrary to what you say deter Lee he
said that Saudi Arabia has admitted to
killing Jamal Khashoggi
but from my information right now all
that has been reported is that they are
thinking about admitting yes it's
assumed they've changed the position and
reports say that there's an anticipation
that indeed yes that he accidentally
died during an interrogation keep going
:
Trump has indicated that we don't know
the facts yet so that's going to be his
position and he's probably gonna tell
MBs not to admit to killing Kannagi even
though the amount of evidence that has
piled up to the point where it is pretty
evident
what happened and you can see that by
the fact that US intelligence has
already said they have caught MBS online
giving orders to undertake this capture
of catch Auggie and the interrogation
and the killing of khashoggi now the
Turkish security has said they have
video in audio either through the Apple
watch that Khashoggi was wearing or
through the bugging of the Turkish the
Saudi consulate in Istanbul but they
have not released that information yet
so this initially led me Peter and mr.
Joe to think that this was a shakedown
by Turkey and US intelligence just as
MBS last a year ago in November got over
a hundred Saudi princes being as and
millionaires into the ritz-carlton and
shook them down and so the US and Turkey
who want to get some money from Saudi
Arabia we're going to do the same thing
so it was either a shakedown going on of
Saudi Arabia or wiser heads and u.s.
foreign policy were realizing that NBS
is a total failure
his blockade of Qatar his report Isis in
Syria his war in Yemen is leading to the
demise of this traditional honeypot for
members of Congress and for the u.s.
ruling class and so they want to get him
dislodged
so they can put back in another more
favorable royal as mr. Joe talked about
earlier before MBS was the heir apparent
you know Joe it's interesting I've been
reading reports that American
intelligence sources were aware of
Jamal's visit and and the intentions
potential intentions of the the Saudi
government here
and that kind of backs up a little bit
with what Cohen was saying right there
and because there is criticism of people
that are aware of their saying that
there was an inter it wasn't an
intervention warning him off so again
like I started this program the plot
thickens because the more we learn the
more we understand that there are
different motives from different people
in play go ahead Joe yeah that's a big
question because obviously a lot of
reporting said that the yes intelligence
was aware that there was a plot to
kidnap him and possibly kill him so why
he was not a phone why the Washington
Post was not informed his resident in
Virginia is known he's a known figure
for for all you know officials involved
so why he was not warned there's some
reporting saying that he was lured from
here from officials here and watch the
Saudi officials to go in to stumble
because obviously it's easy for them to
operate there so I think they they
didn't expect this reaction that they
were expecting maybe to hide the
evidence but they I mean the Turks I
mean I don't believe in the Apple watch
theory obviously the only option is they
had they were spying on what's happening
inside it's the only way and this is why
they're a little bit as it did and
showing the video maybe because they
will people will discover that they were
bugging the well I mean Joe Joe let me
ask you a question I mean if they if he
was lured if he was lured there and he
is a resident of the United States why
didn't he go to the the Saudi consulate
in Washington DC to get this marriage
document why would he go to a place
where he he because where he believed he
could I mean you know that's a third
party turkey is not disinterested from
what you and Colin have said here I mean
it looks like it was very callous unless
he had another reason to go that far to
get this document because apparently his
fiancee was outside the consulate with
his phone he didn't bring the phone in
with him this is what we're learning
here go ahead Joe I mean yeah those
details we can't just speculate we can't
know really what's happening the
reporter has said that he had meetings
with Saudi ambassador here and they gave
him the impression that he's welcomed
and he can do whatever and
he needed the paper to get married in
some wool and Turkey so he needed a
letter from the Saudi consulate there
the report agrees they asked him like go
there get get the paper it will be more
in line with what these efficiencies
want to endorse your your new marriage
those are details we can just speculate
it doesn't matter there's also I'll just
if you went to OSHA Tory went to some
wool there was an intent to basically
silence him in some way and it happens
it happened so the question is from the
US politics perspective is did the yes
intelligence know why they didn't inform
and will and they inform the White House
and the White House and inform you know
authorities involved in Turkey or
elsewhere we don't know that's not big
of big questions that are yet to be
answered or maybe never answered you
don't me or maybe never : you know again
another one of the threats that from the
House of Saud is that they might realign
their foreign policy or buy weapons from
other countries that is just bluster
that it's absolutely nonsense it would
cost Saudi Arabia billions and billions
and billions of dollars to reintegrate
let's say Russian or Chinese technology
I mean almost all of it it's American
British and French I mean again it's
just bluster you know who's doing the PR
over there I mean it's it is it's very
I'm sorry juvenile sounding it sounded
like a child stomping on the ground go
ahead : well it is true that Mohammed
bin Salman believes that with him at the
leadership of Saudi Arabia they can be
much more proactive in the region with
Iran that Iran gets to act with near
impunity and that the people in the
country of Iran supports the government
much more than they do in Saudi Arabia
Saudi Arabia everybody knows that the
royal family is corrupt everybody knows
that there's no justice in Saudi Arabia
instead it's just us
that the Saudis rule for themselves and
they don't care about anybody else but
Mohammed bin Salman thinks that he at
the head can move Saudi Arabia into a
position where he can intervene in Syria
and Yemen in other places and that
eventually he can be moved Colin Colin
he's he has been doing that with
disastrous effect and that you know we
have to look how is Khashoggi being
presented to the American public the
people who are pushing this case who got
all shocked about Saudis killing someone
they said oh here's a humanitarian a
freedom writer someone and that's why I
said that's why we've run out of time
here that's why I've said two years of
PR a charm offensive seems to have gone
nowhere here many thanks to my guests in
Washington and in Bluefield and thanks
to our viewers for watching us here at
RT see you next time and remember
crosstalk rules
you
