if Damascus is serious about accepting
millions of its refugees back home it
has some serious rebuilding to do
borrows villages and small towns like
the one over there in the province of
Homs have been completely razed from the
face of the earth by the war
that's why factories like this one are
crucial most Syrian cities have to
survive amid a chaotic and unstable
power supply we've been told that when
anti-assad fighters captured this
facility they looted it clean for
equipment and left it badly damaged it's
fully operational now but lack of power
of course isn't the worst that Syrians
have had to endure well I I swear we
were dying of hunger one kilo of bread
for one thousand lira you have to eat
otherwise you starve to death we ate
only rice and bulgur nothing else we
were living in hunger and poverty we
will wake up in the morning not knowing
how to manage to get our daily food
children suffered malnutrition
the ten-year-old girl looked like a 2
year old
throughout the war some parts of Syria
have seen well horrific famine but it
would have been much much worse if it
wasn't for the incredibly fertile soil
and that's why here some branches of the
trees are actually broken under the
weight of peaches advanced agriculture
and international aid is helping to put
food back on people's plates so now with
the fighting contained two small pockets
Syrians can treat themselves to
something nice this ice cream plant has
even had a go with its own
interpretation of the Oreo recipe yet
all of this is great on paper but
doesn't help much of delivery trucks
have no roads to drive on
there's just over 40 kilometers between
the cities of Homs and Hama a trip that
should have taken some what 30 minutes
would stretch up to six hours see with
this bridge destroyed if commuters had
to gamble with their lives taking long
detours through jihadist territories
this newly paved highway has brought the
drive back to well under an hour.this
market in Homs is more than two thousand
years old it has seen many things and
this civil war is not the worst of those
it has survived through and it is hoped
that the rest of the country will follow
its model oh my gosh darn of reporting
from Syria for RT
I made at the mass reconstruction
efforts there is also room for artistic
work these artists once lived in a
refugee camp near Damascus but had to
flee when they came under attack with
the area now back on the government
control they returned to depict the
aftermath of the fighting they say they
want to leave a record for future
generations of what happened at the camp
and what they went
you
