police in the UK say the man detained
after Tuesday's Westminster car-ramming
incident is being held on suspicion of
attempted murder and performing an act
of terror he's been identified as a
British citizen of Sudanese origin I can
get more now from our London
correspondent an associate reckoner anis
to see a little information so far but
what else do we know about this man well
Nicky details have certainly started
trickling in and being discussed in the
press about the possible identity of the
man behind this crash that is now being
indeed investigated by authorities here
as a terror incident as well as
attempted murder and we do know that the
press here are saying that this is a man
who's 29 years old he is being named as
sally cater british citizen of Sudanese
origin is being reported that this man
came to Britain back in 2010 as a
refugee and applied for asylum and was
granted British citizenship within the
last two years it's also being reported
that this is a man who lived in
Birmingham and was actually according to
some reports being made now in London to
reportedly apply for Sudanese visa to be
able to visit his family back home now
and some reports have suggested that he
actually had papers or documents on him
suggesting that's what he was planning
on doing so some questions still to be
addressed there it's also being reported
that he was not known to the mi5 or the
counter-terror police but local police
in Birmingham where he lived were aware
of his identity and excuse me we do know
that police here who are now
investigating this case have been saying
that he's not been cooperating with them
and that their main priority remains to
be able to determine what exactly his
motivation is and given the man is not
speaking and saying very much about why
he did what he did that remains a
challenge and we're also hearing here
that the police the car that he had
driven to London in from Birmingham
actually arrived the night before this
incident took place we're also hearing
that neighbors are saying that he was a
quiet man who lived over an internet
cafe but in fact the landlord of the
police he used to live said he didn't
live at that internet cafe
for a few months before this happened so
really lots of questions still we also
know that officials and police have
investigated and looked into two
properties that could have been
associated with him still searching
another but no other people have been
arrested in connection to this so the
police are continuing to look into that
and interestingly just to mention we
know that the Metropolitan Police
Commissioner here in London has said
that it might be not the worst idea to
consider pedestrian izing Westminster
because of what she's described these
vehicle attacks being weapons of choice
so we'll see if that happens and we've
also heard from the London Mayor Sadiq
Khan say that it also might not be a bad
idea to lift security not just in
Westminster but in London this is a
cioppino thank you for the update
you
