Twitter's latest blocking measure
targets the accounts of libertarian
comment headed Gavin McInnes in his
organization the proud boys a proud boys
is a group that operates in the US and
UK Canada and Australia it advertises
itself as a collective of Western
chauvinists some of his members took
part in the notorious alt-right rally
and Charlotte's filled in August 2017
but since then it's tried to distance
itself from the old right now the proud
boys a ban came ahead of the anniversary
of the Charlottesville rally with
Twitter now saying that the organization
has violated its policy on violent
extremist groups earlier auntie's Hannah
sure sathi debated the issue with our
guests as far as it coming right before
the unite the right rally the only thing
coincidental with that having to do with
anything having to do with the proud
boys is the fact that Gavin and all the
proud boy sites actually disavowed the
unites the right rally just like we did
last year I think it might just be
coincidental that it was shut down after
that unless of course somebody didn't
want people to know that there are
reasonable people in the new right who
are saying like yeah we don't want
anything to do with that kind of racist
Nazi dreck which we don't well I feel
like the the poor hateful boys are
they've got their website and they can
espouse whatever kind of hate speech
they want you have nothing we don't like
them so I I just feel that I'm sorry
this house is a problem there is nothing
for you to offer to the American public
you're a--you're a very fringe extreme
fringe group that espouses hate and and
you can do whatever you want on Twitter
as far as I'm concerned I don't I don't
follow you I don't want to be by you
Twitter's decision somewhat surprising
given that it cools proud boys a violent
extremist group but they themselves have
denied for years connections to the
alt-right groups or any extremist
movement so is activism now considered
extremism is this the issue we're
debating here now we would like to have
no hate speech no racism no divisions in
our country and they the divisions in
our country and the racism do not come
from Twitter they do not come from
Facebook they do not come from our email
and the such and I believe that that the
poor racist boys should have their
website I mean I believe that you should
be on Twitter I believe they should have
Facebook's who gets to pick out who gets
to pick out what hate speech is who gets
to pick out what racism is how come one
thing is racist for one people but it's
not racist for another people how come
one thing could be hate speech here but
it's not hate speech over here it does
your privilege anything to add to fight
hate speech
right right I got it I'm privileged to
fight racism yeah yeah the only man what
are you okay only thing to feel you're
the most privileged person in this
conversation right now I guarantee it
the only thing to fire Grayson hate
speech is more speech and better speech
you
