after the death of Nelson Mandela there
has been an increase in racial politics
and incitement here in South Africa and
now as the country starts preparing for
elections to be held at the beginning of
next year one new party has emerged
that's only for black people
the massive Buyi African Congress says
that its goal is to restore the ideals
of African people it's gone as far as to
say our membership is not open to
anything that looks white this is a far
cry from how Mandela saw the rainbow
nation you have to look to all
ethnicities and yes oh I don't think
it's it's a good concept I don't think
it's something that will work here
though going backwards obviously I just
like that we shouldn't allow them in
South Africa most parties are fighting
for its unity in South Africa but now
having a party that now takes only black
people sorts of life promotes racism
it's become popular in South Africa
particularly among the white community
to talk about reverse racism in other
words discrimination against white
people whereas once people of color were
denied jobs education and political
power the tables have now turned and
many whites complain of being overlooked
because of black economic empowerment
policies ironically many South Africans
once felt they were not white enough
today there are those who feel they are
not black enough
poreless near RT Johannesburg
you
