I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser report
yeah we're still in Vegas got my white
suit on gotta be careful you know never
know wow that was close
Stacy you got me you got me right max
so I have a very good headline because
we are at a security conference here in
Las Vegas the whole show crime
conference and there was this there's
been a strange story going on in the
United States about these sort of chips
that China allegedly planted on all
these important infrastructure relating
to Amazon Apple and some other stuff so
we're gonna look at this because all
these huge corporations like very
specifically deny any of this story but
we're gonna look at the first story from
Bloomberg this was got a lot of
attention in the United States the big
hack how China used tiny chip to
infiltrate US companies the attack by
Chinese spies reached almost 30 US
companies including Amazon and Apple by
compromising America's technology supply
chain according to extensive interviews
with government and corporate sources so
they use I think 17 sources just like
those 17 intelligence agencies that we
keep on hearing about but they they have
these anonymous sources that claim that
these companies including Amazon and
Apple had been basically compromised by
a chip that was placed in devices being
built in China and they point out in
particular they actually have data and
all sorts of facts that they claimed
happened in 2015 amazon.com incorporated
began quietly evaluating a startup
called elemental technologies a
potential acquisition to help with major
expansion of its streaming video service
known as Amazon Prime video based in
Portland Oregon elemental made software
for compressing massive video files and
formatting them for different devices
it's technology had helped stream the
Olympic Games communicate with the
international space station and funnel
drone footage to the Central
Intelligence Agency
the CIA elementals national security
contracts weren't the main reason for
the proposed acquisition but they fit
nicely with Amazon's government
businesses such as the highly secure
cloud that Amazon Web Services was
building for the CIA and then the
article goes on to claim that Amazon
found a little chip on some of the
devices and that the FBI and CIA and
stuff we're working with them but now
they all categorically deny it but it's
a interesting story well you know a few
things here sir of course amazon
competes at Alibaba Alibaba Chinese
corporation and any way that they can
undermine Alibaba in some way the
Chinese Authority in some way of place
into their global expansion efforts but
this on a broader scale is another sign
of the end of globalization because up
until recently corporations had an
incentive to cooperate to be globally
impactful and there is a tremendous need
to coordinate financial policy economic
policy currency policies in the US and
and China for example would keep the peg
to the dollar to allow for exports into
the US which would give people cheaper
goods
in exchange for jobs and nobody
questioned this Trump has overthrown
this world order and we're back to a neo
mercantilism it's every country for
themselves there's not gonna be any
globalization anymore all these global
groups the IMF the World Bank the United
Nations are all being dismantled NATO's
being dismantled as we enter this
century of a century of D of neo
mercantilism and of course this is on
one hand very dangerous because now
you've got all these countries are going
to be competing with each other to the
level of where it was before world war 1
which led to a world war but on the
other hand it's very exciting because it
means American workers are gonna have a
chance to compete finally in the global
economy yeah so there is an emerging
sort of consensus that's being pushed
that China somehow a quiet enemy and
haven't have infiltrated us we see this
we see this across both parties we see
this across the entire spectrum of
America
is our economy has been hollowed out our
position on the world stage has declined
people are starting to come up with
their own alternatives to our instrument
of control which is the u.s. dollar even
Germany allies like that so it's
interesting that all these like
mysterious forces that you can't
possibly see it's as mysterious as
communism an ideology which infected
Americans in the 30s and 40s it's this
mysterious force of these these secret
agents from Russia and China who are
overwhelming yes they're the barbarians
they're the Visigoths and the Vandals
they're they're these people that are
coming after us and there's no hard data
but here they're saying like in the
original Bloomberg piece they point out
that elementals servers could be found
in the Department of Defense data
centers the CIA's drone operations and
the onboard networks of Navy warships
and elemental was just one of hundreds
of super mikro customers now again these
companies deny it this is the
interesting thing is usually so like
when Edward Snowden revealed all the
data about the NSA and working with
certain corporations and telecom
companies they they all issued vague
denials very very vague nothing specific
and and you any lawyer could see that
they had authors to get out clauses
especially that they were under NSA gag
orders well Apple has denied that they
are under any gag order Amazon the same
so what they here's the follow-up the
big hack statements from Amazon Apple
Supermicro and Chinese government Amazon
said it's untrue that AWS knew about a
supply chain compromise an issue with
malicious chips or hardware
modifications when acquiring elemental
it's also untrue that AWS knew about
service containing malicious chips or
modifications and data centers based in
China or that AWS works with the FBI to
investigate or provide data about
malicious Hardware Apple gets even more
specific and and I mean China is in the
software it's in the hardware as opposed
to this so-called threat from Russia
where there
spreading memes that influence people to
vote against their better interest they
put a meme of Bernie Sanders as a buff
beach body builder and this warped the
minds of America to vote against their
interest but of China it's actually in
trading the hardware with actual chips
China's actually in filtering the
software or the actual malicious
software that's okay we won't talk about
that because actually Hillary's got to
be you know ameliorated because after
all she can't possibly be held to
account for catastrophic failure because
her personality is one of that of a
steaming pile of nothingness I mean the
total politics is misdirected away from
a genuine threat vector that being
frickin infiltration of the software and
the hardware by the top competitor in
the global sphere China well okay let's
go into more specific because we don't
know that this actually happened they
something's going on but Apple said this
is their statement on this we can be
very clear
Apple has never found malicious chips
Hardware manipulations or
vulnerabilities purposely planted in any
server of ours
Apple never had any contact with the FBI
or any other agency about such an
incident we are not aware of any
investigation by the FBI nor are our
contacts in law enforcement we are
deeply disappointed that in their
dealings with us Bloomberg's reporters
have not been open to the possibility
that they or their sources might be
wrong or misinformed which is maybe them
also saying dis informed they were being
dissing formed about something going on
and I have another headline after this
to tell you how that might be the case
well I know apples claiming a bloomberg
is fake news essentially
or just like the Iraq invasion and New
York Times for useful idiots for the CIA
who wanted an invasion or some sort of
agency that wanted an invasion of Iraq
that they were being fed disinformation
and are we know right now in particular
especially the media and the resistance
are in
total awe of anybody from the FBI or CIA
so they're going to print the resistance
like anything they had to say but here's
one thing Trump is a smart guy and he
sees how the media is in love with with
the FBI and in love with the CIA and
will like print whatever they say one
big thing scoop this is from Axios the
Trump administration's secret anti-china
plans the Trump administration is
planning to launch a major
administration-wide broadside against
China according to two sources briefed
on the sensitive internal discussions
these sources who weren't authorized to
discuss the plans with the media told me
the effort is expected to launch in the
next few weeks by the way this article
in Axios was was published in September
earlier September before this
information about the Chinese ships came
out and they said they were the
broadside against China which is planned
to be both rhetorical and substantive
will be administration-wide including
the White House led by senior officials
on the National Security Council
Treasury commerce and defense we're not
just going to let Russia be the
boogeyman one White House official told
me as Russia and China so it's like a
bipartisan boogeyman they're pivoting
away from Russia as the boogeyman to
China as a big mess
because their cost advantages of making
China the boogeyman is a lot more
advantageous to Trump in the American
economy then you know pipsqueak Russia
when it comes to comparing these two to
17 trillion dollar economies and there's
no point in who's not trying to make
Hillary look good anymore there got a
transition now to a 2020 and start to
run around 2020 but if I understand what
you're saying there they can infer what
you're implying is that this is a false
flag well I don't know about false flag
that's like such a loaded crazy emotion
Bloomberg put fall fake news by chips
I'm saying that somebody may I don't
know the truth about this somebody
claims somebody anonymous sources 17
sources within the US intelligence
agencies and governments told them some
information that there had been chips
planted by China now we could
used to be more reporting on that we
don't know for a fact who is Right who
is wrong Apple could be lying about this
they could be hiding something they
could be hiding marrying that with this
pivot to China and there's being plenty
motivated but here yes this was a few
weeks before this information emerged
that there was apparently there are
discussions within the Trump
administration to find a reason to go
after China they might think it's a good
vote winner coming in 2020 we already
know is a vote winner in terms of like
they took our jobs and now they're
taking our secrets you know they're
accessing our secrets
by a secret sort of stuff on computers
and we know everybody nobody understands
a computer so what do you think out
there you know put in the comments below
what your thoughts are is this Bloomberg
story some kind of wacky false flag or
is it just utter confusion out there in
the world of technology right we'll be
back after the break don't go away
welcome back to the concert report by
Max Keiser time now to return to our
conversation with crypto mogul trace
mayer trace welcome back
Oh gotta be your max alrighty so let's
get back into what we were discussing
about backs which is this new New York
Stock Exchange initiative they're doing
deals with Starbucks and Microsoft it's
really I you laid out early on going
back to when Bitcoin is 25 cents there's
seven Network effects to be aware of as
we head toward world domination for
Bitcoin and we're well into those seven
Network effects and so let's focus on
back for a second they are going to open
the door to possible financialization
now financialization is part of the
network effects some are fearing that
this will give Wall Street away to
thwart the progress of Bitcoin as they
do in the gold market with
rehypothecation your thoughts I'm just
not worried about it at all I mean
what's the worst that they can do sell a
bunch of Bitcoin they don't have and
fail on the on the contract to somebody
right that's I mean no that's the worst
and and what's that going to do it's
gonna suppress the price which means
that people are going to be able to buy
more Bitcoin at a lower price so whoever
gets stuck with the the failure to
deliver you know or or get stuck with
the contract where they can't deliver
the Bitcoin well they're gonna take a
loss but whoever bought the Bitcoin at
the lower price will get the game let's
talk about naked shorting for a second
so with naked shorting The Wall Street's
essentially selling stock or selling
futures contracts that they're printing
at the same time that they're
uncollateralized they they're not backed
by anything and if a price if something
like gold goes up and they don't want it
to go up they can flood the market with
sell orders from naked short sales of
contracts that they are printing like
you would print a fiat money these are
fiat orders it's been proven and
documented that this goes on all the
time you know I'm a consultant to Gadda
I've been involved in their stuff for
over ten years so I mean I'm very
thoroughly aware of what's going on
right the gold antitrust action
committee and I mentioned that because
I'll link to this and we'll get another
10,000 views anyway but with Bitcoin
that is not the case because really this
Wordsworth the naked short seller in a
huge way because the hot allure blast
result has control of the private keys
number one so you could unmask take
delivery of those keys you can't do in
gold because it's cash delivery and
nobody has the inners and it's so much
more expensive I mean look at look at
Germany when Germany decided that they
wanted to be a hardware of last resort
and said give us 800 tons of physical
gold how much did it cost to move all of
that to transport it to verify the
quantity and the quality of it every day
twenty billion dollars plus a Bitcoin
gets melted down and recast into new UTX
O's verifying the quantity and the
quality with a hundred percent on every
transaction you can move a hundred
million dollars a Bitcoin for ten cents
right and so I mean you can't do that
with gold does Wall Street even
understand the liability that they are
potentially opening themselves up to or
are they just going to stumble into this
get burned and then learn the hard way I
I sure hope they don't understand it you
know because I'd love to skin them well
that's what's happening right now as
they try to position themselves into
this market they're very sloppy in the
options market and for Trude traders you
can scalp them all day long as they move
into its second idea and this is more of
a contentious idea okay I want to get
your thoughts on it
it means it's possible if worse comes to
worse or if there's an open warfare
between the hot lers and Wall Street
it's possible to fork them we can fork
yeah yeah I brought my fork along as a
pillow here's a fork
explain how that would work a little bit
yeah so I mean there's several different
ways that that happens one is when the
fork happens they don't if you don't
have the private keys you don't get the
pork you know so like what happens if
your coinbase and you've got and you're
supposedly holding a whole bunch of
Bitcoin and then Bitcoin cash comes out
and all your customers are like hey you
have to give me the Bitcoin cash and you
might actually have a legal duty to do
it because otherwise it would be unjust
enrichment or some type of fraud or
whatever right like how are you going to
deliver the underlying and then what
happens if there gets to be a little bit
of squeeze on the underlying just for
the fun of it right so Wall Street can
we have both get all they want because
at the end of the day
they can get forked yeah they can get
forked if they fork too much they'll get
baked on fact I mean that they're really
in a difficult position because how do
they acquire a position in Bitcoin you
know and 50,000 bitcoins isn't cool
like hundreds of thousands of Bitcoin
now that's cool but but like 50
thousands not and so if they think that
they're gonna come and play in this
space and they're gonna bring the rules
from the old system where you're
settling into something that's not
limited and amount strictly uh-huh
that's not gonna work you're playing
with a new technology here and the
hardware's of last resort in a lot of
ways I mean they're not just a freight
train they're like a glacier I mean
you're gonna like how do you like you're
just gonna get effortlessly pushed out
of the way by the hot Air's Oh excellent
point now you've just returned from DC
where there was some CFTC hearings
related to Bitcoin what can you tell us
about what you saw yeah so I attended
the technical advisory committee meeting
it was broadcast open to the public also
the new commissioners are very
interested in Bitcoin stuff the virtual
currency subcommittee took up a vast
bulk of the time and they're trying to
figure out mainly you know of course
there's the MAL kyc issue but the really
big issue is custody like how do these
institutions custody large amounts of
Bitcoin and you know we we had a lot of
those that we were building at armory
but for whatever reason like you know we
didn't I didn't continue to fund it and
part of that you know I would say was
hey if Wall Street and institutions want
to buy Bitcoin they can build their own
custody solution okay speaking it keeps
the price down so I acquire more Bitcoin
in the mean time so like why build the
custody solution so I mean they're
really kind of in a pickle yeah well
they are going forward so Gemini the
what takes a long time to build this
stuff yeah well that they're building it
like Gemini for example the Winklevoss
twins in New York they've got custody
services they're offering plus a
reinsurance they're gonna start insuring
these deposits as well these bitcoin
Holdings is that's it that's a big
that's part of the network effects right
oh yeah that's that goes right into
financialization because you need
insurance on the DCOs and the Seth
and and they talked about that you know
right now the insurance at the tack at
the SC FTC meeting like the hot wallets
they usually get insured to it most
maybe like 50 million warm wallets five
hundred million and cold wallets like
two billion so even right now like the
the insurance companies are playing in
the space but large amounts of capital
are not here I mean we're talking
hundreds of billions of dollars that's
when things start getting interesting
right
they've also Gemini's up also create a
stable coin that's compliant with new
york laws so your thoughts on these
so-called stable coins what do you think
they're i mean it's crazy who's New York
to think that they can let somebody
issue like Federal Reserve notes on a
blockchain and have that not be
counterfeiting under federal law I mean
you got like federal law preemption
issues you've got all different
countries like there's a Chinese stable
coin like coming out on Finance or okay
coin or something I there's definitely a
market for it look at tether but you
know it's there's just a whole lot going
on there you have Chinese exchanges that
don't want an AML kyc compliant stable
coin in some cases so it's you know see
you know China is China going to go from
being wary and concerned about Bitcoin
because it's a decentralized technology
in a very centralized economy to being a
country that starts to see it as a
strategic reserve and as they do battle
with the US dollar and could that set
off like a almost a space race of
countries mining to create strategic
reserves going forward could you see
that happening yes as supposedly there
are some African central banks that are
actually starting to hold Bitcoin
they're doing it through things like
open dime China specifically I think
they're gonna get caught flat-footed
again just like they did with silver you
know and they lost 78 percent of like
with that transition so I think I think
India and China
you know banning Bitcoin exchanges in
India like clamping down on the
entrepreneurial process in China the
Great Firewall like I think they're just
same song second verse they're gonna get
hit flat-footed again the Chinese during
the silver stand
silver standard they had in the thirties
Emily yes so they they were the last to
basically de monetize silver and move
over to gold and as a result they
they're the ones left old in the bag
just like Africans holding gold glass
beads or you know whoever holds the
inferior technology
I mean stone agent in because of the
lack of stones like we're in a new age
now and bitcoins here and there is
nothing on the horizon with anything
close to these Network effects right
let's talk quickly you know as you
mentioned nothing like it but the
altcoin market tomley a fund strat to
certain sectors of emerging commodities
platforms privacy exchanges stable coins
so he's he's separating this market into
these different categories altcoins your
thoughts i mean they're just getting
obliterated why because almost all of
them have no use case then a lot of them
are built on top of the theory on who's
been able to sink in aetherium full node
from scratch anytime recently I mean
it's just absurd like the lack of
scalability there and then you've got
root stock and maybe I cos I saw start
getting done on root stock via Bitcoin
and so I think in a lot of cases these I
cos have way overshot and then corrected
and and you know and then when that
safety and liquidity starts to dry up
people will need to cash out in order to
get into something more stable and so
we've seen a lot of the capital flowing
out of the I SEOs into theory amout of
aetherium into Bitcoin or dollars and
but if the next big bubble has ICO or
whatever bubble is taking place on
Bitcoin be a rootstock you know like
what's what's a what use case does
aetherium have the way on that that
would be a big zip Oh
Andreas Antonopoulos Bitcoin
yeah buddy of Mines well-known Bitcoin
man I spoke to him the other night
and he said that he thought smart
contracts were impossible on Bitcoin
trace mayor your thoughts well I mean we
got multi signature going on like b2 Sh
no I mean smart contracts are definitely
possible it's just how do you really
want to do it and like block stream just
launched a liquid which is a side chain
you know like when Adam backing out
side-chains there was a there was a meme
like and suddenly millions of altcoins
cried out and then there was silence so
you know what we can do so many of these
things on sidechains and then you got
interoperability and since it's you
you've got bitcoin impregnated into it
you've got a poor on what the thing can
be worth because you can always take it
out of the sidechain back in the main
bitcoin but you stand this argument that
you can't do you know smart contracts on
Bitcoin for all the reasons you just
said yeah and then look a whitening
network you know in hdl-c is like so we
got a whole bunch of stuff that's
already happening there it's how
complicated you want these smart
contracts to be in Bitcoin scripting
language is much more narrow as opposed
to like etherium but that's for security
purposes I mean you you can build an
insecure layer on top of a secure layer
but not vice versa and bitcoin is the
secure layer and etherium is not look at
the dow look at the scalability look at
the full nodes being sunk from scratch
it's a real problem right so people say
that unless your own a node you're not
really fully Bitcoin supportive you know
is that something you would agree to
well I how I kind of phrase it is if you
want to choose to be a first-class
Bitcoin citizen you run a full node and
do your validation and you hold your own
private keys do you want to be a third
class Bitcoin citizen like hold your
coins on Mount GOx we see what happens
to people that are third class Bitcoin
citizens they get obliterated you know
and that's because they're not taking
the security seriously if you have $5 a
Bitcoin put $5 a thought into securing
it if you have a a bunch more put a
bunch more thought into securing it
change mayor Howard Hughes a big claim
right here in the Kaiser report thank
you thank you so much max well that's
gonna do it for this edition of the
Kaiser report with me max keiser estate
server well I think our guest
tres Mayer trying to catch us on twitter
it's Kaiser report or you know what
download the frickin app watch us in
your taxi as every freaking taxi driver
in Vegas is doing until next time bye Oh
