a Green Party candidate has spoiled the
party for the US Democrats and local
elections in Ohio they expected victory
but instead Joe Manchin grabbed over a
thousand votes to swing the pole unhappy
with the loss the Democrats lashed out
at the Green Party and some as usual
blamed Russia as well
Sameer calm explains believe it or not
there might be a new villain in u.s.
politics meet Joe manchak one of the
Green Party's congressional candidates
in Ohio whose alleged to have swayed an
election with just over a thousand votes
but couldn't even remember his own
campaign website for Congress dot
wordpress.com word slash something you
might think that no one would be
threatened by this unassuming guy but
you'd be wrong as the Democrats narrowly
lost that election to the GOP manchak
and the entire Green Party were
immediately scapegoated for the defeat
this is an embarrassment day Green Party
can you please wait to make your
symbolic votes at a time when our
government isn't being overrun by white
supremacists so the Green Party
candidate is an immigrant from a distant
planet as he explains on Facebook we can
vote for whoever we want in the yes that
doesn't mean we should though someone as
far as to say that anyone who votes for
the Green Party could be a Russian agent
you know what sucks because of our
unwillingness to pass policy that
protects our election integrity I
immediately think the Green Party votes
tonight
a Russian meddling why else would anyone
cast a protest vote in Ohio when there
is so much at stake this isn't the first
time minor parties like the Libertarian
Party or the Green Party have been
attacked by the establishment for
electoral losses in 2000 when Al Gore
won the popular vote but lost the
electoral college vote Democrats
castigated Green Party voters for
choosing Nader over gore and quote
helping Bush win in 2016 when Hillary
Clinton lost Democrats pulled that
strategy again blaming minor party
voters and accusing Libertarian Party
candidate Gary Johnson and Green Party
candidate Jill Stein of
electing Trump and they added a whole
new layer to their accusations Rousseff
obeah RT was central to this accused of
undermining democracy the US and tell
communities exact words for hosting a
debate between Johnson and Stein and
showing Americans that they had other
choices besides the two establishment
candidates a horrible crime apparently
and then when an old photo of Jill Stein
sitting next to Vladimir Putin at an
arty gala went viral all hell broke
loose here's Jill Stein trashing the US
while in Russia in December of 2015 she
attended a Russian propaganda TV gala
and sat at the table with Mike Flynn and
Putin keep in mind there was absolutely
no reason for her to be there except to
become a Russian porn they're not the
only ones who've been accused of
colluding or working with Russia anyone
who doesn't owe the bipartisan
anti-russia line is obviously on the
Kremlin's payroll now Senator Rand Paul
one of the strongest libertarian voices
of the Republican Party is also under
suspicion let's be honest minor parties
are a nuisance to the two establishment
parties that make up the duopoly the
fewer parties the better right no an old
dilute votes but here's the question
without minor parties who would have
been scapegoated maybe it should just be
one party safely protected from Russian
involvement but there's only one
surefire way and that's to have no
elections at all
you
