it's not just Russia on the receiving
end of Washington's economic backlash on
Friday Donald Trump announced that the
US is doubling tariffs on its NATO ally
Turkey I have just authorized a doubling
of tariffs on steel and aluminium with
respect to Turkey as their currency the
Turkish lira slides rapidly downward
against our very strong dollar aluminium
will now be 20% and still 50% our
relations with Turkey are not good at
this time
well that move sent turkey's currency
the lira into a nosedive while president
Erdogan has already said his country
will not be drawn into an economic war
change the euros the dollars and the
gold that you're keeping beneath your
pillows into lira at our banks this is a
domestic and national struggle you're
not a good day for the lira its
valuation has dropped to its worst level
since 2014 it's now in fact worth half
of what it was in 2017 the move follows
two Turkish ministers being singled out
for sanctions last week while Ankara
urged people to convert any US dollars
to local currency okay let's get into
this further because joining us live on
the program now is Steve Cain Steve's a
professor of economics at London's
Kingston University welcome to the
program how sustainable is it for
America to continue on this economic
campaign with sanctions because there
are a lot of battles on many fronts here
well this is a fairly trivial one though
and I think it's got everyone there's
nothing to do with with the trade
situation between the two countries
because when you look at how much of
Turkish exports are actually on steel
and aluminium it's less than 5 percent
of their exports now they import just
about as much in the same category as
they export and America is one of their
smaller trading partners so I think it's
really got to do it there with the
religious battle that's going on between
two very similar personalities Trump and
a garden where Trump once an American
so release from jail that was one of the
pastors who agar Dan claims is involved
in the coup against him so this is I
think this is a peripheral battle but of
course it's destroying the Lehrer at the
same time yeah we will just get into
what's happening in Turkey in a moment
but just focusing for a few months on
America how how will the sanctions
impact on the dollar if at all we did
see a little bit earlier the Dow Jones
tick a dip but is the market just
reacting to Trump's tweet is that is the
Dow okay okay it's rising and because
the American economy is in a mini boom
right now it's partly caused by trance
policies as well because as insane as
they might appear and overall individual
elements of them it's basically a
massive fiscal burst of the economy and
in some ways even the tariffs are going
to force American corporations to invest
in the way they haven't done in the past
while the Federal Reserve is still
hasn't yet unwound quantitative easing
which which slowly we've been very
ineffectively did boost American the
American economy as well so the American
economy can cope with is quite
comfortably thanks very much
unfortunately yeah if the diplomatic
relations therefore between Turkey the
US don't settle suit how bad do you
think
stiva could get for Ankara from an
economic perspective here well I think
so if you could actually be forced to
default on its foreign bonds because the
main danger it has is running a huge
current account deficit as well as
having a large level of credit driven
demand domestically now both those can
drive very rapidly in a model so not so
much B what happens in Turkey that
matters well what happens in Europe
because a large part of those lines been
made to Turkish borrowers by by French
in particular but looks at in French and
Italian banks now if some of those start
going bankrupt then the real pressure on
Donald Trump to stop this could come
from Europe and not from Turkey just
expanding on that in your opinion what
kind of measures do you think countries
can take to make themselves perhaps less
dependent on the US dollar well I think
the moves that have been made by China
to try to make the room Indian to a
reserve currency a part of it but I
would
really like to see the country's
emerging countries of the world in
particular unite around the idea of
doing what Keynes wanted to do way back
at Bretton Woods in the first place
and that's not allow a national currency
to be the reserve currency for the
planet but make up one which the Keynes
called the bank or and run that out of
the International Monetary Fund in
proportion with the size of domestic
economies we would not have anything
like the chaos that we have today nor
the power of the United States financial
sector
if Keynes's ideas had been followed just
finally do you think when you look at
foreign policy here for Washington in
particularly that economic measures such
as sanctions and tariffs they're simply
par for the course here they're a new
instrument of that power struggle yeah
and then because it's a you got a new
president in charge he was actually
likes causing chaos and likes making
people upset because then guess what
they talk about him and that's the most
important thing to Donald Trump so we're
really caught up in the-- much more
political than we our economic wars
right here and of course as I said it
comes back to that of the pastor that
has been jailed by a guard on this is
really about getting him freed and Trump
blustering as or into it far more than
it is about the economic impact upon an
America of turkeys turkey should take
these trivial on and aluminium exports
you
