it's okay not as great as we want who
might you hear that from a teacher
checking your ass eh
your gym coach boss or a senior
technology officer for the Democrats
talking about how well the likes of
Facebook are cooperating with their
party as if catering to the DNC was on
the network's mission statement what
would make mr. Krekorian happier we
would love to do is give every campaign
something like a weather report to tell
every campaign what is being said on
social media in the morning and how they
can combat it I'll explain the Dems want
Facebook to look for people who've been
fed fakes or propaganda the network
should then share that audience with the
DNC so that they could feed them what's
accurate ie the right thing the
Democrats are hungry for Facebook data
this could have been a great moment to
remind you of the Cambridge analytical
data gate if one person if you joins the
app I would not just see your Facebook
profile I would see all of the Facebook
profiles of everybody that you're
friends with and people had no idea that
the data was being taken in this way no
that was one massive gate but I'll
remind you of something else the Obama
team had a solution in place a Facebook
application more than 1 million Obama
backers who signed up for the app gave
the campaign permission to look at their
Facebook friends lists in an instant the
campaign had a way to see the hidden
young voters just a little Democrat
trick to get hold of some user data for
political gain before the 2012 vote you
never heard about it because pretty much
no one cared those were the days no
hashtag collusion media fallout news
anchors didn't go on about it 24/7 and
some people in charge at Facebook were
just real fans of mr. Obama Facebook was
surprised we were able to suck out the
whole social graph but they didn't stop
us once they realized that was what we
were doing they allowed us to do things
they wouldn't have allowed someone else
to do because they were on our side
should we assume the Dems are still on
Facebook's friend list you know they've
been told
sort the Russian fakes out and so FB has
been taken measures they've just gotten
rid of pages followed by hundreds of
thousands of people because they're
linked to Russia
I mean Facebook's not so sure about that
bit we're still in the very early stages
of our investigation and don't have all
the facts including who may be behind
this but remember for the Democrats it's
okay not as great as we want and so I'd
love to know what type of audiences were
these hundreds of thousands of people
because we want to talk to them or work
with them come on it's just a bit of
audience data presidential candidate for
the Libertarian Party Arvind Bora thinks
social media has deviated from its
original purpose the idea of freedom of
speech is a legal protection that says
the government cannot restrict any
freedom of speech it doesn't say whether
or not private companies can so what
Facebook and ship and Twitter are doing
are okay legally morally it is
absolutely reprehensible morally as
leaders in communication Twitter and
Facebook have a responsibility to
encourage an open exchange of ideas not
to give a huge bias to the established
Pro State Pro status quo old ideas they
need to give space to the ideas that
challenge the status quo that's what has
made these what made these these media
useful in their early days but today
these media are not sticking true to
their early promise instead they are
turning out to be just another tool of
the status quo
you
