a new US poll to suggest the reputation
of news organizations is in decline it
found that more than a quarter of
American citizens now think that their
president should have the power to close
media outlets deemed to be behaving
badly
Arty's kind of mopping took to the
streets of New York to get opinions on
freedom of speech the American media
just can't get over the enemy of the
people label first slapped onto it by
Donald Trump a little while back enemy
of the people
I think crosses a line I think it's
reckless I respectfully ask that it end
this is a phrase that has a long
historic provenance it goes back to the
French Revolution it goes back to Stalin
to Mao when the president attacks
journalists we question his motivation
at this point you could dismiss the
comments simply as media over
sensitivity or bias against Donald Trump
however whether its media partisanship
or Trump's behavior it seems pretty
clear that public support for freedom of
the press is stark now at this point
less than half of Americans say they
believe the mainstream media is working
hard to engage in honest reporting now
what's more shocking is that 26% of
Americans more than a quarter say they
believe that the president should have
the authority to shut down any media
outlet that is engaging in what they
call bad behavior now it's not
surprising that most of these media
haters are Republicans and it's no
secret what outlets they want shut down
do you think that's surprising do you do
you think a lot of Americans agree that
the media outlets should be shut down I
do I think they're smart if you're smart
and you have a good mindset where you
see different things then you would know
things like that obviously should be
shut down especially if they're not
telling the whole story that's a joke
that's a joke once again let's go back
to page one
freedom of the press right to an opinion
those 26 percent may not know the
Constitution I'll be broke I mean I
don't think the press should be closed
down but it doesn't mean we have to read
it or pay attention to it I just block
it out I don't really know what their
definition of bad behavior means if
there was a clear definition of bad
behavior I know maybe I'd agree with
that statement more of course if they're
imposing vile and certain citing some
kind of non peaceful motion and I don't
agree with them and then maybe they
should be looked at more in depth but in
terms of shutting them down often you
jerk reactions no I don't agree with it
it now seems that the First Amendment is
the first thing that many Americans want
to be amending kaleb Maupin RT New York
you
