unlawful and unacceptable that's how the
Kremlin described the latest US
sanctions on Russia are imposed over the
poisoning of double agent circus cripple
and his daughter in the UK back in March
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said
it was too early to discuss
countermeasures as Russia hadn't yet
received any official confirmation my
colleague Roy Suchet early earlier
discussed new sanctions with Arty's
Finnish assessing the United States on
August the 6th 2018 determined that the
government of the Russian Federation has
used chemical or biological weapons
against its own nationals
despite any new evidence coming to light
the US wants to impose sanctions on
Russia and this is in regards to the
former poisoning of former double agent
Sergey scrapple and his daughter Yulia
back in March
now these sanctions won't be implemented
under two sets the first set will ban
licenses for the export of sensitive
national security goods to Russia
including electronic items and these
kind of exports have been previously
allowed on a case-by-case basis the
second round of sanctions though will be
more severe this will be the prohibition
of u.s. bank loans the termination of
air carrier landing rights which would
affect flights from Russia to the US and
further restrictions on exports and
imports as well but the US says though
that the second round of sanctions will
come into effect unless Russia provides
reliable assurances that it won't use
chemical weapons in the future and
agrees to on-site checks by the UN but
when you say reliable assurances it was
last year 2017 the international
community the OPCW confirmed the
destruction of all chemical weapons in
Russia exactly the chemical weapons
watchdog verified the destruction and
confirmed this in September 2017 but
we're still waiting for now further
evidence as to why sanctions are being
imposed now and the US has already
implemented measures you might remember
there's around 60 diplomats were
expelled by the US
spring when this saga first escalated
but when questions at the press
conference the State Department
officials didn't mention any further
reasoning behind the sanctions whether
this was because of old evidence or new
evidence let's take a listen to what
they had to say where are you getting
the conclusion that Russia is behind
this creep al poisoning I will leave it
to others to characterize the current
state of our understanding of the
screech owl affair we've been very clear
that we agree with the assessment that
it was a navi shock agent and that the
perpetrator was ultimately the Russian
Federation I leave it to others to give
those kinds of details of what we
currently understand obviously from
reading the press it appears that their
investigation is ongoing in terms of the
scope and nature of the details and of
its implications but I'll leave that to
others the key words there from the
officials where I'll leave it to others
to give the details so whether the US
wants the UK to disclose further
evidence behind the attack remains to be
seen and the u.s. is now skirting around
the reasoning at the moment issuing
fresh sanctions without fresh evidence
and all the while Russian officials here
at Moscow keep asking for transparency
for evidence it keeps asking can Russia
be involved in this investigation and
yet are we to understand the basis of
the UK's evidence still falls on the
quote highly likely stance well the UK's
views on this always has been highly
likely that Russia is behind this attack
saying that only Russia has the motives
the means and the record to target the
scruples and moreover as well Moscow has
repeatedly denied involvement with this
offering offering like you said
cooperation on the investigation which
London has repeatedly denied but so far
we know that the chemical weapons
watchdog the OPCW and porton down
haven't been able to confirm the origin
of the nerve agents we have not verified
the precise source but we provided the
scientific information to the government
but you have not been able to establish
a Porton down that this was made in
Russia as I said it's our job to provide
you know their scientific evidence that
identifies what the particular
narrow vision is but it's not our job to
and see where that actually was
manufactured to be clear you're not able
at Porton down to say where it is from
we haven't yet been able to do that
neither DST ELLs analysis nor the opcw's
report identifies the country or
laboratory of origin of the agent used
in this attack and now we're left with
this highly likely stance from the UK
and the u.s. is issuing this fresh round
of sanctions but we haven't seen any new
information come to light here in these
sanctions or thoughts be imposed on or
around August the 22nd in the meantime
the UK prime minister's office has
welcomed the new batch of US sanctions
on Russia the Russian embassy saying it
only wants transparency it still asks
can we please be a part of this
investigation
at the Russian embassy calling these
sanctions describing them as draconian
measures well the sanctions have not yet
been imposed but are already impacting
on the Russian economy with the ruble
plummeting to its lowest since the 2016
crash former US diplomat Jim Tetris
believes the new sanctions that have
little to do with this script our case I
would go so far to say that the US
government like the British government
knows very well that the Russians were
not responsible for this and that this
is a political demand this is designed
to undercut the overtures from the Trump
administration for president Trump to
warm relations with maza with with
Russia and this is a way to undercut
that by making accusations against
Russia that are not only false but
there's no way they can disprove
president Trump would like to have a
good relationship with Russia as a
political ploy to conduct essentially a
kind of a warfare against Russia and I
think the people in the Kremlin know
that I think they know there's nothing
they can do nothing they can say that
would satisfy these demands
you
