now there are concerns social media
platforms are policing what's acceptable
to say and think after numerous accounts
belonging to libertarian and
conservative figures were banned over
alleged hate speech art easily but
rancor takes a look now at what's
considered a violation of tech giants
policies what matters or all of the
stories we hear from all of you about
the impact your connections have had on
your lives you can choose from an
infinite range of topics that interest
you and then easily follow that topic in
the news countries and cultures are
brought together like never before
that was the online world as we used to
know it off-limits to any of those pesky
folks trying to set limits in 2018
you'll be told to hold up if Twitter
decides there's parts of your world that
shouldn't be discovered what if you're
keen to know what someone has to say let
it be former US diplomat Peter Van Buren
you might as well unfollow your
interests the man's profile is shut down
for good because he jokingly wished
someone had eaten the face of his
opponent in a Twitter rant honestly
that's by far not the most offensive
thing you can find online
but what's abusive about showing mr. Van
Buren some support to users who did so
god bans - it's not about me it's not
about the group of us who are band
together I think it's it's a bigger
issue and it's an issue that's that's
raised his head this week people like us
we're not part of the legacy media we're
not New York Times shapers of opinion
we're also allowed to have our say-so if
someone from the New York Times or The
Washington Post puts something up that
we know is false we can refute it almost
in real time that's very threatening I
think for the powers that be this
tendency to want to shut people down if
they disagree with you is very dangerous
it's going down a very slippery slippery
slope towards totalitarianism there's a
word for that see e NS well someone saw
it coming when even perhaps the most
controversial online talking head Alex
Jones was told get out of here
by all major platforms after all they
all have to stick to their own rules and
keep people safe from hate speech but
then even those anti left who kind of
hate Jones went on alert
could it be because they thought someone
would click on their profiles and see a
hold up pop-up Alex Jones a bad guy but
the problem is this once you start
saying that hate speech is a rationale
for banning people from social media you
get into some very very vague territory
I'm no fan of Jones among other things
he has a habit of repeatedly slandering
my dad by falsely and absurdly accusing
him of kill
JFK but who the hell made Facebook the
arbiter of political speech free speech
includes views you disagree with but
there's no turning back when it comes to
the online censorship evolution so I'm
not sure it works like that anymore mr.
Cruz plus people on the Left are
ecstatic bring it on is there call a
definitive and crucial step forward in
the fight against fake knees and fridge
extremism Infowars is the tip of a giant
iceberg of hate and lies the use of
sites like Facebook and YouTube to tear
our nation apart these companies must do
more than take down one website the
survival of our democracy depends on it
the world is getting older and a bit
more authoritarianism itti Democrat has
come up with 20 legislative proposals
for keeping online platforms under a
close watch brace yourself
as you might soon have to say goodbye to
things like anonymous posts or accounts
that can't be tracked down yeah that
covers just two of the 20
well amid all the accusations Twitter is
silencing debate it was actually one of
the few platforms not to ban Alex Jones
who is Ilias report just mentioned was
banned by a host of social media giants
this though has led to Twitter being
criticized for being too tolerant well
in response Twitter CEO tweeted that
Jones hadn't violated any of the
platform's rules we discussed the tech
giant's actions with the former US
congressman Ron Paul
he believes social media platforms are
simply no longer independent that is a
real mix bad to social media in one
sense is a real delight there's a lot of
information out there I have benefited
by it but it originated with a lot of
government assistance and the biggest
role that social networks play is
working with the government and giving
the government the information they do
the work for the NSA so it's a mixed bag
they call themselves private companies
the libertarian says we don't regulate
private companies and and yet it's so
mixed in an empire lies the truth is
treason so
when people blurt out the treason on the
internet it's not like they're saying
something mean and ugly it's it's the
things challenging the status quo is
what they can't stand and unnerves them
so they have to silence people so it's
more likely for an individual like
myself to be silenced because I
represent a challenge to the status quo
but if anybody understands our First
Amendment the First Amendment isn't
there to talk about the whether the
First Amendment is there if for us to be
able to challenge our government but if
we do that now whether it's direct
regulation from the government or
indirectly through social media we have
a real challenge I'm just hoping that
technology can stay ahead of it all and
that we can have alternatives to the
dependency on Twitter and these other
companies that have been working hand in
glove with the government
you
