UK Prime Minister Theresa May has backed
calls from within her party for Boris
Johnson her gaffe prone former Foreign
Secretary to apologise for remarks
comparing women wearing niqabs to letter
boxes writing in his newspaper column
Johnson called Muslim face coverings
offensive Britain's ex top diplomat also
commented on women wearing burkas saying
they look more like bank robbers and
should be asked to remove their veils so
we read Johnson's remarks to people on
the streets of London to see if they
could guess who made them who do you
think would say something like that
racist people Trump Boris Johnson and
Tommy Robinson who jiggle a charm was
actually Boris Johnson what no way oh my
god Tommy I will go with Tommy it was
actually Boris Johnson Oh even a normal
person shouldn't do that person in a
higher responsible position should never
do that how might you choose from Trump
Boris Johnson and Tommy Robert is don't
think it was Boris Johnson it might be
sensible and in public you should expose
your face who do you think could have
said something like that somebody that
didn't think before they spoke well I'll
give you some options Trump
Boris Johnson or Tommy Robinson
sounds like trunk club dude it's
actually Boris Johnson yeah it's
actually Boris Johnson guys not really
professional for him to say that that's
that's a terrible thing to say well if
you were to take a guess
well I believe it's Boris Johnson but
the guy's an idiot so I wouldn't listen
to anything he says that didn't it's
acceptable for anyone to say that
especially someone in that position
that's that's even worse
you
