thousands of displaced Syrians are
returning home as government forces
drive out the last pockets of militant
resistance the country's media report a
special refugee committee is being set
up to to coordinate the process of
resettlement and to help millions of
citizens rebuild their lives although
some news outlets do see the situation a
bit differently as Artesia gajadhar
knopf explains a brutal despot a mass
murderer a children gassing animal the
nicknames the international media tagged
the Syrian President Bashar Assad with
were well self-explanatory as to why 7
million Syrians had fled the country
since 2011 pundits prophesized the
dictatorship must come down before
anyone would dare to go home when we
asked them about President Bashar
al-assad they said they don't want him
dead because that would be too easy is
the Syrian government in fact more than
Isis that has ruined their lives and led
to so much of the refugee crisis they
escaped with their children and a few
possessions but as they cross the border
to safety many also bring their hatred
of the man they blame for leaving them
homeless come 2018 the Syrian army is
one by one we're taking new areas from
opposing factions anti-assad forces once
in charge of the larger part of syria
are reduced to two small pockets of land
and what's that a tide of refugees is
coming home we want to go back we want
to return to our beloved Syria
I want my daughter to have a future she
doesn't have it here we want to go back
to Syria return to our home as for why
I'm going back there is no place like
home we were not happy here thank God
safety and security are back in Syria
and zabadani now we're hopefully
returning home it's not a case of a few
madmen who are for some twisted reason
seeking to return under the regime of a
tyrant according to the Russian Defense
Ministry out of those 7 million that
escaped the conflict more than one and a
half are sick
to come back to Syria now there's more
the path has already been paved for them
the UN recorded more than 700,000
Syrians who returned last year and began
rebuilding their lives
we opened a shop here thank God the
electricity is back and life went back
to normal again I want to fix my house
and leave here and sleep with peace of
mind of course there are millions who
are still too afraid to go back for many
it is indeed the dread of Assad that's
stopping them but those who did and are
returning may very well inspire hundreds
of thousands more to go back to their
roots well la mothe a key from Human
Rights Watch did tell us too that the
people returning home need additional
assistance it's difficult to keep track
of all the numbers of people that are
going back but we do know that some
individuals have returned to government
health territory and the territory that
has been held now by the Syrian
democratic forces the UN forces does
include displace from other parts of the
country as well as residents that were
originally from these areas so some
Syrians are electing to return home
others continue to remain in neighboring
countries and other countries for fear
that they will be caught up in the
conflict or in person persecution by the
Syrian government there is a
constructive rule that the Russian
government and other governments can be
playing and ensuring that conditions do
develop so that more Syrians have
confidence in returning
you
