while one of the most popular
alternative news channels Infowars has
seen a major crackdown with Facebook
YouTube Apple and Spotify blocking all
its accounts and taking down its content
on the same day
Facebook explained the ban as follows we
have taken it down for glorifying
violence and using dehumanizing language
to describe people who are transgender
Muslims and immigrants which violates
our hate speech policies well Infowars
was launched by Alex Jones in the late
90s his YouTube videos have been watched
more than 1.6 billion times which is
comparable to many popular Western media
outlets on the platform many have deemed
him though a peddler of conspiracy
theories in the 2015 interview to his
channel Donald Trump praised his work
though people on social media have
clashed over the issue I don't support
Alex Jones or what Infowars produces
he's not conservative however banning
him and his outlet is wrong it's not
just a slippery slope it's a dangerous
cliff Apple removing Alex Jones and
Infowars isn't some terrible form of
censorship against conservatives he said
Sandy Hook wasn't real he's seen parents
from the school he said the Holocaust
wasn't real he's not just a conservative
he's a conspiracy theorist who hurts
people infowar says it has been banned
by facebook for unspecified hate speech
regardless of the facts in this case the
ability of Facebook to censor rival
publishers is a global antitrust problem
one commentator Gina Logan believes that
the decision could prove damaging for
social media giants whether or not you
agree with Alex Jones I would be just
the same amount of adamant that I think
it's bad policy to ban people no matter
what I mean I really no matter what I
mean in the United States we have a
concept of free speech that we love very
much it means a lot to us now these are
private companies they can do what they
want to do I'm not saying they shouldn't
be able to do this and I'm certainly not
saying that government should regulate
whether or not private companies can
make decisions like this but I am saying
I think it's a bad
and I think that in the long run it will
not pay off for these companies it is an
extremely slippery slope
I do believe ultimately that probably
some conservative entity will come up
with competitive platforms for the ones
that are doing the banning and the
censoring and ultimately they will have
stiff competition that may even relegate
them to you know relative obscurity
because of things like this especially
if they remain so one-sided
you
