thousands of members of the Druze
religious sect and their supporters are
protesting in the Israeli city of Tel
Aviv against the controversial new
nation state law the legislation which
was adopted in July has similar weight
to a constitutional amendment in the US
and would be difficult to repeal now it
enshrines Israel as the home of the
Jewish people and says national
self-determination is the unique right
of the Jews
it also downgrades Arabic stripping the
language of its official status well the
law although largely symbolic has been
widely criticized as it's believed it
will legitimize the treatment of
non-jews are second-class citizens this
Saturday's protest has been organized by
Druze community leaders the Druze has
historically been considered these real
estates most loyal minority with its
members serving in the police the
military as well as holding political
office but they say the new legislation
has driven a wedge through this special
relationship one Druze leader has even
said the law paves the way to Israel
becoming an apartheid state this nation
state law is an evil and sadistic law
designed to allow the State of Israel to
become an apartheid state while some
members of the Knesset including members
of Prime Minister Netanyahu's ruling in
the coud√© party have also lambasted the
controversial law but he's hit back
calling its critics hypocrites and
claiming the law and doesn't infringe on
the rights of minorities
there are suggestions that we should
change the flag and the anthem in the
name of equality festival in the State
of Israel it is something that
undermines the foundation of our
existence this reason the attack from
leftist circles that define themselves
as Zionists are absurd and remove the
depth to which the left has stolen what
we're not ashamed of Zionism we're proud
of our state of it being the national
health of the Jewish people which
strictly upholds in a manner that is
without here individual rights of all
its citizens well we were joined by
guests on both sides of the debate to
discuss the changes to the law this
state belongs to the Jews and of course
all these citizen but it is the homeland
State the homeland of state of the Jews
why anybody would protest against this
democratic decision that has been made
by the majority of any population in any
state and I know I look on the flags of
Europe flags which and we speaking about
flags our our our signs and symbols in
this state you can find so many states
with the cross on the flags nobody
objected the the states surrounding us
are Islamic States
nobody protest against it why is this
wave of protected protest is is made
against the Jewish state is that the
only democratic state in all this region
may you answer me this question please
well the whole thing is going to
traverse about the this law there is
nothing good actually about this law
this law in first place doesn't includes
elements which is essential for having a
proper and normal life in this country
as in there's more almost 20% of the
society in Israel is not Jewish and in a
way it's transferred all those who are
not Jews to a second-class citizens and
after this law and that's
we're for this law doesn't suit the
Israeli society doesn't see those
communities within the states who are
part of the society and want to remain
and to feel as Israelis and therefore
this law has to be removed
you
