rahil's family forced her to marry a
cousin in Pakistan her husband only
married her for visa purposes eventually
they ended up with two daughters and
after some miscarriages her husband
forced her to go through IVF treatment
so that they could conceive a boy when
she eventually felt pregnant her husband
said that if she was having a girl than
she would be having an abortion babies
continued and the male child was also
subject to abuse after the wedding in
Afghanistan her husband beat and raped
her back in the UK she was forced to
work full-time to support the visa
application she fled when her family
tried to get her to sign the visa forms
but they must have forged her signature
as her husband is now in the country now
she's a refugee and her rapist is in the
UK the revelations contain data on 88
people who tried to oppose the spousal
visa
however only half were addressed by the
UK government campaigners against forced
marriage claim the authorities are
turning a blind eye to the issue because
they don't want to be accused of racist
or religious bias and as I said sure
Connor spoke to one victim pedophiles
rapists murderers terrorists who are
saying why they're coming in you know
the victims we don't want them here in a
troubling number of cases girls raised
in the UK are being taken abroad by
their families and forced to marry
they're then told they can't return
without their husbands sometimes they're
even forced to get pregnant to make it
easier for the father to then join the
family back in Britain I'm a British
citizen I was born in this country and
I'm bad a stalker at 17 and
I was held captive and I was tortured
because I was seen as damaged goods
I was then taken to India where I
enjoyed an exorcism and then I was
brought back to this country where I
tried to commit suicide in a homeless
shelter and then I was forced into
marriage and after I was forced into
marriage there was dairy abuse after
five months of sheer hell I was then my
families finally took me back and then
they were organizing a second course
marriage for me and they said nobody in
England would have you now so we're
gonna have to bring someone over from
India on a visa there was lots of offers
coming over from India that there were
people waiting to come over for a visa
to use me as a ticket but I actually ran
away from home and I was threatening
suicide sunny who was disowned by her
family as a result considers herself
lucky she managed to escape when many
others are still captive campaigners
have called this the equivalent of
modern-day slavery and are calling on
the authorities to do more to tackle the
problem what is the scale its massive
its massive individual Charities report
thousands of calls a year to their help
lines the problem stretches far and wide
affecting middle eastern Asian Afghan
Kurdish Iranian and other communities
living in the UK for smash became a
criminal offense in Britain in 2014 in
England we've only had two criminal
convictions and yet we see thousands of
people reporting that is
disproportionate so why are people too
afraid to prosecute too afraid to take a
stand our ministers are politicians and
speak out against this part of that
reason I fear has everything to do with
the fear of offending communities the
Home Office classifies these as
reluctant sponsor cases while describing
itself as the world leader in tackling
the horrendous crime of forced marriage
there are a number of reasons why cases
are referred to the forced marriage unit
not all of which are the result of a
reluctant sponsor getting in contact in
some cases it will be decided following
inquiries that no further action is
necessary and the visa will be issued if
an individual refuses to act as the
sponsor for a visa application then
under the immigration
rules that visa should not be issued
those campaigning to highlight the
problem disagree accusing the
authorities of knowingly allowing
criminals into the country in these
cases the victims themselves reported
they didn't want this person to come to
the country and yet still what the data
tells us under a Freedom of Information
requests by the journalists was that
these visas were still allowed so we had
these people living in Brazil now as a
result of our victim being forced into
marriage the UK Home Secretary has now
announced launching an investigation
into the handling of these cases but
charities have been getting horrific
stories of young women forced into
abusive marriages for the sake of UK
visas for years unless I see a turkey
now RT London
you
