u.s. security intelligence chiefs have
pledged to protect democracy in a rare
United appearance at a media briefing in
the White House they attempted to
reassure the American public that
they're actively working to protect the
upcoming November midterm elections to
Congress from foreign interference
predictably
Russia was named as the main threat
without again any evidence being
provided our democracy itself is in the
crosshairs pain by Russia to try to
weaken and divide the United States this
threat is not going away to prevent
foreign interference in our elections to
prevent Russian and other foreign
influence and the Russians try to hack
into and steal information on candidates
and government officials alike
cyberattacks against voting
infrastructure along with computer
intrusions malicious cyber actors
targeting elected officials that goes
beyond the elections that goes to
Russia's intent to undermine our
democratic values we've heard the head
of the NSA come out and say that the US
government is prepared to engage in
special operations to counter Russian
influence in the upcoming elections now
Dan coats the Director of National
Intelligence he was pressed to give
specifics related to allegations
regarding hacking and and other specific
allegations about somehow Russia
possibly influencing the election this
is how he responded can you give us a
better sense of who specifically is been
targeted we know at least two senators
have said that they've been
targeted by hacking or white people in
personating government officials is it
members of the Senate members of the
House is it Democratic and Republican
campaigns we follow a procedure that's
been agreed on some time ago in terms of
it when we received this type of
information it is processed through the
leadership of the respective House of
Chamber Senate chamber and then
disseminated down to the individual
member who was who was targeted so we
have taken that action that is in place
but I'm not in the position right now to
release those names these allegations
that we recently heard are not that
different than what we've really heard
many times since the 2016 presidential
election especially in the last few
months
Russia is accused of somehow influencing
the minds of American people via social
media however as these allegations are
being leveled not a lot of evidence is
really being presented to back them up
this is new rhetoric and actually it
doesn't seem to be based in reality I
have to say they're gonna blame Russia
for whatever happens in the November
elections whatever goes wrong whatever
problems we have its Russia's fault
there are no racial divisions there's no
inequality of income there are no
problems in this country except the ones
that are made by Russia
this is ridiculous what's going on here
they have to use something to deflect
criticism from their own rulers their
own rulership
this is absolutely getting out of
control right now I have not seen it
like this before and it's getting more
and more dangerous when you think of the
relations between two superpowers they
don't want better relations with Russia
they want to push this line and they yes
there's a war between Trump and his
intelligence
well simultaneously with the
announcement Congress also introduced
its own aggressive measures against
Russia with a new bill it calls for the
Secretary of State to assess whether
Russia is a state sponsor of terrorism
it also calls for creating a new fusion
Center which is set to respond to hybrid
threats from Russia among those
provisions the law requires at least a
2/3 vote on any attempt to leave NATO
political commentator loool Rockwell's
told us the objective he thinks is to
forge a united front
against Moscow they want to get
everybody on board
you saw that they had all the heads of
all the various agencies and they want
to get every interest group they have
the you know the military and of the
entire military-industrial complex
the security complex all they're waving
the bloody shirt they produced zero
evidence and that's you know that's been
true all along about the so-called
Russian interference Russian collusion
all that stuff they want to get
everybody together they want to scare
the American people
you
