with the u.s. midterm elections approach
to the issue of cybersecurity 'he's come
once again to the fore in Washington the
Senate Intelligence Committee is held a
hearing on how to best counter Russia
and other countries in their alleged
attempts to interfere in America's
domestic affairs that's all just a day
after Facebook took down Facebook and
Instagram accounts which it said aim to
influence voters Kellett mopin explains
more Russian information warfare in our
own backyard after election day the
Russian government stepped on the gas
the Russians in this case and others see
us as a cheap date the Russian activity
seeks to turn the normal differences of
opinion among Americans into headlines
about unbridgeable political divisions
the Russian government came into the
house of the American family and
manipulated us as you might suspect the
story goes on the same way we've heard
it many times before essentially Russia
is accused of encouraging controversy in
the United States around issues like
immigration guns racism and all kinds of
other things a cyberattacks remaineth
were made a core part of Moscow's
Arsenal content is created tested and
hosted on platforms such as YouTube
Reddit and Pinterest it's pushed to
Twitter and Facebook with their standing
audiences and the hundreds of millions
and it's targeted at the most receptive
this is a problem of the entire
information ecosystem this is cross
platform reddit confirmed hundreds of
IRA created accounts tumblr did it well
one thing that's lacking in this report
just like in so many other similar
reports is any solid actual evidence
can you estimate the number of Americans
touched by Russian linked activity in
this area no that is very difficult to
do and I'm concerned that even after 18
months of study we are still only
scratching the surface when it comes to
Russia's information warfare in their
effort to influence the American mind
apparently the Kremlin has one very very
powerful weapon a lot of pride pride
related content less news more memes
isn't just a couple of platforms this is
music apps this is video games this is
memes sharing it's much broader than
Twitter and Google in the portrait that
the testimony painted on Capitol Hill
you essentially got the impression that
Americans Minds are very easily
manipulated that all it takes to
influence the way Americans think about
world events and politics is to give
them a video game on a computer or a
meme to look at and all of a sudden
their minds are changed now repeatedly
during the hearings we heard members of
Congress expressing frustration with the
American people saying that they were
angry that the Americans weren't just
listening to what they called the good
sources and and we're instead listening
to other other news outlets other other
voices expressing different views from
there we also heard a call interestingly
for classes on media literacy to be
given in American schools so that
Americans can know what news outlets
they should be listening to and what
news outlets they should not be
listening to there is a need to build
resilience and target populations
this will include long term effort to
implement media literacy training and
integrate such training into classrooms
very interesting it was quite a day on
Capitol Hill the idea that memes and
video games and whatever they're
pointing to could have any significant
influence in our democracy is frankly a
joke this makes no sense at all you know
you look at the United States that has
Hollywood right
films that have amazing influence in
every country in the world whatever
these memes were video games pale in
comparison to that type of cultural
influence that the US has
you
