well yeah I'm Max Keiser welcome to the
cosna report and prepare to be
enlightened well we're gonna continue a
bit on this whole United States of
inequality and the preparation as we
head into the midterms because a lot of
data is now coming out about the 2016
elections there's microdata them New
York Times came out with and it's really
quite interesting but one thing I really
noticed and this goes with the data I'm
gonna look at this billboard this tweet
says Colorado billboard replaces Oh in
GOP with Soviet hammer and sickle and
this is from a Democrat a resistance
hero and he is posted this in Colorado
and I responded to that with this tweet
and yet with this command-and-control
monetary policy and state subsidized
banking system and mortgage market it is
the US which is far more communist than
the Russian Federation even the IMF
agrees as we had just recently spoken
about in our on kaisers report where the
IMF had said well actually the Russian
economy and monetary policy is way
better than us policy
oh yeah well can I talk about your
theory about data versus ratings go
ahead honey this is your show okay but
before that let me just comment that
I've been saying this for quite some
time that the US and Russia are two
ships passing in the night
with America becoming more Soviet like
and more Gestapo Stasi like and Russia
becoming more free market like and we're
seeing that trend play out now in 2018
in a big way but to the idea of data
versus ratings so the people who put up
billboards like that are part of the
core Parsi they're part of Comcast's
minions on MSNBC who seek ratings by
sensationalism and propaganda the other
side of the political spectrum the Trump
camp uses data they just look at data
and that's how they wanted 2016 that's
how they're gonna do great in 2018
that's how they're gonna win in 2020
because they're not ratings driven Trump
is data driven and so until the
Democratic side figures out to look at
the data
hillarie spent billions on data and
famously chose to ignore it
she thought her instincts were better
than the data and that's why she lost
we'll get into that in another episode
but I do want to mention that the
Democrats are the ones that enabled the
oleg appellees that enabled Google and
Facebook to capture such a large share
and not basically break them up via
anti-monopoly antitrust laws so they're
the ones that allow them to collect so
much data and yet that's part of the
reason why I think they have this sort
of mental breakdown where they have
become the Republicans of the 1950's and
now in fact what the data the actual
results of 2016 show is that America's
factory towns once solidly blue are now
a GOP haven a generation ago Democrats
represented much of the country's
manufacturing base now it is in GOP
hands a swing remaking both parties the
Republican Party has become the party of
blue-collar America this is from The
Wall Street Journal and they say after
the 1992 election 15 of the 20 most
manufacturing intensive congressional
districts in America were represented by
Democrats that was during the Clinton
era today all twenty are held by
Republicans the shift of manufacturing
from a Democratic stronghold to a
Republican one is a major force
reshaping the American economy it's and
politics so this is Bill Clinton's it's
the economy stupid and it's very
interesting oh it's a quadratic phase
shift and let me explain that more yeah
you know the Democrats versus
Republicans Republicans used to be the
party of Wall Street and big business
and the Democrats were labor under Trump
Trump as a Republican is now the party
of rebalancing the global economy and
getting into trade Wars and fighting for
Main Street fighting for the worker the
Democrats now are left with fighting for
Wall Street and monetarism and money
printing and the Federal Reserve Bank
and Lawrence Summers and all the group
that Robert Rubin deferred to when he
came into office instead of fighting for
the individual the debtor remember
Obama bailed out the creditors they
bailed out Wall Street and now Trump is
doing the opposite so the worker senses
this and supports Trump
so again 2016 was a radical break from
history this is partly why there's that
breakdown and what's going on with the
conspiracy theories on Comcast cares
MSNBC there is a breakdown you have to
anybody from objectively could see that
there was a break there was a break in
the working class the working class is
now in the GOP remember those areas
Hillary called bucket of losers and
baskets of deplorable z' well those sort
of insults worked for her precinct data
shows rich white neighborhoods flipping
democratic in 2016 will it last
Republicans have been the party of the
rich and Democrats the party of the poor
for about as long as political
scientists have collected data on
American elections that might not be
quite so true anymore at least among
white voters Hillary Clinton won the
nation's richest and most exclusive
neighborhoods by a wide margin in the
2016 presidential election according to
an upshot analysis of election results
from Ryan roja of Washington State
University and census data and Donald J
Trump fared significantly better than
Mitt Romney and the white districts that
were the least affluent and least
educated so again you always think of
the very very wealthy and this is any
households above $250,000 income they
basically voted for Hillary Clinton and
this used to be the classic Republican
voter but now they're a Democratic voter
so whatever happened something radical
has happened and it's and the radical
results were most apparent in 2016 right
well Trump is took a calculated risk he
knew he saw that this enormous
constituency of workers and the
disenfranchised were underserviced
by their long-standing party the
Democrats and knew that by co-opting
Bernie Sanders policies he would win the
election because he knew Bernie would
beat both Trump and Hillary so I said
you know what they're good right they're
gonna throw Bernie overboard I'm gonna
take this calculated risk I will be
Bernie you know Sanders with crazy hair
and I'll win the presidency and he was
absolutely correct you know as far as
this GOP madness and the Democrats
having the Red Scare you know I did see
some courageous behavior by Hollywood
liberal elites like Alec Baldwin who has
come out and said that any money made on
this movie mission of possible in
distributed in Russia he's going to give
that to charity any of the money made by
distributing this film mission of
possible out Paul was gonna give his
portion to charity wait a minute that's
not gonna happen because he's a freak
well speaking of Red Scare here is the
district-wide detailed map of America
and this is from the New York Times
they've just collected all the data it's
taken two years from since the election
to gather all the data so you can see
all the deplorable zand losers and make
up much of the country according to the
Democrats according to MSNBC according
to CNN according to Hillary Clinton
lovers those people are losers here are
the the blue areas I want to focus in on
North Carolina this is where we're not
in the deplorable and losers apparently
Hillary Clinton thinks we're winners
so we're in the blue area there but yeah
the breakdown they also showed unique to
2016 election versus other elections was
that there were basically they each won
by landslides in their respective
districts whatever the county district
they won by a landslide which suggests a
more polarization hyper hyper
polarization on an hyper partisanship
that is getting worse and worse and more
and more determined and the New York
Times analysis suggests that that's even
beyond gerrymandering it's like the
opinions are forming in this it's
changed a lot since the 90s of course
when Rupert Murdoch entered the u.s.
with Fox News Fox News won the ratings
race by hyper partisanship and MSNBC
naturally followed so
MSNBC has they're competing conspiracy
theories to fox news's
conspiracy theories and as hyper and it
all sorts of studies have shown is once
you embrace a conspiracy theory is no
amount of facts in fact if you are
presented with facts to the contrary
that prove disprove your wacky
conspiracy theory you're more likely to
believe it even harder so I think we
have these two competing conspiracy
theories there they're very popular
there I mean that's how Alex Jones has
had so many millions of viewers and
dedicated listeners throughout the years
is if you have a conspiracy theories
people love it and they will just keep
on tuning in to get it confirmed over
and over and it's that explains Rachel
Maddow yeah she's got her conspiracy
theories trying to grab Alex Jones's
market and Alex Jones is being phased
out of social media because Rachel
Maddow is the chosen one
she's the conspiracy theorist that we
must all listen to but you know the
point about Murdoch's a good one because
Murdock represents the age of big media
ratings driven political manipulation
that's fading yes and Trump is really
the new era of data driven artificial
intelligence driven political policy
driven want driven by tweets tweets in
social media this is part of the Barack
gets cut out Murdoch gets cut out so
does MSNBC and I think that's part of
the reason why the likes of Rachel
Maddow are so you know vocal about
getting Facebook and Twitter to shut off
the voices that they don't like to hear
in their heads yeah well put and then
we're all living with this now also I
want to quickly turn to another headline
from the UK and this is UK household
debt worse than at any time on record
Brits are living beyond their means like
never before 2017 each household spent
or invested about nine hundred pounds
which is one thousand one hundred and
eighty seven dollars more than they
received on average which is 25 billion
dollars in total according to an ons
article published this week Britons were
previously net borrowers in 1988 the
height of the credit fueled economic
boom generated by the Chancellor of the
Exchequer Nigel Lawson but even then the
shortfall was just three hundred million
pounds here's the financial position of
UK households the chart and since the
financial crisis and since the bailing
out the bank's sin
the basically free money for the top the
socialism for the top and their their
unfettered capitalism for the bottom
well it's led to the only way to even
sustain and the data also shows that
these people these people aren't like
living the high life they're basically
borrowing and credit cards they're
buying their food paying their rent
paying for electricity on their credit
cards right so austerity measures that
were brought in simply means that the
government was gonna go into debt but
the consumer did you know the consumer
is suffering well we had a guest Steve
keen on Kai's report and he did he did
predict this would happen that as soon
as the government stopped spending that
the household would have to start going
into debt instead exactly whether or not
it's stable I don't know but it's only
throwing gas on the fire you know the
the UK is like the e use appendix you
can take your appendix out of your body
and the body continues on it's just an
appendage so this is what people don't
understand is that the UK leaving the EU
the EU continues on great but if you
take the appendix out of the body it's
just gonna wither and shrivel and die
because it has no body to exist anymore
and this is what's happening in the UK
and it's gonna be a lot of fun to watch
because there's been living beyond their
means for so many years now and now it's
all coming home to roost Jeremy Corbyn
anyway we got to take a break and when
we come back a lot more coming your way
don't go away
welcome back to the Kaiser report I'm
Max Keiser time now to go to Niceville
Florida and speak with Carl Denninger of
a Market Ticker
that's a market - ticker dot-org Carl
welcome back thank you for having me on
max Carl denature the corporate media is
up in arms about Trump's trade war with
China any visitor to your site market -
ticker dot-org will see that you however
think it's not necessarily a bad idea
how can a trade war be good Carl well
when you have trade that hasn't been
free for a long time but you've been
selling it to people as free then making
it actually free fair and open is
positive and if you have a ten percent
tariff going one way and ten percent
tariffs going the other way that's free
and fair right I mean you know it's
everybody everybody's equal the only
reason we've had the kind of trade
imbalance we've had the United States
over the last thirty years whether it be
the the PNTR that was granted in China
or whether it be NAFTA is because
corporations have exploited what amount
of slave labor environmental destruction
policies and other countries which you
can't get away with in the United States
we were told when NAFTA was passed that
the $4 an hour hourly labor cost for
manufacturing Mexico would rapidly rise
to near parity with the United States
and that ours might come down a little
bit maybe from $30 an hour 25 but then
there's would rise from four to 25 and
here we are a couple decades later and
the hourly labor cost for manufacturing
labor in Mexico still four dollars an
hour so obviously that was a lie and the
same thing is true with the Chinese
although now China is even seeing some
pushback and so now you're seeing labor
you know I mean how much clothing is
made in China right most of us made
places like Bangladesh and Vietnam
because China actually got too expensive
for them so they want 50 cents a day to
sew clothes instead of you know three
bucks so I mean this is this is nothing
new in correcting this though is a good
thing
the other thing you have to remember max
that goes with this is that it is always
most efficient from a operational
perspective her business point of view
to manufacture things close to the point
of consumption because shipping is not
free and so the only way that this does
not work out that way
is if you're exploiting somebody
somewhere so if I want to consume a car
in Mexico I would be best advised to
build that car in Mexico I'm going to
consume a car in China I'd be best
advised to build it in China
I want to consume a car in United States
so be best advised to build in the
United States and that same thing is
true for the components and parts and
whatever have you the only time that's
not true is when somebody's getting
screwed and so what we've had for the
last 3040 years is a lot of people
getting screwed a lot of people that
have been getting screwed because of
their jobs have been displaced have been
Americans I get that point you know that
the US has been able to outsource its
environmental degradation and you know
capitalize on what have effectively been
slave wages now a Trump in office this
is reversing and now we're seeing a lot
of reversals out there we're going from
quantitative easing the quantitative
tightening we're going from
globalization to I think what you could
call d globalization if in fact Trump
keeps down this path and goes after
completely different trade relationships
with countries like China what happens
domestically to the US I mean some say
that okay the cost of building factories
here in the US would actually be
compatible with China is that part of
the mix going forward will we see more
factories being built here because it'll
be more competitive Carl yeah you will
but you're also going to see some some
rather interesting things happen to
margins and this is of course why you
have so many people screaming about this
you look at Apple for example they make
iPhones they get about a 40% operating
margin making light in terms of gross
selling price versus cost part of the
reason it's 40% is because the screws
that go into the frame internally are
made in Malaysia by people that are 50
cents a day
they're slaves they're brought over
illegally and then essentially have to
pay bribes in order to stay in the
country and so those screws cost much
less well what happens if you stop all
of that abuse and you bring that labor
back in the United States if Apple could
charge $1,200 for an iPhone instead of a
thousand they'd be doing it right now
if GM could be charging six thousand
dollars more for a car they'd do it
right now I mean that's what capitalists
do right you charge as much as you
possibly can given the realities of the
market so if you stop that what happens
is Apple still charges a thousand
dollars for an iPhone but their margin
on the iPhone goes from 40 percent to 25
and that has a really interesting effect
on their stock price
it sounds like inflation so you know
that that is obviously not been
discounted in things like the bond
market you know we can see how that's
gonna play out going forward but I want
to kind of skip along here to some other
points in the news get your thoughts on
it the GDP numbers came out last week
and the US economy is allegedly growing
at over 4% what's your thought there no
it's not in the last 12 months June 30th
the June 30th the United States Treasury
emitted approximately 1.3 trillion
dollars in new Treasury bonds that's
money into the economy the GDP expanded
by approximately 1 trillion dollars
during that same period of time all of
the 1.3 trillion immediately went into
the economy and got spent so you have to
subtract that off the GDP expansion and
when you do that we actually had a
negative GDP number but of course nobody
does this that scam has been going on
for a very long time and you have
minutia and Trump and Larry Kudlow you
know we won't get into what I think of
him I want to say how wonderful this is
but the truth is is that it's not that
the country has been running a negative
GDP number in terms of actual real
output for a very long time and it's
continuing to do so because if you have
some number of units of cars and TVs or
whatever and you double the amount of
currency or money
that is flowing around to buy them you
haven't changed the amount of outwards
by one bit and yet GDP will double
mathematically okay so you you have to
state GDP in some kind of SI unit that's
not subject tampering like this like
hours of effort or joules of energy
I like joules of energy myself but
nobody likes that because that would
expose the truth and so these numbers
are all smoke and mirrors and can you
make them go up on any definite forward
basis you know there's somebody within
the administration was running around
saying that we could see 8 or 9 percent
numbers
well sure run a three trillion dollar
budget deficit and you'll see a nine
percent number but then does that mean
that the economy's actually expanded at
nine percent no it just means you put
the money in this system this is the
point we've discussed in the past the
the numbers that the government
publishes are smoke and mirrors in a lot
of ways and don't give a true picture
one number and one trend that does
resonate with the population is this
wealth and income gap the fact that so
much more wealth is concentrated at the
very top and people feel that they see
that and they don't necessarily need to
look at the numbers to try to figure
that out they'd see what's happening in
the wake of this we're seeing a trend
which is new and powerful
it's called democratic socialism so
politically speaking you've got
candidates now on the left wing of the
left party who are making waves with
this democratic socialism so it's tied
to the economy Karl in other words the
numbers are nonsense it's numerical
propaganda but people know you know they
feel however that they're getting
screwed so now that politically they're
resorting to voting for socialism your
thoughts well they're voting for getting
screwed more I mean you know look just
take Bernie Sanders you know Medicare
for all premise that he has would put
over two trillion dollars a year into
the federal budget where's he going to
get the money and the answer is he's not
the reason that you have this problem
and what's mastered for all these years
is the trade deficit when you know doing
the Obama years you ran a
trillion-dollar trillion-dollar deficits
essentially as far as the eye
see and in Trump last June to this tune
has run 1.3 in real deficit not what
they report the 600 billion but the
actual number if you look at debt to the
penny that's the number all right so
when you do that the only way to you
avoid that showing up immediately in
places you don't want and having the Fed
react to it
is to export it to places like China but
when you export it to places like China
through a trade imbalance what you've
exported is the jobs so the people get
screwed one way or the other which way
would you like to get screwed would you
like to have prices go up would you like
to lose your job I mean if you lose your
job you have no money so yo tell me what
the difference is we have to fix these
imbalances structurally within our
economy and turning to people like
Cortes who can't even answer the
question where are you going to get the
cash to put these programs into place
you know we do the baby bubble thing
that at that point
same thing with Sanders so I mean am I
surprised that the people are saying hey
you know we're taking it in the chute
and we don't like this we're gonna vote
for something else well okay fine but be
careful because what you're voting for
is to swallow a grenade okay tick to
your point on the are you willing to
lose your job a lot of people we're
willing to lose their job because prices
for stuff slave made in China was
cheaper and they had the illusion of not
having their standard of living collapse
but now it seems as though the big cycle
is reversing and we're seeing some
action in the stock market and I want
your interpretation of this because
you've got Facebook and Twitter plunging
20% or more today Facebook
lost 119 billion dollars in market
capitalization in one day that's the
biggest hit in market history so the
so-called Fang stocks seem to be rolling
over you know eventually Karl there's a
price to pay for smoke and mirrors and
for massive money printing and for non
accountability and so are we at an
inflection point in the stock market or
is quantitative easing gonna be come
back to save the day again and as Dow
40-thousand Karl know you're not gonna
be able to do that because without the
trade deficit if
was to try to do that you'd have $10
gallon gasoline in about an afternoon so
that's that's not going to happen I mean
you know you want to talk about minosa
teas burning and the the outbreak of
true unrest if the Fed was to try
something like that you could get a
result like to have an Argentina
Venezuela obviously either those is a
good thing
so I don't see that in the cards at all
what I do see is a shift of production
back into the United States I see
margins coming back into where they
ought to be I see a lot of the
smoke-and-mirrors companies COFF COFF
Amazon COFF COFF that by the way has a a
you know a cross subsidization model
that I argued for a long time is
blatantly illegal yeah Facebook which is
which makes all their money by selling
data on you so that your insurance
company can screw you out of another $4
free car insurance these these kinds of
models will collapse and so will the
value but if you think about it max who
does that hurt that hurts the guys you
know that that's the income inequality
problem right
Zuckerberg loses you know twenty billion
dollars in a day a G that helps income
inequality right he's rich as he was
before so if that kind of thing goes on
and he kind of a you know a realistic
model frank length of time it actually
benefits things especially if production
comes back the united states and now the
common person has a job right in other
words Wall Street is the big loser going
forward and Main Street could be the big
winner and that's the way markets go
Carl denature thanks so much for being
on the Kaiser report thanks for having
me back my pleasure and that's gonna do
it for this edition of the Kaiser report
what's me Max Keiser and Stacy Herbert
like to thank our guest Carl denature of
market - ticker dot-org the place to go
for data analysis and get that nice
ville Florida vibe if you want to catch
us on twitter it's Kaiser report until
next time bye y'all
