the United States is to slap sanctions
on two Turkish government ministers over
the detention of an American pastor
there he's accused of being involved in
the attempted coup two years ago let's
go live now to Washington correspondent
Samira Khan hi there Samira yeah it
looks like relations between these two
NATO members remember are at rock bottom
what's happened well Washington
sanctions target two Turkish officials
number one be Justice Minister Abdul
Hamid Ghul and the interior minister
cilium on solu the White House explained
the decision saying that they did not
find any evidence implicating pastor
Bronson calling him a victim treated
unfairly by the Turkish government but
what do the sanctions entail exactly
well Sarah Huckabee Sanders explains
check it out any property or interest in
property of both ministers within US
jurisdiction is blocked and US persons
are generally prohibited from engaging
in transactions with them for some
background on Brunson he's an American
pastor who was detained in 2016 under
suspicions of having links to the
movement who orchestrated the coup
against air21 in 2016 he was held for
twenty months 21 months in prison until
he was placed under house arrest amid
u.s. pressure now are the two sides
didn't mince their words the u.s.
threatened Turkey with sanctions and
Turkey responded saying that they
wouldn't bow down to any threats and to
President air21 and the Turkish
government I have a message on behalf of
the President of the United States of
America release pastor Andrew Brunson
now or be prepared to face the
consequences we will not bow down to any
threats it is unacceptable for the
United States to use a threatening
language against turkey using an ongoing
court case as a pretext u.s. Turkish
relations haven't been so strong lately
over the Syria conflict Turkey's a
weapons dealer missile defense deal with
Russia as well as Iranian sanctions so
we'll just have to
see if turkey does indeed retaliate in
Washington DC breaking down the story
for a Samir account
you
