Austin's equity office reviewed in fact
all of the city's property on whether it
has any ties to the Confederacy and they
came up with a whole list of street
names and monuments that should be
changed or removed although changing the
city name is not likely to happen
anytime soon as it seems to have been
given only a medium priority now the
controversy here lies with the city's
namesake Stephen Austin the father of
Texas was Secretary of State
of the New Republic in the 19th century
but he was a prominent slavery advocate
and even infamously said if slaves were
emancipated they were turned into a
menace
he had slaves as well but back to today
naming the city after the state founder
is common sense says media relations
consultant and local resident John
Griffin you've got this push in Texas to
try to you know be careful not to offend
anybody but Texas is offensive because
Liberty is offensive the fact that Texas
is named that its capital city is named
for the person that started the colony
in Texas that became the state that's
common sense
the City Council here in Austin has made
a few a few very bad decisions like
banning Ober so the City Council would
rather waste taxpayer money on frivolous
ideas like this then actually doing real
work
you
