UK media are reporting that the
Manchester Arena bomber was rescued from
war-torn Libya by the British Navy in
2014 three years before he carried out a
terror attack at an ariana grande pop
concert the atrocity left 22 people dead
and dozens more injured with the details
here's Polly Boyka
well according to media reports here in
the UK three years before that deadly
attack in Manchester Salman Abady had
been rescued by the British government
from Libya it was part of an operation
to rescue British citizens he was taken
aboard a Royal Navy ship and taken to
malta from where he reportedly then got
a flight back to the UK and he'd have
been rescued by the British government
even though he had been under the
surveillance of the domestic
intelligence agency here that's mi5 now
in terms of a baby's background he was
born in the UK but two Libyan parents so
he was a British citizen but in 2011 a
baby's parents moved to join the
uprising against the government of
Muammar Gaddafi and his father was
thought to have been fighting in a
terrorist group called the LIF G the
Libyan Islamic fighting group and Abady
was thought to have sort of shuttled
back and forth between the UK and Libya
for a number of years but he was thought
to have been in Libya in the summer of
2014 and at that point the civil war had
got increasingly violent and so British
officials made this offer to evacuate
British nationals from the country
that's how a Bedi ended up being rescued
and by the time of his rescue mi5 had
stopped monitoring him and the
implication therefore is that he was
simply considered safe to return back to
the UK that was reiterated to us by the
mo D today in a statement they told us
that sort of the government inquiry into
what led up to the Manchester attack it
found
the decision to stop monitoring AB ad in
2014 was found on the basis of the
information available at the time and
although they didn't mention a baby by
name in this statement to us they did
confirm that the operation to rescue
British citizens from Libya in 2014
took place during the deteriorating
security situation in Libya in 2014 but
the force officials were employed to
assist with the evacuation of British
nationals and their dependents and I
think what the government has been keen
to point out is that that decision to
close the case on a baby in 2014 based
on the information they had at a time
the point they're making there is that
no one could have known back then that
upon his return to the UK he would go on
to start this sort of downward spiral of
radicalization that would culminate with
that horrific attack at the ariana
grande concert in Manchester Arena last
May
you
