the UN secretary-general has raised the
alarm over a major shortfall in the
organization's budget Antonio Guterres
has sent a letter to member states
urging them to pay up we're running out
of cash sooner and staying in the red
longer cost primarily by the delayed
contributions of member states to the
regular budget this new cash shortfall
is like this we have experienced
previously and I can speak now - Stefan
de Jerez spokesperson for the UN
secretary-general very good evening
Stefan thanks for for coming on to speak
to us this shortfall we're talking about
how serious is it for the organization
well it's it's serious and it's of
concern to the secretary-general this is
not new every year we go through periods
where we're running low on cash and
that's really due to the fact that
different countries pay different times
due to their budgetary cycles this year
however we've we are running out we're
running low on cash earlier than sooner
and we're staying in the red longer so
the secretary-general wrote to Member
States asking those who haven't paid to
pay their dues in in full
we have about 112 countries that have
that have done so but obviously we're
waiting for the other 81 we would like
for them to pay their budget use in full
you said it's a normal state of affairs
for them to be delayed in making the
payment is it unusual though for the
secretary-general to have to contact
them and remind them I think it's it's
been done before the secretary-general
took the step of writing to staff
members as well to make sure everybody
understood and everybody understood this
but the situation was as I said this is
an increasingly worrying trend you know
we don't work like a we don't work like
a government we don't have the ability
to but to control our income flow and
expenditures as well as as governments
so the Member States set a budget but
then we have to wait for them to
actually pay the cash for
to actually go through and implement and
pay for the expenses of that budget do
you have any idea why things taking
longer this time round you know that's a
question you'd have to ask the member
states they don't usually give us
explanations obviously public finances
throughout the world we understand
sometimes or it can be tough we you know
we work we're publicly financed we are
intergovernmental organization but this
is this is a trend that may may impact
our ability to deliver on some of the
mandates of the Secretariat so that's
why we're that's why the Secretary
General sort of raised this flag at this
point sure I mean if the money isn't
there you you can't spend it I'm sure
everyone can understand that is there
any particular area of your program that
could be vulnerable no we're looking
right now at how to limit expenses that
we can control whether it's travel or
irregular budget
regular budget expenditures so I don't
want to create any any alarm obviously
you know the the way the UN is financed
is somewhat complex there are
humanitarian work is financed separately
from our regular budget and for that we
have to appeal also yearly on a regular
on a regular basis of the work we do in
Syria and Yemen
that's financed from another mother pot
which itself is also underfunded so what
we're talking about is really the
day-to-day work of the Secretariat do
you fully expect all the countries you
haven't paid yet to pay up in full is
there any kind of record of that not
happening well you know every year there
are a few countries that are unable to
pay because of a state of war civil war
and that's something that we expect
that's really a usually a very limited
it has very limited impact because we're
not talking for about a lot of money
we do expect all of the Member States to
pay up in in full and hopefully on time
but you know we we have no there are no
sticks here on on the part of the
secretary-general it's really a plea for
Member States to live up to their
obligations
and if I understand this correctly
Washington is that the biggest
contributor to to the budget what do you
make of Donald Trump's decision to cut
the amount of funding the US has not cut
the amount of funding to the regular
budget of the UN the u.s. scale of the
u.s. portion is set through the scale of
assessment which is agreed on by every
country so there you know the US has cut
back in some other countries have on
certain programs but we're talking here
about the Secretariat's budget the US
has not cut its budget the u.s.
traditionally pays later in the year and
that's been the case for for a bit over
a decade because of the fiscal of the
way the fiscal year works in Washington
is that is that something that you will
be discussing with the u.s. the the the
scale that they pay on the amount you
know this is not a u.s. problem this is
an issue that really impacts this is
about 193 member states and their the
the fact that we need them to pay up
sooner if possible and on time and
anybody watching will will understand
your needs that money how can you know
you don't you have no punitive measures
do I understand this correctly so it
really is just an appeal to them to
speed up the process there's nothing you
can do about it
no there's no punitive measure I mean
the only punitive measures sort of speak
are the ones that the member states
themselves can impose not the Secretary
General and if a country doesn't pay its
dues for I believe I think three years
they could lose their voting rights in
the General Assembly but that's a
separate issue the Secretary General
himself has no punitive measures to to
invoke it's really a an appeal a kind
appeal but a very loud appeal Stephan
appreciate you taking the time of the
clarifying situation for us my guest
Stephane dujarric who's the spokesperson
for the UN secretary-general thank you
you
