so this is the tear gas a drone that
fires we just woke up from inhaling and
suffocating tear gas I think it's gonna
throw you guys one more time buddy all
the tear gas canisters and despite all
the live ammunition the Palestinian
protesters continued to protest and are
still very very close to the fence
participating in the great march of
return this is not the first time they
have been facing this violence and
physics as a force but they have been
witnessing this for more than 18 weeks
now most of the injuries today have been
injured in the upper part of the body
where most of them are in the chest in
the stomach in the in the end the head
and this is one of the injuries that was
shot with live ammunition from the
Israeli snipers that said the
Palestinian Ministry of Health stated
that most of the injuries today are from
live ammunition this is an protest that
was killed in his chest and people are
saying that he's a shot killed it's very
dangerous for us to be here but despite
everything we're still here covering all
the Israeli violence against the
Palestinians more live ammunition we can
hear live ammunition and more injuries
are coming from the frontline the
Israeli military said it responded in
accordance with the rules of engagement
they view their actions as a defence of
the border accusing Hamas which runs the
Gaza Strip
of using protests as a cover to breach
the border now the protests at the Gaza
border have been ultimately continuous
now for almost four months people are
demanding a return of territories they
claim historically belonged to Palestine
you
