the US Secretary of State has just
landed in Turkey where his meeting with
the country's government to discuss the
investigation into missing journalists
Jamal Haji his previous stop was Saudi
Arabia where he was assured by Riyadh
which is implicated in the case of
cooperation in the probe they made a
commitment to to hold anyone connected
to any wrongdoing that may be found
accountable for that whether they are a
senior officer official they promised
accountability for each of those persons
whom they determine as a result of their
investigation as it deserves
accountability the Saudi side again
strongly denied any knowledge of what
happened to hash OG after he visited
their embassy in Istanbul yesterday a
nine hour Turkish led search operation
was conducted at the embassy access was
finally granted 15 days after the
journalist was last seen following the
search turkish president are the ones
that investigators were looking to the
possibility that traces of toxic
materials had been covered up by
painting over them the missing
journalist was last seen entering at
over two weeks ago the case has
attracted intense global media scrutiny
what happened to missing journalists
Jamal khashoggi the disappearance of a
Saudi journalist the disappearance of
Jamal Hajji who killed Jamal keshavjee
missing writer Zamalka shogi meanwhile
actor Mark Ruffalo widely known for his
role as the Hulk superhero says the
Saudis deserve condemnation for
something other than the Hadji case
namely what he calls the atrocities
committed against Yemen every day and
he's apparently not alone in trying to
refocus that debate how do you think
President Trump should respond if it's
proven that the Saudis were behind his
disappearance if not murder one of the
strong things that we could do is not
only stop military sales not only put
sanctions on Saudi Arabia but most
importantly get out of this terrible
terrible war in Yemen led by the Saudis
you
