hi I'm Max Keiser this is the Kaiser
report well it's time once again to
check in with Stacy you know max you and
I have been covering this story of
private equity hollowing out some of the
remaining businesses in America things
like Toys R Us or all these retail
outlets they hollow it out you know buy
it with loaded debt loaded up with debt
steal the pensions and run away and the
whole deindustrialization of America and
financialization well you know there
have been one group of people kind of
immune from this and that is the state
workers the federal employees certain
firefighters policemen they have some
guaranteed pensions guaranteed by the
state so if it if the returns are not
good enough of course the states just
raise taxes and I make sure that these
guaranteed pensions are met well it
turns out it's looking pretty bad
Wall Street managers have cost Americans
more than six hundred billion dollars
over the past decade over the last
decade fund managers who oversee the
pensions of the nation's teachers
firefighters police and other government
workers have doubled down on an
investment strategy that has cost us
taxpayers at least six hundred billion
dollars possibly more than a trillion
investment data and calculations by
Yahoo Finance found and guess why who
did they turn the money over to private
equity and hedge funds oh yeah well as
we've said many times on this show
pensions fun or where risk goes to die
in other words Wall Street takes risks
they make bad bets they put a lot of
these bad trades into what's called an
error account I haven't mentioned the
error account in a while but every
brokerage firm has the error account
wherever you make a bad trade you you
something goes wrong you stick it in
this error account where it's not
accounted for on any financial
statements officially and then
eventually some pension funds somewhere
ends up and getting that trade and they
backdated and they stick it in with a
lot of other garbage and the pension
fund managers are typically kind of
underpaid low level people that don't
really know much and remember Robert
citron famously was the
manager and I think was Orange County
that was a very famous case of somebody
who is a complete idiot managing this
huge fund that that's generally the case
in the industry they they purposefully
put people who are morons into these
jobs so they can easily steal from these
pension accounts but part of the problem
has been that they charge huge fees to
manage it and they have they don't
outperform the market so this is how
they get sold seeking higher gains
pension fund managers have upped their
investment in so-called alternative
strategies that are costly and way down
returns quote we find that some of the
worst performing plans are those that
went into alternatives late in the last
decade said Jean Pierre Aubrey a
research director of the Center for
retirement research at Boston College
which studied the impact of investing on
into alternatives on public pension
funds they don't outperform the market
had they just invested in Vanguard index
fund those for years and years they ever
since John Bogle
you know invented the index fund over
there at Vanguard it's been
outperforming every manager in any
significant time period five-year
10-year 20-year and this is an
undisputed facts occasionally a hedge
fund or a private equity fund will
outperform the market for a year or two
but over five years ten years they never
a perform the market any pension fund
that's not invested in a passive index
fund like a vanguard No Fee fund is
going to underperform the market and
though that those those are just
basically as night follows day if the
facts of the case nevertheless these
pension fund managers continued by them
because because they are able to charge
such high fees against other pension
funds other state employee pension funds
they can afford maybe flash ear shoes
and clothing and and fly private jets
and you know the pension fund manager is
so impressed and they order you know two
thousand dollar pension fund manager is
picked by the Wall Street crook that is
going to be investing that pension fund
money okay that's just the way it you
know they're not the pension fund
manager is not an innocent bystander in
all this they're placed in that role by
these crooks to buy the crooked bag of
worms from the crooks okay now if the
teachers fun
the environments fun and the police fund
they want to get a real return on their
pensions and they want to wise up they
need to get you know make sure the
person running their fund is actually
nobody just put it into an index fund
well remember their pensions are
guaranteed so they don't care right the
participants in it as it says
alternative funds invest in things like
hedge funds private equity real estate
or commodities rather than traditional
stocks and bonds because pensions are
guaranteed the underperformance has hit
taxpayers in the form of budget cuts for
schools hospitals and libraries and
decreased spending on infrastructure
health care okay where did all this see
this type of guarantee was in this
savings and loan crisis of 1980s we see
it in the current crisis to them 2008
banking crisis where the banks were
guaranteed to get bailed out by Barrack
Obama in the federal government and even
though they made horrible loans and they
made horrible decisions they got bailed
out not the debtors so savings alone
crisis there's a government guaranteed
insurance program for deposits that was
abused by the famous five but the
Keating five during that era now the
pension funds is guaranteed returns that
there's being abused by the crooks
they're using the guarantee to shovel in
a lot of toxic garbage and that is
ending up is it guaranteed no because at
the end of the day lot of these pension
accounts are not being cut back people
who think that they had a pension are
being told it's being run out you don't
have a pension anymore you're now flat
broke you have to go out to the street
and beg for money go to get addicted to
heroin we don't want you anymore
drop dead okay in a private sector when
the pension goes bust because of Wall
Street charlatans it goes bust and
everybody loses their money the
participants in the private pension
scheme here it's Chicago or California
California guarantees a pension of say
two hundred thousand dollars a year for
the local policemen well if if the
pension fund fails to return that amount
of money they just raise taxes on other
people to pay for that pension so here I
want to say Albury study shows that
across the board public pension fund
managers have thrown increasingly more
money at these complex and pricey
alternative funds despite the fact that
they consistently underperform simple
index funds available for a fraction of
the fee of the cost part of the reason
why they do that is because on paper the
the fancy you know private equity or
hedge fund is promising we could
probably get you returns of 10% a year
so that because of the hollowing out of
the previous hedge fund guy you know
they need that 10% they need to show
their members that they're gonna get 10%
the index fund will only guarantee
basically the market you'll do as well
as the market which might be four
percent right I get the point that the
sort of private fund so can't go
bankrupt however as you point out it
ultimately it does end up bankrupting
people in the sense that they impose
austerity being pote they raise taxes
they force people they can't afford
health to give health care to people
people end up on the street destitute
and dead right so it's it's just a the
difference between crime on the street
and crime on Wall Street is that a
criminal on you know knocks over a
liquor store is doing so in real time
they shoot a guy they steal the money it
takes 20 minutes with Wall Street
they're patient they'll steal your money
over years Bernie Madoff stole money for
years and years and years the sec knew
about it on three separate occasions he
just did a year after year after year
wal shoe because it's a slow drip of
criminality it's a slow drip they steal
slowly out of your pocket it's a
slow-motion theft right people think
it's not happening and yet there they
are
pensions bust dollars no good feds
over-leveraged etc so they state
employees by the way become participants
in the cycle of fraud upon the other
taxpayers because the alternative
investment fund managers promise higher
returns they sell the pension fund
manager in high returns and thus sold on
flashy promises of high returns those
high assumptions allowed the employees
to make not as high contributions scott
Kuby chief investment officer at
financial management firm Carson group
told Yahoo Finance they're trying to
find a way to catch up because they
haven't covered the liabilities I don't
know if that ends particularly well but
so if you're told that here mr. fireman
or mr. policeman or missus police
officer you know you don't have to
contribute as much as you did last year
because last year we were in index fund
and this year we're going
move to a hedge fund flashy hedge fund
guy he flew here in a private jet he's
obviously doing very well but he's
promising you that his returns are gonna
be higher and therefore you don't have
to give $500 a week towards the your
pension fund but you can retire in the
same amount but only give 300 a week so
you have 200 more in your pocket this
week they're gonna say yeah go with the
private equity guys like people are
stupid you know that movie that came out
about the theft that went on during the
subprime crisis and it documented the
big short right so here's like it's a
documentary practically of how bunch of
bankers got together in robbed Americans
blind for billions of dollars and now
people know me I cover finance right
they come up to me the question asked
him to me every single time if somebody
comes up to me goes hey master you saw
that that movie to make sure right let
me ask is it true like what the
conspiratorial is it yes sure you're
being robbed blind everyday what are you
gonna do about it well nevertheless data
shows that public pension funds are
going even more and more into it I do
have to say the hedge funds and the
private equity these alternative
investments did do better only during
one period which was the financial
crisis 2008-2009 because they have more
shorts they could do the big shorts
rather than the index fund so they do do
better and a very look at the veteran
that they lost money at a less
accelerated rate than the overall market
for a short period of time
that's not doing better that's just mean
drowning slower so the the gap the the
six hundred billion dollar gap comes
from not only their fees but also their
their performance the nation's pension
fund returns have also been hit by fees
hook study found that state pension
funds paid on average fees totaling
point five six percent of assets held to
fund managers during the ten year period
how the nation's collective pension fund
managers invested in the 6040 Vanguard
balance index fund for example which
carries a point zero seven percent fee
they would have saved a hundred and
fifty billion over ten years
so the returns were five hundred billion
dollars less just on their performance
the pension fund performance investing
by a private equity and hedge fund was
5500 billion over the past 10 years just
based on stock picks versus an index
fund and then another hundred and fifty
billion worse off based on the fees they
paid for that worst performance but
anyway the pensions of the teachers and
the firemen the police because you're so
stupid you're gonna have to work another
15 years okay
no no no they won't the taxpayers that
pay them force to work now because your
you take responsibility for your actions
I'm burdening us all you're working on
the ten years get back on the on the on
the patrol car flatfoot no they're gonna
be subjected to ten more years of Kaiser
report don't shoot me don't shoot don't
shoot go to your pension manager and get
a real one freaking idiot blue lives
they might matter but they're gonna be
bankrupt all right well we're gonna take
a break we'll be back right after this
important break welcome back to the
Kaiser report I'm Max Keiser time now to
go to Mitch Firestein upon upon z.com
Mitch welcome great being here now won't
they name one of those newly discovered
planets planet Ponzi you can buy that
you can have a planet named after you
janitor is it a star star only a star
alright and then I'm thinking of my real
estate on the moon too sure have you
thought about naming a star or some real
estate on the moon after your book I
think that certain equities and certain
bonds and certain real estate properties
are priced as high as the moon yeah it
sounds about it like market looks like
keeps going higher and higher
I mean what's happening it's all
evaluation if you can buy stocks back
and pay yourself gazillions you know
borrow money from the Fed for free or
borrow money at zero interest rate zero
interest rates and rebuy it buy your
shares back the shares go up and you get
a gigantic bonus right so isn't that
work it works until it doesn't so right
you know like you saw Netflix yet
recently had their earnings announcement
and so the stock dropped 60 dollars in
in a second right you know that's a big
problem if you if you have a big
portfolio of something like that if
you're prepared for that kind of wild
ride and volatility you know you buy a
stock that has
no free cash flow no earnings but the
price keeps going up so just for those
who might not follow that exactly let's
just walk through it a little bit cuz it
is interesting so if you're an executive
at a company and you have options to buy
that stock and the options were given to
you for free and then you can borrow
money from the Fed for essentially free
and buy back your own stock and then the
stock price goes up and therefore your
option value goes up and then you cash
out those options into the public
marketplace and you're just printing
money for yourself billions and billions
of they won the lottery mate yeah that's
exactly right so the way that it works
the simplistic way to explain this is
you your pay is based on the stock
performance so if the stock goes up you
make more money so you don't care if you
cannibalize future earnings you don't
care if you cannibalize or fire the
employees with you know with to make you
what you want to do is try to make that
share price go up by any means and
buying stock back is the most certain
way to do it okay now there's one part
of that equation let's look at it more
closely borrow money from the Fed for
near-zero haha now interest rates are
creeping higher they're now at
multi-year highs ten-year eyes across
the yield curve as it's called you're
getting 2% 3% on various fixed income
instruments so is this a secular move up
in rates or another head-fake it's a
head-fake
and it were not anywhere near
normalization normalization is about 6%
and we're far far from that we'll never
get there it'll cut interest rates
before we get even close to that because
we're about to head into a recession if
we're not in a recession now the the
other thing about you know the share of
buybacks the biggest problem with that
is you know what happens is the stock
prices keep going up up up and up but
you know you're not going to have any
kind of growth in terms of job creation
or in terms of moving the company
forward so basically it's going to
atrophy and die and you'll have a lot of
zombie companies that are being
supported by these ultra-low artificial
interest rates corporate debt has never
been higher there's never been more
corporate debt issued now when people
have to have a resetting of like the the
loans for all the real estate and
property that we have out there these
resets are coming due in the next three
years a lot of the
poor debt is rolling over I don't know
who's gonna buy it and I don't think
that there's a infinite demand for this
paper and the high-yield paper
especially you've seen a great gap
between where high-yield papers trading
and regular paper and I think you're
going to see people start to shun
high-yield which could be the beginning
of the next crisis which what we're
seeing in emerging markets it could be
the linchpin you see in Venezuela
hyperinflation you see Argentina
defaulting on those 500 year bonds we
talked about and laughed and said
anybody who buys there should be fired
now they're going to the IMF begging for
money you know the whole Davos thing was
a total scam where the the person in
charge of the let me jump in here so now
you know you talk a macro talking global
Trump is now into his trade war he's
talking to China talking to Russia
so walk us through how you see that
playing out this trade war there's
tariffs a lot of people were you know
shrieking that this would be horrible so
far it does not look horrible looks like
the smart thing to do in some quarters
or what are your thoughts well I look
you have a lot of the globalists want
one global government to rule everything
and I'm not so sure that we're that far
away from that right now I mean with
what's going on with the European Union
I mean Italy has four trillion dollars
in debt that they can never repay and
you've got a government that came in
that said well what we're going to do is
we're gonna restructure that debt which
that that's a signal that we're not
going to pay that debt back if you look
at target 2 or you look at the amount of
withdrawals from the banking system in
Italy for the past three or four months
it's alarmingly high so this indicates
that first of all all those banks in
Italy are insolvent they are stuffed to
the gills with worthless Italian bonds
that are backed by nothing but Mario
Draghi or the European Central Bank's
promises ok so who's going to be left
holding the bag this time Cyprus is the
the model for sanctioned deposit
confiscations that's why the Italians
are pulling all their money out of the
banks because they know that these bonds
are going to default eventually and
what's going to happen Cyprus being a
bail in versus a bail out so bailout
would be like in 2008 where the
government prints trillions of dollars
and gives to the banks to bail them out
a bail in is when depositors get there
money ripped out by these organizations
that what happened in Cyprus so you're
saying it only takes it they say
anything over a hundred thousand euros
you have on deposit we're keeping so if
you have that you see that playing out
in Italy I think I see that playing out
everywhere I think eventually when the
banks fell next time in the United
States as well I think that people are
at risk because the FDIC which is a
Federal Insurance deposit Corporation
only has a minut fraction of what
they're supposed to have I mean they
could never never ever if there was a
systemic banking failure honor the
obligations they have to ensure all the
depositors funds the IRS recently got
approval just within the last 24 months
to seize people's passports if they feel
that they are in arrears on their taxes
for as little as $50,000 and initially
there was no action now in the last few
months they've they've seized or
cancelled almost 350,000 American
passports so is this the IRS now it
would be similar to what you're saying
they're simply seizing people's assets
the debts are there as you point out
that debts have never been higher the
interest on the debt is now climbing all
the accounting tricks are have been
burnt out on Planet Ponzi right and so
now they're just out rights taking
stealing grabbing assaulting folks well
there's a couple things here like I say
in my book don't take my word for
anything I have in here okay I walk you
through the numbers and I use the
government's own data so by my by my
calculations and by other's calculations
our debt the United States debt is
probably somewhere around 250 trillion
dollars off balance sheet items well is
it no not just know they're not off
balance sheet items not including off
balance sheet items well I'm talking
about Social Security Medicare Medicaid
and a host of other entitlement programs
that the government is legally included
in their official no bat unit 20
trillion or 21 trillion that we have
they don't they don't include that
that's like saying what are your
liabilities and you tell me what your
liabilities in your assets are and you
exclude the five million dollar mortgage
you have on a property that's worth of
all the liabilities it's clearly binding
obligation hundreds and it's two hundred
and fifty trillion probably which is
what three times or four times global
GDP so I mean this is a ginormous amount
so this is why interest rates if they go
above four percent it makes it
technically impossible for the Treasury
to service the amount of debt that they
have that's why I'm concerned about the
rollover of corporate debt and
high-yield debt coming due in the next
two to three years okay so a planet
Ponzi they drill or on clean a trap they
drill for money by going they drilled
negatively into negative interest rates
that's that's the drilling that goes on
a planet Ponzi right which is another
form of wealth confiscation right so
three forms of confiscation we've
identified in the last few minutes
number one would be this IRS money grab
number two bail-ins by banks taking
depositor cash number three negative
interest rate correct so there's a whole
array of institutionalized money
grabbing techniques that are now being
rolled out globally and people of course
are being disenfranchised as you know
San Francisco is now knee-deep in human
feces because of the economy has gone
bifurcated to the point of dysfunctional
cut early and so is there any end to the
drilling down into Planet Ponzi money
grab by the corrupt government and banks
well you know look if you see what's
going on the most glaringly obvious
problem we have is the diversion that
we've got the four DS divert deflect
deceive and deny so they've got this
whole thing with Trump going on in the
media it's Russia Russia Russia
everything is Russia Russia Russia
there's no evidence there's nothing and
what they do is just put this on the
airwaves they don't tell everybody about
the the dire financial circumstances
across the globe right now and we're
about to fall off the end of the
precipice and of course like they've
done with everything else they'll blame
that all it's going to be the pump II
dumpy Trumpy you know they pump the
markets up people all the smart money is
dumping all the equities at these prices
and then they're gonna blame Trump so
pumpy dumpy Trump II is the buzzword
buzzword of the day a good t-shirt I
mean Ponzi what don't be Trumpy there
you go I mean that let me ask you a
quick like 30,000 feet looking down
at the numbers does this or does this
not make sense Trump said in recently
that he is concerned about funding NATO
particularly with Germany involved in
NATO while they simultaneously are
selling are getting gas from Russia
right so the money is going to NATO
directly to Russia but the purpose
ostensibly for NATO is to defend these
European countries from Russia that's
the purpose right supposedly is that a
correct assessment I mean you're a money
manager you're in big business finance
what does that make sense tell us about
it here's what I think about that look
NATO was a really good thing after post
World War two when there were a lot of
Cold War tensions going on in the 1950s
and 1960s how much has the world changed
since then and really you can push a
button in and the world do you really
need to the military-industrial complex
is pulling all the strings in Washington
there is a deep state we've established
that so this is what happens these guys
want war war is big business
look at Boeing shares look at Lockheed
Martin shares look at all those military
industrial complex shares they've gone
they've skyrocketed so these guys want
to keep themselves in like Flynn so all
right so in other words the NATO is
lived its purpose and I think it's got
to be modernized resources yeah I don't
think America should be picking up 91%
of the tab especially with Germany like
laughing at it so you know Germany's got
to pick up some of the tab the other
countries need to pick up some of the
tab I mean that's only right I mean do
you want your taxes to go to pick up
German no but my thought is this that
with Trump in South Korea and and
pulling troops out of South Korea
there's fifty eight thousand troops in
Germany that's part of NATO and the
whole Mideast Fandango right and he
mentioned during the recent press
conference after the summit that Putin
Trump were deep into the Israeli Middle
East equation so the Trump looks on
Americans balance sheet you mentioned
our huge debt sees 50 cents of every tax
dollar going to the Pentagon right and
he says you know what I can cut that
laughs if I simply pull out of Germany
pull out of South Korea and finally
solve the Middle East confine Bango
I'm gonna save 1.5 trillion dollars in a
year right I mean and lose what I'm not
gonna lose anything
the real problem max and nobody's
focusing on this and people eventually
pick up on it but china owns washington
and china is the military threat china
is the threat china is the threat to
america Russia's GDP is under two
trillion dollars around two trillion
dollars China is the biggest competitor
from a military perspective and from a
trade perspective the US has that's what
the focus on Washington should be but
China's not an ideologue I mean there
it's all about cutting deals they're not
like you know it's not about Chairman
Mao anymore it's about making bucks
I don't think China can be trusted at
all and I think that there's a huge
problem with China's economic data and
the way that they've pumped up their
economy with printed money all right we
got to cut it off there Mitch thanks so
much for being on the Kaiser report well
thanks for having me and that's gonna do
it for this edition of the Kaiser report
with me max Kaiser it's tastier like to
thank Mitch Firestein of Planet Ponzi
that's where we all live if you want to
catch us on twitter it's Kaiser report
until next time bye Oh
