or the EU and the u.s. have agreed to
work together towards cutting import
tariffs in a bid to prevent a trade war
between the two allies
although tariffs are currently still in
place of course Trump tweeted a picture
of younger kissing him on the cheek
saying that the country's love each
other well the EU had previously said it
would not negotiate with a gun to its
head though it seems now to perhaps of
softened its stance we have identified a
number of areas on which to work
together we work towards zero tariffs on
industrial goods that was my main image
Trump told me last week jean-claude you
are a brutal killer it is the first time
that work Sundberg has become a threat
to the United States of America he meant
I think as a compliment even though I
cannot be sure so now we will also
impose import tariffs this is basically
a stupid process the fact that we have
to do this but we have to do it you can
also do stupid we also have to be this
stupid under the new agreement the two
sides will seek to cut or eliminate
import taxes trade barriers and most
subsidies in addition that you you will
expand its imports of US liquefied
natural gas and certain food items in
May the Trump administration slapped
hefty tariffs on steel and aluminium
coming from European countries the EU
responded with three billion dollars
worth of tariffs on US goods
well Max Keiser host of Arty's the
Kaiser report says Europe has bowed to
US pressure the Trump just rolled over
jean-claude Juncker and get a
concessions almost immediately the
answer is yes well as jean-claude
juncker is a surrender monkey he came to
DC and he surrendered the white flag was
waved and he gets nothing and it's gonna
he needs to get used to this because
this is going to happen every few months
he's going to have to surrender more and
more and more the the US is in the house
America is back jean-claude juncker
obviously at the EU is used to being
kind of a very slow-moving lethargic
bureaucrat with no accountability
whatsoever he's not
acted he will say anything but generally
that means nothing the deal is not the
the ink on the contract has to dry for
us to say that there is a deal
you
