Germany's domestic security service has
raised the alarm over a growing
right-wing extremist movement the
country's interior ministry says there
are more than 16,000 so-called citizens
of the Reich in the country the movement
rejects the modern German state and
prints its own passports and currency
more than 1,000 of them own firearms and
Germany's interior minister says a
number of them are prone to violence
since a wall organizer told they are
very diverse ideologically and in terms
of organizations but 5% of them can be
considered extremists what breaks Berger
and extremists have in common is their
obsession with weapons the same report
also claimed that nearly 800 of the
country's citizens are Islamists and 170
of them are in prison authorities say
the increase brings new challenges but
that the country's agencies were strong
enough to deal with it a member of the
German Left Party we spoke to believes
there's a direct link between the rise
of the far-right and Islamic
radicalization the threat from we have
just seen the rule which has killed
multiple people over a span of multiple
years and the ease of the intelligence
service apparently didn't notice
anything it's the fault of angular
Merkel and her government
for importing Islamists yet understand
most of the Syrian refugees are not
radical Islamists but some are important
even mark those radicalism terrorists
into our country you've probably heard
reports that Germany wants to take some
of the white helmets from Syria what are
those people what are they gonna do in
Germany Joanne said did you
questions about this
you
