Donald Trump is considering revoking the
security clearance of several former top
intelligence officials the White House
press secretary said they had been
making political and financial gains
from the information they had access to
but the announcement didn't go
unchallenged no I think you are creating
your own story there isn't the president
doing exactly what you just said the
president doesn't want all these people
doing politicizing matters of national
security by going after his political
enemies people are politicizing agencies
and departments that are specifically
meant to not be political and not meant
to be monetized off of security
clearances six people were named
including former heads of the CIA FBI
and NSA most of them are known for being
critics of Donald Trump's policies the
officials themselves say if their
clearance is revoked it won't really
change anything the security clearance
has nothing to do with how I or any of
us feel about the president I don't get
briefings I don't have access to any
classified information it's frankly more
of a courtesy I don't go back for
classified briefings won't have any
effect on what I say all right
former US intelligence officials have a
history of speaking out once they leave
office caleb Maupin explains the former
heads of US intelligence agencies are
now dabbling in politics the fired FBI
director James Comey just advised the
Democrats to steer clear of socialism
Democrats please please don't lose your
minds and rush to the socialist left
this president and his Republican Party
accounting on you to do exactly that
now this comes just after his recent
tweet in which he said that the only way
to support American values was to go
Democrat all who believe in this
country's values must vote for Democrats
this fall
policy differences don't matter right
now history has its eyes on us
now James Comey fits in with a big cast
of characters these are former
intelligence officers who are now
telling us what we should be thinking
about politics I know we're not Nazi
Germany
all right but there is a commonality
there and a fear on on my part that we
have standards we have to live up to
having some understanding of the levers
of power that are available to a
president if he chooses to exercise them
I found this downright scary and and and
disturbing there's a big question first
of all in terms of those who are on mr.
Trump's national security team whether
they can continue to serve in good
conscience an individual who basically
betrayed his nation now it hasn't always
been like this former CIA top boss
George Tenet became a private investment
banker he left the public eye after
leaving office and former FBI director
Louis pray he launched a private
consulting firm here's why it's kind of
a big deal it turns out that former
intelligence officials usually keep
their security clearance he's John
Brennan monetizing his security
clearance he's John Brennan making
millions of dollars they filed in
secrets to the mainstream media with his
attacks on Donald Trump so even after
leaving office they've still got power
and connections that they could use to
further their agenda intelligence so
whatever happened to a quiet retirement
now in the epic of Trump a new force is
emerging former top spies we're turning
to political activism Kayla bobbin RT
New York editor of defense and foreign
affairs magazine Gregory Copley says
that in any other country such behavior
would be considered treasonous what
we've seen lately in the past two years
is the situation where people like
Director of National Intelligence
clapper and the like Brennan and from
CIA and and so on have been making
extremely partisan comments
designed deliberately to undermine the
current US government now this is this
would be treasonable under most
governments around the world there are
profound cases of damage to the United
States image to the United States
ability to function in a national
security sense from what we've seen from
this range of officials commenting in
the last 18 months to two years
you
