think it's a horrible thing that you
have a pipeline coming from Russia and I
believe that Germany is going to be
getting 50 60 or even I've heard numbers
of 70% of their energy coming in from
Russia and how can you be working for
peace and working from strength when
somebody has that kind of power of your
country I don't think it's good you're
not working from strike you've given up
all of your strength I think it's very
bad for Germany very bad for the German
people a pipeline will be about 1200
kilometres long it's a multi-billion
euro venture between Russia and five
international companies it runs next to
the original Lourdes Stream pipeline and
will double the amount of gas being
transferred Nord Stream 2 is said to be
fully operational by next year economist
Ike Harma says the project is the best
way for Germany to meet its growing
demand for natural gas this is a matter
of of a great opportunity for Germany to
have another infrastructure that
supplies us with natural gas which is
dearly needed in Germany without being
able to be blackmailed by the countries
in between every American foreign policy
is under the duty that they have to
print a closer relationship between
Russia and Germany but the u.s. is not
in the position anymore to make big aims
because Germany now after the sanctions
and after the knots of polite behavior
of America against Germany we have to
look for better opportunities or other
opportunities and therefore it is not no
possibility at all anymore to separate
Germany or Europe from from Russia
anyway he just wants to be the first he
just wants his companies to make the
deal and make the Europeans especially
the Germans to wait a little bit longer
until the American companies are allowed
to make deals in Russia I think this is
all about he's a businessman
you
