Britain's Prime Minister might be facing
a bigger political crisis than she
expected as a new poll suggests that
many people in the UK don't like the way
Teresa May is handling brexit
negotiations they seem to think her
former foreign secretary would do a
better job
Daniel Hawkins joins us live from London
now Danielle what exactly did this poll
ask then
well it says really a few things
Jackie firstly the scale of polarization
on the issue of break sit in the UK the
rapidly changing landscape of UK
politics as well but fairly and most
importantly from a unity among UK voters
that whichever side they affiliate with
they're not happy with the status quo
and with the way that Theresa May has
been handling this situation the poll
says thirty eight and twenty four
percent respectively of voters would
vote for a part that is either committed
to a brexit all-out or a party and it's
very much on the right that is
anti-immigration at anti-islam on a
personal note for me though only 16
percent approve of the job she's doing
as Prime Minister handling brexit
negotiations with more than twice as
many people preferring to see Boris
Johnson in that role believing he would
do a better job this spells trouble for
her really because she's got very low
ratings in fact one of the lowest since
the previous general election she's been
faced with a series of ministerial
resignations the most public of which
the most out there has been mad at
former Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson
and he certainly didn't want to go
quietly the 18 months that have followed
it is as though a fog of self-doubt has
descended it is not too late to save
Brett we have time in these negotiations
we have changed tack once and we can
change again yeah the problem is not
that we failed to make the case for a
free trade agreement of the kind spelt
out of Lancaster House we haven't even
tried in that speech mr. Johnson did
give some credit to mrs. to mrs. may
personally but he also left
gave him criticism of the way she
handled it saying this risks leaving the
UK in what he called a miserable limbo
there's been speculation for quite some
time that he's been after the top job
not the UK's top diplomat for the job of
Prime Minister he's received
endorsements even from the US president
Donald Trump although given the protests
against the American president's visit
recently not quite sure whether that
will be more of a blow or a boost to his
chances they're given that credibility
nonetheless though mrs. May does find
herself in a difficult position
15% of MPs are required for a vote of
no-confidence that's about 48 MPs and
Tory Prime Minister John Major found
himself in a very similar situation
where he resigned over threats of a
leadership challenge that never
materialized this is very much
psychological pressure for mrs. May and
apart from that the volatility
volatility of UK politics was
surrounding brexit a dark forecast of a
state of emergency from a dominant grief
scene in Tory MP civil unrest described
recently by the head of Amazon Doug and
the SNP saying that a no deal with the
EU would leave the Scottish economy
devastated all these dark forecasts
certainly don't don't reduce the
pressure on mrs. mate now given her
ratings and given the states of current
UK domestic and foreign policy given the
two are so closely linked now with those
breaks at negotiations Daniel Hawkins
reporting live from London thank you
you
