14 people including children have been
killed in an airstrike in Afghanistan in
what was meant to be a military
operation against the Taliban is not yet
clear if it was carried out by an Afghan
or US aircraft arty spoke to witnesses
at the scene a warning you may find the
following images distressing most of the
dead are women and children Afghan
officials say the u.s. said it conducted
airstrikes in the area but had caused no
civilian casualties mard Garcia reports
after 17 years denial its propaganda by
the enemy foreign troops are our friends
and we don't target civilians US forces
did conduct strikes and on-the-ground
assessment of those strikes reveals no
indications they caused civilian
casualties Taliban propaganda they
claimed with an on-the-ground assessment
to prove it who can argue with that
almost sounds like the results of a
scientific experiment would have helped
of course if that actually visited the
place the Americans never visited this
area and I am witness to this National
Defense Forces visited the area to check
at first they wouldn't let us dig out
the dead and injured foreigners didn't
visit this area they are lying a
delegation came here from the local
governance and security officials okay
so if you take the locals all of them at
their word
it's the Afghan army that lied to the
American troops it wasn't until the
neighbors relatives erupted an outrage
that authorities admitted to potential
civilian deaths even the UN is on the
case so what actually happened the
Americans were standing 500 meters away
they could easily see that civilians
were around
a few minutes later they began bombing
the area and killing people
I saw the bombardment with my own eyes
the Americans first used artillery they
bombarded my home and my arms home
without giving us a chance to flee then
they used a big bomb and we felt like we
were in hell all around us was covered
by gunpowder and dust my sister and all
my family members were unconscious first
they shell the area with artillery when
aircrafts bombarded it with three bombs
there are 12 dead and one wounded we dug
out the victims from the rubble with one
missing
we found the hand and shoulders and a
few other parts of one martyr and buried
him the victims the house owners wife
daughter-in-law three daughters four
grandchildren two sons and more
difficult to spin them as enemy fighters
even with the Pentagon's notorious
guilty until proven innocent casualty
counting mechanism and locals survivors
don't have a lot of faith in justice my
expectations are that they will tell us
it was all our fault and our sin and
they'll prove that there were Taliban
fighters here this is not the first time
they always kill civilians and never
give us a chance to speak up so that
they can say that they killed the
Taliban no no I've seen no one help the
family I have lived here for a long time
during chaotic times and now and they've
never seen anyone given aid Kunduz
province which is partly controlled by
the Taliban has a history of airstrikes
going astray in 2015 when the US hit
Doctors Without Borders Hospital killing
42 the Pentagon denied that at first
until eventually Barack Obama himself
had to apologize in November last year
when a UN investigation found that the
US had killed ten civilians in a
different air strike again
denied it even offered a thorough
investigation and again eventually ended
up apologizing in a response to a
request from RT NATO repeated its
statement that no civilian casualties
resulted from US airstrikes adding that
they anticipate details from an Afghan
investigative team in the coming days
anti-war activist Richard Becker says
it's business as usual for the u.s. well
I think that there's been hundreds and
hundreds of such incidents in
Afghanistan every single time we hear of
one of these incidents like this latest
one in Kunduz we hear all they were all
terrorists at first and then someone
goes out media go out and they
interviewed the villagers and they say
no they were just villagers and then the
military says well we'll conduct an
investigation and then it's off into the
ether and very little ever happens no
matter how terrible the atrocities are
but this pattern happens over and over
again and no matter what kind of
apologies or excuses are given then it's
repeated and it's repeated and repeated
over and over again
you
