newly-released US government documents
show that the FBI suspected that one
time trump campaign advisor Carter page
had close ties to Russia the documents
were released after a Freedom of
Information Act request from a group of
media outlets documents cover the
reasons for wiretapping Trump's former
aide the FBI believes that page has been
collaborating and conspiring with the
Russian government there is probable
cause of such activities involved or are
about to involve violations of the
criminal statutes of the United States
it's not clear from the heavily redacted
documents exactly why Carter page should
have been put under surveillance while a
former Trump aide himself says the
accusations against him are a complete
joke this is so ridiculous it's just
beyond words it's just so misleading
going through there's 400 plus page
documents you know where do you even
begin it's literally a complete joke and
it only continues it's just really sad
president Trump says the FBI and
Department of Justice misled the courts
to obtain a warrant to spy on Paige he
also says that the claims of collusion
with Russia are fabricated the documents
do reveal though that Carter Paige had
lived in Moscow for three years and in
2016 they allege he met with senior
Russian officials to discuss the
sanctions on Moscow and compromising
information about Hillary Clinton they
also showed that investigators have been
looking into Paige's possible
connections with Russia since 2013
long before Donald Trump was named a
presidential candidate political
commentator Gina Loudon says there were
insufficient grounds for the
surveillance placed on Carter page there
has been nothing no one
indicted no evidence whatsoever of any
sort of collusion you know the media has
started to conflate meddling and
collusion those are not the same things
this is shocking to watch as an American
perhaps most of all shocking to watch
how some on the left and in the media on
the left are not even shocked because
they should be because this isn't like
America the way they're treating this
president FISA warrants should be the
hardest thing in the world to obtain for
the American government to spy on a
private American citizen should be the
absolute most difficult thing ever
certainly a fake Russian dossier should
not be a vehicle to a FISA warrant but
since we're talking about this the thing
that I think that everybody forgets
who's looking at this is the motivation
for the story that the left keeps
telling makes absolutely no sense when
you consider all of the disconnects that
exist in this story and the fact that
there's zero evidence zero indictments
based on anything even close to
collusion
you
