the minister also dismissed the former
Dutch colony Suriname as a failed state
due to ethnic divisions refugee groups
and politicians alike have expressed
dismay over blocks remarks bloc not only
offends people that look like me but a
whole national history and identity this
is unworthy of a government official
Minister bloc is undermining efforts by
this government to make joint agreements
in Europe on the proper reception of
free Fiji's my block has apologised for
his remarks saying that they were meant
to spark discussion and did not offend
we put the issue up for debate with
independent journalist Luke reveille and
UN coordinator on minorities Mohammed
circle he says things which are informal
unfortunately real is that the
multicultural societies that were
promised as the the perfect 21st century
societies don't work don't function in
the West at least in Western Europe
I think this loss remark is just based
on I'm sorry to say but it is ignorance
of how can societies can bring together
a big example I can I can I can sure I
can we can witness there's the World Cup
the French team for example look the
French team they a French team contains
a multicultural society France beat
another team from a small country from
the Balkans and all the players in this
small team were of the country of origin
so there is no rule to be taken out of
that to meet the multiculturalism that
doesn't function is when you have
communities living next to each other
and not
it is very easy for example for Asians
to to melt and and become member society
but we have some some part of the
population that refuses that want to
impose their culture in the public space
like Islam for example democracy can
only be based on respect respect of each
other culture respect it comes from also
from from not to fear from other people
culture from the other society we import
misery we have a social security system
which is based on the contribution of
everyone and the problem is that the
millions that come to Europe never
participated they never contributed and
they come with families look at the
example of the content of Africa if we
have left Africa alone would not have
seen African migrating to - to Europe if
we have not would not have sucked the
richness of Africa their diamonds their
their gold their the oil then those
people would state in their own country
that would yes yes no no if we have
that's what happened in your result when
they the lost the wealth they tried to
invade the square of these countries and
then they complain why immigrants come
back to Europe because you've conquered
they conquered those country and they
imposed laws they believe come back with
us if you want ice cream a migrating
they asking for the black and the 60s to
come and work in England and same for
the Indian this is not people are how
the choice is this by force is not
choice minorities are welcome when they
are mine artists one it is real invasion
in millions they say no and it doesn't
stop live in England for 30 years in
Europe for over 35 years I believe
because multi cultures has made Europe
as which at this country it's not about
wiping someone else and it's not about
you know imposing someone else cultural
another I didn't see that I would like
to see a really integration more
you
