October will mark exactly one year since
ISIL defeats in their Caliphate
self-proclaimed capital Raqqa and months
after the u.s. coalition's victory
restored or freed of torment the Syrian
city is still not these are the latest
pictures from one of three recently
discovered mass graves these burial
sites contain more than a thousand
bodies there are 300 to 400 bodies in
this mass grave three to four categories
are completely full of dead bodies grief
and despair still has the Syrian city
reeling as relatives time and time again
have to identify their loved ones we
excavated the body of only one of my
sisters the other four remain missing I
don't know where are they buried as they
were buried by my uncle now we're
looking for the uncle to help find them
the majority of the bodies are civilians
mostly women and children our team works
24 hours a day whether a civilian or a
fighter we give the body a number well
this number is over a thousand down and
that's just in the three recently
discovered mass graves a race against
time and a rigged one there more time
passes the harder it is to identify the
bodies as they rot in the ground
nameless families help us identify the
civilians by telling us what the person
was wearing we're by describing a ring
or watch were a tattoo who identify a
lot of bodies through the hair because
it doesn't disintegrate and mass graves
of Raqqa highlight not only isil's
monstrosity but also what rights groups
call America's denial in its
responsibility for the city's tragedy
the Coalition has acknowledged a mere 23
civilian deaths resulting from the more
than 30,000 artillery rounds and several
thousand airstrikes it launched into
Raqqa City the blustery denials are
contradicted by the lived reality of the
hundreds of civilians there even
contradicted by their own partners on
the ground looking at these pictures
it's hard to see an
real recovery from the post-war horror
at all it's even difficult to tell them
apart
and just in case these were taking only
a couple of months ago and these are
back from 2017 us-led forces came
pounded the city with some 30,000
artillery rounds proclaimed victory and
then Washington apparently chose to
simply forget Raqqa the u.s. coalition
caused the destruction of Raqqa and it
has a responsibility to rebuild the city
we need their help with restoring the
water supply in clearing the rubble the
mr. chicken was we were directly
targeted by the coalition after their
reconnaissance craft filmed us it was at
a low altitude it was very clear there
were no terrorists in the area but there
were kids playing in the streets and we
were collecting water the aircraft bomb
using phosphorus it targets everyone it
is not hidden ISIL the coalition is
bombing randomly if you're sitting at
home a bomb may come down on you there
are houses that collapsed on their
residents and they could not get out all
this happened because of the aircraft
the city decayed bodies decomposed
there's even no estimates on how many
more Mars graves are still to be found
thousands of people were killed during
the battle to retake the city many were
buried hastily but also many remain in
the rubbles there are at least nine mass
graves each one estimated to have dozens
to hundreds of bodies I mean it's pretty
hard to make such estimations but that's
what we know the authorities are
struggling to cope with the logistical
challenges because there are many
complicated to conduct exhumations
because there are land mines around
there it is clear from what we have seen
on the ground that the teams that are
working to xima bodies they need far
more training and technical assistance
but until someone answers the police of
Raqqa citizens they must live amid
rubble and stench the stench of
decomposing flesh
you
