what a night in Seville five go thriller
which saw the three lines of England
finally beating a worthy opponent on its
turf Spain to England three but while
Guerra the South gates Legion made their
nation proud some hugely embarrassed it
again the night before the game
part of the 3,000 strong travelling
English fan army vandalized cars and
smashed property in Seville getting on
the receiving end of the probably most
brutal police force in Europe
why-why-why almost every time the
English fans go to support their team
they end up either drinking themselves
to half death like this bloke in Seville
who downed half a bottle of sambuca had
to call it a night early being escorted
on an ambulance car or they chant
far-right or simply idiotic chance this
time F bombing the Pope what in the
world did the Pope do to deserve that or
which is the most frequent scenario they
get into nasty fights and confrontations
with the locals and the police
the most recent example England's game
in the Netherlands six months ago when
that more than a hundred three Lions
fans were arrested in Amsterdam having
clashed with the police and yet every
time their asses are handed to them on a
plate the whine and cry about injustice
like this time again with some laying
the blame onto seville's police yes the
response may have been a bit
heavy-handed but it's not the first time
since civils police are notoriously
known for not tolerating any bullshit
behavior and at times even going hard
when it's not really warranted just ask
Liverpool fans who did not do anything
close that their champion is game last
year - what the drunken mob pulled off
on Sunday night yet they got hard
treatment from the local police one
blind man even had his came confiscated
by the authorities but was the police
wrong and unjust this time in Seville
well if you act like an idiot expect to
be treated like an idiot we Russians
have an idiom don't blame the mirror if
your face is messed up works perfectly
in the case of those travelling English
fans who seek nothing but trouble for
another example let's go back to a
disgusting controversial and a rather
humiliating episode clashes in Marseille
during Europe
20:16 yes that brawl between the English
and Russian hooligans was ugly brutal
and unacceptable but so was the reaction
for most of the UK media about it
remember the Putin's army headlines the
coverage of the events the night before
those clashes and the subsequent public
resonance was minimal very few paid
attention when drunk English jobs
clashed with locals and mosques a
taunting it's heavily Muslim population
with where is Isis chants so whose army
was that david cameron's i'll tell you
who they were they were a bunch of
absolute balance who have no place in
modern day game who spoil a feast of
football pose danger to society bring
shame upon the nation and the huge
majority of properly behaving fans and
they should not be allowed anywhere near
a stadium and remember we're talking
about England which had a tremendous
humanism problem domestically yet did so
much and invested so much to stamp the
domestic football related violence out
well almost
because when troublemakers stayed at
home during the summers World Cup they
got drunk and fought each other
including women in England leading to
337 arrests 306 cases of domestic
violence and 43 hate crimes that is
after the national team crashed out of
the World Cup to Croatia so clearly
keeping the few bad eggs back home does
not always work here's to hoping that
this time the English Football
Association does not simply publish
another we are embarrassed kind of
statement but actually acts and acts
hard making sure these disgraceful
adrenaline junkies get served with a
hefty punishment and maybe they should
look to examples of their closest
neighbors who have supported their teams
without any misdemeanors and by the way
congratulations England on such a
beautiful wind
