hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered on peter Lavelle
US President Donald Trump has repeatedly
said he wants better relations with
Russia he did finally have his
long-sought summit with Vladimir Putin
both presidents called it a success the
American political class in corporate
media described the Helsinki summit as a
failure and Trump even worse are the
United States and Russia destined to be
enemies forever
crosstalking Russa phobia I'm joined by
my guest Brian Becker in Washington he's
the director of the answer coalition as
well as host of loud and clear a daily
news show on radio Sputnik also in
Washington we have Earl Rasmussen he is
the executive vice president of the
eurasia Center and in managua McGraw
Sudan Kubelik
he is an adjunct professor of law at the
University of Pittsburgh as well as
author of the plot to scapegoat Russia
all right gentlemen crosstalk rules in
effect that means you can jump in
anytime you want and I always appreciate
it Dan
when did you finish writing your book
the date yes last last year like last
spring so say what what did you know
that we didn't know then because it
sounds like an absolutely perfect Idol
for the moment and the current news
cycle go ahead well a rush has been a
scapegoat of the United States for a
long long time you know we could go as
far back certainly as 1917 but certainly
after World War two we had what you know
what was known as the Cold War which
centered upon the vilification of Russia
to justify the us's adventures abroad
and we are in a new Cold War now and we
were in one and at the time I wrote the
book and it seems to be only intensified
even though the Soviet Union collapsed
in 1991
the US continues to vilify Russia and
paint it as some enemy that it's not
okay Brian what you know what I find
really interesting and it's a saga
that's been going on here is that it
seems to me that very very often the
United States and its Western allies
particularly NATO they project all of
their own sins upon Russia okay meddling
in other people's election well we could
spend an entire month on a daily basis
going to all of the meddling that the
United States and its allies have been
involved in for the last few decades and
it would still be a cursory review I
mean it seems to me that Russia plays
this other the OP is the negative of
what we want to see in ourselves go
ahead Brian absolutely I mean if you if
you go through and people have gone
through the
of the United States not just
interfering in other elections including
Russia's in 1996 there's that famous
Time magazine of Boris Yeltsin with the
American flag and it says Yanks to the
rescue because America flooded Moscow
with American advisors and millions of
dollars to make sure their candidate
Boris Yeltsin won otherwise the
Communist Party in Russia would have
actually been the winner but it's not
just interference if the US doesn't like
the results of elections after they've
tried to influence them then they
overthrow the government this is what
happened with the democratically elected
government of Muhammad mosaic day in
Iran it dared to nationalize the
anglo-iranian oil company now known as
BP so of course the u.s. overthrew it
and imposed on Iran the Shah a monarch
you can't get a more or less democratic
government there's a long history of
this the United States the media
presentation here is so incredible you
had Donald Trump going to Europe meeting
with the NATO countries demanding that
they spend a hundred and thirty two
billion dollars more aggregate for
really a confrontational position
against Russia and then he gets to
Russia I mean to Helsinki and meets with
Putin and the American media says this
is the surrender surrender some and
acting as if you know here's the United
States spent seven hundred and eighty
billion dollars on war every year Russia
spent sixty billion and yet
Russia's on the March you know earlier
edible and and Russia's defense spending
is on decline right now okay it's not
being increased here Earl does the
United States need brushes and enemy is
this thing because to justify all of
these expenditures okay I mean where
Brian is logically looking at it but
logic and politics don't always parlay
okay I mean essentially we need an enemy
it justifies this here
Montenegro is good is adding value
attitude NATO's defense okay Montenegro
is army is smaller than the New York
police force okay but we need an enemy
here is that what Russia's purposes
because it's really easy to paint Russia
is as an enemy is because it because it
really demand
stubbornly its sovereignty go ahead Earl
no I agree Pete Peter I mean we meet we
need let's face it it's the defense
industry we need an enemy
NATO's searching for a new mission there
I mean really it's a good defense
grouping but you know should Russia be
included in that as well and and what's
the real mission the mission is is is
not there I don't think there's any fear
for Russia invading into any part of
Europe but but it you know you need a
boogeyman you need a net you need a
threat to justify defense expenditures I
mean Dwight Eisenhower you know cited be
be aware of the defense industry and and
they all do great things they do some
you know positive research there's a lot
of people employed but you know to grow
business you need more threats and so I
think it is in some ways it's it's a
business it's it's a racket you know and
essentially that's what it is war is a
racket and conflict is a racket and then
a lot of people make money from it you
know Dan the the world cup just then did
here in Russia and Moscow was one of the
major centers for that for the matches
and I purposely went into the center of
town almost every single day and ran
into people some people recognized me or
in a cafe people would ask me questions
or directions or some we get into a
conversation and I purposely said what
are you most surprised about and the
reaction was almost universal people
were exasperated I had no idea this
place was like this because in the UK
they tell us a completely different
story they even told us it could be
dangerous to come here and then the
reaction was anger anger that you know
what the hell were they telling us go
ahead Dan yeah no I mean the
vilification of Russia is frankly
mind-boggling here's a country that
right after 9/11 Vladimir Putin was the
first world leader to call President
Bush and send his condolences
he offered help on in the war on terror
and gave help and warned
here terror Russia is actually playing a
very constructive role in the Middle
East even Israel is finding Russia to be
a reliable partner in the Middle East
this vilification has no grounding in
facts and as you pointed out what
appears to be greatly resented in the
political halls of the United States is
that Russia has gotten back on its feet
and it is a country that is livable and
it is a country that people are happy
and and that's why they have a very high
approval rating for their president and
and I think that is why people are
surprised when they go there and it's
not some kind of a hellhole and I should
point out to our viewers that Russia is
the second country after the United
States destination for immigrants Russia
is number two in the world people do
want to come here though I suppose you
would never hear that on CNN
Brian another thing is here it's Russia
as a reliable enemy but it's also one
the only bipartisan issue that you get
America's divided political class it
really works okay it brings people
together all right and I think that
that's also its purpose okay is that and
it's also a justification for the
Democrats why they lost the election
because they still can't come to terms
with it they were remain in denial
go ahead Brian well there's another
issue that there's a bipartisan support
in the two are closely linked which is
the absolute support for the
military-industrial complex and the
intelligence agencies so both the
Democrats and the Republicans routinely
and almost unanimously support these
gargantuan increases in the US military
budget again it was an eighty two
billion dollar increase increase this
year that's more than Russia's entire
military budget that was supported by
the Democrats and the Republicans so
they come together on this issue and in
Russia as our other guests have said is
is an essential part of the expansion
the US military machine because what are
we going to why are we going to spend a
trillion dollars a year on war is there
going to be against Grenada is there
going to be against little tiny
countries you need a major power sort of
enemy and then the national security
strategy that was unveiled in January
and Trump himself came out to do it
maybe because person of his narcissism
he came out to announce it unlike
previous presidents it says that the
main priority for the u.s. military in
the coming decade in decades is not
Islamic terrorism it's not terrorism at
all it's for major power confrontation
with Russia and China
that's budgeting that's budgeting and
military contingency planning now to do
that you have to really paint the
adversary as an adversary so it's an
article of faith there's a new religion
in Washington DC which is called I hate
religion
I hate Russia Russia is the enemy and we
all must bow and genuflecting the altar
of this new religious icon and that's
the way you can take the American
people's money hard-earned tax dollars
which could be debt used for housing and
health care and the education the things
human beings need and shovel it over to
the defense contractors you have to
explain to them that it's an absolute
national imperative to do that in order
to carry out this looting of the
national budget and that's what we're
witnessing right I mean let me go - let
me go - Earl before we go to the break
here manufactured consent this is what
rusev Obie in its most recent
incarnation it's it's it's manufactured
consent and and I want to talk about the
Intelligence Committee in the second
half of the program but the liberal
media loves it and they they perpetrate
it go ahead Earl thirty Seconds it is
manufactured consent and it's and I
believe it's probably orchestrated some
somewhere in the dark corners as well I
mean well we have here we have
McCarthyism 2.0 even if you shake an
ambassador's hand at a reception yeah
your your your her Putin's lady that was
just arrested because she was you know
she had free
she had some kind of agenda here I mean
because she's not a foreign agent well
he'll half of Washington should be a
foreign agent under the under those
strictures here okay I'm sorry I don't
mean let me jump in here we're gonna go
to a short break and after that short
break we'll continue our discussion on
Rousseff obeah stay with our team
welcome back to crosstalk where all
things are considered I'm Peter belt to
remind you were discussing Rousseff
obeah
okay let's go back to Dan in Managua I
think also part of what Brian was saying
this new religion as it were that's so
bipartisan in the in the liberal media
loves the propagate and said why should
I think we should question the
intelligence community I think that's a
really important thing to do I mean
again if you can go back and look at the
history of their behavior wait let me
Bay of Pigs I mean they're Ballman in
Vietnam all the issues surrounding 9/11
I mean there's a lot I mean and then you
listen to Peter struck ok I mean all the
more reason to be very skeptical of
what's going on behind you know closed
doors and in the in the deep state here
I mean I don't understand it's gotten to
the point where questioning anything now
you you end up being ostracized and
demonized like the you know the live the
left wasn't always that way go ahead Dan
yeah no I mean her for many years the
left understood that the CIA was this
pretty diabolical institution that was
engaged in regime change abroad and
murdering world leaders the CIA lied us
into the war with Iraq in 2003 with the
lie about weapons of mass destruction
which of course you know led to over a
million Iraqis dead 5,000 Americans dead
and trillions of dollars wasted and yet
those lies are forgotten and the irony
of course is that it tends to be the
Liberals now that are rallying around
the CIA in the FBI the FBI which is four
years engaged in infiltrating
progressive organizations and peace
organizations to disrupt them who killed
Fred Hampton a leader of the Black
Panthers in cold blood and now somehow
the FBI supposed to be our hero I mean
it's it's really incredible you know
Brian one of the things I think it's a
very interesting and very tragic here is
that somehow Russia meddled in America's
democracy I don't even really know what
that means
but you hear it all of the time but what
really is happening I think my personal
opinion is that because there isn't any
questioning of the intelligence
community in their behavior and I'm
thinking of the FBI during the 2016
election they are damaging America's
democracy because you cannot ask these
questions about what they did I mean the
FBI the DOJ was created by Congress
right they fund these agencies and what
we see is obstruction so I can't you
know meddling okay I have no idea what
that really means but we're getting more
more information that the kind of regime
change scenario the u.s. is used around
the world for decades has actually come
home and they're practicing the same
playbook
go ahead Brian yeah and in fact that's
going on for decades the the again I
agree with Dan carbolic why would anyone
trust the the FBI or the CIA and
certainly progressive people are people
who used to consider themselves liberal
I don't even know what the word liberal
means anymore
it doesn't mean anything what here's the
situation is this the the US government
says that Russia meddled by hacking into
the Democratic National Committee email
server and and revealing emails that
show that the Democratic Party
leadership violated its own rules and
regulations to make sure that Hillary
Clinton would win the nomination now if
that's true and that's been described as
a parallel or synonymous with what
happened on 9/11 or Pearl Harbor why did
the FBI why did the FBI not subpoena and
take control of that server to carry out
a forensic investigation why did it
allow CrowdStrike a third party that had
its own self-interest and its own
political bias against Russia why did
they take their word that in fact the
democratic party server was hacked by
the Russians that on its face would make
anyone skeptical but again if you're in
a religious situation you don't need
proof you only take things as an article
of faith and
so if the FBI says we have a high degree
of confidence without giving any
evidence that Russia did this without
any evidence if you're in a religious
mode you say I believe yeah I believe
because I believe because I'm part of
the religion and that's the situation
right now if those of us who question
this narrative continue to question
we're considered to be non-believers and
like a witch hunt
if you're not part of the witch hunt you
perhaps become a witch yourself yeah and
it creates an atmosphere of political
intimidation that's what we're
experiencing right here in Washington DC
you know in Earl I mean I don't know I
don't know the number on the top of my
head but the NSA isn't it their kind of
job to be seeing what's moving around on
the internet you know from sensitive
places and all that you know I mean
again we there or there are very
intelligent people that are former
members of the intelligence community
that can make a very strong cases this
is like a leak not a hack and these
people have done it using their you know
what's in between their ears their brain
okay they're not either they're not the
NSA here I'm thinking of William beany
and people like that a ray mcgovern I
don't think they're traitors to their
country though they are very very
critical of the places they used to work
for go ahead
Earl absolutely NSA should be able to
isolate down to the building you know
where the path of traffic was they're
definitely monitoring almost everything
not just foreign traffic but internal as
well the but you're absolutely correct
on the forensic analysis so I mean
where's a real forensic nellis where's
the independent forensic analysis that
closest thing at applets come out of the
veteran and you know veteran
intelligence organization that's beeps
in he's part of veep's absolutely that
that's the only thing that's even been
close and that verifies that it had to
be an internal leak so I'm very very
skeptical on on any of this jump in here
real quickly I remember I think I'm
gonna remember this Greg I think it was
in January of February of this year that
veep's was actually talking about it and
then
later months later Hannity on Fox
started talking about can consider what
the kind of news environment we have
some really smart people that know what
they're talking out about right about
this put it out in public a thing it was
consortium news calm and it it didn't
even make an impression on the
mainstream and then maybe somebody said
hey have you read this because this is
exactly what Hannity would like but for
me it was astounding this information
was around for months and it didn't even
penetrate it was amazing it's a small
circle of us Dan I want to change gears
our Russia in the United States destined
to be enemies for good go ahead Dan well
I certainly don't believe you know that
they're destined to be so I think I mean
I believe that there's a lot of common
interests there I think we should be
friends and partners however I believe
you know as Eric Hobsbawm an historian
pointed out you know the hatred of
Russian is in the DNA of the American
people and not by genetics but because
it was put there by people who found a
reason to vilify Russia but it does
appear that you know the powers that be
in this country will continue to stoke
the flames of anti-russia hatred in the
interest of war which will make it very
difficult for us to be partners and I
think that's a tragic thing you know
Brian I've heard repeatedly I am the
Russian meddling again whatever that
means it's akin to Pearl Harbor well
what did the United States do was a
reaction to the attack on Pearl Harbor
it can completely mobilize its economy
and fought a very hard very bloody war
and justified in my opinion okay but
what kind of rhetoric is this now you
know then well then what should the u.s.
do i and then you know all of us on this
program know the very importance of arms
control agreements I know it's not
really sexy for MSNBC and CNN can they
be there they just have low octane
octane intelligence okay but this
is important stuff here and it has to be
dealt with
I really wish the Donald Trump had been
had a little bit more finesse I know
that's hard for him really hard for him
but that's a really important issue okay
and I we need to move forward about but
if we're going to be enemies how can you
go there this is one of the great
tragedies
go ahead Brian yeah after September 11th
which is this is being compared to an
Pearl Harbor the u.s. went to war war
against Japan in World War two of course
and then after September 11th the war on
terror
yeah the US I will I believe were past
the point of no return in terms of the
rush the Animus and hostility towards
Russia I don't think we're coming back
Donald Trump as you said all of the
media attention was on his very badly
stated positions at at the Helsinki but
actually what they talked about was
Syria and deconfliction they talked
about the possibility of improving the
START treaty the START treaty was signed
in 1991 it said the United States which
has 7,000 operational nuclear weapons
all of which I've just a few of which
could destroy the entire world and
Russia which has a similar number that
they should be reduced down to 1550 and
then more that's a requirement also in
an affirmative obligation on from the
nuclear non-proliferation treaty on all
nuclear powers they talked about that
that was not covered as you're saying
Peter that's a big issue the danger of
nuclear war even an accidental nuclear
war the catastrophic consequences are so
profound why don't we talk about that
talk about meddling in the in the future
of the world nuclear weapons are
meddling in our future having control
over those nuclear weapons getting rid
of them that's critically important that
seems to be off the agenda right now
what's Earl what I think is really
really tragic in this environment that
we're right now is that you know
negotiations are equated with
appeasement this is the tragedy of the
conversation right now okay and and arms
control is so very important but if you
negotiate it means surrender summit go
ahead Earl now I I think you're right
it's it's personally I this meeting is
something I should have taken place Oh
while ago and and I think a dialogue is
is deaf absolutely necessary are we
gonna agree in things absolutely not but
but it's definitely definitely necessary
for agreement and for some reason these
major areas of collaboration and
coordination are not our bike paths by
the media and it's it's very very
unfortunate well we'll see where it goes
here gentlemen but considering the way
things are going it seems to me that the
us-russia relationship has been spoiled
and it could last for generations that's
all the time we have gentlemen many
thanks um I guess in Washington and
Managua and thanks to our viewers for
watching us here at RT see you next time
and remember crosstalk rules
