US Court has refused bail to Russian
citizen Maria butanna after she pleaded
not guilty to charges of conspiracy to
act as a kremlin agent earlier
prosecutors released court papers
relating to her case the documents claim
that boot owner was in contact with
Russian intelligence officials and even
that she offered sex in exchange for a
job at a US special interests
organization twenty-nine-year-old has
appeared in federal court and entered a
plea of not guilty contesting the
charges against her and she's been
denied bail so she will remain in
federal custody pending trial documents
presented by the federal prosecutors
have a lot of really unclear words in
them for example it says boo Tina
appears to have ties to Russian
intelligence services they believe they
said boo Tina was in contact with
officials believed to be Russian
intelligence operatives furthermore they
stated that they have a handwritten note
that says how to respond to FSB
employment offers so this is what they
have a lot of very unclear statements in
the document furthermore they went on to
allege that she has been covertly
offering people sex for favors and
basically the charge is that she has
been operating in pro-gun lobby groups
and with the Republican Party and has
been doing so on behalf of the Russian
government without registering herself
as a foreign agent now a lot of the
media reports are using words like spy
and espionage but none of those charges
have been filed she is not being accused
of doing any military related work no
classified information is involved in
the case it's simply alleged but she was
lobbying and behaving as a lobbyist
without registering as a lobbyist on
behalf of the Russian government the
spokesperson for the Russian Ministry
has come forward and said they are
alarmed by the case and they are calling
the charges groundless and politically
motivated we've heard they are saying
essentially the FBI instead of dealing
with its basic duties to combat crime is
carrying out a plain political order her
lawyers argued that she has been
cooperating with federal officials in
the United States for the last few
months that she is not
flight risk but the judge didn't hear it
and the judge said that she was denied
any bail so she remains in federal
custody awaiting trial on these charges
of being an unregistered for an agent
lobbyist
you
