I'm second thank you being with Artie if
I could begin asking by asking what are
the chances of your party winning these
four community elections as a sports fan
I always think that I will win even when
most of the time I've lost but this time
I'm prepared the best I mean this is the
best preparation of my party and we have
the we have good candidates we are
prepared now for government we have a
manifesto 100-day plan and so it's the
best we've been prepared therefore I'm
more optimistic than ever that I think
this time we will win what are other
major factors the other factors are that
corruption has become a major issue and
corruption has become a major issue a
because of social media social media has
exposed corruption which which the
mainstream media would not before and
secondly we have had two campaigns one
was a protest of dharna in 2014 and then
was the whole Panama case where we were
in the field and it was in the Supreme
Court we were had rallies so this time
you have a very politically aware public
going to the polls never was there such
a public so aware of all the issues as
there is today nonetheless your party
has been at the heart of the controversy
that you've been accommodating so many
candidates from the other mainstream
political parties and many of them were
tainted with corruption charges in one
way or the other doesn't really defeat
the very purpose you've been fighting
against look in a parliamentary
democracy you have to have the numbers
to form government if this was a
presidential form of government then it
would be very easy to contest elections
in Pakistan but because we have to have
when at least 140 seats in the
parliament that means you have to take
people who understand the science of
contesting elections
this is not an election in Europe where
people can you can stand up and then
people go to the polls and then stamp
the papers this is a different election
here you have to have candidates who
understand the art of contesting an
election in other words who have to have
the infrastructure to contest elections
so on a polling day in in a rural
constituency unless you have about 2,000
trained workers you cannot contest an
election then you need finances to a bus
and your voters to the polling station
so hence we have we have to compromise
we have had a mix and match about 60% of
our candidates all PTI but there are 40%
others who have come from the other
parties to join us and they've come from
the other parties because they realize
that PTI has the biggest vote Bank today
previously you said that the Pakistan
was heading towards economic destruction
because of the fact that the previous
government had borrowed more than 40
billion US dollar external loan what
strategy economic strategy or political
strategy you have to really get rid of
this debt and to not go back to the IMF
it is probably the biggest crisis a
financial crisis that Pakistan any
government taking over charge will face
in Pakistan never was this such a high
fiscal deficit never was this such a
huge trade deficit and never were the
institutions in such a bad state as they
are in Pakistan having said that that
it's good it's not going to be easy it's
a big challenge the wave forward is
immediate reformation of our state
institutions of our regulators for
financial regulators of the corruption
ward watchdog corruption is one of the
biggest problems we do not have enough
money to pay for our expenditure and
took to cut corruption and to raise
revenues we have to fix those state
institutions the FBR which raises
revenues NAB butches which tackles
corruption strengthen them improve
institutions improve governance to bring
an investment and we so - in a nutshell
we have to reform ourselves we have to
reform our state institutions to be
viable to have enough money to develop a
human beings the other challenge is to
spend money on our human beings on a
children or their education on health on
clean drinking water on employment but
we don't have enough money right now so
make the state strong enough the
institutions so we can raise the money
cut down corruption good governance
attract investment and then spend money
on our human development
you've been very critical about u.s.
involvement in Pakistan's domestic
affairs particularly under the cover of
war on terror
what kind of bilateral relationship we
can foresee once you are in power
Pakistan today needs stability more than
any other time
it's history we need peace stability we
need good relations and we certainly do
need good relationship with the u.s.
u.s. is a superpower cannot be ignored
unfortunately our relationship has been
very one-sided in the past the
relationship has been where the US has
used Pakistan as a hired gun so we are
paid to do their work you know to to
fight their war this has cost Pakistan
over a hundred billion dollars lost to
the economy over 70,000 people
Pakistanis have died they are still
dying today
the terrorism is still not being
overcome so what we want is a
relationship with the US where it is
mutually benefit beneficial to both and
it's not a one-sided relationship like
it's being what kind of shape of those
relationship you foresee well Pakistan
for instance in Afghanistan the US has
been stuck in a quagmire for 16 years
and that's mainly because it's a
one-dimensional approach in Afghanistan
which is military solution where
Pakistan should help is not in doing
more in terms of military because
Pakistan has already damaged itself
enough from fighting the US war what we
should do is we should help us in peace
settlement in a political settlement in
Afghanistan Pakistan do whatever it it
can in helping this these be stalks and
and whatever leverage Pakistan has over
Taliban should be used there rather than
being ordered to fight the Taliban
because the war is not ending in
Afghanistan in 16 years the war has gone
on what kind of strategy you have
whereby you can help Americans to
resolve this 17 years long insurgency
the firstly the Americans should have
learned from the Soviet experience the
Soviets would probably best guide the
Americans that military solution is not
an answer in Afghanistan and therefore
the only other solution is political so
my advice would be to the Americans that
the surge has failed
sixteen years of war trying to force a
win that has failed at one point there
were 150,000 NATO troops 250,000 of run
troops and still the Americans could not
force a military solution so my advice
would be that Pakistan the American
Pakistan might help them along with the
neighbors of Afghanistan on one hand
Americans are seeking Pakistan's help to
resolve insurgency in Afghanistan but
continuously they've been pressurizing
Pakistan to do more saying they are
Afghan Taliban sanctuaries on Pakistani
side of the border how would you handle
that kind of scenario very unfair of the
Americans here's a country Pakistan that
had nothing to do with 9/11 no Pakistani
involved al Qaeda was in Afghanistan
there were no militant Taliban in
Pakistan so Pakistan was forced into
this war Pakistan lost 70,000 people
dead Pakistan lost over a hundred
billion dollars lost to the economy a
tribal areas devastated still they have
not recovered they're in a bad shape
today and yet at the end of it to be
blamed for the u.s. failure in
Afghanistan is tragic it's painful for
people of Pakistan if the US are blaming
Pakistan for the lack of success because
of two or three thousand supposedly
Haqqani insurgents because of them they
couldn't win it is just the most
ridiculous thing because at one point
there were 150,000 NATO troops the the
greatest military machine in the world
then 250 thousand of Ron troops and to
think that because of these two 3,000
insurgents from Pakistan they couldn't
win in 16 years it is very unfair on
Pakistan so the solution is peace the
solution is political it is getting all
the players their neighbors of
Afghanistan and whatever leverage
Pakistan can have on the Taliban to put
them in a dialogue
on a table and have a political solution
there is no others there is no solution
but political solution just few weeks
back both Pakistan in the u.s. they have
shifted the movement of their diplomats
within the 40 kilometer range and at the
heart of the behind the scene there is a
controversy there is a row between both
countries that the American Embassy in
Islamabad they have launched some sort
of espionage Network and you might
recall there was a report by Edward
Snowden the u.s. intelligence contractor
and he said that more than half of fifty
two billion dollar black CIA budget is
spent on espionage network in Pakistan
on two things where is I is hiding an
tus militants and where are Pakistan's
nuclear warheads so it's a big kind of
challenge how would you handle it change
the nature of relationship between the
u.s. and Pakistan
the US has looked upon Pakistan as an
ally at one point and then as an enemy
at the same time so it's the only time
in history I can recall where an ally
keeps bombing you the same it's a it's a
it's a lie I mean the drones were
bombing killing pakistani pakistani
people causing collateral damage and
pakistan territory it's never happened i
don't know if any situation like that
which has happened before
and that's why the anti-americanism rows
in pakistan because people couldn't work
out are we an ally or are we an enemy
and that's why the whole relationship
between the u.s. and Pakistan needs
needs to be reset and it can happen
because I think the US will need
Pakistan in and finding a political
solution in Afghanistan and of course
u.s. is a superpower and Pakistan wants
to be on the right side okay and
Pakistan really survive without us
financial aid and the military hardware
what kind of strategy your party could
possibly have if you come into power
well first have a decent good
relationship of the US
that's number one secondly Pakistan
should not rely on foreigners
for survival I started your program by
saying Pakistan needs to put its house
in order
Pakistan needs to fix its financial
institutions it's its state institutions
and Pakistan will not survive by getting
handouts from some foreign country
Pakistan will survive by standing on its
own feet balancing its budget improving
trade creating wealth bringing
investment that's how Pakistan will
survive the problem is there's too much
dependence on foreign assistance foreign
loans and we are in our present
situation because we take the easy
option we lose our independence and at
the same time we do not do the required
structured changes the reforms that need
to be done in Pakistan realistically
speaking will Pakistan will be really
able to have a genuine independent
foreign policy because US influence has
been there it's a decades-long it's not
going to go away with an matter of weeks
or months I think the world is changing
you know the world is changing fast it
used to be two super powers then became
one superpower now you have emerging
other powerful countries China has
emerged
the Russians are look looks like they
are getting stronger so anyway the world
is no longer the same where you know one
country one strong power can force other
countries to go against their own
interest my objection to Pakistan u.s.
relation was that Pakistan was required
to do things that went against our
national interest that went against the
interest of the people of Pakistan that
should not happen foreign policy should
be where the interest of your people are
protected but not where you go against
their interests possibly you are going
to rule over a country which has a
history of repeated military takeover
and then there have been allegation of
military interference behind the scene
how you are going to handle it
Pakistan the the political thinking in
Pakistan
has evolved and the old days you know a
democratic government would flounder and
you would have military comeback and it
started off because Pakistan was a
Security started off as a security
straight there was a threat that well
Pakistan survived with a neighbor seven
times its size or hostile neighbor
because we started on a bad footing and
so the fear of survival made the
security more important and therefore
whenever the security forces felt that
the the democratic governments were
floundering they would take over but now
as we sit in 2018 Pakistan's political
thought has evolved to a point where
everyone realized there's a consensus
even amongst the military that my
martial law is not an option so
therefore I do not think that we will
have those fears again when you have
very incompetent corrupt governments
then they lose space to the military
which is far more organized more
efficient it's a strong institution but
it's because of the failure of
democratic governments to perform the
the only strength the power of a
Democrat democratic government comes
through its performance if it performs
it helps the people people get attached
to the government that is its strength
on a lighter note towards the very end
of our interview what could be possibly
your first order as a prime minister of
Pakistan if your party wins elections
but you know I haven't really thought
about it and there is a reason for it my
conditioning is as a sportsman a
sportsman does not does not think he's
winning until the last ball is bowled so
until I when you know I hope obviously
we have a plan but until you know we win
this election I only then will I start
thinking of what will be but you have a
hundred days plan we have a hundred days
plan but you taught talked about the
first move the first move will be once
we realized that we are winning the
election thank you very much for your
time comes
you
