the general heading the US mission in
Afghanistan has reiterated remarks by
the Secretary of State on the
possibility of direct talks with the
Taliban on day later though he said that
his words have been mischaracterized by
some outlets and assisted that he was
not suggesting working with a terrorist
organization mr. Pompeo said that we the
United States are ready to talk to the
Taliban and discuss the role of
international forces we hope this will
help to move forward the peace process
my reaffirm ation of secretary Pompeo
statement in which he said that the
United States is ready to work with the
Taliban the Afghan government and the
Afghan people towards lasting peace was
mischaracterized America's war in
Afghanistan is 17 years old and appears
to be in stalemate the Taliban control
roughly 40% of the country there are
currently 15,000 US troops stationed
there even though Donald Trump promised
during his 2016 campaign to declare the
war a lost cause and pull American
forces out last month saw a three-day
ceasefire but civilian casualties are at
a record high 1692 people were killed in
the first half of this year according to
the UN that's more than in any half year
period in the decade before and he seems
that the US doesn't have a clear
strategy when it comes to the Taliban we
have the Taliban willing to come to the
negotiating table there's no talking to
the Taliban we don't want to talk to the
Taliban we're gonna finish what we have
to finish I want to reinforce to the
Taliban that the only path to peace and
political legitimacy for them is through
a negotiated settlement the Taliban
trembles as they hear our approach
the Taliban side even boy before the
Kabul conference the Taliban cannot win
their choices are to reconcile live in
irrelevance or die the United States
government is treating Afghanistan like
another state in their in their country
and this is not you know the first time
that the you know undermine the
government of Afghanistan the severity
of Afghanistan and this is again you
know they are doing what and you know
they have been doing in the past like
bombing you know without the permission
of the Afghan government they have been
grating houses at night they have been
killing and torturing people without
permissions of the Afghan government he
said that they will have a direct
negotiation of a Taliban undermining
Afghan sovereignty once you know there
was a lot of criticism about this issue
and they have changed their tone and
they said well we didn't say we will
directly talk to the to the Taliban but
we will facilitate and we will talk
about the you know the stand of the
United States on behalf of the United
States and our troops and stuff so yeah
you know since they've come under
critical criticism that they are
undermining the independence of our
fallenness on that's why you know they
have changed their tune this is not the
first time they have done it in the past
so they will do it again and again
you
