hello and welcome to crosstalk where all
things are considered on Peter Lavelle
the very idea of a Trump Putin summit
was controversial from the start they
met in Helsinki and essentially agreed
the US and Russia should at least engage
in dialogue to start a process of
mending a very damaged relationship much
of the media in the foreign policy swamp
reacted with an apocalyptic meltdown
how's the establishment lost its mind
crosstalking the helsinki summit i'm
joined by my guess michael a hamlin in
washington he's a senior fellow at the
brookings institution also in washington
we have Daniel Faraci he is the director
of grassroots political consulting and
in London we cross to merida chef ski
she's a columnist for the independent
and guardian alright crosstalk rules in
effect that means he can jump in anytime
you want and I always appreciate Mary
let me go to you first in London I guess
your most important takeaway impression
of the of the summit in Helsinki and
what was accomplished two points go
ahead Mary well I think the most
important thing was that it happened at
all I was one of the people who was
actually quite in favor of it's
happening and felt that it should have
happened much closer to the beginning of
Donald Trump's presidency and I'm sorry
that it wasn't as to what it achieved I
think that's probably best summed up in
a phrase that President Putin used in
his initial statement where he talked
about first steps and I think it was
probably unrealistic to expect anything
other anything more than first steps but
I think at least that was accomplished
but of course in in the 24 hours after
the summit and after the press
conference I mean what we've seen has
been a complete demolition from
Washington I mean personally I'm just
amazed looking at the US response or at
least probably what is better called the
response of the Washington political
establishment yeah that the swamp that's
what I call it okay Michael that the the
same two points to you I mean you're the
most important impression you had in
what was accomplished if anything go
ahead Michael well first Peter greetings
from the swamp I'm sitting here in
Washington and second congratulations to
Russia and Russia congratulations on an
amazing World Cup we all enjoyed that
around the world and I think it's worth
emphasizing such points even on a
serious political talk show thank you
Michael because I think bring us Moscow
we did not feel very isolated from the
world okay so thank you very much and it
was a wonderful wonderful experience go
ahead my two points on the summit
go ahead yeah and then secondly I agree
with Mary's main point I think that it
was good to have a summit I do regret
that our president President Trump
probably did not handle the question
about the 2016 elections very well I
understand why he doesn't want to get
into that in a press conference where
he's trying to sustain a positive vibe
with President Putin but I think he
should have therefore given a non-answer
rather than what we consider in the
United States to be a wrong answer and
that unfortunately did take the entire
political commentary really on both
sides of the political aisle here in
Washington in a negative direction
against President Trump not so much
against President Putin not so much
against whatever substance may have been
discussed privately but against that
particular handling of the 2016 election
issue I hope we can move beyond that
because I would like to view this as
Mary says as at least baby steps towards
a better relationship well you know
Daniel you know it seems that you know I
mean Trump is accused of coddling
enemies and and and dissing friends but
you know the US media essentially
coddled Vladimir Putin and demonized the
President of the United States those
questions and I saw the preview before
the depressor like Jim Acosta people
like that they already had their knives
out they weren't gonna listen to the
press sir they were just gonna ask
questions as if they were in Washington
DC they had no interest in what the two
presidents had to say they went there
and I'm afraid and I'm gonna agree with
Michael Trump fell for it he shouldn't
have go ahead Daniel yeah I would say
Washington would have woken up to a
neocon nightmare no matter what happened
there didn't even need to be a press
conference this was all a foregone
conclusion I will agree with Mary as
well I am pleased that this took place
I'm also pleased that a great world cup
was pulled off as well but you know this
the language today is against President
Trump and against Putin as well all
across the media you watch Morning Joe
and it just on and on and on for hours
across the channels Fox News is inflamed
CNN and there's this short history and
memory of President Bush and Vladimir
Putin having a good summit together
trying to and at that time there was the
possibility of
and involvement in the European Union
and NATO itself President Obama and
Medvedev on their famous on-camera
off-camera cordial relationship back and
forth Hillary Clinton and the reset but
because this is Trump and because
there's actually a chance at dialogue
and progressive steps being made on
Syria on Ukraine and on other issues
this has lit up this town regardless of
what happened it seems it has little to
do with what actually happened in
Helsinki let me go to Mary here we have
a former CIA director John Brennan quote
Donald Trump's press conference
performance in Helsinki was treasonous
he is wholly in the pocket of Putin
Republican Patriots where are you we
have a James Comey Wow they I mean you
know oh lordy James Comey oh my goodness
he says Patriots need to stand up and
reject the behavior of this president
are they calling for a coup like they
pulled off in Ukraine in 2014 go ahead
Mary well I think they're probably
calling for something a lot short of
that but I think what is behind what
they said I mean aside from being a sort
of knee-jerk reaction that they regarded
what Donald Trump said as being as
betraying the as it were the good name
and expertise of the United States now
both of them are hardly friends of
Donald Trump now too so to an extent
they were cheerleading or at least
whatever the opposite of cheerleading is
in Washington against Trump but I think
there is a real problem here what was
Donald Trump supposed to do when it
confronted with what was going to be the
inevitable question because although you
know what's being said is well he should
have given a non-answer
well Trump you know very often he's he's
not diplomatic in that way he doesn't
really specialize in non-answer
and so I think there is a real problem
what was he supposed to say from his
perspective was he supposed to say oh no
you know now I believe all these or all
these claims that Russia interfered in
our election and colluded with my team
to get me elected or was he going to say
which has been his position all along
that he actually rejects these claims
even though a section not all but a
section of US intelligence actually says
actually supports them you know you know
Michael the thing is is that I agree
with Mary but I you know obviously Trump
is not a man of nuance okay I think all
of us would agree with that and everyone
watching this program here but what kind
of answer was he supposed to demand from
Putin I mean he could say I listened to
what he had to say but we have to move
on because I mean it's a bit rich
Michael when the United States for the
last 70 some years have been throwing
elections undermining democracy
installing governments I mean all over
the world and and so Russian military or
counterintelligence they kind of poked
around I mean it's part of their job
they would be remiss if they didn't do
it okay I don't understand it this kind
of moral outrage that someone might do
what we do to the whole world all the
time go ahead Michael
first of all Peter I think you have
accurately explained the way that for
example President Putin probably looks
at this problem whatever he may have
authorized in 2016 and I believe he did
authorize meddling in the u.s. so we
have no evidence of this but we have no
evidence of that right right we have no
evidence here I just told you what I
think okay I think we have pretty good
evidence I'd rather not I'd rather just
accept your point that what you're doing
is describing a worldview which has some
basis of history behind it because
you're right historically I don't
believe this happens in this way anymore
but historically the United States like
the Soviet Union during the Cold War
both engineered a number of changes of
government and certainly were very
interested in shaping the politics of a
lot of countries around the world and we
still do that although I think by more
overt transparent means even today
President Putin thinks he's just
reciprocating I I genuinely believe that
how he looks at the problem but what I
would have suggested that President
Trump say is I'm not here to talk about
2016 but we do have to harden our
democracy against any effort by foreign
interference from any source or maybe 18
maybe or maybe Democrats may be
protected from the Democratic National
Committee may be protecting America's
democracy that way as well
all right let me well I mean who I mean
if there was anything rigged in the 2016
election talk to Bernie Sanders about it
all right Daniel let me get it go to you
when we'll be finished off this time
part of the program go ahead I would say
there this will continue of course our
tension in Russia phobia there's a
refusal from the foundation of this to
accept Russia not as the Soviet Union
down to even the language they don't
talk today about president Trump and
Putin being like Medvedev and Obama and
Bush and Putin it's all in the terms of
Kennedy and Nixon and these grand Soviet
meetings the World Cup is another way of
I mean how dare we see that you guys are
in the 21st century the second part of
it being you know on the summit like it
said the press conference could have
happened or not and this would have
ended up in the same level of tension
and the irony is at the point that you
made Peter we metal and in fact everyone
saying today Trump should have said if
you meddle in 18 or 20 you know our
relationships over will help out right
here at the National Prayer Breakfast
only a few months ago in Washington DC
there was a fundraiser held for Putin's
opposition right at a same conference
where President Trump was speaking so we
metal and interfere all over the world
and this is a big the large powers do
but I mean president it could have been
brought right back from Putin to Trump
about how overt you know raising money
and giving a forum to his opposition
candidate how much more blatant of
interference can you get than that okay
well we get we're gonna go to a break
here but you know the interesting thing
is that I don't think it actually has
much to do with Russia anymore it has to
do with impeachment that's what it looks
like to me all right I'm going to jump
in
we're gonna go to a short break and
after that short break we'll continue
our discussion on the Helsinki summit
stay with our team welcome back to crops
like where all things are considered on
Peter will remind you were discussing
the Helsinki summit
okay let me go back to Mary in London
and so we finished the first half of the
program here it's it seems to me and I'm
gonna express my opinion is that no
collusion has been proven actually the
last indictment actually should make
that clear rod Rosen Stein why he
announced it to the public is a mystery
to me I don't think he should have done
that but nonetheless so collusion is
kind of off the table okay obstruction
of justice
that's pretty dicey too but Russia
treason and this is what we're getting
treason when you when a political
culture starts using that term very
loosely you know you're in trouble here
this is something from the Atlantic
James Fallows and this is where it's
going this is the moment of truth for
Republicans the GOP can either defend
the United States or serve that the
damaged and defective man who is now its
president this is they're going into the
midterms election this is what they want
to do they want to start picking off
moderate Republicans as they go into the
election here it's because Donald Trump
is a traitor
that's their new message here I think
that's disgusting okay
when you start questioning other
people's patriotism you know you're in a
bad place go ahead and marry well I
think I think those were the very
extreme comments from the extreme end of
people who were talking after the after
the press conference I think that in one
respect maybe they reflect the views of
people who still hope against hope that
the may possibly be grounds for
impeachment and obviously we're looking
at the sort of pre run-up to the midterm
elections and I think that's entirely
right but what I find very difficult to
gauge from here is I understand the mood
in Washington and to a lesser extent I
understand it as it were on though on
the coasts and the Democratic dominated
coasts but I wonder how much Trump's
natural constituency Heartland America
is going to respond to all this do you
think it's going to pick up
now the idea that the president they
elected is actually disloyal to his to
his own people or are they going to say
no no the establishment has it's the
establishment that's betrayed us not the
president you know Mary it's really it's
really interesting I've been saying over
the last few weeks here and I and
viewers will know it I you know I have I
think the Trump has this envelope and in
his pocket and he pulls it out after
every single promise has been kept
I met Putin okay check Supreme Court
justice check jobs tariffs check check
check
it's not about America first it's about
Donald Trump first okay and as far as
the heartland this whole Russia gate
nonsense for them it's essentially
nonsense it's a stick to beat the
president and it's the liberal media
that does it so I think that's already
answered you let me go to Michael
because like Michael and I fundamentally
disagree on almost every single thing
okay except for the World Cup was great
but I'm gonna be friendly to my friend
Michael because I think one of the
things I think is so tragic is that
you've been mentioning at least on the
margins you know the essentials behind
the case for Russia did medal in the
election and you know what I think
you're a good honorable man and you
believe what you say but people like
myself actually bully I actually believe
what I say too
and this is the loggerhead that we have
come into and I and I think disagreement
is really really good and we have a good
banter but I'm not going to say that
you're a traitor to your own country
because you disagree with me and I think
this is what's happening right now in
the US and that can lead to no good end
go ahead Michael
no I agree with you on that point I
think mr. Brennan who's a very honorable
man and an important man in our country
because he was a CIA director he really
would have been better advised not to
use that word he could have been very
very scathing in his critique of this
specific sentence that Donald Trump used
in regard to this 2016 issue I think he
could have been very tough on that
particular point but one thing I learned
a long time ago even before getting into
public policy debates and television is
when you're going to criticize somebody
criticize a specific thing they did or a
specific word and give them a chance
therefore to make amends don't don't try
to make it about the broader character
now Donald Trump does invite debate
about this character sure because we
know he is a very controversial
polarizing figure so it becomes almost a
temptation but I think it's a temptation
that people are better off trying to
resist be specific in your criticisms
that's the way I try to operate with
this or any other president you know
Daniel okay I'm gonna get real partisan
again right now you know I looked at you
know James Comey comes out with a
message Brandon comes out
I wonder what Peter struck has been
Tucket talking about this here I mean
the the I can understand how Donald
Trump I mean he's in an office you know
500 days plus you know and he's still
having to have to deal with when is
Brennan gonna be deposed when is he
going to be questioned okay I would like
to know that okay there there's a number
of very thoughtful smart people let's
think that Brennan could be one of the
primary movers behind this fake
conspiracy I mean it seems to me that
he's projecting so much because he has a
lot to answer for and he won't because
he would everybody read everybody
wraps themselves up on the flag on this
one and that's where it gets really
dicey go ahead Daniel also Brennan has
been chastised by his own colleagues
Senate Democrats for lying to Congress
as well and nothing ever came of that on
critical intelligence testimony both
behind closed doors and overtly this is
interesting the part you're bringing
into the politics of this the base Trump
thing I'll give him the most credit in
the world as a lifelong Democrat turned
into a tea party evangelical baby boomer
Fox News viewer you know individual
politician good pretty who knows his
base he he knows his base better than
anybody that's why he tweets the red
meat to them I think that checklist you
have we're gonna end up seeing that on
campaign rallies across the country the
next few months they will not move a
needle and the more the elite engages
and
slams him on this press conference and
engagement with Russia and tried to
promulgate further Russia phobia more of
his base will completely turn that off
now the interesting part taking place
the last few days and into the next
several days is that Fox News itself the
channel that protects the president is
definitely their neocon faction and
there is attacking well elliptically
since this press conference so that may
change continues to travel down the
straight line and i give him kudos for
that either excellent job okay because
like well like michael i'm a policy guy
like policy okay all of this is great
entertainment you know if you love or
hate someone it's still entertaining you
know did you see the needle move it all
for Syria Ukraine arms control these are
topics I'm interested in and I would
like to see address did is your inkling
that something is started even if we use
the term baby steps yes I mean I think
that quite a lot has actually started
and that you know if anybody actually
listened or remembered what Putin was
saying in his statement at the opening
of the press conference which has been
practically written out of the script
now because American domestic politics
has taken over there were that there
were some quite specific moves which I
think at least make it possible that can
be there can be advances there was the
question of Syria and the United States
helping with reconstruction and setting
up actual arrangements for that to
happen there was I think probably the
most disappointing from my perspective
was that I didn't see any real progress
on Ukraine although Putin really
answered for Trump when he made clear
that there was still disagreements and
that Trump hadn't actually surrendered
on the matter of Crimea which is what
people had suggested he might do in
advance I think that are going to be
working groups set up on the various
arms
control treaties existing ones that need
to be continued and maybe new ones in
the pipeline so I think there's been
progress on all those areas plus the
actual fact that this meeting happened
so that an atmosphere and a dialogue of
a sort maybe someone has been astounded
I think we're further forward maybe not
very much but I think we are further
forward Michael basically the same
question I mean you're a policy guy I
read your stuff in the three areas that
I mentioned there it has the needle and
been moved in your mind because I'm you
know Putin was the one that brought up
about Crimea
and let me give an example for our
viewers here I think a lot of people
don't know that after the Baltic
republics were brought into the Soviet
Union during the Second World War the
United States and its allies never
recognized the Baltic republics as part
of the Soviet Union but they had arms
control agreements trade agreements the
leaders met each other they had high
points and they had low points but that
didn't stop that bilateral relationship
so why can't we do the same thing now
okay the United States and its allies
did not does not they do not recognize
Crimea as a part of the sovereign state
of Russia
but life goes on and you know you know
the the people of the Crimea have
already made up their mind I mean it
seems to me common sense but common
sense doesn't prevail go ahead Michael
well I agree with most of what you and
Mary just said I thought she did a very
nice job of summarizing what we know
about the policy discussions especially
on Syria to some extent on Crimea and
your points well-taken that this is
something that we can disagree about but
yet still contain it doesn't have to
dominate the relationship I would like
to see a fuller discussion on security
in Eastern Europe as you know but maybe
there were baby steps accomplished at
least let's go to Daniel Daniel I mean
how is Trump I mean does in Trump's mind
was this a victory because I haven't
heard I haven't read it read any tweets
since the summit here I mean how is he
going to sell us because I did notice
we're rapidly running out of time nobody
in his inner circle has actually spoken
to the press that I
we're up go ahead I think the jury's out
as to how he'll react and how he'll
assess this overtime and if the elite
media continues to assail him and his
base stays with him it'll be a victory
and I think on these key points Syria
Ukraine and arms control we will know in
weeks and months whether the needle has
moved whatsoever I think on Syria is
where I'm the most cautiously optimistic
that there may be some sort of path of
agreement that we could move forward in
the north and as well in the with the
regime but we shall see over the next
weeks and months and no matter what
happens from the UK to the US we will
still see prolific ated across the news
this attack as well as Russia is and
Russia phobia is the enemy and the
responsibility for anything that
happened in our election to brexit
instead of the internal review
you know failing the people let me close
on these words here when the debate is
lost slander becomes the tool of losers
Socrates that's all the time we have
many thanks to my guests in Washington
and in London and thanks to our viewers
for watching us here at RT see you next
time and remember crosstalk rules
you
