32 teams 64 games have finally concluded
the FIFA World Cup huge congratulations
to the French national team they get a
second gold star on those famous blue
shirt
commiserations to Croatia they don't but
they will be back soon a fine young team
there's a saying in England football
without fans is nothing and that's very
true and coming here to Russia there was
a lot of trepidation particularly in a
lot of the Western media of England
Germany France about what it was gonna
be like where they're gonna be
Russians waiting for European football
fans with really cold hearts and cold
faces the opposites happened
Russia has embraced this tournament
quite incredibly its people have their
own deianeira
watching us film what's this guy doing
here they're just very polite they're
super into their football and from day
one when we met at the clock just over
the back side there of Red Square
we met Colombians came here 30,000 of
them
Argentinians 25,000 Peruvians up to
50,000 and to get on the metro with
local Russians to talk to them about
Moscow about some of the great cities
we've been to and to see these fans
enjoying Russia and Russia enjoying them
will live with me for a long long time
and over the year on the Stan Collymore
shop don't forget been to Russia now a
dozen times coming backwards and
forwards doing interviews is that my
hope was to see the mosque in the
cathedral with lots of football fans
around in Kazan that happened to see
quite incredible some Petersburg with
its palaces and it's squares pretty much
like Red Square full with fans of
different countries and cultures that
happened but I have to say perhaps the
most powerful Russian city in terms of
what it meant to me was to follow my
country England to Volgograd in 1943 one
of the bloodiest battles of mankind
raged for several months in what was
then known as Stalingrad we're here in
front of the Mother Russia statue to
commemorate that loss I'm here to
support my country England here at the
World Cup in Russia but also to pay our
respects
it's been an incredibly sobering
experience here in Volgograd seeing the
eternal flame and seeing the respect
that people from around the world have
shown this quite incredible city
qualified for the second stage of the
FIFA World Cup and this man would have
been mightily proud the great levy Sheen
the only goalkeeper ever to win the
Ballon d'Or looms large to be in a
situation to see Russia beat Spain and
my Russian producer is way to my left
Masha jumping for joy and my Spanish
producer that had his head in his hands
was what football is about they knocked
out one of the favorites the people down
to Aris kya waving the flags honking the
horns Russia welcomed the World Cup
finally with the team that they could be
proud of what they were hoping to do was
to come out of it with a lot of pride
and if you walk around Red Square now
you see the guys playing football
lots of Russian flags painted on cheeks
lots of Rossi Rossia they've loved this
World Cup the World Cup has loved them
and people have come to the World Cup
having had the host nation enjoyed
themselves as well as fun some of the
countries so when you're from an Irish
fan furring the red man he's got 20
pounds which is about 200 roubles he
needs a ticket can we help him it's
gonna be day before when tickets are
going for 1,500 pounds apiece
20 bad good English pants well he fell
down
day two here with Russia today I'm here
at the are still us with us I hope I got
that right
was he's a bundle of life a bundle of
joy we played with each other Aston
Villa for two or three years he had the
double bonus of not just being
Australian book from Croatian heritage
so he could go all the way to the final
knocking out my beloved England in the
way we're a fantastic guy we haven't
worked together for 25 years but we work
together on the Stan Collymore showing
is a fantastic addition
it's coming home it's coming home
it's coming home so here we the trip
your family
Kira's dad Akira's brother with her that
so how you feelin today at the game I'm
quite the confident
on to Moscow the FIFA World Cup
semi-final injures are there the
expectations for England national team
were low I would have been happy with
getting out of the group and maybe
losing a classic game to a Colombia or a
Brazil in the in the second stage we got
to a semi final all of my England
friends and colleagues came in and said
like everybody else like what we've
experienced what a fantastic country
Russia Aires
we are here at the great Moscow State
Circus
so don't be scared okay she's a good guy
you can touch him chief just chew it
right engine off time to get the
mainsail up let's do some proper sailing
so basically we tried to do this sail
thing and I broke the sail just a little
bit too strong unfortunately is it the
main brace it's called come on Bonnie
let's see
we had bear in Moscow gamey beef horse
puffle I don't know what is it mean what
they're serious and we add horse in
Kazan I think the fact that we traveled
around that we ate the food that we
embrace the culture is what Russians
wanted and that for me again was another
fantastic experience
one of the things that I've really loved
about the Stan Collymore show is the
ability to go and make football legends
that run academies we all forget that
Premier League La Liga countries around
the world spend a lot of money on
academies but some ex players do it
themselves Michelle Soldado's Dubai
Academy Constanza in Romania the great
Georgie had he perhaps my favorite
interview overall why did you decide to
to want to start an Academy you could
have gone and carried on coaching or
become an ambassador or a million things
why did you want to have an academy
first of all it does my mind told to
give to the kids big opportunity to be
King became his his dream to help
because my time the other coaching they
helped me to to became bigger and for
this reason I think is good too after
football to start to build one Academy
good Academy with good concept
and with all the facility and give for
for the kids that opportunity to we came
at the bigger
oh good scale yeah
where's hagia neat Hadji on the ball due
to me yeah where is he where's the boss
this oh yes
what's the philosophy behind the the
Academy because we've had a chat already
the strategy is simple try to be the
best and the philosophy starts with
personality the personality and then
technical but of our football its
position and pressure
some of the scariest environments of
being European live football
environments one in particular parties
and Belgrade against Red Star Belgrade
my old teammate Sabo Milosevic took us
around as a former Partizan Belgrade
legend still is a legend and we went
peach side and fans were fighting and
flares were going off and the police and
the fire brigade were there so that was
fairly hairy on the other side walking
down Manhattan Beach with Alexi Lalas
very relaxed both that our sunglasses on
could have been in the middle of
anywhere rather than a football chat so
we've been to some fantastic places
bought it from me the hairiest the
scariest would be parties and Belgrade
against Red Star Belgrade
so incredible seems like you scored the
goal scorer quality we've been very
lucky to be invited to a lot of charity
events on the Stan Collymore Show
particularly involving kids the one that
stuck out for me
well two-generation amazing which is
Qatar that of course the baton passes
now from here in Russia to Qatar the
next world called an initiative to get
kids in the Middle East and Asia playing
football feeling a part of our beautiful
game and the other one was Street child
we started off at Wembley Stadium on a
cold wet morning and the guys there two
of them 14 marathons 14 days in 14
different cities on their way to Moscow
all of the kids loved it we played
football they met legends like javi what
an opportunity for kids and then the
street child Gilberto played for Arsenal
played for Brazil a World Cup winner so
for those kids to come from very
difficult backgrounds and difficult
circumstances and to get to meet
childhood heroes and to feel like people
that are involved in this sport was
absolutely fantastic
Iceland going to reckon to see the
world's smallest ever country to qualify
for a FIFA World Cup 300,000 people to
be a part of the journey to go to the
game to be with those famous tall van
and then to chat to the manager on the
pitch the next day after they did it was
my personal highlight the the Iceland
show epitomized everything good about
the Stan Collymore show but we basically
just meet up here we are the thing we
have a great time drink a little beer
then in about an hour
national coach actually comes by coach
of an international football team comes
before a game when he's in the zone he's
come to chat with the fans and give them
the team gives us the team shows us a
motivational video that he shows to the
players and basically two hours before
every match he's here getting us ready
for the match it's quite an incredible
thing to do and it kind of shows the
team spirit it's not just the players
it's not just the fans it's a whole
collaborative effort absolute the whole
nation combined into one you know so
we're going in the managers just gone in
phones off my phone is switched off so
accountability new information we're
going to get the team and nobody tweets
Facebook Instagram as a word trust
between manager and fan is quite
incredible there's only one interview
that shook me usually I go in I'm very
well prepared the last five or six
questions and our prickly footballers
can get 123 footballers 30 sports
journalists we had on the show and one
bad boy Rene Higuita much√≠simo gracias
do la bodega hasta luego
bueno Jota muchachos muy mas que para
estar el grito gracias
what can you say but don't call him a
loco for no reason because of the
political situation in Syria they can't
play in their home country so we went to
Malaysia where they played in a fifty
thousand seater stadium with around 300
syrian fans and they were within a
whisker of getting to the FIFA World Cup
they lost in a playoff to the
Australians have no right to get there
so that was one story I struggle with
mental health issues one in four people
in the UK and I would probably say one
in four people around the world and I
know that Clark Carlisle that joined us
for 30 minutes an incredible 30 minutes
so for me it was a very personal show it
was an interview that I loved doing I
don't know that the feedback that I got
from many of many of our viewers there
was a show that they remember with a lot
of fondness and a lot of insight as well
we have to focus on it is the relative
expectation now when you sold a career
in football yeah everybody knows
football it's a global phenomenon and
the riches and fortunes that can come
with it can make you a superstar sets
you up for life
so as a 9 10 11 12 right through to 17
year old I have been set aside from my
peers I've been taken out of school I've
been putting the local papers I've been
set on a pedestal because there's an
expectation for me to achieve so when
this person at 16 has that dream taken
away from them they don't drop down to
the level of their peers it's like these
guys who were once looking up to them
and now like oh look at you you thought
you were going to be the next best thing
and you actually drop off the face of
the earth but they're assuming two views
perhaps that standouts whereby I turned
into that 11 year old child that we all
do when we get into our football the
first one was Zico he took us around his
house
look at this if you're talking about
football historical documents it doesn't
get much better there are journalists
that will of course write great books
about football and there are many many
great books but for one of the FIFA
greatest players of all time to document
his own goals his own performances I
have never seen this before so this is
the World Cup that I grew up watching
and this incredible team so we have
Ireland 7 nil against the Irish 1 1 4 1
s Basia in Sevilla one free-kick nervous
ilandia for Neil yes
Argentina in Barcelona 3-1 and then one
of the greatest World Cup games perhaps
not for Brazil but for in football
history Marco Tardelli you my friend
yeah 11 Chagos 11 game in this yes 8
goals yes yes that's his hot dog kill
chip and I say the summers of the other
jobs if said only defeat in official
games that he ever had in the national
team ever but you have to say who is the
player that perhaps more than any other
it Pizza Mises what the FIFA World Cup
is about a three-time winner a winner
age 17 a quite incredible person he's
getting on now he's 77 years of age but
he still travels around the world with a
real passion and a real spirit for our
game we opened the Stan Collymore show
series really with a man that
essentially dragged all of our other
interviewees in they basically said to
me when he was on board we were on board
and that man is the greatest World Cup
player that's arguably ever lived Edson
Arantes do Nascimento the one and only
Pele listen don't forget I love you
forget bunker
he's got soul on a rock remember soul in
Makati you get a lathe any bunker say
McGarry it's like a lap board nap
liner it's the fear my Messiah crying
mama Horton Michelle all it leads me to
say is thank you to everyone at RT from
all of us on the stand Collymore show
perkily
