well I know what you're thinking guys
Andy why are you at the beach and not at
the game perhaps well it's simple enough
cuz walk this way and you'll see that
this stadium is actually right here it's
only a pebble just throw away from the
Black Sea in my mind it's the perfect
location for a game of football
welcome back near the van Basten Sachi
all the quarters of Russia right now
world
and many people would argue is that this
her scalp was one of the most eventful
at this World Cup maybe some people say
it wasn't but still what a roller
coaster of emotions I've seen here the
ground was shaped here when the goal was
scored a lot of respect a lot of respect
it was a great game I was at the Legion
in came but again before and the
atmosphere in there equaled it in fact
Mike was gonna go chanting T and the
thing I loved about that game it stumped
up to me when I was running
here the Russian fan say we're at but
what a beautiful game and it was that's
exactly what it was
you
