President Vladimir Putin is set to meet
Donald Trump in what will be the first
proper summit between the two leaders
the American president has already
landed in the Finnish capital Helsinki
which is playing host to the
high-profile meeting and although the
summit hasn't begun yet some sectors of
the media are already in panic mode so
I'm even going so far as to claim that
the American president could be a
Russian agent here's our correspondent
Kayla pappan we're getting played by our
president and certainly we get him
played by Putin you're saying that
Russia is handling president went off as
an asset that's the that seems to be the
that's the appearance to me the worst
case scenario for Trump Russia collusion
the Donald Trump has been a Russian
intelligence asset since 1987 so the
president of the United States is
actually an agent of the Russian
government
that's quite a dramatic claim to make
and it's all over u.s. airwaves here's
the lady who made it popular Putin
rather have a puppet as president and no
cop today nope it looks like the
American people didn't exactly buy this
claim at the voting booth however long
after Trump took the oath the
allegations are still with us the dots
that are connecting Trump Russia assault
the kremlin klan looted with a foreign
government this could really leave a
stain on his legacy we are already on
the precipice of losing the freedom and
independence of the nation so if Trump
is actually a Russian agent then anyone
could be working for the Kremlin
apparently a number of Americans are
part of this sinister Russian plot
including those who support the Second
Amendment
now it's emerging that the NRA may have
been under the influence of Russia those
who don't want NATO to expand if there's
objection you are achieving the
objectives of Vladimir Putin a rapper a
journalist writing about the Clinton
Foundation and don't forget Hillary
Clinton herself
everyone is colluding with Russia you've
got the the Hillary campaign you've got
the DNC you've got the FBI during the
call
whar US authorities gave instructions
about how to identify those who might
have a soft spot for the Kremlin
overlords these instructions wouldn't
look too out of place today recognising
aggression that set physical appearance
counts for nothing if he openly declares
himself to be a colluding with Russia we
take his word for it if a person defends
the activities of Russia while
consistently attacking the domestic and
foreign policy of the United States she
may be the influence of Russia
take a guess oh man
it's from Bob something arrogant for him
the Loompa I don't know if I could say
that on TV what's what's orange and
rushing
tadam ski or something perhaps okay
Trump ski I mean that's his name it's
kind of a giveaway I don't think you
were honest I don't believe in it
keep on doing what you're doing you're
doing a great job for Russia
make sure the toupee don't fly off don't
change your wife's too often or
something maybe to build more hotels you
know build more make Moscow great again
No yeah why do you think that I just
think there's too much it's too shady to
not be I think that's a tough thing to
say I subscribe to the idea of innocent
until proven guilty yes sounds crazy
you
