not the highest-scoring file of all time
but it was pretty close a what I think
it was a fitting finale to what has been
an absolutely fantastic World Cup I'm a
little bit sad that we didn't get three
more goals because then it would have
been superseded or we would have
superseded Brazil when you said that we
need one thing go see one goals were
scored in Brazil four years ago 163
before today we got there six it's a
hundred and sixty nine which is very
very high when you said we needed nine
goals I thought yeah good luck with that
it's getting interesting with our four
now got sick and and let's cut to the
chase here right so it was one one it
was pretty even Croatia started really
really well and for me the whole fourth
third 45-minute was they were the best
team and no doubt about that France
didn't really play well they looked very
nervous and then this referee and I have
to say Nesta patina who also refereed
the opening match between Russia and
Saudi Arabia in that Stadium
he also refereed Croatia vs. Denmark
again and I told you I was very unhappy
with his performance I thought it was
very one-sided then today he then brings
in var on a decision where I don't think
it's a Pouncy I believe it's a penalty
then I think the game is completely
ruined and it takes so long
he watched to so many times and you know
it just shows you that he's in doubt he
don't really think it's a penalty but he
hasn't got a clue what am I to do here
it was a huge moment lets us know it is
the moment this is why France wins this
game for one because what happened after
that they obviously score they're going
in halftime to one-up Croatia was
one-nil down got it back to 1:1 and we
have to remember they are tired they
played three times extra time but this
decision which for me is crazy it was
not a penalty if that is apparent we
will have 20 penalties in every game he
can show that VAR moment in just a
moment let's just go through the goal so
everyone understands how this game
unfolding then we'll talk vas of first
of all in Croatia had a lot of bad luck
in this game the referee give a
free-kick that is not a free-kick first
of all and then they are very very
unlucky
Mandzukic is trying to clear the board
unfortunately doesn't get to it it's a
slight defection which obviously changes
the course of the direction of the ball
and away from the goalkeeper so there
one nailed down and it's really unlucky
that I went to that point that had four
or five really sort of good
opportunities in the box not clear-cut
chances but then in in 28 minutes ten
minutes later so we we have a pattern
here in the first half by the way 1828
and we'll get to the next one name she's
been a hero for this team this guy this
guy is and I said this in a pre match
we've we've seen some new world
world-class stars and he's one of them
and then he scores his goal and it's one
one and it's very very fair this is
exactly what this game I needed crazy to
score and get it back to a level playing
field because they deserved that before
we talk about the vol just wanna say
that Croatia had a penalty appeal of
their own which they didn't get so if
you remember back to hurricane being
brought down the referee gives a penalty
it's not anywhere near the ball exactly
and I mean exactly the same thing
happens to Mandzukic and the referee
waves it off he does need but asked the
Devourer assessed he doesn't even go and
have a look and then we come to the
crazy moment what this final did not
deserve you know it's a corner kick
Chris man again kicks it in and the
unlucky man is our friend para siege
yeah just what is he supposed to do you
know and I mean the referee gives
apparently which was a big shock for me
and you give a class player like this
man an opportunity like that he will
convert and the controversy is it has to
be hand to ball yet there's got to be
intention it's got to be a deliberate
movement of the hand to them what
happens is the guy doesn't hit the ball
and he's this distance you know and you
know it just hits him what can you do
it's not a penalty I mean if that is a
penalty again I repeat myself we will
have penalties so many penalties in
every game and that's where we needed
far to avoid situations that's clear up
the controversy Phantom clear mistakes
you know clear and obvious mistakes
where the whole world can sit there and
see and today I think the whole world
sat there and so now it's not a penalty
I had a little look sort of shoot to
show social media
and commentators from other and there's
only one there's only one of all the
pundits that I kind of follow who
thought it might have been apparently he
said I probably would have given that
everyone else agrees with me it's not a
penalty so in a World Cup final it's a
big moment and I think the referee stole
that moment and I think that that
Croatia didn't deserve it but what it
did to Croatia was it deflated them then
this was a moment where you know all
that Bravo all the extra energy
everything they showed in the previous
three games
it's just disappeared and they come back
as it we've said before three times in a
row in the knockout stages they've done
it a fourth time here and then this
controversial decision knocked the
stuffing out and you felt that this was
just one time too many for them to go to
the well and and pull it back yeah you
know you will see this goal here you
know they are so tired they turn their
back to a player like March which is not
you know committing himself to the shot
Papa gets an easy side foot and and you
know it's what happens 3-1 and from that
moment on it looked really difficult and
then of course my Papa gets appalled
halfway into Croatia and he shoots from
40 yards and of course just a way it was
for France today that went in as well
and but you know we can talk about being
fair unfair that this that's not the
issue here
let me be very clear about this France
are the world champions and they
deserved to be the world champions for
me consistently been the better a better
team they've build it up they turned it
on where they needed to that big players
have performed at Papac and please man
again today did they ever look in danger
for you in this competition in the
competition that comfortable or we get
the fourth goal here Seema poverty you
know this is just a weight went for
France today a shot from that distant
goes in and let me show you here yo
because what are the things that come
out through the week one of the big
statements is deja and Lauren who's come
out and he's done this Hey look at me
now right I'm a really good defender and
you're criticize but in fact I'm one of
the best offenders in the world that's
what he said after the game against
England that's what he went out and said
which is a very bad idea to say
and let me be very clear about that
today he didn't show that and his
partner in the center center de fÃªte
vida
didn't show that either you know they
were not very good today they didn't
give Croatia the kind of protection that
they you need to have in these kind of
games and maybe LaVon got a little bit
ahead of himself unfortunately for him
it's within two months it's two of the
biggest finals you can play in that he's
lost so it's not a great time for him
but he didn't play well today and one of
the reasons that they that France scored
four goals was that you know very much a
lot of unrest in that defense now as a
as one of the great goalkeepers of all
time I'd love to get your opinion on
what you go Louis was doing in 69
minutes trying to dribble it past Mario
Mandzukic yeah I have absolutely no idea
I don't know what what what he's doing
but it you know it's what happens you
know
for one up no I don't think so I just
think you know this is this the way we
play this is what we will be done you
know I've always played like that and
then you don't expect the player to put
the leg up and years ago but that
actually gave Croatia a little bit of
life
and and we had at this point ten minutes
to go and you think whom I want to sorry
twenty minutes to go maybe just maybe
another if you could pull another goal
back
just maybe but France they did really
were the last 20 minutes they rode off
the storm they they were very solid
eight I mean we see the mistake here but
in fact and always played a really good
game and they were team that's well set
up to play on the break when teams are
having to chase the game game against
yeah but you also have a manager with a
lot of experience so so he puts in
xanzion and so and it gives you the same
kind of protection as can see poor not
over 90 minutes he can't do that but
what in Suns he also gives you he gives
you height when you're defending and
this is one of the thing that Croatia
has been really good at putting pressure
on in poles in the box so that was a
really clever move I thought that was a
clever move and of course crazy made the
the obvious substitutions if you like
but I felt you know I thought he did
really well in the substitution to this
Jam and showed himself to be a worthy
manager of of lifting the the World Cup
trophy which is gonna do for the second
time in his life once as a player that
was in 20 years ago 1998 and now as a
manager and he is joining a small group
of very famous people who's done this
Franz Beckenbauer is one of them
he won the World Cup as a player in 1974
and then again all over Brazil and
beggin bar also won as a manager with
West Germany in 1990 and then Sigala
in 58 is 62 as a manager then sorry as a
player 70 as a manager and then in 94 as
an assistant manager so that is a very
exclusive group of only three like the
PDA Deschamps he is joined today so he
is and they can be so unhappy with him
in France for all of their life but he
has won the World Cup twice for them and
he'll just show them the medals and the
trophies and say I don't care what you
think the horns are still going I love
this the World Cups over the horns are
still going to the very last moment
let's talk about a player who was being
touted as perhaps the player of the
tournament
so people were saying will it be in
Bombay will it be Luka Modric did magic
show up today and doesn't badly win that
that kind of vote is being the player at
the tournament for you now or not like
that I think it's a really difficult one
I don't think my papa did enough all of
the tournament should be the best
tournament of of that place play at the
tournament but you never know Messi won
it four years ago where you know you're
thinking what didn't I see really do in
this tournament so you'd ever never know
who is voting for this I thought marches
had a difficult game today he wasn't as
dominating and he wasn't as visual as
he's been in all the the other games
they played but you can excuse him he's
been tired but if you look at courageous
path into this final and take marches
out of that there's absolutely no way
they would be in the final I'm not even
sure that it qualified from the group
so he has been he's been fantastic but
today it was washing there it wasn't
great another name I just want to throw
in there and it could win this it's
Chris man I think he has been excellent
excellent right from the very very first
game he has probably been I said that
France has sort of progressed and played
better but but I think he is a one
player in that French team that has
played at the same very very high level
for all of the games so he could be a
contender as well but well you know I
think we'll find out those who need I'm
actually just looking at a picture live
picture that there with this jumps and
plays out like this man congratulating
Griezmann he seems to acknowledge that
Griezmann who's been a key player with
him you said he'd been consistent when
the opportunities came to him maybe he
didn't see him for big parts of a game
when the opportunities came he always
looked composed the penalties he took
what were almost Maanshan it he always
sent the keeper the wrong way it slotted
them because is that kind of penalty
taker he can wait for the goalkeepers
who commit himself so ok that that for
me is that that's fantastic you can do
that but when I look at him as a player
today see III I kind of disagree a
little bit with that I thought he was
excellent the way as soon as France win
1 nil of they also changed their tactics
so every time they got up they became
more and more defensive so remember how
Russia played against Spain France
France played a lot of the game like
that today and that requires one of your
strikes or Tullio strikers to work
really hard and that he showed that
today he was a proper team player today
he worked so hard he was tackling he was
chasing the dead causes he was running
for everything and yes first didn't have
the ball that much they didn't have so
much of the play
so therefore Chris man didn't show you
know so much of his fantastic skills in
terms of playing but he was excellent
absolutely excellent for his team and at
the end of the day and they've all set
this and you can if you read through all
the pre-match talk they all said we
don't care how we played everyone France
all the Croatian players all the
managers all the fans we don't care all
we want to do is to lift
that trophy at the end of it okay I'm
pretty sure that Croatia when you've had
a moment of reflection they're going to
be partying tonight I'm sore devil shoe
care I'll get all the players out and
all of the board they'll be celebrating
unexpected to get this far you know the
fans though they will have been dreaming
the dream when they got so close they'll
be some disappointment they won three
consecutive games in extra time two of
them five penalties no one can say that
they didn't have their nerves tested we
spoke to the Croatian president ahead of
this match she's a passionate football
fan by the way and very proud of her
national team regardless of defeat
you
