jos√©e we were saying at halftime we were
hoping things would get better and in
the end it turned out to be quite an
open game just the results was not the
result that England wants but the
performance was much better the game was
better was more a game of a third fourth
place without any kind of pressure in
the end England was was dominant and had
the best chances to score but as our
talent made it for them and and to nil
and looking to the match probably with
England 2nd of England deserve the extra
time but looking to the performance as
and the results in the globality of the
World Cup I think Belgium deserves to be
searched in seven matches Belgium won
six and they lost against France in the
in the semi-final England in seven
matches won three lost three and drew
one and the three matches that England
won two of them were against Panama
Indonesia overall Belgium deserves a
surface sure when you talk about that I
know when you talk about that defeat
against France I sense that you believe
that Belgium perhaps could be in the
final they were that close no that's I
think the problem was clearly was
clearly that some of the players and the
performed in the match where they need
two extra perform and I think for the
players if they want to be honest with
themselves which sometimes they aren't
because especially new generation of
players is easier for them to find
excuses everywhere but always run away
from their own responsibilities but if
they want to be honest I think they
would they would feel and think that
some of the important Belgian players
they were not there against France
because in terms of the talent of the
generation that
talent of the players the quality they
showed in all the other matches also in
the qualification matches Belgium is not
inferior to France
sure and even in today's game I felt -
just watching it as a fan as an observer
that it was always Lukaku
- Boronia and hazard were making the
whole game tick for Belgium and they
always looked threatening you know from
the first minute to the end they always
looked that's where the go was going to
come from no they are there are
different players and good complement
for each other and behind them
they have also good players which so
organizes very well the dynamic affirm
the team to play with with the three
Center defenders and to bring the ball
all the Valdez good with the ball the
tongan is good with with the ball when
you project himself very well from the
right side the walk you put his top of
the world Belgium has an incredible
generation the third position is not
he's not a surprise and with the way the
World Cup was developed with the teams
with more prestige with more know-how
with probably more potential going out
and out and out when they see themselves
in in the quarter-final and then in the
semi-finals I think they dreamed with
with the world tide to which they could
sure a couple of players you mentioned
there did get on the scoresheet today as
well I think we can see the first goal
if we can run that Josie just talk
generally about this goal it came very
early on didn't it from Thomas Meunier a
good cross from Chadli - but the dream
start for Belgium but obviously yeah
best start for England yeah but in the
first half as we were saying the game
was flat in the second half as we were
saying Gary and Steve they were feeling
the same as as we were and they they
read the game in a similar way that that
we did and they made changes that
improved that improved the team the team
was was more than dynamic in the in the
second half
some good chances dire arriving in in
that position is an and number six the
defense media player to arrive in their
position is an extra saying stones
McGuire coming with the ball into the
midfield and giving some freedom to
other players Rochefort I don't say
quality because he didn't have many of
quality situations but his happiness his
youth his movement gave a good dynamic a
to the team to England was better in the
second half but then Belgium was what
the majority of the teams were by the
defensive point of view you know during
the season some some managers are are
criticized by some concepts but the
reality is that one word can describe
almost everything defensive philosophy
compact everything was compact and I say
that is the most important thing in in
defensive organization in football you
can be compact up you can be compact
back but compact and was what Belgium
decided to do and bring all I don't say
the eleven players but nine ten players
to be compact in the first defensive
third creating difficulties to England
waiting for the right moment to to
counter-attack like they did in the
second goal and based on that
compactness they were solid defensively
they were in the one in control of the
game and in the end you know in a better
England second half they would in
control sure and right at the end it was
about with nine minutes to go
Belgium got their second golden has out
I think that got that we can run the
girl to but it was a breakaway gold as
you were describing a breakaway
then he finds himself in one of the
spaces that happen when it in place with
recent effects and to wing-backs
which is the space between the wing back
that he's in an attacking position and
the the center back on the right or on
the left in this case hazard was 101 one
against one situation with Jones Jones
and balance difficulty to turn with us
our body movement and then when he is
facing the the keeper he is the kind of
guy that is cool
he doesn't get nervous in front of the
keeper he saw he saw the hole in the
first post and goodbye
a sad end for England I feel just as a
fan really because I've watched them
certainly against Colombia the penalties
it was great drama that night you know
we got rid of that voodoo penalty
shootout the World Cup and I just feel a
bit yeah I think has I think he's the
feeling is the feeling because as I was
saying before the team that is the third
and the fourth goes home after two
defeats and the feeling is not good but
the reality is that the fourth did
better than that then the teams that
were knocked out in the quarter-final or
in the last 16 but you go home with the
feeling of I almost touch the sky and
now I go home after two defeats with no
matter with anything I think what
England brings clearly home is a team
with the future I think you can you can
feel you can read in the details that
the relation between Gary Steve the
players is a good relation so I think
they have a good a good base for
continuity and normally England
at the teams when they don't get your
objectives in in in the final
competitions they change they start from
beginning I think England has all the
reasons for not to do that give
continuity to the to the process believe
in in the process the three or four
players that are not going to be in the
next generation can be easily replaced
by other other talents that are playing
in in the Premier League so I think the
future can be can be very good I
wouldn't be risking a lot if I say that
in the next World Cup in in in four
years time England has conditions to do
better and I've done very well over the
last two years because I remember to the
reaction when they lost in the euros and
2016 to Iceland and fans were very angry
towards England same in the players but
now all that's changed is a happy
relationship between fans and the
players and I hope that these
frustration of the last two matches is
not going to change that and I think
after the euros the feeling was that
team is over I think the feeling now is
not that the team is not over England
has a goalkeeper father for the future
England has a striker for the future
England has midfielders for the future
England has a base of continuity and
that's a different that's a different
feeling I would say you look to the
French team and a good thing for them
too is that is not the end of a
generation that generation of players
are part of a couple of them there will
be again in the euros will be again in
the next World Cup you look for example
to Croatia and you feel is the last
World Cup for Luka for Luka Modric and
if it is the last World Cup for Luka
what is going to happen to us towards
Croatia when you look to Portugal and
you think Cristiano is 33 next World Cup
Christian is 37 what is going to happen
to us
in
in England you don't have this this
situation the players can only be can
only be Berra is also our response I
would say second responsibility but
these are responsibilities for as
managers of the top clubs to to also
care about the place that potentially
are plays for the English national team
so I think things are going in in the
right direction I repeat one name that I
think deserves to be repeated the Nash
words fantastic job is doing in the
India Fayette at every level Gary is a
good guy is a guy that has a good
relation with us managers of the top
teams there is communication I think
there are only conditions too after this
little frustration after big hopes I
think there is only reasons to be to be
positive and not be dramatic over critic
I think it's time for balance and and to
say okay it's finished or tomorrow will
be will be finished and let's go for
them for the Premier League
without players for the majority of the
big teams because we cannot start the
Premier League with with with our
players involved in in the World Cup
which is a shame for them the most
important club competition in the in
Europe sure just on that point when were
your place when they get back they
return just let people know how much of
a break do they get before they come
back into the they're going to have
three weeks which i think is the minimum
that their body and soul needs and is
the minimum to make them return with
conditions to to think about football
again I think to bring them back before
that I think would be would be be like
okay I have you for the first match of
the season but maybe I don't have you in
three or four months so I think the
three weeks is the
minimum they need which mean that they
are going to be back in the week where
the Premier League starts which mean
that they are not ready to to start a
Premier League which is I think
difficult to understand when we could
have perfectly one more week for for
everybody to prepare everybody because
for example the the Community Shield I
imagine that is going to be Chelsea
second team against Manchester City
second team am I going to watch the
Community Shield not at all I'm not
going to lose my time and the same way I
think probably the majority of the fans
are going to to think about it and then
the beginning of the Premier League
unless PAP and you organ and the Maori
issue unless they sing different then
than me the place that reached the
semifinals and the finals they cannot
start a family okay now before we go
tonight we have to talk about final
tomorrow France Croatia France favorites
but I tell you what Croatia keeps
surprising at this World Cup don't they
it's no certainty that France will lift
the World Cup tomorrow I don't think you
know I think you can say France is
favorite by by little details yes you
can but you can also say that in finals
there are no favorites which I agree
totally
of course I lost a few finals but I
think until the end of my career I will
always say finals are not to be played
finals are to win the spirit that you go
to the final is that you are going to
win of course I lost and everybody loses
but the feeling has to be that one and I
believe that Croatia is going with that
with with that feeling of course of
course the fact that France played only
five matches I say five because their
last match in the group phase these
players they didn't play and the fact
that Croatia they play seven
because six three in the group phase
with the same players three in the
knockout plus three extra times makes an
extra match one team played in one month
five matches another team played seven
can these make a difference can can can
and shoot I think is not also fair more
24 hours more 24 hours to to rest but
this is the power of the money this is
the power of the broadcaster's I love
tennis and I I also think he's not fair
that Anderson played yesterday and Nadal
in the and Djokovic they were killing
each other today until three or four
o'clock and now they play the final
tomorrow but I think that can play that
can play a part in in the final tomorrow
but Croatia has it was in 1998 I think
it was when they play semi-final against
France is a fantastic generation no
bobbin no divert sugar no Slaven but
Luca is phenomenal racket each pair is
each all each day they are in in in a
fantastic generation so I think they can
win in spite of I give advantage to
France I think I think Croatia will will
give them a hard time especially if the
result is in a certain balance if the
result for some reason gets a little de
collage then I think by the physical
point of view they will not react but
their spirit the spirit of the small
country that is not expected to be there
the players are ready for sure they are
ready to give everything it will be
great a fascinating contest chose a
thank you so much for your analysis
today
you
