we are joined by special guest Didier
Drogba who's played in no less than
three World Cups and as he walked into
our studio we lost all power that is how
you make an entrance as I said you
played in three World Cups so you can
compare how have you enjoyed this one
compared to the wall I mean different
this time you've been here as a pundit
but having enjoyed it yeah it's
different because when you were playing
you know you know better than me
it's difficult to to enjoy the
atmosphere you in the camp and and and
you're focusing on your games and you
don't really feel the atmosphere and
your fans you only feel it when you when
you play you at the stadium but listen
what I've seen so far for me is a great
great great World Cup in terms of
organizations in terms of games the
quality of the games the quality of the
stadiums and the Russian people you know
I think it's a it's a very positive
energy that we've seen here a lot of
people were surprised but actually this
happen and and Frank thanks to food as I
said you hear as a pundit and have your
coat colleagues you know a lot of other
former footballers that they've been
surprised as well by what they've seen
here yeah they've been surprised because
obviously we have some I don't know you
call it like this usually we say
anything yes or you you you come here
with certain ideas and and what we saw
here is that football can help you to to
to erase this these ideas we have we've
had the chairman of the local organizing
committee for Qatar we've had the
president of CONCACAF before obviously
very heavily involved in the 2026 and
and they we've been asking the same
question so so what is what is this done
to your preparation and they're very
much aligned with the same thing where
they've set a benchmark in there
this DS has been fantastic but what
about so - we can all agree that this
has been fantastic in in terms of
organizing and the party that they're
you know being here as a fan being as a
pundit what about the football how do
you think this is a football has been
well I think the food was as you can see
we're having a final that I'm not sure a
lot of people predicted you know France
against Croatia and well the big the big
teams they supposedly out and and and I
think is good for football and you can
see that now there's no small teams no
more you know players from let's say
Morocco or from the play in Italy in the
best league like Madiba NASA players
like I mean different things where it
was supposed to be to be less important
the plane was in those leagues so now
that the game is global so the
difference between the big teams before
like Brazil or even other teams and and
these small teams
the difference is reducing so that's why
we see these kind of results and and
nothing I'm quite happy about that
because it gives maybe a chance for
Ivory Coast in the next the next without
curves to Dimension X but because even
though the test is between the smaller
teams and the pick of the smaller
countries and the big all teams from
Africa didn't perform too well is that a
concern or are you worried about that I
think it's a concern because and and we
in Africa we need to to organize
conference to speak about it to try to
find the the why and how we can change
it and and and when we're going we're
going to do it and the president of the
article consideration is organizing this
so and and we'll ask all the actors of
African football to to speak and to
debate about it so I'm I'm positive this
was
a difficult result for African teams but
I think it's a good way also it's
important to see this to witness this to
understand that we need to change things
what do you what do you think needs
changing what areas are you know needs I
think we need certainly we need to keep
the creativity you know the the
craziness you know the the the power the
physique of African football and and but
you need also you know the
the consistency you know and the
organizing organization of European
teams and I won't say Europe and
actually experienced teams we need to
learn from this team but the team like
Senegal was very well organized and
maybe compromised a little bit on the
creativity is going up goals I don't
know what what you take on their
performance I think I think one you want
to go find a big tournament like this
you need you need a good spine a strong
spine you know you know again you know
when you're in Manchester your spine was
unbelievable and and in the good
goalkeeper you need a good central
defender you need a good number six you
need a good striker because all these
people are the ones who are gonna make
the difference for you and and the
players around you will will follow you
you need good leaders and I think
Senegal at few players but it wasn't
enough for them to go far in terms of
goals obviously you scored a lot of them
as a striker I hope I've got my history
right here you scored in the Champions
League final yes yes that should be
basic knowledge me your country's first
ever goal how do those cos me this is as
high as you get as a footballer how does
it compare that the sensation scoring
the first ever both your country in a
World Cup well when I scored that goal
were losing to knew so I didn't really
think about it but later when you you
you realize that you've been the the
first player to from Ivory Coast where
espana Walter you you say to yourself I
think it's it's quite an achievement you
know to make a story for a small country
like like Ivory Coast and to be there in
this big competition with these big
teams there's a lot to be proud of
you are you peeing you peeing Axl do you
claim action role in organizing you
talked about the community or a Congress
to speak are you are you someone who
could take the lead and say listen we
need to do better would you put yourself
out there well I'm really happy to do it
because it's it's it's our it's our
concern and you see today you ask me the
question it means that there's something
wrong
from Afghan football and and as a number
sort of of of Africa and African
football I need to get involved I think
I went to to Europe and I and I learned
a lot everyone has been an affinity
opponent to bring East knowledge and and
to share it with if those teams and with
the continent do you feel it's a
responsibility that because how many
people are in your position you know
well recognized successful do you feel
like it's a duty for you to do that
because if you don't who else I mean for
me I I believe that when you've been
playing with the best and the people
mentioned you as one of the best it's
important to to leave a legacy and and
for me to participate in in in this to
try to help the continent is my way of
leaving a legacy because I believe that
what's the point of being a champion
and if behind you that there's no more
normal people there's nothing it means
that you've been playing for yourself
and football is a familiar collective
spot where you bring people together and
I I really want to to inspire people so
that's that's what I'm doing is it more
than footballer needs to change is it
also culture I mean I have traveled a
lot in Africa yes and there's a such a
big difference from West Africa to East
Africa yes yes
so is it is it more than football is
that also culturally that
that African nations needs to change in
order to become highest-performance if
you like and yeah you know you know most
of the time for example in West Africa
when you don't get the result you
expected you you like it's okay next
time I'll do better and and and so it's
okay it's God's will you know and and I
have this positive mentality as well but
at the same time I hate losing here so
so I think that's the chance I have
living Ivory Coast's at age six and
growing up in Europe and and being
surrounded with people who always want
to perform and perform and playing teams
who over once wants to win so I have
both and I agree with you I think is
mentally we need to believe that we can
go to a World Cup but to win it not to
participate no more
we've been participating but now we have
to make sure that the next time we go
there is like Croatia to be in the final
and get a chance to win it I think
that's a quite a few surprises in it and
is that good football when you see the
likes of you know the hosts Russia
beating Spain yes they had to be pretty
defensive but Mexico beating Germany is
that good I think it's good for football
because look at Spain for example and
they they are one of the best part in
the world and and they play one of the
best football but you see that football
is still football to win a game you have
to spoil a ball more than the other team
and and and if you don't even if you
play well you're out you know so you
need to be efficient and
and football allows teams like Russia
teams like I don't know any other
Croatia to be in that position and to
get the chance to do that otherwise it
would be too easy to oversee Germany
Spain
you know Brazil in the competition oh we
got France and Croatia tomorrow in the
fan let's talk a little bit about this I
mean obviously you have the big
background yeah yeah I'm French as well
and from our request I'm from from
France and look I was I was in Paris for
the semi-final and and the images and I
couldn't sleep the night after the game
because of the noise insurance that is a
impossible not the excitement the
excitement of France being in a final
twenty years later and yesterday I saw
massive Asahi no hablo Kazakh humble and
and and they were a bit scared because
these boys are ready to make history and
make sure that before you forget about
this I know that you can't partner in a
football club now I don't know how
involved you are in the management side
of it you work for one of the best
managers of them of the modern the era
of Josie Mourinho be careful what you
say because we're about to go live to
him in Manchester in a moment
what have you thought about the managers
in this World Cup the technical changes
have been made we've been pressed by
anybody in particular
I I think I want I'm not going to answer
in the way maybe you want but I want to
highlight Alice you say the manager of
Senegal because I think you truly were
impressed by the work you did with the
team and and it was the the only how do
you say home-ground coach i say from
from from his from his country from the
African teams and I think he did quite
well and and and he's an example of what
we should do
to raise a level I completely agree with
that's why I said with the organization
but then you know he hadn't probably had
enough time to build the whole team
together so you score goals as well what
about you find the players also you know
what about Stanislav GCS off who was
hated in Russia for two years no one
supported and the work he did here it
reminds me a bit of image okay in France
nobody believed in into the French team
they did a lot of friendly games and he
was criticized like light never and and
when he won the final the final they put
him as God so management is not easy
it's really not easy
you
