speaking exclusively with Larry King on
this channel Russia's foreign minister
says that in the absence of any real
evidence these days highly likely now
seems to be enough for some Western
governments to dam Russia in a multitude
of cases Sergey Lavrov also touches on
this channels difficulties abroad
donal quarters here to take us through
the interview hey there Donald would you
tell us about it then so far well the
interview covered a number of hot-button
issues regarding Russia's relation to
the rest of the world and one of which
was Trump's recent comment at a NATO
summit where he said that Germany was a
captive of Russia and this was because
the Germany was one of the European
countries that just approved the
construction of the Nord Stream 2
pipeline now this is a gas pipeline that
would run directly from Russia to the
European Union and while Merkel denied
these accusations that it had anything
to do with being in captivity let's see
what Lavrov had had to say about it in
the interview how did you react when
when President Trump said that Germany
is totally controlled by Russia I can
only quote what President Trump said
when he was asked whether President
Putin is his enemy or his friend he said
he is a competitor a strong competitor
but speaking of competition I always
believed in free competition because
free market is about fair competition
and when the United States Secretary of
Energy mr. Perry said that the North
stream to pipeline must be stopped and
those European countries whose companies
would be participating in this project
would be sanctioned by the United States
because because the United States is for
competition a Russian authoritarian gas
is supposed to be worse than the
Democratic American guest then I'm
awfully sorry but this is not economy
this is not competition this is a pure
ideology now shifting gears back to
America Larry King also asked Lavrov
what he thought about the American
intelligence community's unanimous
decision that they believed that Russia
had interfered in the 2016 presidential
elections in the US
now citing a lack of evidence amongst
other things Lavrov
this to say about it the anonymous
conclusion by the entire American
intelligence community is that your
government influenced the American
elections in 2016 it's a report signed
only by three agencies out of a dozen of
intelligence agency who normally would
participate in anything called the
opinion of the entire intelligence
community of the United States then I
saw the report of the Senate
Intelligence Committee which are
asserted and you know that Russia has
been interfering with elections and then
no single fact was produced now the
investigation of this Saulsberry
poisoning is also going on without any
transparent information highly likely
thing and the assertion that there is no
other credible explanation is becoming a
rule on which the Western friends try to
base their policy on Russia now the
interview also went to Artie's image
internationally as RT America recently
was listed under the jurisdiction of a
foreign agency and the French government
is actually considering putting together
a list of news agencies that considers
to put out fake news now let's see also
what Lavrov had to say about that
we are concerned that the RT which is
not foreign to you is being labeled by
for example the French government as
agent of influence and the same French
government introduced a draft law to
their Parliament which is intended to
compile the blacklist of media outlets
which are suspected of spreading fake
news and even more seriously this
blacklist would be accompanied by
compiling on at the government level at
the legislation level a list of media
resources which would be recommend
two national regulators of cyberspace as
reliable sources if it does not
censorship then I don't understand much
in this life concerning this program
which is on our tea and other sources
party has never interfered with this
show at all never edited us never
sensitise or anything so I'd go on
record as saying that now of course
those were only a couple of the main
points of the interview but to see the
whole interview you'll be able to see it
tonight on Larry King show political on
Rt America tonight midnight twelve
o'clock at Moscow time yeah they'll be
good watch Donald thanks for the update
for this you take it apart a bit more
throughout the afternoon thanks for now
you
