while many of us go through life with
the pursuit of money on our minds were
often told that money can't buy
happiness but what truth is there in the
saying is there a correlation between
money and happiness and if so how can we
use it to our advantage
humans are very sensitive to change when
we get a raise or Commission we really
enjoy it but we adapt at incredible
speeds to our new wealth some studies
have shown that in North America
additional income beyond $75,000 a year
ceases to impact day to day happiness in
fact people who win the lottery often
report becoming extremely unhappy they
often end up spending all the money
going into debt and experienced ruined
social relationships
so surely money can't really buy
happiness well recent studies suggest
that the problem may actually be in the
way that we spend money instead of
buying things for yourself try giving
some of it to other people and see how
you feel studies show that people who
spend their money on others feel happier
and while people who spend it on
themselves don't necessarily become less
happy their happiness is unchanged this
same principle has been tested on teams
and organizations as well
one experiment showed that instead of an
organization writing a large check to a
charity dividing the amount of amongst
employees and allowing them to
contribute to a charity of their
choosing increased their job
satisfaction
similarly individuals that spent
monetary incentives on each other as
opposed to themselves increased not only
job satisfaction but improved team
performance and sales this has been seen
in both sales and sports teams almost
everywhere we look in the world we see
that giving money or gifts to others is
positively correlated with happiness
interestingly the specific way the money
is spent on others isn't important from
trivial gifts to major charity efforts
spending something on others is the
important aspect in increasing your
happiness the emotional rewards of
pro-social spending are even detectable
at the neural level if you are going to
spend the money on yourself
try to go after experiences as opposed
to material things traveling or going to
an event is more impactful for the vast
majority of people in the long run and
while you're saving up for these big
experiences don't forget about the daily
joys in life many small frequent
pleasures help to get you through the
days and encourage change
stimulates the brain instead of buying a
$3,000 rug that provides a one-time
experience for the next 10 years a $5
latte with friends will be different
each time offering unique access to
happiness opportunities though money is
unlikely to be the main source of
happiness in our lives it certainly has
the potential to make some things easier
and complicate others but at the end of
the day it can buy happiness if spent in
the right way got a burning question you
want answered
ask it in the comments or on Facebook
and Twitter and subscribe for more
weekly science videos
