have you ever gone out on a clear night
look to the horizon only to notice a
gigantic moon staring back at you surely
this is the biggest you've ever seen it
maybe it's just closer to the earth
today but what if I told you that that
moon is the exact same size as every
other time you've ever seen it in the
sky and it was in fact playing a trick
on your brain it's called the moon
illusion though an explanation of this
optical phenomenon is still debated what
we do know is that when the moon sets
closer to the horizon it seems bigger
but if we measure it in the sky it's the
same size you can test this by holding
your thumbnail at arm's length and
comparing it to the size of the moon do
this when the moon is near the horizon
and high in the sky and you'll notice it
doesn't change size so why does our
brain process it so differently the main
theory suggests that when the moon is
near the horizon there are many visual
reference points trees buildings
mountains with which it's size may be
compared but when the moon resides high
in the sky there's nothing around it to
compare and it seems smaller against the
fastness of the night sky it's similar
to an effect known as the Ebbinghaus
illusion which of these orange circles
is larger it turns out they're the exact
same size but the objects surrounding
them have an effect on our brain the
small circles are comparable to the
horizon moon with smaller objects in
sight while the large circles are
comparable to the high moon surrounded
by vast night sky furthermore our brains
are used to objects moving towards the
horizon becoming smaller like clouds so
when our brain sees the moon at the
horizon appearing the same size in our
retina it compensates for perspective
and assumes it must now be physically
larger still not convinced try bending
over and looking through your legs at
the horizon moon the effect is gone
because upside down trees and buildings
don't register as familiar objects and
your depth perception isn't confounded
or for the less flexible take a photo of
both moons your camera won't suffer any
optical illusions and you can clearly
see the moon is the same size got a
burning question you want answered ask
it in the comments or on Facebook and
Twitter and subscribe for more weekly
science videos
