with a 2012 London Olympic Games
beginning in under a month many athletes
have been hard at work training day in
and day out but some endurance
competitors have found a secret
advantage one that lurks high above sea
levels and upon mountaintops no it's not
Julie Andrews but rather the altitude
itself these athletes are using altitude
training most of us have experienced
being underwater and the pressure that
comes along with swimming too deep this
is because the further down you go the
more water molecules you have above you
compressing the water down on you this
pressure can even cause your ears to pop
the same goes for air at sea level the
air particles exist at a particular
distance from one another and the higher
up you go the less pressure they have on
them allowing them to spread apart more
freely but because of the spreading the
availability of oxygen for you to
breathe in actually decreases so how
could this possibly create an advantage
well to compensate for the lack of
available oxygen in your body a protein
in the kidney called erythropoietin is
triggered and begins the production of
more and larger red blood cells blood
cells carry oxygen around the body so
the more blood cells you have the more
oxygen can be transported to your
muscles and organs but this process
takes some time which explains why some
people feel sick when quickly traveling
to high altitudes their body simply
isn't receiving enough oxygen once the
extra erythropoietin kicks in their body
will slowly acclimatize but just as it
takes time for the process to kick in it
can take a while for it to turn off as
well in fact it can take up to 10 to 14
days after returning to lower altitudes
for this reason many athletes will
subject their bodies to high altitudes
preferably over 2400 meters so that when
they come back down to lower levels
their body has increased blood cell mass
and volume this method has been dubbed
the live high train low principle
whereby the athletes train at lower
altitudes in order to not over exhaust
their body or get sick this extra oxygen
in the body not only creates a distinct
advantage for aerobic athletes but could
be the distinction between bronze silver
or gold in fact some facilities are now
being created as low
oxygen level houses the athletes live
and sleep inside of the house but train
outside where their bodies will take in
higher oxygen levels a somewhat natural
alternative to drug enhancements got a
burning question you want answered ask
if in the comments or on Facebook and
Twitter and subscribe for more weekly
science videos
