the ministry to the point yes all right
guys what's going on I hope you enjoyed
this very special behind-the-scenes
footage of the Batman 10 premiere make
sure you like make sure you comment and
definitely subscribe and at the end I
will be announcing something huge so
make sure you tune in right till the end
because it's gonna be a crazy
I do already know so I come over
feel very uncomfortable especially in 30
degrees and selfish but yeah we're here
representing premier
thumbs up
I'm sorry
well the first thing like this I told
these two competition we were just
really excited we just couldn't wait to
come
like the ones who won the competition on
Instagram very happy to be here I'm
following hundreds of years this tired
but very happy to be emotional new
series for the premiere
eight is starring in it I've seen a
trailer I look sick can't wait to watch
it
obviously which is premier we've been
following it since day one we now have
two levels good crazy to be a big fan of
a young man in that big fans where the
biggest wave biggest right green and
obviously you see me development right
now to me this is where cars today - Mud
Bay from their faces we got everyone how
would you see it let me see the team
called fair working month you don't not
even see my brother's an amazing job man
she fucking with you
Oh
let's get these pictures inside
Oh
they'll up to everyone out here but it's
been amazing it's been good watch it
brother so hopefully people will like it
look
I hope you really enjoyed this this is
it took three to four months and yes
this take took a long time and I don't
even know what to say I didn't plan this
I just thank you for for everyone coming
I would like to give a big shout out
also to the girls Shireen Meena who
wasn't here kisara and us who's
obviously come from far thank you girls
for being you know brilliant and always
having my back I really appreciate thank
you too Danny
my manager is being a dick where is he
you know love them to bits and Easy's
he's done me proud and honestly it's
just it's been a great journey
and I love working with gnocchi just in
his house literally for like 12 hours a
day and he just kept coughing and sing
one of you is gonna get you now I wanna
say thank you to Sammy and yogi and
janae who have literally been the
backbone if it wasn't for yogi janae and
Sammy anything I want to say is look
when I started I need that being a brown
Pakistani Muslim it was going to be very
hard for me to achieve my dream but I
just loved it I love to make people love
that was just whether I was good or bad
I just loved it so much because I always
say this with all my talks meantime you
have traveled all around the world I
don't always say you know life is so
hard you know like we go through so many
so many emotions whether it's you know
family issues or stress or financial
problems or heartbreak of losing a loved
one whatever it may be but you know
making someone off for 10 seconds just
for 10 seconds they forget everything
and I think that's the most beautiful
thing we do for another human being and
that's why I do comedy today if you're
passionate about something genuinely
hand on heart nothing can stop you you
just need good people around you and you
know what to beef it this is not an
event the people here even though yes
there's so many people in the industry
but you know you're my friends we're
gonna chew in about half an hour
together anyway you know that was fun in
it yeah
verse one yeah I mean like you know you
guys are friends and to share that with
you but but it's just something that I
love doing
I really enjoyed it and I had good
people around me good people to help me
do everything
thank you very much they would stop me
you know I mean that when everyone sees
it's going to be a madness it was crazy
man that runs on you says eat and I
loved every second of it yeah man so
fantastic event much bad that I even
expect you
it was amazing
a really white button to do season
guys with behind the seats it was kick
best thing I've been at the scene
you guys check out his flash didn't just
like the movie acting employed story
like employed by us we make sure you
have a box of tissues
but it's a teacher pickup I love it
Batman pen do you know what I just wanna
say I know hands on you work so high so
high so well done hands are and you're
supplying support hands are support
Batman's head I loved it bigger
in every way I must answer for what he
did not the one
was amazing pick up tide comes up
we were caught on this premier was very
hard
wait
you're confident
it was lit it was lit it was filed it
was fireworks it was American fourth of
July it was smoky music hero Hans Hans
acting is
the seasonal contest
yo
g-good amazing turnout
yo guys we say to chef Roy Harris Jake
must because you behind the camera
listen just come out on the butt ever
screening of Batman 10 and let me tell
you I'm not saying this is a madness
he's got everything in it it's got
comedy and I'm not talking about no
normal covered you covered you out
crying that there's a scene I don't have
split it when there's one scene I was
literally crying over then it's got some
mad emotional part at the end where you
have to this just have to see it it's
got everything in it the actor is sick
so I'm just letting you guys know that
it's coming out tomorrow and you have to
you have to see it spread the word make
sure you guys 2/10 love to my boy hunter
that's my boy my cousin
and now the time is here
the huge announcement which is from next
week on Sunday we will be holding the
Batman season two auditions that's right
if you're an actor or an actress or
someone who'd love to be in season 2
then guys all you need to do is go on my
Instagram I will post off this flyer now
what you need to do is you need to email
this email address okay with pictures a
bio about yourself where you're from how
old you are why you want to be a part of
Batman season two then fewer the lucky
chosen one you will be emailed back and
given all the details for Sunday and you
will be coming in to audition and
hopefully you can turn out to be you
know like one of the other auditionees
from the first season which is TJ new
Chevy all these guys came to the last
audition and look how well they did we
want people from all different races
boys or girls it doesn't matter as long
as you're talented and as long as you
have a passion make sure you take
advantage of this opportunity because
it's crazy huge higher to a sponsors for
the Badminton premiere which was jinan
and Junoon if you want to be a part of
season 2 there make sure you send your
emails now
