it was like he was stressful it's
finally paid off the same it I mean
Haram I should really stop bill yogi
because I'm wearing a thong right now
thank you for all the people that like
my Facebook page thank you for the
people that wanted me on Twitter thank
you for all the people who are following
me on Instagram Thank You minute no no
our Batman series is finished there if I
mention it's a whole new story cuz it
was sick you know that's kind of like
big and it for me to say cuz I just have
one new and I'll be final
messy I don't care about these I don't
care about what people say what I want
is to make people laugh and this is my
big announcement basically I'm the only
back on YouTube I'm gonna be back Jimmy
what I'm saying so basically what I'm
trying to say if every Sunday every
single freaking Sunday there will be a
new video out I lost two weeks max
probably one actually I mean actually
release anything knowing me
you know that that character from Barry
Oh Batman
now he has his own show and it's cool
bubble one watch this
it's gonna be sick then there's Sunday
after that which is the 12 of January
I'm gonna release unusual that is
dedicated to the Diary of a Batman fans
is finished but my new show is gonna be
cool Batman blocks it's basically gonna
be like episode but just me on the chair
chatting so much crap like how I used to
do in favor Batman and here's the
trailer like there's no point on me
showing you a trailer because it's just
me on a chair in it it's not a stupid in
it I'm using go to the trailer and like
we caught from this scene to the other
scene which is gonna be me on the chair
anymore do you want a shit so the 19th
of January
another new so basically after we made
smoky bothers me and jazzy sat down and
relax what we gonna do now so Jesse and
I have made our very own show black and
brown
black-on-black crime is not will be some
random video it could be behind the
scenes it could be some of my stand-up
it can be a parody bloopers Q&A a video
of me killing a dog
so the first Sunday of every month is
gonna be back I mean I'm back about to
get dark enough no one over here cuz I'm
leaving a mark and I'm killing to be
forensically talking and haters are
under me see me walking and one of the
best and there's no point arguing all
around the world people are burning this
gets hungry who's been starving and
we're up a lot so there's no bargaining
I was jumping it stopped from way back
nigga be trippin a shit that a crack I'm
gonna rhythm and I straight up a chat
faster come on the Formula One race
track
