no we tried once by like another like
the Christmas tree was weak receiving
your agent Christmas sucks all my white
friends will be like jolly good right
your eye oh yeah
your eye mine yeah what did you have for
Christmas dinner my had been here
haven't you know is that like Santa
Claus looks like a movie just me what
happened to the end of the world the
reason why I had a bad feeling was for
one reason only
those conspiracy videos on YouTube and I
mean you've seen those conspiracy videos
that say that aliens are gonna take over
the world now you can call my dad aliens
are so short man like Bengali family in
beta
when dollies are much shorter and Brad
do you have that one friend one freak of
a friend that has two dads but when you
sit down and you're watching a music
video he would turn around and say the
same thing that's the triangle do you
see that that's Leuven are you brother
it was it let me pause it fine
Illuminati own all the triangles of the
world I feel sorry for triangles because
they've been stereotyped hate
stereotypes man I love I've had this one
friend he should I like it he's so she
like him I don't even call him by his
name
I call him show her rank him rap he is
so black you know those boos in trouble
no those no tiny beat though those black
balls and rice supposed to give it
flavor but it tastes like crap Remy's
not even black he's dog black even his
parents no cooler by his name they just
call him black from you know you're
black when like your skin color is
darker than your head you know sometimes
he takes it too far
like I remember this one time here man
was hungry so me and how we beat me
decided to go and get some food like
chicken and chicks in it but I was so
hungry I could eat those black balls you
know from the trowel
so he could say yeah we saw the same
my friend eternal ramen she was like
ain't going there bro that's the new boy
it's a chicken shop even if Illuminati
was real I don't think they would have a
board meeting and the CEO would be like
we are the numerous water and I have big
plans big plans I want to put satellite
dishes in the sky satellites in space so
I can monitor all the human beings of
the world it'll control Facebook Twitter
and a crap one that did make it high
five and we will control the cameras
media television radio movies and music
videos to corrupt the minds of the young
generation and we will start wars and we
will kill millions of innocent people
and maybe a chicken shop just in case we
get hungry yeah
I even spoke to my auntie about it they
say the 21st of December is gonna be the
end of the world good this so do you
think they're going to have a sale on
maybe like in the shops
okay put there as you know the Christmas
zero is a bloody finish now nobody care
now but that only means it is the boxing
game she's probably thinking why did
that I don't know I think it's the pawn
but basically I was sitting in the
office last night naked thinking I have
to take the Masterclass sales tactics
minimalistic laughs I mean to us that is
really master okay get this buy two for
the price of four and get the third one
absolutely this is a pretty rubbish idea
you parents relationship is bloody
rubbish what he always creamy lacks oh
crap okay
Salman Khan's cuca you ever took a
toilet with your face go okay yes yeah
that's my job
you like idiot
that's disturbing right what what I have
been working here for 10 years
so if it's okay with you could you tell
me please when you're going to find me
she want to pay you you ungrateful boy
baby give me my boy tell anyone must be
fantastic no after 30 seconds my dad
co-op and head by add me in the chest
but then after we had the talk I just
want you to make the same mistakes your
father made me this one time in a pack
stock it was me my friend this play
cricket
barefoot it was crazy because we didn't
even have a batter a ball you know we're
just we're just doing the action zero
then it's so hot let me tell you
something baby nothing more sexy then a
woman claiming it's not even a promise
like store together and it's tied up you
know and they just succeed and I
remember my friend telling me that in
Pakistan Today show the women that do
you not do you kill a cat yeah you could
buy her flowers shut your mouth arms are
that's stupid
you're the girl to fall in love with you
Pakistan you have to kill a cat it's
cold
love Hamza now it's cold murder so then
I started looking for a cat and then I
found this small cute fluffy cat oh my
god hamza it was it was so cute so I
killed it
yes the bad blood everywhere all over
my face and I'm like look I did this way
Oh could you kill my cat there enough
times I should have killed her cat that
was just poor judgment I mean if you're
saying we could be no it's a cat because
it's dead now she didn't appreciate it
you know the joke it's a good joke
really I think was very fantastic joke
super joke actually I think what friend
might have lied about the cat thing but
the point of the story comes out is
these women they're even even your
mother loved your mother not that much
love you people who don't have
PlayStation you know that's that's
that's the truth I mean we've been
married 20 years 20 years I didn't even
know her name
I was just like you I just caught her
mother go cook the bloody food mother 20
years some parrot still tore through my
game it begins with B do uh can I just
call you mother
well I remember your sister's name if
that helps
she's beautiful all the times she's
saying to me oh we don't get along
alright shut up you bloody woman don't
you think you should be getting along it
is the bloody housework go practice
cleaning man basically what I'm trying
to say to you is you know the women are
so crazy no crazy or even put my name
you know the crazy me find you someone
what are you do TR TT er what hell is
that
are you down to restock
what about Xena he's so sweet or
sensitive she's so gentle she's in
prison right now though so like you know
GBH don't let us to let us get in the
way of love what about Selena she's very
quiet
no she's shy reserved oh yeah and she
wrestles bears in Pakistan for money but
you know she's actually quite rich
what Dima has a nice job al-qaeda I'm
not marrying someone from al-qaeda fair
enough
oh my god hey Lina she's perfect but
she's dead now so it's going to be
difficult and he was spared
what about Lyla she's got a great sense
of humor she's so funny she doesn't
speak English though to be fair she
doesn't actually speak any language so
communication may be hard she does this
followed oh yeah I found the right word
Hamza all slim long silky hair strong
and independent stands up for females
rights but he's a man though his name is
Imran play football with them is good
defender that he could defend no so they
me my dad side arguing this is baby
forgive me
but then I asked my uncle advice life
coz he's responsible and mature in it so
he said no need to run away from your
problems run away and never come back
back back I created that echo for effect
so I packed the essentials and left in
style
Rinda she died
Merry Christmas on coop anyway basically
my son and you know the problem is the
children shall tell you what the problem
of the children is a problem with the
children is this the children a woman
yeah you don't think about this no but
anyway listen what I want you to do is
find my son find him yeah where is he
bloody freshy so what do you suggest
oh yeah yeah what don't believe we do
the swim or the way to Malaysia sorry
man click on the way back yeah let's go
for hums ah yeah come back we have to GU
define these up hands up
hello uncle how's the search going no no
don't worry uncle we're looking for them
as we speak right now interesting by the
way how much do you love your mother a
lot why checkmate you have 24 hours to
get my son mother so the next morning
the three established waistbands decided
to go to the highest point of the ko
towers to try and find me as if that's
gonna work boy craley fact he is super
fat man I've got rabies let me bite it
I'll bite his mother Mon he's fat
what the hell we've been sent here to
take you back what happened to your
heart it's a fresh start in it yeah
plus they wouldn't let me take the hack
through customs I think they were racist
but it don't make sense because she was
Pakistani so from a different village
yeah you're coming with us now yeah
give me your hey let's get it yeah speed
our baby
so then after ten minutes of constant
running the court tied so we went to
sleep in it but the next day we carried
on city would have no that's our baby I
think it's dead inshallah I'm alive
breath I need to go to Lin have to
sharpen it so bullet break yeah I just
wanna just number one in Italy you wanna
come with me you know like when the
girls when you're in the restaurants and
there's a pack of girls and they all go
to the toilet together like for no
reason like should we do that
yeah you're a man
I have a bad feeling
don't worry I'm a great idea no it
didn't work
let me try again no obviously I have a
problem not a common problem but a
problem so I decided to find another
poisonous snake so the tea snakes can
poke and then that's they could be a
goal cuz that's kind of gay you know and
this snake will be like you know what
you're right bro
this is day and let go sacred day a
sweater you called your friend here to
come out and play with you yes tell em
to let go all eclair
no way actually my spirit came down and
says this hi I'm Akshay Kumar spirit
valia oh my god I think dunya man is
gone
I was yeah yeah okay
oh you don't need to do now is just suck
the poison out
yeah
they decided to take me to the hospital
the doctors fix me in it a couple of
days later I started to think you know
running away from any problem only
increases the distance from the solution
and the easiest way to escape the
problem is to solve it yes there are
times you fight and argue with your
parents your family your loved ones but
try to spend your life loving the people
God gave you because one day you will
need them back yes I may be enough and
confronting my dad will be the hardest
thing ever
but sometimes the hardest thing to do is
usually the best thing and if I have
another argument and if you ever argues
with anyone that you love remember two
things all communication problems are
due to the reason that we don't listen
to understand anymore we only listen to
reply and number two a moment of
patience in a moment of anger saves
thousand moments of regret so please
don't run away from the problems just be
patient
