so below late at least your MVA yeah
this Marius where maybe I was wounded I
grew up here so it's a lovely placement
I really enjoyed living here
I feel of first of all you obviously had
a bad incident were you a part of again
well I wouldn't say I was actually part
of a gang but I was basically when I was
younger trying to be someone I'm not
I was trying to follow other people's
lifestyles yeah that such as watching
all these rappers and stuff and yeah
seeing other people do it we would the
money in order blinking F in the course
all Shana I was trying to get my stripes
yeah from doing the negatives yeah you
could also almost say antisocial
behavior going out trying to fight
people or going in as a group and you
know going into darker areas and stuff
like that
I go into a couple of incidents where I
got shot at at one point in my area I
got stabbed at one point as well I've
got a gun put to my head
tell me about that because you actually
told me that oh yeah that was actually a
serious one wasn't it yeah that was a
more and that was that was said that was
the actual start of you you kind of
changed yeah it was it was a I was being
part of a deal that we was making with
another group of words from a different
area and I was so cool for the money it
was set up a gun put to my heads and
they basically wrote me I could see
basically I could see the barrel laughs
I could just all just thinking you know
what that's me done yeah and then I saw
his finger pool but as he poured no word
of a lie I'd not show up and I think
that trip age and the gun John I'm
telling you I run faster than Usain Bolt
okay I'm telling you I would run for my
life and that's when I thought you know
what I need to stop what I'm doing and
do something positive with my life
how did you get to what you're doing
right now gonna start well when I was
about 14 15 started to do you for
I did a bit of volunteer work before
anyway I got offered a contract with
another organization to the you hook and
then gradually gradually I just worked
hard each day to be in a project leader
for a borrower they're not doing a lot
of gang work a lot of mentoring in
schools and a lot of youth working youth
club sessions and even going into
schools to do talks what motivates you
now like are you doing this for yourself
are you doing this for the community is
doing this for like are you trying to be
a role model to the youth or you know
what I'll be honest with you I'm doing
this for all various reasons one of my
reasons were we're trying to help miss
you help my family friends help the
community because obviously I live in
this community so I don't want to have
no danger but will now have kids enjoy
when I get older I want my kids to be
living in fear yeah I don't want my
cousins to be living I don't know my
friends brothers sisters to be living in
fear you know like you know where do you
see yourself in the future what do you
want him you know in the future more
even it's you know to be honest with you
a lot of young people don't have
opportunities to go and see past the
borders of England yeah or even the area
yeah I want to give them the opportunity
I want them to give them that possible
to go into different countries and to
see what other young people how
privileged they are or hard deprived
what areas they live in what kind of
deprived areas Olivia yeah yeah so I
want them to be grateful and I think
time have knowledge about the world that
will deliver yeah do you feel that as a
British Pakistani you have a role to
play for the younger generation of
British money's as well yeah as a
British Pakistani no disrespect but it's
hard for you to go up the ladder you
know to be harder it's a little bit hard
to be successful at times Yeah right so
you've got to work hard
now if these British Pakistani young
people don't have any role model to look
up towards yeah you know where they're
gonna go
they've got nothing to feed off they
don't know they don't have no guidance
yeah
so I've got a big role to play I've got
a big role to play and stand up to them
and say you know what if I can do it
Nilo can do it as well
so you know apart from you know all
these projects that you're involved in I
mean are there any other things on the
side that you're you're doing I mean I
heard you're you're writing a book
yeah the shredder um lady finish is
cooled with a blank can see okay yeah
and it's a bit about myself what I've
experienced I've got a lot of positive
messages in there for the young people
as well yeah I don't I read your letter
all right hey you see the pain of gamma
ray I'm hopefully it should be done soon
but once I've done that I really one on
me wouldn't know who the British backs
on you know if I can do it you know can
do it yeah yeah yeah so yeah yeah yeah
