let me get to the point yeah now this is
how he started when I was young I
realized something very quickly the I
was rubbish everything I was rubbish at
breathing that every family dinner you
would just see me in the background man
but the one thing that was okay was
making people long but I had one small
issues my Pakistani dad and I remember
him giving me the tools of what he wants
me to be when I grow up that you won't
get in an Asian thing and he turned
around and he was mad
well you'll see the thing is comes up
Canadian parents would always do that
they were always laughs after every
sentence and I Mac why what's funny who
said a joke well you'll see the thing is
I thought I was doing a lot of thinking
and I was thinking that you should be
yes genuinely handled ha I could never
be a doctor because I would probably
kill more people then I would say I
wanted to be an entertainer but there
was a small issue
imagine diversity right now is such an
issue but back then it was worse and I
knew that me being a brown Pakistani
Muslim was not gonna help me in any way
shape or form and it was just gonna be
harder for me to break into the
mainstream industry it is what it is but
it was my dream so I pursued it I always
find myself playing the stereotypical
roles I always found myself feeling the
power of carries number two but I wanted
war and nothing was gonna stop me from
achieving my dream never let any
obstacle or any situation or any hurdle
in the way of your dream no matter what
you're not stopping for anyone so what I
did is I got a job I was awesome ahh bra
a camcorder and start making videos in
my bedroom
and there's kind of videos are you
thinking you're disgusting so I started
a YouTube channel called
humzaproductions you have achieved a I'm
exceed you and subscribe to she give you
plug in but make sure you do though and
then I started series food diary of a
bad man and I was about a young British
Pakistani Muslim growing up in South
London getting himself into trouble but
always learning a valuable lesson at the
end a my life changed like you just went
viral knows obviously my looks you know
I'm a good-looking guy even animals
would date me if they could the car
because the animals that'd be weird but
anyway then I started doing all these
other shows like bubblegum black and
brown and my current series bad man and
things change and then one day YouTube
just begged me
fully begged me to be an ambassador says
that you know what he paid me then yeah
and now I am the YouTube ambassador and
I found myself traveling all around the
world performing to tens of thousands of
people and really living the dream and
recently I got my very own comedy series
of BBC Three
coconut this Christmas we just released
my very own comedy special for Sky right
now my new show wild wild web is out on
TV every Friday so I'm not making money
brother my underwear collection is war
man but beer money that's why Hugo Boss
Calvin Klein um
the Italian one I hope announces
beginning with D but my point is when I
was young and even now I was unstoppable
and that's why I partnered up with NCS
who wanted to know my unstoppable story
now let's make yours MCS is a lifetime
experience for fifteen to seventeen year
olds in the UK and this summer 2018 you
guys will have the chance to push the
boundaries learn new skills and complete
a social action project now this
campaign that was launched this january
encourages young people to sign up a few
unstoppable mcs is about pushing
boundaries overcoming fears and to
become a more confident accomplished
young person but I'm saying this because
this is important if you want to make
something of yourself you need to be the
best you can be
hope I'll see some of you guys soon and
remember sign up and be unstoppable and
now to end it I think that was good
enough maybe I should make it more
two-bike like okay sign up and be
unstoppable
