it's official this is hums rashad and
tune in to the wild wild limb the game
show will be take the wig and wonderful
of the internet and turn it into banter
for your viewing pleasure
featuring the stars of Instagram Twitter
and YouTube will be the funniest and
best thing you watch all day well we
have to say that because we want the
views
Wales Wales Webb on together Friday
10:00 p.m. on a new channel called
together TV mean this goes for a
celebration
celebrations all time
what the hell do I find these videos but
this is big news probabiy now when I
found out my aunt who was having affair
with the homeless guy who sleeps outside
paddy power all right it's completely
different to be fair I just found out
recently and I was obviously sworn not
to tell anyone but it's only YouTube you
know one of those ones when they're like
say custom you're not gonna tell anyone
and you just slightly mispronounced
awesome yeah awesome because all pakis
believe that if you don't pronounce it
properly then it all count which is the
dumbest thing ever but why just we'll
just talk about in hell really so today
we had a big family focused on eve
dinner and it was horrible for us
why you ask well that's why I made this
video uh-huh yeah this is when you know
that the gang gang is in the house when
there's more shoes on the floor on your
hallway then Foot Locker not more Asian
family dinners are the same so it always
starts with all the men sitting in the
living room waiting for the women to
make the food which is pretty sexist
really I mean considering it's 2018
you'd think that times would change but
Patti houses are the same firm even in
the future you know it's flying cars and
when you have electro ball soldiers and
all the police officers will look at
that Judge Dredd my alien people still
gonna be wearing shoe Alchemy's watching
the same dramas Doka naming whiplash and
stew tree in their wives as it is in a
nice way like slaves so what in the
living room talking about politics in
shape you just hear my mana shying from
the kitchen
how many rotation I make holiday and
then you don't give me uncle shining a -
please three oh yeah three is well for
me and then you get a one uncle who just
easily comes from box stars who eat
small meals than actually praying in a
day just shouting out body six you
freaking blimp that way is in
you even when he sneezes his knees are
gay so this is kind of what usually
happens or the families are downstairs
ready to eat and I'll be upstairs in my
room just having fun and they all do
that unto our mum opens the door and
he's like I'm so come downstairs
they're all here and you are there come
downstairs and see salams and they save
the line it's rude read
she says food how about the Ferrante's
that self invited themselves isn't that
rude and we all have that one kid in the
family that is so naughty but every time
I look at him I just think you're
definitely going hell I mean the kid is
only four years old but you fully know
that shaitaan has already gone apartment
for him in hell and then he comes up to
me he's like fine let's play game and
I'm like yeah let's play the tough game
but you said read read I'm gonna tell
your mom well at least my mom loves me
then I just stop for a second and I was
like rah that's so not true
I only said it to upset him but he
wasn't even upset before my blast he
knew full well that mama probably loves
him more than me and she hates him
I need this world off just randomly
starting one of my cousins my cousin was
little or no one gives a shit about him
everyone Signori screams and then you go
to the kitchen and give the salams to
the arm please
now you wanna hog heavy auntie sum all
these are different like the modern ones
you can hop but the promise additional
ones you can't even let such them so we
do in you Hannah less you gonna let bow
down a little bit give them no head then
they put their greasy Game of Thrones
dragon crawl on your head like that and
then I don't know what they do up to us
I just zone out and some auntie's would
win their own dishes and they just want
to feel let's go eat
knowing full well that they're really
only here for the free meal so they like
let's contribute and just make some
sharp and there's always that one auntie
who makes that one solid that no one
touch cheese kima she makes like lady's
nose rat how can give my smell of
Records
what kind of butchers do you go to I
mean this auntie's cooking is so bad
husband actually feed on her with a man
funny thing is these don't even gauge
but the guy he make could cook that's
how bad cooking is brother and then you
sit down and you grab the glass of war
and we all know that you can't break the
move trying to eat or drink with your
left hand
Point C the hot sorry
nephew Beijing stop climbing into the
boot and then your mom will hit that
Muslim mom line mmm did you say
bismillah yeah I did then they start
interrogating you like you see your side
I didn't hear you I did well like just
now but I didn't hear you now and then
you realize you go clock so you just
have to hit those ones no I said in my
mind bro
that doesn't count then my dad will make
an inappropriate joke to my auntie no
Salman your husband he was already juice
no the shit guy man my husband died last
week you know this this is not the right
time I'm feeling very down down like
your husband in the ground I might know
comedy is all about timing and it's time
to joke in the one minute does the
record here I'm bloody crying like you
in the funeral or Allah is blessed with
my sense of humor auntie's across the
table that would bust line samba can you
pass me the plate of some more sauce
please
and I think Abram the place closer to
you than it is to me and then you'll
have that one northern on cool so hums
ah how's the YouTube stuff yes so when
you're gonna start taking like seriously
go get a proper job and I'm once again
thinking bro you are an uber driver
without a driving licence if anyone is
to fix up its you you can't be driving
customers with the provisional let's
know how he works
I want everyone ze what the cousins will
be trying to let communicate with eyes
they're just looking at each other like
one of those ones when you just like
trying to communicate in silence just
with the faces what time we're gonna
bail out and go she shot then I try to
do the typical shisha signal by my dad
saw and he took in the wrong way
are you bloody okay are you hungry for
something else
oh no because I had aunty schema and I
was coughing excuse me I can't hear you
oh shut up you bloody woman don't you
have sense you want what's wrong with
you you need to lighten up oh look at me
my husband is dead or no I have four
kids to feed and I have no job hook who
can figure we're all having problems
plus we got to pay Rotax 250-pound
you think you're the only one going
through problems where am I going to get
250 powder from your husband oh he's
dead how can you be so insensitive he
was your brother he was okay key word
was well that escalated quickly so then
I just you know grab one of those you
know those typical Pakistani Lord of the
Rings blue kind of like 20 year old
plates that you put Savior in so I just
have to save ER and I just went to the
next room and that's what all my
religious relatives where I know all
about to pray and one of the uncles
who's gonna leave the namaz came up to
me and he was like I'm so have you
prayed right yeah yeah for a dark time
ago man now my waist my cousin just
walked into the room as well and my
uncle was have you got your widdle beta
and
cousin was like oh yeah y'all go ahead
no you haven't
smoking weed with machine it is to your
Corolla so you go to the bathroom
and peace while standing off you let the
dough open I was like I don't even make
sense why would you leave the door open
when there's a look and I saw you try
artis emo and I heard the impact you
practically fought out blood there's
more chance of Katie Hopkins making it
to the seventh heaven then you actually
having you reduce and then we all prayed
and then I went upstairs and then I went
into the room with all the female
cousins and they're just seeing they all
looking depressed in shame is someone
getting forced into marriage soon are
you not having a deep conversation about
who's getting an abortion
let the vibe was wrong nothing kill her
by the time they all get married I'll
never see them again anyway and then I
go into the room with all the boys
around and you'll always have that one
cousin that will just bring it on you oh
yeah guys I'm getting married what you
tell us now we didn't even know you had
a girl cause yeah I know relationship
for like three and a half years what
yeah but I don't wanna put another on it
in it how can we put another on your
harem relationship is already Haram cars
and this is when you know your cousin
don't want you at the wedding
hey the wedding's tomorrow who's coming
alright where's the wedding Pakistan and
then I just left with a few cousins I
like you know when you come back and
there's only one uncle left and you feel
bad for him because you're like why are
you still here he's just sitting in the
corner by himself lying
feeder hot sorry so don't forget to like
I missed anything out make sure you
leave a comment I make sure you share
this video because I am so close to
400,000 subscribers I can taste it
before I go here's the spool of the day
take care of your thoughts when you're
alone and take care of your words when
you are with people it's pretty deep
hope you understand what that means and
having you know is that every time I I
do a message at the end but most of the
times the line would always be amazing
like always at the end that the Sun
would just come out just right maybe
it's a sign or maybe I'm just trying
shit not not his day your husband my
husband who your husband is bed so funny
