you
yeah Amazon Hamza listen look it's
Blackwood yeah and I'm filming right now
I'm taking time out a busy schedule
because you're upsetting me yeah where's
season two stop calling me
you want to see my Chinese food with
them right there's no season two out
there I know you're bad man
also you claim show me the bad man in it
show me that bitch ain't restraining
order bring out season two got one seen
that in its season - yeah we do
so I'm saying that French hurry up
because right now I'm trying to catch it
when I leave here in the film set when I
go check mr. Ling gay kind of season -
hey hey you know not like you I hear me
enough pass up it was houses they
couldn't please him at the moment phone
outside right he's going to speaking
African the corner police because I'm
going to get season to you from you if I
get locked up yeah go to you cuz no
season - I'm gonna be very upset I'm
gonna do my time yeah do my time I'm
gonna get wage work out come out rest
happy so sexy when you're angry Richie
Richie wasn't it someone's calling a
queen he'll come on hums ah c'mon hands
up one family is coming homes are common
halida one farm fees what the channel
very very good and very very cheap one
own fish one pawn fish comin home da
Gama one own fish very seasoned way this
season I want to see season - I want to
see season 2 season two is very very
good season two is very very good
I am betting for season two I am waiting
for season two common homes are common
from ze' one pound fish very very good
and very very cheap very very good and
very very cheap you must in Bengali oh
wait sorry funny Queen here hello Peter
you look up atop fence easy to me I hope
you a million times
dream on over man
what
calm down food enough eating doll I said
about people asking me the same question
I'm only gonna say this once I am NOT
making season 2 psyche
