Oh
you
it's funny you never truly appreciate
life until your very last breath yes
you decide how you wish to live your
life but really you have no control as
God decides when to take it away so live
your life the way it should be lived and
appreciate your life not on your very
last breath but from your very first
wine cooler thanks for setting me up
again I'm sorry man then call me when I
was vulnerable wait lunch right well I'm
just gonna say once you're a waste of
spam no more I've told you I'm sorry I
don't changed but look at everything
you've done to me hey talking about
water stop remember when you punch my
favorite auntie in the face that was a
past hey man you don't remember the time
when I was sleeping and cook my clothes
off and took pictures of me all naked a
post on Facebook buddies go 40 likes why
are you complaining
the brownie Falls a fear oh yeah it was
a cold day you don't run on time when
you tell them Gionfriddo
AIDS yeah everything worked well in the
end don't do them we're gonna get
married but she left me I love this
when she was buyers anyway hey do you
think anyone hooky for us yeah obviously
this is so good
three guys in a bathroom no music
knocking stop stop I just call message
text has been attacked and he's in
intensive care
the point yeah breaking news it has just
been announced that federal bad man was
the seventh most popular and most you
show of 2011 on YouTube right now before
you can virtually no way but guess what
beat me guess what came number one and
go oh a freaking dog you know how that
makes me feel it's like someone turning
around and saying oh you did very well
yeah you did but but the good dog did
better
I told my dad that I lost again so
Quinta you know what he said Brandi no
he said you are the Kota but anything I
was supposed to go Pakistan this year
but boy Pakistan man I'm gonna get
kidnapped by Cooper again about the
worst thing about Pakistan is the
Pakistani aunties they look like bounces
and why did it always smell like holiday
and having you ever notice that their
feet are so H it covers the slipper you
don't even get to see it fam what
happened to moisturizing why is your
feet so crusty Nivea that for man and
breath every time I'm speaking to my
auntie and Pakistan it's like I'm
listening to a Busta Rhymes tune I don't
know what to say you say it so fast slow
down man
it's not a race looking over a thumbs up
because he was talking faster because I
think I'm talking about something I
think I will deliberate and the worst
thing about Pakistani auntie's is the
way that they treat you but they don't
shake your hand or how do you all do
something more like that you know that
you Rapinoe with a deep moisture love
your dog or portion of it acknowledged
it at all what the old man was the point
who are you achieving but if you're
saying G 0 which means live longer why
are you giving me brain damage my head
is bleeding
that's your greetings if my auntie was
mo come back that would be a fatality
see their own bodies in it all but okay
Kristin auntie Sarah just as bad yeah
this is one particular auntie that is so
evil she doesn't even have a name we
just call her Auntie oh and she has a
moustache it's weird because she's a
woman
and she has a moustache no prob that
should be illegal death sentence I say
and I don't get it because Asian girls
are so buff but some of you have it way
too relaxed with the face especially
this region especially but my auntie's
mustache is so violent it's why she
injects steroids infamous - amber
haven't you ever noticed that auntie's
here ask the most embarrassing questions
in front of him everyone there you are
seeing with the whole family and she
goes so hums are you got a girlfriend no
I haven't but judging by your looks I'm
pretty sure your husband has then my dad
told me off you know he said okay listen
hands up you know the women they are
deserving to respect I remember this one
time in Pakistan I was sipping like a
king and your older cousin Simmi she say
here is the tea for my shower you bloody
woman you know bloody talk to me give me
the bloody tea honza I promise you I'm
telling you I swear listen Gus um duck
famous gold
she's are giving me the cold eh I look
at her I see here you pratical I play
this throw the bloody tea no bloody face
she's like no please smoke please do the
shop just shut I'm telling you I because
so hard I was like why I just hurting my
hand is hurting I said who are you to
make my hand hurt she's on the floor
bloody cry you play the book please the
floor now your plans job then her
mother-in-law come and she said why you
disrespecting the woman I said shouldn't
you be cleaning and comes I hit her so
hard to answer
I hit her so hard she black it died
she's a black ear dead she's braggy dead
I'm hungry well is you have an advantage
you can breast feed yourself with me
again cover boy huh wow that's offensive
I've been watching you for some time now
boy when you reveal apparent than in it
Rajesh you have something that belongs
to me a briefcase you give me the
briefcase and I will let you and your
fat friend cool oh yeah and if you let
me and my very very very fat friend go
we will come back in an hour we give it
this no didn't you tell me you're the
prettiest in the lake shut up mouth on
you know you treat me crazy I'm crazy
I'm crazy but you leave me no choice
No
must die not one minute this
ah
ah life does
this was it it was the end we were
doomed but luckily the bomb did blow up
because it was made of Pakistan then I
convinced him what to eat the road
because I said it was big a and we
escaped
yeah blood one good one brush shut your
mouth man
where you talking about food now hey sir
man you know one day I'm gonna shank you
with a pakora but mine is gonna shank
you with a pakora you know abundant yeah
but not give me your phone but give me
your phone because my mom she's probably
worried sick about me promise not
working
you're the battery of course I want the
bad shape at the back she comes at the
phone who is wrong with you you want the
SIM card back or I will stab you with
the pakora I just need to find a poker
pepper bomber ugly people at 12 o'clock
think there's gonna be beef this was bad
I lost someone in pirate and two
Ethiopian test-tube babies from Ethiopia
but don't worry for my spot back here
from funk your lifeblood what you same
problem okay anything what if I forgot
yet try and break my biscuit in half but
that was in nursery mandible blood sort
all what are you achieving that's
dangerous
well could I don't have told you not
ever we're talking about him go comb
your hair or something man
are you not promise are you not black
are you know
black so easy I'm not saying anything
what's been hiding for but I'm your
next-door neighbor are you talking about
I'm not hiding from you know walk with
y'all gonna hope all my days no doesn't
matter about the make of the brisket all
someone playing you keep doing that you
know I'm gonna have this conversation
but this definitely owe you something
won't my mission coming race look yeah
yeah
one unnecessary movement fact there is
okay go Turkish sneeze dead
they say a man's best friend is a dog
that's only if you like bail only in it
but for a woman a girl's worst enemy is
fresh cheese so I decided to do this for
the girls how to spot a freshie now
first of all freshies are pervane Bret
have you seen a freshman looking at you
I call it the one-sided pedo smile and
they would come up with the worst char
plans with your lemme lips full and
fishies would always have that one black
contaminated poll that you see every
weekend Jamarcus we need a walk in the
woods therefore what's wrong with you
it looks like a beavers chewed on it and
their disgusting sight wine with extra
olive oil that gives that Punjabi laurio
shine to me because you're worth it and
every time of freshing is in the
bathroom you could always hear the same
thing and have you ever realized that
fresh cheese would secretly have that
one nail that is rather than all the
other nails so they can turn around to
do this why are you doing to your hair
not widely discussed by it needs to be
exposed every time I go on holiday with
my cousin I have to declare to the
airport that he's fresh I have to if
he's wearing trouble and it's winter
he's a fresh fee and if he's wearing
Reebok classics that means he's a
Uppercross freshy yeah oh and yours a
clean-shaven freshy gay now if you want
to upset a freshie you do this you not
have this you want no you want you want
you want you can have you can have you
guys no no every day my dad used to drop
me off at Taekwondo and every day I
would hear the same thing thumbs up or
just a condom on so you could come in
the target me do you want to go to a
condom it's Taekwondo I finally get home
and I see my mom but what of advice
never interrupt your mom when she's
watching an Indian program the word I
know
no I must not
I don't go speed up trust me then she
told me about Dexter I started laughing
but after a few hours I realized they
were serious it's all my fault
I should have been a better friend but
there's still time to make it up to him
oh my god
brav why is it taking you so long to
come and see him he's even grown to fear
yes I guess because he's mostly a minute
what is it Hey look don't worry my yeah
okay boy I'm gonna let you in on a
little secret
might be sharp
and I'm going to push on and you are
going to like brother are you doing mama
why are you doing it the only reason you
came here was to shove on him okay well
basically hey what's that kissing all
right boys we all know why we're here
today yeah does it - yeah you know shut
up we're here because we all know that
texture was brutally beaten up in a pot
and was in intensive care
so I think it would be a brilliant idea
if we moved to get him a gift just so it
gets his mind off things and yes any
suggestions yes yeah I personally think
that we should buy him a rape alone that
is the stupidest thing other than look
this idiot if he had the ring along with
him when he got attacked he could have
pressed the ring along and then the
police would have come down and
you wouldn't be enough and if he ever
gets raped that's even better because
it's a fella rape rock seriously what is
wrong with you we supposed to be your
friend okay how about we beat the crap
out of him and we'll be so bad
for some reason my plan didn't work but
I didn't give up
hey boy I'm going to make you one of
your favorite books the optical strategy
for a is the maximum value of the game
asleep we will obtain them Oh home how
do you say so bruh oh yeah it's la Oh
through fruit yeah we try do you wanna
oh but a nice one no man however another
one come on hook the loose thwart the
last one yeah there might be poison in
it Oh
not poison you say I need to go to the
toilet that no I'm up
you're in safe hands then I go okay but
if I don't get either what she wished on
man Rob you chose it Shane points any
one glass between five and as you're
funny
what's your discussion though you
unworthy or they even rise see you learn
roti Beulah rice Dylan trophy Beulah
rice Dylan roti do that right DP you
like rice be like go feed you like rice
roti travel travel fuel and multipule
and rice do you like hope you like rice
Dylan go eat you like nice location in
travel travel you like rocky ala bucco
have a pillow casting on a roof ethos
smiley face and a fool for I hope he
make a move on your ear okay bingo wish
this book like Berkeley can you make
move a bit hey John can you make booty
Duty a slap your mama dokie pseudo-class
the Pakistani black should be a roti but
since you and me but she's gonna make
roti won a diamond ring here cuz he have
a roofie in over fake HSN candle and
roti she like Bo TT you like my feelin
groovy new language till I go eat you
like rice each other's travel see you
like a boat if you land right feel like
home ain't you like right see when I
wrote it you like right cookie shogi
travel show you like rice plants I love
rice not you up basmati rice not my race
I love my race
I gotta make it twice when I bow before
my handsome wrestling angle my baby
she's aflame with a MooMoo and my spoon
sugar price of anybody with rice rice oh
nice around midnight but short
transplant a short while I run to the
ball shut your mouth the bowl mix from
Isis love you baby I was talking for the
rice even this black man likes this mess
if I was a superhero in marble my stash
house would be mixing Java do you let
your baby you like rice do you let go
pee pee you like rice be like PD you
like rice roti show each other sure you
let go feed you like rice do you like
rupee do you like rice do you let you
feed you like rice do the roti dough
that all team do the routine so the roti
in the German eat the channel if the
towel eat the Charles Josh I a teeny
teeny teeny step now set the scan scan
I have found Jesse you owe me two
thousand apiece
thank you please so I came down as fast
as I can and there I saw him Jesse I
love you cause I brought you people can
get shots and things like that you don't
have a credible real man you know be
easy we sing but have you been I've been
looking for cool for you Madison it's
been real emotional hey that time when
you tried kidnapped me from yeah yeah
actually put me in a car and obviously
out when I'm on TV I'm seeing real
recognizable what's my crowd fun oh
thank you live do you yeah Ellen they
just let me out and then when I came out
I was ha ha nice normal but right now
listen I even talk about things are
gonna get my hair cut a small Keys you
see I'm seeing someone to catch you oh I
forgot what I've got a date inner ring
yeah with a nice sunny cool trust me
dope our girl I thought really seriously
no I'm just gonna go ahead ok pursuing
in this moment support forget on a full
moon right yes I'm gonna catch you in a
bit I'm gonna let you know how it goes
with the state you see I'm saying in my
dreams a new that is real emotional hey
listen I love you ok no no no I don't so
it all worked out in the end
Tony the Carla thinks we're dead I
finally find Jesse and Dexter's okay now
but there's no such thing as a fairytale
ending just an ending
what is your line at the gun
he wants you in it guy should've killed
your friend it's not my fault this is
your fault my brother died in Iraq
because of your kind what do you mean my
kind cuz of your kind
kill me
sorry what happened to your brother man
don't walk away from me or I'll shoot
you
after the cow I love like you I cry like
you I smile like you I hurt like you I
hear like you
I see like you but because of the color
of my skin you think I'm nothing like
you
you don't think you let the TV thing for
you you don't have an opinion but the
media gives you a clue
so you have so much hate you want
someone to blame but stereotyping an
individual is an unfortunate shame never
judge a book by its cover
never hate someone because of another
never believe in what you have heard
only believe in what you can see but
don't hate and point the finger at me
when there's three bringing back at you
and yes I may look a bit different to
you yes I may believe in something
different to you but please accept and
acknowledge the fact that I am only
human just like you
but Allah decided it wasn't my time
you
