let me just speak to the point yeah if I
can do with my nose oh brother that's
sick in it isn't it's not voodoo
but it's not by anyway the reason why I
made this video is because I need to
tell you something very very very
important by Brackman if you heard of
him
great if you haven't let me quickly
explain basically Barbara Smith is a
normal British citizen and basically
what happened was the police they came
out of nowhere and they took him away
and they've detained him for the last
seven years for no evidence no trial now
this has hit a nerve and the community
are getting together and they're
starting a petition but the thing is we
need a hundred thousand signatures by
the end of November the twelve or I
think it was the tenth something like
that but basically we've only got a week
left so basically this video is for
three types of people number one my fans
pledges you don't know the identikit my
life for you look but now I'm asking you
for a favor please for me click on the
link and sign the petition number two
Muslims now there's people that are
gonna ask me who's Baba Ahmed to me and
all him he ain't my friend we ain't even
related but at the end of the day he's a
Muslim and as a Muslim I should
understand that he is my brother in
Islam and as a brother I need to help
him out and that's what I'm asking you
if you're a Muslim please hope a brother
in need because he needs your help
and number three any decent human being
now you know that being detained for
seven years being separated from your
wife from your mom your dad your
children your family and friends for no
reason with no evidence and without a
fair trial that is wrong so please if
you're a decent human being
think that could be your friend that
could be your father
that could be your brother you don't
even have to be Muslim to side the
petition and it reminds me of this story
that I've heard recently basically there
were three men and they all wanted to
see who was the most cruel who was the
most evil and who was the worst amongst
them now the first guy attacked
man and he beat him up so bad that the
guy could not stand and he was on the
floor and he was bleeding
now the second man saw that guy in that
state and still he turned around and he
stamped on the guy's hands and face and
then he turned to the others and said no
one can be worse than me because
obviously the man was already on the
floor
he was already bang-up but yet he showed
no compassion no respect and no dignity
and he stamped on the man's face but
then the third man turned around and
said no I am the worst because I just
stood there and watched so please don't
just sit back and watch we need your
help and also spread this video to
friends to families even to people you
don't even lack and I apologize to all
my fans that I have not once made one
joke in this video by the end of the day
this is not a joke so please can you
help us up to you salam√©
