and we begin all right so give it three
seconds until everyone stops coming a
little bit crazy
already done first one here that's
Buddha Buddha what is it racist boys all
right anyway what is going on people
long time no see I'm out here or one
minute before anything I need to do one
thing one second I mean one of those
ones where dad would sit down
your mom would ask how many rupees does
he won and he's like you know just keep
her coming woman just keep it coming
anyway there's always gonna be a few
left over and you don't know what to do
with the roti now when I was in Pakistan
in the village I used to give it to the
dog his name was Jackie he used to love
root B even when it was hard but hey you
don't wanna throw away the pigeons
London pigeons don't deserve wrote B you
know I mean I don't wanna feed them so I
find a thing my mom told me that
apparently is big in the Punjab it's a
Punjabi dish what's it called Trudy
Trudy I so basically in my I know that
truly is a toilet cleaner was the
difference you just literally said Julie
is a saint of something Trudy is a truly
cleaner you sing the same thing okay so
so chewy chewy is a tool Italy now
choo-choo train no but you I don't care
what your wishes okay which pronounced
the toilet cleaner one you called them
to leave three three three
okay cool and what about the thing that
we're making today Oh Judy
okay did anyone get that I didn't but
yeah anyway so my mom said it's a sweet
dish that involves routine now I'll be
honest with you guys I want to do roti I
want to make roti for you guys but I
don't think I'm day here do you know I
mean I need a little bit of more I don't
know intelligence maybe a little bit
more confidence and you guys maybe can
hide me up for one day I will make a
rupees
yeah bond - then what I'm doing is I'm
getting my mom to make roti and then I'm
gonna show you this this dish called
Judy right okay so anyway so my mom's
made the roti thanks man
she's like a long way yeah me oh cool so
guys here is the routine this is without
a doubt one of the most significant
things that's ever been created
do you know I mean and that's including
like you know internet Wi-Fi I mean like
but she packs everything yeah this is
the real deal this is yeah I mean this
is like oh okay I see what you done so
anyway here we go so we have the Ruby
very nice then we have this jeez it
pronounced a certain way was it just key
good good
key all right kooky yeah you could use
butter apparently but we're we're about
the unhealthy life you know one of those
ones when you start walking oh I'm gonna
history you know that one anyway
then we've got honey okay now you can
use honey oh if you're like a gym freak
like me no no hang on now that doesn't
make sense yes
that's okay thank you for the correction
and so anyway so
you wanna be healthy you can have honey
but today instead we are gonna have some
brown sugar like me and cream on top so
this is how you make it now it's gonna
be enjoyable all right all right why why
do you buy random stuff anyway the first
thing we need to do is to break into
little pieces
I make any make sure I'm doing this
right please is this good you can stand
here no one can see you
this is why yeah so we have to break
into smaller pieces like this okay
yeah you know my friend Jay that's the
same size as him yeah yeah okay so we're
gonna do that with a whole routine ow
yeah all right sighing oh yeah guys
coming sure you know one day we need to
do like I need to tell you in advance
what I'm making and I'll get you guys to
like like do the same thing at the same
time I'll be pretty cool in it and you
can send me the pictures and then the
best one go on my Instagram follow me
hums the production doing this very
literally three pigeons in Trafalgar
Square Hansen was the best choice is
hard then why am I gonna do have it one
size and then go back to them and then
Terry another
okay so while we're waiting name 20
things that you like about me the band's
here alright five things five things
that you like about me
what do you mean econ what do you mean
are you walking away you need to drink
what's in the drink that's a soft drink
choice
so anyway five things you like about me
ma I'm funny I brighten your day every
day
oh the only being nice because the
camera zone in it do YouTube lives with
my mom more often okay what else do you
like the fact that I don't get drunk
very easily
I'll give good advice obviously I'm
teaching these people hard to make food
yeah I mean you seem hungry the terms
don't care about have to teach them here
where else two more things I stay
committed to a task I take on I'm not
YouTube that's for sure now jakey okay
so guys if you don't know I'm gonna come
up with a series of vlogs that I did
last year I know you're supposed to be
you know do vlogs there and then but
this special vlog they like
behind-the-scenes stuff of my life and
right at the end all of these
announcements that I'm saying of what
I'm gonna do on YouTube this year and
how I wanna really hit home and at least
get my half a million by this year that
is all gonna happen very very soon so
just stay posted on my install now I
think I'm nearly done thank you for that
that was that was good
so I don't need to say because you said
it okay a little bit more which one has
a clean well if it's not I'll give it to
the build-up okay ready yeah both hands
oh my god
you have to like me you're like you're
needing something I'm leaving people
saying massage it on my mind
squeeze it yeah ah sounds like fun
what the hell man why do you making me
this is the game where did you get the
key from people in the village really we
either okay I'm only going to taste
if you taste it alright guys so gonna go
in so first of all let me just wash my
hands oh the back big hands big up key
obviously people you know what we're
talking about it one of those ones I
wonder those people doing alright cool
so who now clean up leo
so that's did all right here is what it
looks like so guys are you ready for it
are you ready for this
I don't understand this this is called
Chu Yi Julie Chu me okay okay cool this
is Julie now I'll be honest with you it
genuinely looks confusing it doesn't
really look like a puff of birds
I don't think humans really should eat
this but we're gonna try it for the
people in the village big you guys up we
show Alchemy's I don't even fit now
either little banter there you almost
let me boil Tommy oh my hands cuz it's
Sunnah literally recite every single do
I know because this looks a bit weird it
definitely doesn't mean wasn't so funny
because I'm literally going to gym now
now genuinely some engi with sugar and
cream I'm a personal trainer doesn't see
this alright cool
a little bit of cream Wow
I'm gonna be honest with you try this
first so I know if it's supposed to
taste like that before I say anything
cuz I don't have friend or villages out
here so obviously this is like the
equivalent today like M&Ms or whatever
you know if you had done it while he was
still very hot ya know quite cold
the road D itself is
hard the dr. David is piping hot okay
piping hot apparently so you're not
impressed basically
what I mean we'll all right for a
startup
well like us in the me like stop are
means see I'll attend six that's Bailey
above average okay and you did it
straightaway less of the talk I would
have been yeah much better and then
you're gonna add bits into it as a
chocolate sauce so you can have
chocolate sauce you can have whipped
cream I'll be honest with you I've been
even in the village and you ain't got no
P then you know what this is kind of
like a creative invention I wouldn't go
out of my way and say I would rather
have distant you know a pharoah Roche
yeah but for Punjabis for Pandu's this
is the Ferrero Rocher so guys this is
how you make chewy and this week and I
will announce the next couple of days
when the series of vlogs are coming and
with those vlogs if you watch them at
the end there will be the announcements
of me coming back properly on YouTube
sorry I forgot facebook facebook is done
all right cool anyway see you later
thank so much you for your help is
anything you only telling me this now
okay then cool but what was the
non-muslims not just Muslims sorry huh
thank you alright bye mate
yeah and spread this video make sure you
like it cuz my hands are full of ghee
right now for you guys that's we all
love all money then staking time too
