I'm alive good morning people
Oh everyone Oh everyone straight on it
that's what I like that's what I like
all right first of all high nap oh hi hi
yo wha gwaan
hi I'm such a big fan Sam I hi hi what's
up hi
dynamo bad man funniest youtuber going I
like that one anyway alright guys so
today we are gonna be making dude puppy
now for all of you like people who don't
know what to party is whether you're I
know Gabi the Guru or you know random
bengali in Whitechapel or I know you
live in Nigeria
dude buddy is basically the CT deer I'm
saying so it's like tea but better off
cause it's this unit so big up everyone
who knows how to make it already but now
I'm gonna make it so sick that people
are gonna get jealous
yeah I'm saying so guys here we go
now let's let's stop with the
ingredients so the ingredients is pretty
simple so what we have here ste back now
if your boo just go to your next-door
neighbor's house and say can I have a
tea bag but if you have money don't go
to any shop
there's PG tipps there's a to be honest
that's the only one I know really
so yeah you got a tea bag then you have
this thing here now it looks like like a
miniature tree but it's good cinnamon
okay
never heard about it in my life but now
I do this is cinnamon apparently here
now this one is cool how difficult I may
waste this one quote the one with the
seed no that's the smaller ones in it
what's this one good guys you know
cardamom that's the one yeah I knew that
this testing unit
so yeah cardamon and now this these
little things here is aniseed or as
agents pronounce it songs so yeah so
basically cinnamon songs or anise seeds
and what was that one Accord again I
forgot
now you're just changing the name when
did light she come into it
what do name yeah but no everyone knows
about what to do
cardamon cardamon so anyway then we have
a bit of sugar now obviously how a
six-pack so I do everything healthy you
know I'm saying
so our brown sugar and this is how you
make it yeah so it's like tea but as I
said better and it's much more milky now
what you need is you need a a monk and
no I mean there's two good myself
now we have to do is you have to through
this yeah half with water and half with
milk but if you like a little bit more
milky yeah I mean you know one of those
you know semi-skimmed pasteurized
moments then you put a little bit of
milk a little bit more of milk so what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna put about 40
percent more and sixty percent milk cuz
I'm a dangerous guy so here we go this
is interesting so that's about half yeah
alright cool so we've got half a mug now
we need a pan or a pork or whatever you
cool it this yeah put this down here
very nicely maybe here okay what are you
doing professional obviously manzai here
rubbish new with the pot in that so now
I'm gonna put this disappointing this
war into it
eloquently
you have to do that at the end is wool
it's an Asian thing in it every bit
counts now we're gonna get some milk and
we're going to throw 60% of this with
milk so obviously walking now you know
obviously you know my my my thing
involves cardio was wrong I mean bear
walking and down open the fridge
semi-skimmed cuz we're about the healthy
life close the fridge with your elbow
what sexy guy bloody sexy guy you know
I'm saying yeah alright so guys it's
getting exciting now I'm not gonna lie
it's getting really exciting okay so
we've got the mug what we do now is we
got the milk hello milk it's a great guy
isn't he and we opened a milk doing a
little bit of a naughty one really we're
revealing now the contents inside which
is Oh milk with a fall and we're just
doing about I think that's about sixty
percent you know I'm saying Oh see I'm
sick at mass so now we put that in there
here we go guys and look at me it's a
mine on its sacrifices have to be made
obviously there's people here to clean
it up so yeah now obviously we have a
loose to our little break this is what
we have him later
sister-in-law made it doesn't look very
nice I'm looking online it kind of looks
a inedible but uh you know anyway so now
we're gonna get all of this like like we
do stuff and we're gonna put it in it
doesn't have to be boiling hello my mom
left me
oh one second ah
ku Salam alaikum oh wow she said welcome
slump upstairs that's the madness in it
that's real Dean okay so what we do here
is we're gonna we're gonna put it on now
for five to ten minutes I'm gonna do
eight because I just want to be a bit
different yeah so we're gonna do that on
low heat so hold that that's kind of the
wrong one I'm not really good at oh I
think my dad's here from Malaysia yeah I
could have picked a better time for the
life anyway I think is this one maybe oh
yes it is
it'll be down a little bit down at this
so right now it is seven minutes eight
nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen
one my drink yeah fifteen fifteen in
yeah I'm confused now what was it doing
yes eight minutes so that will be in 15
yeah okay okay don't worry
so it's seven minutes right now so when
it hits 15 minutes first and then in
there
sometimes you gotta be a bit greedy
sometimes we got to be a bit greedy so
anyway to be honest I think I put that
too soon I think I was supposed to put
your winner was bubbling you know I mean
who cares let's just see how it goes
there you go
and now put the tea big tea bagging guys
I don't even remember I don't know man
so do I just wait this is I didn't
really plan this out hmm about six
minutes left I will let's just talk
right now that no I'm not gonna like it
horrible but we'll just talk for six
minutes anyway share some secret all
right cool guys so be what about let's
just say five minutes until we check on
the dude pussy so let's um let's answer
some questions what's going on how is
everyone
do you know D way no I do not think
exposing nothing that one day I'm gonna
burn the house down
I just have a feeling you know one of
those ones okay let me see oh here we go
oh you say not frozen anymore Oh crazy
all right cool
everyone saying badminton all right
let's talk about badminton shall we
the truth is I have people who fill my
stuff and I change from time to time so
I need to find some new cameramen and
yes it's been taking
longer than normal so soon is that's
literally done then I'm just gonna
literally say everyone it's under
development and you know show all the
behind the scenes and I'll get everyone
hyped because obviously number ten is
gonna be the madness one and actually
today one of my um one of my team
members in hamza productions were
actually talking about season two and so
yeah things are looking good
there will be more announcements very
soon but it's gonna be all coming out at
the end of this month because i'm trying
to plan it so i don't announce something
and it doesn't happen so when
everything's done in cool but you know -
then I'm just gonna do all of this you
know this but was how to make yeah I
mean alright people saying bubblegum
maybe maybe that could be the
announcement we don't know you just
don't know really all right cool and
what else like you have thank you likes
you too Islamic slime mix out here well
not everyone obviously the people we're
not Muslim economists there and hi
ondraw I know I cool I know it's me I
did I noticed you like the dory
thank you very much what the hell what
kind of jinn will do that oh cool
three more minutes guys and then we have
to check up on him oh yeah
meet-and-greet laughs I know people do
that but who would want to meet me to be
honest I know I'm gonna be a famous and
like we don't let funniest comedian in
the world
but who would want to meet me
realistically I mean you know I
shouldn't call edge if you want you know
um we just meet there have some chips
you know I mean just don't tell my
personal trainer and best fan page
I don't know but basically I'm gonna do
something on Instagram cuz I've had some
amazing fan pages recently and I follow
all of you guys so if your fan page make
sure you tag me in cuz I will follow you
back and you know what I'm gonna say
this right now if your fan page and
you're dedicated and you know not one of
those ones that like does hype for a
month and then they just disappeared if
you're a proper fan page I would not
only follow you but if your stuff is
good like memes and stuff like that I
will repost them and I'll shout you out
like I think one of the meme pages I
shouted them out that would've got a
thousand followers
very so and their weekend they're funny
so yeah man
what else is there how tall am I I'm six
foot
okay everyone thinks that I'm short and
fat but I'm actually tall and fat all
right so that doesn't that's not
supposed to happen
I presume what do I do just just blow it
I know why my date don't blow it
let me just leave it for now maybe I'll
just put a little bit down maybe it's a
bit too powerful oh well cab you on
anyway
and then about a minute and a half we'll
check it again all right cool
now what's what's everyone saying can I
come to Watford yeah you've got petrol
money for me um dollar sahlan but no
what's the difference really in it both
unhealthy Logan Paul mm-hmm I like Logan
Paul but obviously you know what
happened was really bad it's really
really bad to be honest that's that's
just teaches everyone like a lesson do
not go into a forest who would wanna go
in a forest man not scary brother I
would just sit home just play
playstation 4 by myself in the dog in my
boxers I paused before I said in my
boxers cuz my mom's name oh my dad tell
us a gin story no I will not tell you a
gin story this I don't know what go and
Shane Dawson's page he's got loads of
gin stories I guess or top five that's a
really good channel as well yeah I like
those two M Wells so us the D what is D
stand for please please explain do not
explain okay do you not explain all
right well a remake of Chronicles of the
doc do you know what I need to do that
but haven't like I haven't got the week
really pissed off man can't find the
beginni wins big spin soup and roof so
anyone want to lend me a pound then I'll
do it well you have to give me a pound
oh well you know just saying too many
things man diary buddy man shoots
cuz if you want it just tell Mina
I mean it's treating well I'll just eat
and sleep if you wanna na mele joking
I've got plans I've got plans don't
worry so um yeah I'm very excited about
this year I just need to get the 400,000
Marc Maron we're nearly there we just
we're nearly there
so guys make sure you subscribe and like
this video just for bangs for the burns
man just for the bands oh cool
now our merchandise that's the last one
could be part of the announcement who
knows and now it's been 15 minutes and
42 seconds so let's see how we going
so just shake it a little bit of fire
just gonna put it off now bit steam
don't not that supposed to happen to be
honest oh I think this is ready as ever
so obviously it does look like a civil
war um but trust me this is gonna be
burning very banging now what we need to
do is we need to we need to get this
where is this good guys what is this who
can you just come in I don't even know a
little custom I don't know what this is
good Celinda no it's ramen air to top is
a photo
dupa think do part sleep is a sleep 13
strainer I think straight you know one
of them sound right this is anyway
whatever this is
yeah we just put it here yeah put it
here because you know all the witchcraft
bits that I put in we don't want that in
you know like in an actual thing so we
pour it out Oh lookey very steamy that's
like a sushi place an illegal one Swasey
i turned me on a bit I'm not gonna lie
just shake it and then you do the
obviously the thing you have to do and
all Asian households just to get one of
it done so anyway this it's finished now
okay
so we're nearly done guys so can you see
all of this crap all of the crap we
don't want that yeah so you just put
this here for now and now it's a moment
of truth okay so just get on our knees
well just me not you guys cuz that would
be super weird it's like now what we do
is we get the spoon the Tomich and there
we go hey Tim if you want to meet my
friend here he's a bit of a mug but
don't worry just be friends and they
just have a good crazy time and you know
they just mix it up a little bit you
know they just get into the mix and then
afterwards he leaves crying a little bit
because you know a little bit of a
heartache relationships and then we have
it the one of the only deci T oh also
called tooth now I'm gonna do the honors
so obviously guys let's do it alright
Cheers blow away in it just in case
it's nice not gonna drink all of it
obviously but it's actually nice beer
hot though before I burn my tongue you
know what this has been an achievement I
didn't burn anything - the stove so and
it just shows that my skill as a as a
chef is just going on crazy and I think
that next week it's time to step it up
it's time to do something crazy guys let
me know what you want me to make some of
your suggestions have been amazing and
we can come up with a few more and next
week same time we are gonna make
something else
so until then guys the announcement is
coming soon gonna post an Instagram
picture of the old diary by man crew
which is pretty cool we were met up
recently so make sure you like that and
come in that comment on that and yeah
from that I'm gonna see my dad now
cheers guys and good but yes safe guys
see you soon and make sure you subscribe
