this is not a walk in the park they
estimate that there are over one point
eight billion Muslims roughly 24 percent
of the world's population yet they call
us terrorists they call Islam evil they
say we are dangerous a pure exaggeration
and a media fabrication because if you
all believed in killing them the other
76 percent would no longer be living we
would all be dead but Islam is about
peace
if one fruit is off you still wouldn't
blame the whole tree they say we oppress
women but my Muslim sister disagrees
starting her masters after her uni
degree not oppressed but living life
happy and free this is not a walk in the
park sisters don't ever be scared of
having a headscarf on you feel that
people are staring and judging but you
have done nothing wrong but to be proud
of who you are and where you came from
and so realized that any self doubt
should now be gone if a Muslim commits a
crime they mention his religion they
will have headlines with Islam and how
he's a Muslim and if they commit a mass
murder
it's a terror attack but if they are
white headline mentally unstable fact
now what does a Muslim look like to you
he wears a small hat so does a Jew we
keep a long bed Sikhs do two sisters
cover up nuns do two we believe in one
God a lot of us do we eat we sleep we
breathe just like you so the simple
question I am asking you is why are we
portrayed so different to you this is
not a walk in the park
yet people still fare and people still
hate etc it lies that the Box creates
prejudice and intolerance as Muslims we
face as we are pushed into a corner with
a bitterness we taste some of us get
bullied we get caught many names if
something terrible happens immediately
we feel shamed because of a few
misguided individuals now 1.8 billion
are to blame this is not a walk in the
park but together we must stay strong
through all the bad negatives and wrongs
because through darkness there is light
through adversity we will fight say
examples of what's right will it get
better maybe not but it might and with a
bit of hope and faith have a future
that's prior to all my Muslim brothers
and sisters don't let those dislike you
define you
be positive be proud and teach others
around you
of who we are and what we believe love
respect and kindness and neighbors will
receive stand strong together as one and
smile through hurdles because even a
smile is a good deed and to any
non-muslims listen to me
if one fruit is off you cannot blame the
whole tree it's not a walk in the park
but walk with me for a better future
that we all want to see inshallah
you
you
