what I'm doing abroad bad Martha no let
me get straight to the point yes I ain't
gonna lie
partying today isn't it but we know
today what it was to me so much stuff
I'm not so having a conversation with a
piece of fruit hi sexy back don't be shy
come here but you're a time window or
it's actually the same thing
that's why senior Indian by Bach funny
though same thing usually I see what you
did this
why don't you can move on took my friend
nah I'm okay thanks come on you know
you're like fasting don't worry I'll
flossing too we have so much in common
come here so it important just leave me
alone I know what you try to do suck
your move your mom so today I feel like
doing a little short but sweet video
because I only have one question what is
the meaning of life your why is it some
people may say it's all about the
experience of our own postal journey
others would say it's briyani but I want
to know was it I even asked my dad and
he was that ha ha ha that's very good
question become very good question what
was the question again
what's the meaning of life ah very good
question you will see bizarre life is
like circumcision I'm sorry what know
that you're circumcised hello Little
Billy this one what it is like a
circumcision
you know why please tell me because it
does hurt but we all have to go through
it not everyone gets hurt Sam sighs you
know for the black six really energy
that is often a Chinese friend because
Chinese people know everything the
create a station okay they deserve our
respect your chance
hello what's the meaning of life I don't
know but you're Chinese all and then it
came to me when you don't know shit
you will always go to the same place to
find the answer goo goo
silletti high school
what is the meaning of life I have a
factory warranty so I don't worry about
things like that
really Wow
well technically this don't have a
warranty my husband sold it to me and I
know it was stolen because he was like
you want to buy this it's sterling my
final and it could be solely of this
month like I don't know why my minute I
have that relationship and Trust so it
should be okay even though he stole the
phone of her which kind of breaks the
trust but you know I mean so then I fall
off nodding article son is not all about
money better what's that got to do with
anything
oh okay I know that I am just seeing
this kind of a lie because you're like
in your forties and it doesn't matter
your husband was at 99 but I saw already
so speak Victorian English the guy's
about to die Sam is he dead I said he
looks like he's gonna die it's a life oh
okay well I'm so happy he's still alive
and then I thought my cousin pothead no
whatever like wishes they know
everything wrong they are so intelligent
especially when it comes to directed
laRocca's always tells me what the
quickest way from France the UK is
Valerie policy my water line you know
what's the meaning of life anyone like
life is over estimating dolphins and
fire extinguisher through surgical
advanced in thanks green clumps 44 maybe
I should ask him and he learns English
Oh No maybe or maybe I'll just ask even
or do the meaning of her life
er head and he would like Cindy give
both in yet say Cooper hey pooja no
Alice Arica basilica's RIA
I refer a bag a foetus ok maybe not but
I even kudos deals on webcam you know
just want to pop up on another tab and
you come here with an environment and I
was like a Salaam alaikum call naughty
boy what's the meaning of life in this
house'
a solution good recipe I really like
c'mon me meanwhile my dad had his own
question thought hi George
ah I'm fine how are you okay okay shut
up basically I wanted to ask you
question okay how many kids have you got
well two three if you count the one that
I kidnapped oh wow that's you didn't
have to tell me that
the things you can keep to yourself but
all your kids are at your site
yes we are so mashallah you're going to
hell is that fine that's fine
and so even though they all a kiss they
are sacrificed all right know what is
going on I didn't ask my mom and he was
like God appreciate things I did it's
gone so when you're telling me I won't
appreciate life until it dies yes let me
just you so mom started stabbing me off
and after the seven stab she realized it
was wrong so she just walked away why I
was still confused
let me ask Nicolas Cage
what the hell wrong you want take a
policy you know oh look
sounds to help my recording I'm so happy
that these sounds have come now while
I'm filming in the heat with the wooly
hat so I still don't know what the
meaning of life is I my dad was so
confused
hi kids what are you doing we are
watching a woman on your webcam he asked
you guys to give the special numbers on
that each heart
her name is Krisha and I'll make sure
you get the three numbers at the back
there the most important now if I don't
want to disturb your porn adventure what
are you circumcised or just I mean well
is a really Deven the doctor to get us
it is ah no don't be scared little kid
just take your chances on what are you
doing to my kids oh oh oh oh shit we
went 220 pounds seriously what is the
meaning of life do you know if you think
you know the answer right there is a
funny answer or you actually think you
know make sure you like this video and
then comment down below and I will go
through all the comments but if you have
a mini and you don't know then maybe
this story will help once there was a
big group seminar and there was over 100
people that attended and as the speaker
was talking he finally stopped and he
wanted to do a group activity so what he
did was he gave every single person in
that room a balloon and he also gave
everyone a felt-tip pen and he asked
every single person in that room to
write their name down on their balloon
then when everyone was done he got all
the balloons and he stopped it all in
one room
then he says you have five minutes to
all go in that room and to try and find
your balloon with your name on it
so the hundred people rushed into the
room frantically trying to find their
balloon balloons were everywhere
different colors it was so confusing
it was Cayo everyone was trying so hard
but there was just way too many balloons
and those way too many people inside the
room and occupied minutes
not one person found their own balloon
when the speaker turned around and he
was like right let's try something else
I want now everyone to collect a random
balloon and I want you to give that
random balloon to the person who has his
name on it and within minutes everyone
got their balloon and then the speaker
says is exactly what is happening in our
lives right now everyone is frantically
looking for answers for happiness all
around not knowing where it is sometimes
our happiness lies in the happiness of
other people give them their happiness
and you will get your own happy so if
you go out and give other people
happiness you will find yours and this
is the purpose of human life sometimes
we need to stop thinking of what's
inside here and here and sometimes we
need to start looking at the bigger
picture and I know there's so many
different answers but I believe that
this one story just reminds us it's just
about being happy and if this story made
you smile they're subscribing
