what I'm doing abroad by them no one
make sure my god
I let me get straight to the point here
are you got one person in your small
circle of friends that are surrounded by
people who are either in relationships
who are married and you're the only
person that single and play Scrabble by
himself you know how depressing it is
doing Netflix and chill alone and then
realizing I don't even have Netflix in
the first place I don't have to do the
net fix I'll do any and I know people
can relate to this video so that's why I
did it
so if you do any of these ten things
you're blatantly single number one
you're definitely single if you find
yourself watching Game of Thrones on
Valentine's Day with your dad lady
smaller he say me gay ha ha ha ha Rula
can TJ get it you know I'm not 20 years
ago that was my preferred twister
transport GLaDOS yes I had to practice
dragon his name was received seemed the
jagat we used to always fight over
horses llama but when I drag it until he
was killed with some India you know how
it started the problem is Pakistan in
India you know the Indian Dragons come
into Kim before starting targets and
this is how the war is bloody starting
now that is you are 100% verified single
when you snap a picture of food and then
right bang on it and then you will at
this Ramadan and you can't even heat the
food anyway number two you're definitely
single when you find yourself at a
wedding and you're trying to give mother
to the bride and groom with your eyes
number four my yeah you know you're
single when you try to watch happy X and
tell them you hate him but they rock you
time ago but you run email to her anyway
I still remember the time when you said
you loved me for to know me I know it
has been over 12 years but I still think
of you you lied to me
Sushma hoop family is dead that
restraining order is out of order
you look good in your whatsapp explicit
church I know you're naive leap six
skips because I bought you a lot
exclamation mark next text that is not a
kiss but what you aren't mean rub you're
decreasing when you find all your
friends saying oh oh you mean I love you
talking about you we're thinking why are
you still single Hamza I found someone
and who are you find someone well you
find someone and you're thinking how the
hell did you find someone when did you
get married if you white blind well
there there must have been forced by her
parents
you know the Stuart typical one when
their parents are like today you are
getting married
nope abandoned just you want okay what
is his name but then you turn around and
you're like no I don't want to commit
that day long
I feed there of a friendly relationship
sleeping and causing that bulma meet
Larry he's a bodybuilder and it was
crying why because he's in a
relationship
I love crying in a 24-hour gym by
yourself while doing chest press and
you're like nah I know about that life
but later on you go home and you look in
the mirror and you start to cry because
you know the real reason you can't
settle down is because you're freakin
ugly number six guys but you know you're
single when your playing career mode on
people and you're getting
most moral with the storylines number
seven was supposed to say seven and
eight but to have a pen you know you're
single when you want that you ugly mate
hey you we've all done it you know the
guild was a three-and-a-half-hour 10 but
when times are rough majors can't be
choosers you get me from one time it was
so people know one to one of my closest
friends and I was like would you go out
on a date with me it wasn't my uncle it
is be English and he likes little boy by
so said no not even but beautiful uncle
likes me
yo if you made a peanut butter on who
doesn't even like you
why don't you like me Peter follow
through number eight sex we got crazy
budget for this video we spending will
on this but you know you're single when
you go on a road trip with your only
friend just sitting there on the bed and
he says the bassist line ever we don't
even really need girls that's when you
know you're single Path number nine when
you find yourself punching magic by
yourself
but you don't care how much weight you
put on because no one's ever gonna see
you naked anyway and number ten Reb you
knows a single when you try to make a
video on YouTube saying how single you
are and you're expecting big ears 2d
emulator on Instagram but you know full
well that only deems you want to get you
from seeing your voice saying follow me
ladies and gentlemen may I have your
attention please
okay have you registered to vote now if
you haven't what I need you to do is
first of all you need to have yourself
take all your clothes off and hugs
yourself then I want you to cry cry for
about five minutes and 47 seconds and
then what I need you to do is appended
extra soap because you just played
yourself and you played yourself so many
people are just tuning in to vote they
kind of have this mentality like I'm not
really bothered I mean all Portus
advanced
all same way they all have bad as each
other I let's be honest like one vote
it's not really going to change anything
you know I'm saying what's the worst
that could happen
yeah that's what America thought and bam
if I went back into my time machine
which I do have by the way can I go back
five years and time and I told myself
hands up Donald Trump is gonna be the
President of the United States of
America you know what I would do I would
kick myself in
and he realized that you have a gift
opportunity a chance to mold the future
the person we vote for is either going
to make our lives easier or harder
obviously I should be the Prime Minister
obviously everyone knows that now
woodlice Ayla
free chocolate Nikki Tuesday's all right
now that quantification I'm not here to
preach and tell you to walk walk Oh
That's not me that's my editors and
obviously a lot of people know that I
edit all of my stuff myself so
technically isn't me but it's up to you
at the end of the day I know why I'm
voting for but you need to go out and
vote every person that votes
I hunt the productions who give each and
every one of you 1000 pounds cash anyone
who votes you just hear me on my
Instagram obviously make sure you follow
me home to production and that and I
will give you a grand cause my mouth
that's how I roll okay obviously I'm
lying but I would just kind of prove
that I should be a politician you know
saying what okay thank you
