what the food of road but no one bishop
just a one dead man and it reached the
point year I asked me New Year's Blessed
legacy seventy five days later the
school's over and having unions teachers
I just reach it from so last week I made
a video about Pakistani on actual baking
or commenting like oh my god you are
served it it's not a outside that comes
but inside I'm only ugly people say that
panel don't worry I've got you because
this week we're gonna flip it and we are
on a doing different types of Pakistani
angles if you're Asian
I'm 70 I guarantee my life that you
probably have one uncle that's younger
than you
I don't even extend can somebody explain
to me how my uncle is younger than me
and why only Asians you know see why
people saying I have an uncle back to 11
know when you were young did you find
the time machine and usually be a great
idea to go to the future and piss me off
I'm not calling you on group your 16
cards how can I call you uncle when
you're still doing homework
explain to me when using that the movie
in section is like mind-boggling but
imagine Leonardo DiCaprio just turned
around right here and said I'm a company
younger than me oh my god that's when I
especially say I do not understand that
movie so why everything was like cool
out
I'll tell you everything you know I
understand dream in a dream my friend
but now he's got uncle that feels a bit
iconic the only good news and you'll
always get a 100 that wins the thing
shalwar kameez everyday life and we do
much bang quality Monday placement
Boxing Day
I mean that we get quiet even a newbie
I'm thinking if you have a swap meet one
more time then when do you actually wash
it do you want your swapna means every
time I see you is the same stain on your
Soraka means that underneath will be a
semen stain on the side or be like a
little doll stain and then all another
take the eggs I love it is open to eat
it's like the yellow did you dip it into
a unlock plate of some horse I don't
even know cut well they I thought I will
look
I decided to wear undoing I don't like
it under than is hurting me hurting me
on down underneath bottom is gluttony
I'm including all the time oh and under
with you is them and speaking of swag
now I don't know since it's just a
Pakistani thing or genuinely an Asian
thing but have you what I want uncle
back when thousands best way to show
get your trouser shrink did you go with
your father and say hey can I borrow
your thousand I know you're six years
old but I need them and give me your
under end but one that makes me breathe
but even squash people who make you look
at you and say that's true so true
and I don't care this is a known fact if
you are Asian you have without a doubt
that 100 he's minimum one that is here
illegally even be watching this very
video and he's like oh you know me how
he'll only bogey man becomes
oversubscription al Ghul's the
integrations that pay you know that
there's a rewards and that every time a
question would come for dinner you know
I did I put that program on you know the
background know that UK border cool put
it on the never been and then was been
looking at the TV like no no no just
shook him up right once I had a loose oh
look he fooled this guy with uniform
rusty sighs breathing what do you think
that you think bo is lost but go to a
pretty insane immigration see how I say
what rescue was quicker than found mine
I was that oh no God animate breath is
just the traffic woman doesn't it just
in case we mean just in case and you
always have a one single player on who
that would always turn around and say
with all in the girls why don't you
bring them man I know you more local
girls introduce me to your friends
but your PC said holy season due to them
in a Gotham from you look like a rebate
you are not begging my friend what kind
of friend would I be if I turned around
intent now as one of these come down in
life like me my uncle get to know him
now I think this applies to most algos
got you oh and uncle that cat so much
shit I think he knows everyone cause
that's Jackie yes this is kasnia Oh
400,000 for no yes 400,000 pounds
should we go work oh yeah I don't mean
you to hurt better you know how how
people they give money to the government
the government give me money yes I touch
them I catch the government you know
because in Pakistan I know lots of
people so
I'd be my before yes before obviously
auntie we don't know what they say that
there are four lines butter
I had a fourteen fifteen sixteen at the
same time
Wow yes leaving two of them little white
but my god
Roxanne oh yes they were sisters very
open
have you ever been to Egypt no no I used
to go eat it all the time all the time
no you know I know people there but I
know a lot of people in detail some of
the pyramids I actually want it's under
my name I'm going to come back one of
them as a car wash too much paperwork
you know what by I flew two planes at
the same time well you get really
version of a pilot blazing I remember
when I was your age I'm nicely younger
and don't get anyone three years out of
63 years and although two people people
that stuff'll I know I know a lot of
people in the sides again you know sleep
toastin know about my eyes I've once met
a dragon yes I know a lot of people in
the second game people and I've spoken
about this in other videos but everyone
will think seems a politician but if
you're savvy cause I understand about
any other Asian angle no shut your mouth
your politicians your SP driver and all
you do is complain about how Google is
taking all your customers and every time
they watch the news that you saw outfit
how many see those angles I just talked
for themselves
there's a bloody live band only poor
yogi so don't show you what is that
going on that is or the gun sales were I
six people or did I hit gut is the gut
will reply the guy is super boss Tony
Ward's watching but the camera watching
right away I don't wanna watch this I
think you always have that one uncle but
actually love for the miracle like my
Iranian on movie love America let me get
some Iranian key the best in there
you're like what I love your t-shirt
thank you get them tomorrow captain and
record is my favorite
yeah okay I love address of me I don't
know this I know Rico you see when I was
young in Tehran
and I was keeping from the drink drink
until eternity so when I was in Tehran
all my allotted all my dreams with a
miracle food and drink aboard I said my
dream is one day I would go to re-crawl
internet no I have not been what my
dreams are my dream is to drive a
Ferrari me in a little harem you can't
no no no this game i watch revenues cop
they show ring you get burger this size
of the size of the universe nanotech
today it's very big hot dog
official don't you run the dream I got a
dream
Tom behind any other simple dream when I
was in Iran back in 1962 I said to
myself in my head because I was younger
clip speak English
lovely I speak very good I'm a teacher
I'm number one teacher in the world you
can teaching walk English join and he
stole - efficient users should really
see Sony please don't underestimate that
gene I'm very upset right now under
review
honey can do anything yes your adieu
okay you're doing the dream go tomorrow
I'll give you a show my house is not
Detroit what's the point the point is
you can you ruin the dream runs on the
game to go down recall the gold is in it
and you're always getting some uncle who
dresses up up and says that one line one
line annoys the shit out of me I'm sorry
you made the best team first of all I'm
never making my legs so I don't even
know how you can even say I'm the best
when I'm under action got it lonely
please well maybe by all make sure I put
my elbow and your CEO to our nose in
your piece I will fuck in your pee I'll
piss in your pee I'll put money in the
liquid film I went too far no always
talk about the hard time and wide a
useful service me under my seven
brothers and sisters
we all stayed in one room and
the 14 children in one room the crazy
Spanish your pool and where you can have
14 kids back if you live in a flat and
you only is on one room why would you
then turn around and say you know what
we need about 14 kids yes and now for my
favorite part the message when I make
these jokes I'm just having a bit of fun
the pair don't mean any harm
I just like to pick up the truth and
talk about things that we can all relate
to and just have a little bit of fat but
there are some people out there that
take it too far
and there were a lot of people who judge
a lot of people that judge me and there
are a lot of people who probably judged
you see us Asian especially we find it
very easy to point and judge but what
I'm saying is and I've said this before
don't point at someone when this
creasing is playing back at you so I
wanted to tell you a short story once
there was a young man he was 24 years
old and he was on a train with his
father and as he was looking at the
window he was so excited and he was like
dad oh my god the clouds clouds in the
sky the clouds are running with us dad
and the dad was just silently smiled but
on the same train in the same carriage
there was also a young couple on the
other side they looked at the 24 year
old man with pity and I was getting
annoyed by his childish behavior and
then again the 24 year old man was like
look look at this tree dad smiled once
again but the couple were getting so
annoyed why is he acting so childish
honey keep his opinions to himself the
sky looks like he's in his mid 20 and
then they had another they were like
excuse me why don't you take her part to
a good doctor
and then the old father smiled once
again he said I did we just came back
from the hospital
my son was blind from birth
but he just got his life today and the
moral of the story is every single
person has a story so don't judge
someone before you know them because the
truth may surprise
