it's embarrassing bro you can slap up oh
oh it's like if I even played fun yeah
yeah bro you winning it
oh wow you're so good cheap man know
what's going on man what happened
if you go dump you again
no the servers down why gotta catch them
all
what the hell happened Robin there's a
there's a book stop right here just need
to collect some balls what you made me
you made me do an emergency brake
perfect fucker stop
yeah I'm just the run out of some balls
I mean just back just we just one second
you stupid got it awesome
got footballs I'm gonna door coming I go
for balls man Jamie yeah gotta catch em
all gotta go to catch them all to get
some dough
gotta catch em all brother gotta catch
them all shithead
giggle shit it you know what he
understands oh I'm going to Jimmy I'll
talk you later now well we both watch it
don't go Jim I've been going to the gym
for about a week now there's actually a
gym nearby go get that grind in there we
might keep our damn road safer touch it
out yeah I smash you up then yeah oh my
mom's game Jim yeah I have a once again
a big way back so Jim I gotta catch them
all you're a ticket JP hey don't judge
me oh what's wrong what's on your mind
oh you know me I'm leavin sensitive and
down yeah well I'm a mrs. black she
thinks I'm cheating on her
I don't even know what he's heard that
impression I'm saying now she's not
going on deep black change Wi-Fi
password and I know I find it hard to
talk to to someone about my feelings but
I'm just so happy that you know I could
talk to you baby
I'm like got one
I'm just so you playing Pokemon go know
just why you just download it cuz I've
got life it's a really good game when
you download it right now don't you get
a share by if it's a good game steak
food it takes a few seconds just to
download no it's gonna beliefs my
battery on my day off you look you can
get a squirter alright now one what am I
gonna do with a squirrel where's that
gonna gain me in life you can evolve I'm
not gonna go to my mom and say guess
what I have a screw it I don't care so
I'm asking you for this Pokemon go I
don't care buy it okay
can i buy your friend come on puppy to
your phone
oh she didn't pick up I just cookie so
your name what's this huh
did you just download Pokemon go no you
already had it
ha you wanted to play it didn't you Hey
you played a shit what are you doing in
my garden
oh I'm good I'm just tryin to find the
pok√©mon in the back garden if you just
let me fuck you man hey no look there's
a charger in your back garden is trying
to find it oh really okay that's fine
then just you just went there and let me
come down and put that Charizard right
up to out you bloody liar there's no
Charlie's out here to catch them all
let's see what this Pokemon thing is
about put a layer on a poker stop to
attract Pokemon okay even man long time
yeah man just playing Pokemon oh yeah
put a layer down aisle six thing let me
do the joining number cool ice expired
now though oh is it yeah man how you
been diving for I my life it's difficult
yeah have you got any more no no I got
one more only the one yeah how's
everything in here everything's good
well listen um I'll check you later yes
go up uncle I took you later we'll catch
up next time yeah I'm done
hey I've got now I've got now I've got
one more lap just bring a load down now
I'm just playing a lady yeah this is
ketchup now yeah yeah let's go
I'm gonna look anyway so what huh oh hey
hey hey
I think he's cheating on me he's out all
night with the boys he's always on his
phone and even last night he was still
on this Bowman he came back but all
happy and sweaty I think it's pretty
obvious what's going on here gotta catch
em all gotta catch em all gotta catch
them all
we in the morning enough in your dad
3:00 in the morning enough in your dad's
3:00 in the morning and helping your dad
I will be your dad
i for dick I don't know I won't be I put
on everyone's this home is manag fuck me
