let me just speak to the point here
first of all I just like to pick up my
boy you know he's always had my back
since they dog got so much love for him
failures and he's not here today huh you
mean you talk about me though right now
nice a friend I said friend right anyway
so basically I'm obviously JPS here aka
mr. Cairo if you haven't subscribed to
this channel please do if you haven't
subscribed to my channel man I do rights
we do skits you know work with humza
also go subscribe links in the
description below
alright guys and we have a small bus
special surprise for you guys today and
what we did is we got together and we
just wanted to do something a bit
different
we got bored really yeah and we wanted
to do something that you know we found
fun and was refreshing so we worked on
this erm we call it a pilot it's a pilot
it's just start a little thing yeah we
recorded on our phone it was just a
little small thing but yeah we thought
we'd share this with you and see what
you guys think so as I said it's a bit
different I think the best way to
describe it is Toy Story slash Family
Guy's slash leg or slash tummy slashes
have one more I didn't slash us yes yes
Tyra but nah that's it so it's hilarious
Noelle say it's hilarious before we
actually show it because now you're but
only a minute long it's okay
huh it's so shit if we spoil my voice we
have to see shit enjoy okay guys the
fetch it's gone hey guys we're just
thinking have you ever shopped anything
up your back okay what do you mean I
have a banana
why the hell would someone shove up but
not up there bastard him and see in it
like vitamin D huh get it because I I
would place the letter C with the letter
D okay you're not there 6 p.m. tomorrow
guys aasif officially killed the joke
hey guys Deadpool here buy my DVD
available at Tescos ESDA and for all the
English fans Iceland I should thought
but begging in trying to plug in your
DVD fam you trying to make a living
see you later so as I was trying to say
vitamin D is a play on words B basically
forget the vitamin part I was just
saying you know D but it was a joke
I made a joke
see that man oh no one did well I I'm
Batman once I found a family of bats up
my bum it was a dare
I dared myself well where does show - up
my bum yeah and I bloody do it again no
I'm sorry
no Jim hey you got your little stupid
idiot okay police this is your destiny
nah bro I'll get involved in family
politics I was a good I think the right
thing to do is just to carry on watching
I feel like someone should be recording
this one step ahead of me breath I wish
I had a father
what the hell okay guys I hope you
enjoyed that we had so much fun doing
that we did we wanted to do something
different because we understand that
look after die Road bad man you know our
lives change and JP's now undercover
millionaire with all his super Singh
franchise Peter places and me pieces for
living now yeah so he's rich and he does
music store and still does YouTube I'm
you know I'm achieving in there living
my dream TV now yeah a big YouTube is
what made us so we don't want to let it
go but we understand that you know
things have changed now and we need to
get with the times
exactly and we need to do things you
know consistently we need to front it
out you know as much as possible so if
you like this and you want to see more
if you want to see this um weekly
episodes of Lego Batman that's what
we're gonna pull it right over there
that's quite close and if you want to
see weekly videos of Lego Batman
we want three thousand likes on this
video just gauzy that's it there's like
this like how many subscribers do you
have a lot 300,000 yeah boy is under
300,000 so now you just you're hyping it
again if you liked it and you want to
see more and you want to see episodes
from this week onwards then make sure
you click the like button and I would
like to quickly say as well I need to
say this to everyone
look the weekly vlogs obviously I didn't
do one today because I wanted to do this
I wanted to do something different but
the weekly vlogs you know it's been it's
been brilliant thank you so much for all
your great feedback I mean it's just a
great way I guess with logging to kind
of let them see like the inside of my
life we we have been doing so many
things in the background you guys have
always asked please do vlogs and I've
told this guy to do it and he's finally
doing it now yes me it'll be it's been
fun so far using the blocks
and badman 6 is actually need nearly
done it is all yes Oh Plus this that's
me Gus carry amazing is also and that's
gonna have more jokes more story twists
and definitely a lot more action
Amaya next time though we can't say
record or no as a hype it well that's
not an idea if I don't even know myself
yet so Batman 6 should become an eyesore
and last but not least bubblegum sees
them - I like you better yet you don't
have been crazy about bubblegum so after
eat in a couple of days time we can
officially announce that with starting
filming so all of these things are gonna
happen anyway but I'm just trying to do
more weekly stuff so we've got the vlogs
but you want this as well so there's two
videos a week why not and it's easy to
make yeah exactly so guys 3000 likes and
make sure you subscribe to my boy mr.
Cairo and them yeah and let's do this
man let's get those million subscribers
on my channel is at his first is 10 one
or together holla
