let me to the point here now this is me
in Lego form this is a shit dirty room
and now I'm about to show you something
disturbing
something freaking creepy I'm talking
about my sideburn
travelling back in time in 2002 and
reuniting with Craig David slicker than
your average album cover that's right my
sideburns are gone after 12 years I now
look like
this gorge is calling me and he's about
to tell me to end my life and I might
have to listen to him
I might have to listen to him but that's
not good if she's one of my mates you
can wait so there you have it
yes the sideburns are gone the double
chin is back and I do look like a pupil
from Yugoslavia in year 7 that's finding
life hard but I got to do what I've got
to do and yes I am showing my hair and I
don't think I show my hair that much
oh if not ever I also got a lying here
like you know Asian boys that always
like the lining I don't know where it
leads like I think it leads to virginity
or something but you know I've got the
line and obviously like you know what
they look slick they look back and slick
look nothing like Beckham by the way but
has I have his hairstyle and yeah so I
decided to start vlogging why why do you
ask and to be honest no one asked I'm
just assuming but if I'm right in
assuming the reason why is because you
guys have made it very apparent and very
clear and that you guys want to see my
life as Hamza so I'm gonna start showing
you my life and it's gonna be a bit
crazy it's gonna be a bit weird but my
vlogs are not gonna be like normal vlogs
like what does it or light message Mila
when I'm when I'm filming when I'm not
filming no one messages me but now two
people are on hype I'm gonna it's fine
I'm cool I'm not I'm not getting angry
it's gonna get very personal but you
guys are gonna know me and hopefully we
can build a relationship and you are
gonna be a part of my journey I guess in
life and yeah we're gonna start off with
today and as I said I have shaved my
bird and I don't know why I didn't
pronounce paid properly you know
recently I've been doing that I don't
know what's wrong with me I just a
comedy hardly pronounce shit anymore
feel like a freshie you know one of
those ones like
hello sir can I have a tooth up please
very big cock I want it Paul Paul fuck
and say coke that's what I'm saying but
these vlogs are gonna be cool
I hate how I'm looking right now but
this is the reason why I took it off
first of all it's it's it's a symbol of
change you know I'm saying just change
and you know I want to revamp my my
humzaproductions I want to start fresh I
want to go back into YouTube and go all
out and get these million subscribers
and the only way I'm going to get these
million subscribers is by making vlogs
daily vlogs I don't know how many times
I'm going to do this a week lat it might
be lat one time it might be true time it
might be three time it might be eight
times a week I don't know yeah but I'm
gonna do vlogs I'm gonna carry on a bad
man I'm gonna carry on the Bubblegum I'm
gonna carry on with as many things as I
can do to make sure that I'm throwing
out content there and then it's your
guys job to not only watch it but then
spread these videos and hopefully get
everyone to subscribe to my channel if
you haven't subscribed to my channel
right now what I want you to do is just
look in the mirror and when you're
looking in the mirror look into your
eyes your actual reflection in your eyes
and when you're looking in your eyes
then slap yourself slap yourself silly I
want you to slap yourself so hard that
some random guy will just walk with this
door and say that must of her like
that's how hard I want you to slap
yourself if you haven't subscribed so
anyway now the bed I don't want to do
something new I want to do something
fresh you know I mean I want to change
I'm not talking about a drastic change
like you know like a sex change but I'm
talking about you know like a change I
want to look sexy on girls to look at me
Milla rah I might just have to take my
job for two seconds you know I'm joking
stuff real endeavor you know I just want
to look so sexy you know so sexy I just
want to look so sexy you know I'm saying
I don't look very sexy rough now I want
girls here I want girls to look at me
and be luck yeah I mean like I don't
even make sense like isn't it like she
hasn't even said a word you're just
making what why I don't I don't get no
what shall we see who's messaging me
right now okay so awesome is saying
wanna eat some pre
food chef made chicken and veg pasta
good for energy this any means one thing
he's offering me free food oh shit Oh
oh shit alright you know what a safe a
blog yeah keep it up guys you know like
keep watching the videos and stuff I
won't go man I know I'm saying like free
food liars
this is some serious shit right here so
you know what I mean you just have fun
and I'm just gonna bowl and see oh hang
on all right Annie oh I need a I need
jeans first I need jeans put him on the
jeans now oh cool oh let me go call okay
and see you guys later and we're gonna
carry me shut that off me my phone
actually remind me to clean my room
later I'll see you in a bit say what's
going on people obviously I'm not really
I don't know I think I I think
I look like a dick obviously man is
getting ready for football now I haven't
got a bid so I think like you know
scientifically I think I should be
faster you know like aerodynamics and
shit that's obviously my can wrapping it
big
I believe safe
obviously we've got mad communication
and basically I'm waiting for us if he's
playing football today as well and I
know that he's gonna you know even
though I might not like it but other
people would like like you know whatever
I do they're just like here cuz you know
I'm a sexy guy you know I'm saying say I
think it's gonna like it it looks it she
suck all right guys so obviously
finished football first things first we
won last week I have to say that because
we lost in it's one of those ones in it
that you have to talk about the past
because of the pain anyway here is come
on
the killer killer voice for the killer I
hear that police is name is the killer
okay come on quick thing yeah I kill the
goal is over hang on hang on hang on
women kill the ball come on man what's
wrong with you what do you think about
oh my god look baby Hamza that's a
bloody come on come on man you know you
shaved you look baby ah Sam sexy no
ready you look shit so we're not gonna
ever talk to come on again gone are so
safe here they Cielo take care bro we
won last week yeah maybe next year you
know I'm gonna start gym soon I'm not
gonna lie like the bullshit bro so
anyway I'm I'm gonna start gym now I've
been actually dreaming if you were
following my Instagram and snapchat been
doing loads of it but since I'm going to
Thailand Malaysia I just ate every
single halal Big Mac there is to offer
anyway um I'm out oh my god I'm so far
so I just got home
it's about well that clock not work
because obviously I'm Pakistani and
batteries are long and just got back and
it's been crazy played football and I
have to get used to these kind of vlogs
man I have to get used to it after gate
I have to get used to going out and
taking this camera with me and showing
everything well I'm getting bit messages
staying on the left but on the levels
it's gonna be a hard one it's going to
be a hard one and but I'm excited and to
show you my life this is just you know
the start this is just about you know
such a shock that I actually finally got
rid of my facial hair even though I'm
gonna grow it but what kind of bed would
you say would be the best I should not
grow it very long should I just grow a
little bit thick here or should it be
thin but like quite big should I go back
to the small ones now you know what do
you think just comment below and yeah I
mean this is the first of many and let's
see how it goes really yeah this is
going to be very unique because I'm not
really not really a vlogger so this is
going to be really interesting you may
actually see a different side of me and
I'm not going to cry wouldn't even make
sense if I cried I think that'd be quite
that big that we pretty weird actually
just start crying for no reason after
football but I'm yeah I lost like and I
don't even I don't like losing I'm gonna
lie like I play football a lot that
football is my life it don't look like
it I'm actually proper sick you know
that proper proper sick from yeah but
you know yesterday not yesterday so he
last week this is how you know I trust
shit but last week we want to games and
I'm saying so obviously mine's a win out
here that today was just a bit you know
obviously I had some players who like
you know didn't really know English so
we tell us it possible they describe a
lot confused and stuff and I everyone
speaking in Punjabi you know it was a
confusing time you know certain man's
got nutmegged in you know like when you
get nutmegged like some of my teammates
got nutmegged and then like their
confidence just like when that you could
tell this soul just sat down that I just
watched the game it was kind of peak I'm
not gonna lie but me still played all
right I'm gonna hit the gym soon I'm
gonna hit back gym soon but I stopped
boxing as war let a lot of people no
doubts that boxing so don't mess with
men's unless you're stronger than me
then you can mess with me in it and yeah
man coming below tell me what you think
and make sure you subscribe all wrong
size get myself
