I've seen some but nothing and I mean
nothing compares to this number
not just Bollywood movie is cool now is
what she did film yesterday with my
parents I'm like you know some money in
one watch it was so unrealistic I
thought it was a dream that's how
unrealistic
it was Space Jam is more realistic than
this movie Space Jam
it's about alien possible players and
Bugs Bunny and Michael Jordan I don't
know who wrote that script now let me
tell you about this one fight scene okay
all starts with this criminal and this
guy looks like the straw face of Bombay
and this guy looks serious but please
just tell me please
who the hell is in charge of hiring your
henchmen who is subscribe we didn't
fight this umbrella from poison Russ
Ravis more colorful than six times here
and you see an art penis probably had a
few too many foot boarders in our time
crying and and you're thinking you know
what this villain he looks like he's war
hawk he's gonna do the right thing
inconsolable
come for her tell her everything's gonna
be okay my man holy Grimm stroke like
she's a dumbbell and the way he's
holding our head we've I don't even
think that's a weave why try not pull it
off
I drop the weenie - stop - my mom like
that promise on then they picked up oh
dear - Bay firewood on him bang they're
gonna burn him alive because coffins are
they expensive still don't ask how I
know I researched the dumbest things
that I'm maybe like I actually research
if you can have Wi-Fi in your coffin I
don't know how that's gonna benefit me
when I'm dead black I would be suffering
in the grave I least I could intercept
it and I croak that maybe the son is
still alive I don't even know at this
point I was too busy be winding and
playing back the - now this auntie was
fully begging the villain to allow her
son and then he declines the offer
how is he gonna kick off okay now what
do you do is you kick her butt pick up
for him
okay none of this fake shit you want me
to kick her is that okay with you
absolutely not she says that I should
take the cookie though but the way this
guy just finished that Eric Cantona on
this aunty this guy's evil even shut
down is like oh that's too much you need
Allah is going to help Somalian ones
wallah so now that when I burn the body
and the villain does a signal to fool of
someone who has a liar for a matchstick
but look how extra this guy is when did
you find such a big stick stop making a
promotion you work in a gang no as dog
and the way that this guy sparks the he
was man what happens next is it a please
finally arrived to the scene even though
it's been like 15 minutes late and this
auntie's been kicked and sparked way too
many times for my liking
o be the dead heroes brother comes out
of nowhere with his gang of boys from
Hackney and they fully get revenge we'll
see when the family fill a load off
we'll just fly up and spring up into the
air and just glide coincidentally in
midair and pour water which goes all the
way back down into the heroes map and
then he suddenly just revives and
everyone up because obviously that war
was good quality to war yeah you guessed
it right
oh man this is why I'm adamant that
these people in the Bollywood industry
are on some sort of drugs doing balloon
she fall down low to fly in the air it
Thomas and pours water all the way back
down to the hero mouth he come back
alive even though he's dead but he's
back alive now because water is good for
you and this water is a special water
from from France he has his eyes closed
he's dead but he quince identity opens
his mouth before the war actually pause
it to his mouth so he in the air pouring
water down that is going to directly in
my mouth
I'm picking how many times can you hear
your mom get kicked and sparks in the
face
and yet you still choose to do nothing
do you know that she must be your
stepmom she got me a new month because
you can't hit you can't hear you mum
gangbang and just bully just being her
sister she's gonna compete in the Dory
just and I'm sure she'll be fine
that wasn't even a are you gonna be
slurping war that's coming from a low
top is information time if you use for
cleaning once pump you pull war in it
and then you put that war on your bum
and clean yourself you know one of those
ones and obviously at the front on your
kebab line just enjoy a bit of boost in
job
syndra gang but seriously that's
disgusting like I feel sorry for your
future wife who has to let you knowing
full well that you drink war from a
lotta I would not recommend that to
anyone and this one like aids your mouth
and then the guy starts crying and I'm
thinking Rob let go of the load off
thank you say let go it's helped you now
but don't hang onto it like a lot is not
the key of winning a street fight you
already a disadvantage you against bare
hands so why you gonna disable one of
your hands and just hold a lot I
randomly there were these three pagans
jump in the air
in a straight line use a stunt
choreographer who's in charge of that
that don't make sense you want to see
again how does this make sense
and I'm not gonna sunny Bad's would
watch this and think he's giving the guy
a massage
no one of those ones last spoken a baby
pool when you're a little kid in your
dad's night comes I can you stand on my
back like I'm not a chiropractor but I
don't know I just feel that if you do
pain in any part of your body the
solution pakistanis is not to step on it
the way the Pakistani traffic's there
completely is when it freezes
they just keep slapping it on the side
with their village plutonium hand let me
make it more clever damaging it won't
fix it
understand rocks Donny's it's obvious
that this guy's on roids or taking some
sort of clenbuterol science because the
way he - these three fully grown men
like that we just you're back do you go
to the same supplement shop as Canelo
the funny thing backwards but then in
the next shot they're flipping forward
and then in the next short they pull
backwards like the stunt coordinator
must be getting paid alone anybody or
not because he's fully know
concentrating on his job here they're
slipping that backwards no no forwards
now I think oh do you know do it he one
man can go have sex with a rat but this
shocked me more he was still holding a
load Bob Rob Rob beautiful this is your
therapist and let go and why is your
hand fully inside of it congratulations
your hand has officially contracted
chlamydia by the way just just for the
record I've I never saw a kangaroo make
love to a rat that is actually just me
just change but I don't want people to
think that all wild hamsa swatch is some
next porn any sparks all three of them
with minimal contact and watch this fall
and what wrong is this big man yes
probably like about 40 of you guys but
yet you all choose to attack him
individually how does that make sense
cuz like it's like a light in football
history of you jump on him to get out
this will end in 12 seconds max and why
is every single Indian film and every
single fight when the baddies get bang
door flung door kicked or whatever they
would always land on something random I
mean what the feel that well that's a
inconvenience and what you're about to
see is my man being up a whole entire
army single-handedly with just
I switch you are coming up right off did
you write um how does he win um I think
he leads everyone up
he beats everyone up with the loader
yeah and then watch this no connection
whatsoever and then the most Awkward
move I've seen in my life what is that I
don't know what mood is then no
connection once again why he's even
standing like that just blindly waiting
to get fully sparked by a looter can
this hurt me I say that this one my man
is looking the other way why there's
only one value all attacking he just
spent the whole of ramazan sparking all
of your boys individually it's been two
minutes it's a fight sign and used to
don't know where he is
why are you looking for I love life and
I saw this move I swear on my life I
just left the room come outside I then
said hey now that you're outside and
we're looking face-to-face should we
just hang out because I would rather do
that then continue watching this dumb
and don't even make sense I mean look at
this when the hearer threw the punch why
are you all standing in two perfect
lines facing each other and not at the
guy you're attacking what were you guys
doing hey brother yes president I know
there's supposed to be this hero up but
do you want to play a game what game you
want to play brother staring good test
you mean who blinks first yes brother
hey I want to play too
I want to play too I want to play too
guys after my nose stops bleeding this
one's not blainley didn't even connect
you even these two guys somehow manage
to epic and damaged and man's hero no
captain dies with a single punch with a
low top not just when you think he can't
be anyone he actually did these three
verses take our samurai suit each and
all shred the load off and I don't know
why they are holding this position for
so long by the time they finish I
literally could have cooked three eggs
like you don't even make sense
and this one wasn't even touching a low
top it was
standing near in the air then he breaks
all the three swords with yeah you
guessed the load ah and then once again
everyone would be landing one random one
landed on a birdhouse one landed on a
random bench that was already broken one
hand is on a carriage but I didn't even
make sense because he didn't go with the
lost shop landing from the one gets bang
outside but then goes through a door
from the inside of a house and then one
lands on a six-foot pile of Arabian sand
and then dies as the sand might have
been toxic I guess then he actually dies
with the load off
and I'm like promises a looter man you
guys contributed fully to this way I
guess you are the key to success in a
three-fight mix time again to a fire I'm
gonna pull out a knife I'm not gonna
pull out a gun I'm just gonna pull out a
load stalkers man this guy obviously
deserves to die from a low dose because
through the flashbacks you can see he's
trying to say to me or so say he was go
but there was a hero finally kills the
villain and main villain the one who
uses his guilt and I'm thinking how many
times what kind of boyfriend are you you
definitely win the award for the
shittiest boyfriend of 2018 you need to
stop fingering that load off and start
protecting your girl for goodness sake
crap porn alarm system in your house at
least change the law hold off from time
to time and sakes has anyone tried to
sexually assault you today no oh that
makes a change now my favorite part
story time this story is called
potatoes eggs and coffee I know what
you're thinking oh this is gonna be a
story either that it's just gonna make
me really hungry but just listen once
there was a door who complained to a
father that her life was miserable and
that she didn't know how she was going
to make it she was tired of fighting and
struggling all the time it just seemed
as one problem was solved another one
soon followed but her father who was a
chef
took her to the kitchen and the what he
did was he got three pots and filled
them each with war then he said the boy
with the war in each pot
and what he did was he got potatoes he
got eggs and he got coffee beans then he
turned around and he was like what are
these three things and she replied
potatoes eggs and coffee she wasn't
impressed a few moments
later and then he turned around and said
to his daughter now look closer so when
she touched the potatoes she realized
that the potatoes were now solved
she started peeling off the show she
realized that now it's a hard-boiled egg
and when she sipped the coffee he aroma
my the taste just put a smile on her
face and then she looked at her father
and said what does this mean why are you
trying to tell me he then explained that
the potatoes eggs and coffee all faced
the same adversity the boiling war
however each one reacted differently
before the potato went inside the
boiling water it was strong it was hard
but in boiling water it became soft and
weak now the egg was fragile with a thin
outer shell which was protecting the
liquid interior until it was put in
boiling water after that the inside
became hard
however the ground coffee beans were
unique after they were exposed to the
boiling water they changed the war and
created something new and then he asked
his daughter the question which one are
you when adversity knocks on your door
how do you respond what I'm trying to
say is there are gonna be times where
you will feel like you're drowning in
that boiling war as we all go through
adversity we all face pain sadness
heartbreak whatever it may be but what
really matters is how it changes you and
what's inside of you so whenever you go
through hardship just remember think to
yourself which one I the potato the egg
or the coffee bean
now I'm hungry so I'm gonna eat
something but please subscribe because I
just told you a story about freakin
potato and egg and Ola - subscribe ok
subscribe
look language before I fixed it look
look I deserve subscription look look at
this light I brew it with my own money
you should subscribe look hot day my
roomies I need a cleaner and I can only
get cleaner with more subscribers which
will mean more money now see that's not
freshly
I just want subscribers doesn't really
affect my mop oh you know what I think
this is getting much subscribe
