let me get straight to the point yeah
okay guys it's Batman's ward episode 20
the loss of the season and today I want
you to do something simple but special
and you guys are always saying be more
Q&A do my Q&A I'll free the poof I mean
no that's a confession I meant do Q&A so
here we go I love would be disappointed
with that dogs yeah that was dead and
you sound like my mom sometimes i when
you getting married I'm sorry when you
getting married
hums I let's play truth or dare when are
you getting married well I don't know I
need to find someone dumb enough to
marry me in the first place I need to
find a victim if worse comes to worse
I'll just order one from ebay they do
everything rich I can say the alcohol
say that fair enough
I'll do the boring on salt he has to
look good I don't want her looking like
a complainer or something tell them
who's trustworthy someone who's loyal
and someone who I can see as the best
friend now let me say that again but
because I'm so depressing I'm gonna say
with piano in the background I want
someone who I can trust
I want someone who is loyal someone that
is like my best friend huh huh
that was me attempting to cry but yeah
something like that
Jackie Chan I'm joking it's me fool me
oh my god that shouldn't be telling
naughty boy I spanked you 50 times push
what you 9 to go basically next week one
day I'm gonna announce the new shows for
phase 3 and it is gonna be eyes so you
have to make sure you guys shoot in -
next Monday because I'm gonna be
dropping some bombshells that's a little
bit terrorist don't look into it white
people under the same thing really
Radford I guess more shisha places what
the enol but I definitely kissed cows in
the past you get it in direct links to
the exes now sound bill above under no I
will never kiss a horse wearing a bra
again okay just you're just one just
five times
I don't know what do you think mom this
is Ayesha I know you don't really get
along with her because she's a bit you
know westernized but I'm pretty sure
that you'll work around it
meet Thomas but I think you like Tom
he's good guy yeah it was like Muslims
though yeah he does even like me
just just uses me because when he kisses
me this is how
and he really likes horses really I
don't know where that went
I don't know just you know sometimes
when you just track shit and then I just
go some way down there me yes I have
actually got stung might not be a wasp a
wuss
- I think was two days ago but basically
I was looking at my crepes and I thought
rah man what big taste I don't I didn't
think that I just wanted to bring myself
up that on the slide but I put my foot
in the shoe and then what else he's not
some pain baby and I know what
why is pain coming oh no way no like
heartbreak on my foot and then I look
down I just see some yellow patty just
looking at me thinking yeah I just shank
you fine then she shank to me man times
on my phone it allowed this and I just
got a shoe and I slapped the shit
you're not like tomorrow Croydon wash
make sure you be there huh
but what some keke fans you know but
yeah it depends on the quality of your
thighs yeah
I'd say go to the gym you fatty bullshit
you're fat how can you wear baggy
clothes and it's still tight
you got problems no come on
Chiron obviously allow someone Khan with
his village steroids just casually
running people over like oh sorry sorry
I hope he has like insurance okay
anomaly joking don't you twist it I'm
human too I get depressed sometimes you
know one of those ones with like a hot
summer's day but your day looks at this
and it may depressing music in the
background like Celine do and just pops
out of nowhere like some drug addict gin
at the smoking weed and singing this
song light make depressing but look
Hades can hear this that's time and you
ain't got much time in your life so you
have to think hey don't want to spend my
time being down on the floor or do I
want to spend my life living it with a
smile and that's the thing sometimes
life is hard and it's only human nature
to be down
why not Fortuna cuz we ain't got time
for that
it's a smile all right that's good one
you know that's like one of those ones
were you like right as a stay so what's
that and then put those pictures up you
know those deep meaningful pictures that
you see on Google Images like a like
you're just walking through like a field
that just random now are you there
now I'm gonna be real with you I don't
think I'm ever gonna get a million like
I said this before my last video I think
it's a bit too late now but with my
phase 3 kind of idea the things that I'm
gonna do and the levels I'm gonna take
it and I think that it could happen but
all I can do is try my best so as I said
let's just wait for phase 3 it's gonna
be in September it will be the 5 year
anniversary or die or a bad man when I
first started so yeah it's gonna be a
crazy one but I've got some surprises I
have to what's wrong with your life like
honestly do you live at home and your
mom just looks at you like this I don't
think I have the energy to be shitting
every day like all the time like I love
one of those ones and your boys are like
boy hums up I mean the boys gonna play
football you coming here not sorry bro
laughs I'm too busy shitting man I've
never really done a me and Greek so I
might do it soon yeah well what do you
think just leave your comments below of
the places that you want me to to
organize the meet and greet and I'll see
if I can do it but I love my fans and I
would love to meet you guys
you know what long and hard about this I
thought about who my closest mates like
I fall about my father
I fought about my mom my dad my best
friends and my boys I've always been
there since day one so after thinking
about it I would say Kim Kardashian
Megan Fox Priyanka Chopra one backstage
Bollywood dancer
Nicki Minaj Princess Jasmine from
Aladdin okay keeping you halal I
remember back in school my black friends
used to say I teach me that that
Pakistani language in it I was like all
right who you wanna cut someone and they
were just like yeah yeah yeah yeah one
cause people wanna cause people in the
Pakistani language from Sarah who walk
to this Pakistani boy right there and
say man Kuta who and I said if you say
that to someone that's like you calling
them a dog but in a rude way it's like
yeah y'all that rude so one of my pet
mates he was just running around the
whole school thinking he was a bad man
running up to being Asian boys just
saying boy hey Miku Tahu hey Miku Tahu
right Mako Tahu
ah who's all funny and I never told him
where I meant and you know usually at
the end you be like nah I played a joke
on you now I just wanted him to live the
rest of his life just saying make
without who to random Pakistani people
and I Drive an Aventador obviously good
yeah well oh they are bikinis so sir
vented oh that's the Lamborghini that
you assumed I just owned
oh it's a hard one my would have to say
Shree file rock no I used to love you
know that level where you're just
warming up and you were like 40 seconds
or a minute to smash up a cock and I'll
do it see whose car is back imagine if
he just has some crappy day I work and
you just come back and you just see the
car light and then halfway through you
realize it's not even a gun fingers
that's awkward
bye anyway guys I hope you enjoyed this
I'm never gonna do this more often
because I love it
five bands will probably come back I'm
not sure yet I've got the shows all in
place if I need your help I'm gonna
upload a picture on my Instagram today
and it's gonna say hums the production
and I want you to comment under that
picture I don't want you to tell me what
do you want me to do you want me to do
weekly shows do you want me to do small
sketches small it with episodes do you
want big episodes you want big
characters you want storylines is your
favorite bubblegum is your favorite
Batman's war do you want something
different so please leave your comments
down below on that picture on Instagram
that will upload today and hopefully I
can look at the comments and say yeah
phase three is going in the right
direction or maybe I might say hey I
might have to change it up a bit and I
will definitely definitely announce what
I'm doing next Monday so make sure you
stay tuned subscribe to my channel and
always always
you
