you
okay dad I'm will be off Norris you
later okay better make sure you thank
Allah for allowing you to have this
opportunity that you will have a safe
flight there and back and a you know
make sure you read your Dhamma and for
it is it gone I would do that okay Frank
said no problem happened up until you do
it the world before I something yeah
I've got up on my phone okay okay no
problem
for my first yeah the left one yeah yeah
yeah okay yeah I'm okay to the car
traveling a lot definitely rule
thanks teddy and every Giuliana magic to
the hotel to the soil as a mother no you
initials the line I have to go confess I
don't suppose the wall and was out the
door
God will miss my flight oh that's it the
debacle not missing your flight
don't forget that one is very important
amazing we are going on No we very much
start back everything including that Cup
yeah every year so myself do you want us
to bring you anything from the England
no no don't be silly just bring yourself
okay okay not a problem
well see you soon well now that you will
see is make sure you being 5 - 6 is 2
MacBook Pros and a Rolex watch so what
we get in them that primer so fit do you
want us to bring you anything back on
the UK no no no Dave just bring yourself
alright then cheers mate chick love your
son thank you so disgusting you're my
stepdad
so next week we're both going to our
homeland so is there anything you want
us to take it on
can you give this to Milan in care
this is happy - mama I'm vishna give
this to my nephew mother can you take
this dog too
Cimino unfashionable oh is gone now
rich Lerner you've got an uncle in
Canada we're going for a honeymoon next
week you want us to take anything no oh
you're so considerate I love you
Charlotte hmm my name is Helen who's
Charlotte Johanna my mother's could
Caroline and you damn right now no it's
not confuse step out huh don't sorry
get out huh
right got my t-shirt on your shorts and
gotten some lotion
stay near calm
that is hundred fifty kilograms oh I
have six other suitcases true yeah where
to today so take its nigga take put the
boot shush
mom I'm gonna be off now kovita please
do not go well my son I love you so much
but my part to talk to at night God is
going don't like white people we are
Asian families stick together I'm gonna
see fuck me oh you burn mom it's a
school trip to full pot I'm going to be
back in the afternoon don't you go don't
you pick shaped lovely
mom this is it
I know it's gonna be hard for you and I
know you're gonna miss me how about you
left yet have fun
doesn't really sound like you're gonna
miss me Rob have fun it's Jim
hey Barry may I'm going Brian for the
weekends you want to go off to my job no
problem mate look out for the Moslems
okay Becca we're leaving the house so
you know the drill
lay the lights on all the light in the
microwave make sure the TV on and put
the volume on flaps or full of people
are typing hey these people inside this
is nobody inside okay done done what
can't do the thing on the phone slots in
two hours
Kumar taxi
oh man wake up what's wrong with your
life we've got a flight to catch
that's tomorrow evening what are you
trying to say what if you miss the
flight will you spit on me no you gonna
do let me get to the point yes what's
going on people I hope you liked our
video I just wanna pick up my friend a
good friend of mine Hollie Wakeham
equality bro at Ally official UK on
Twitter Instagram Facebook and even
snapchat big shot to this guy man - true
true legend thank you for bringing me up
wall I hope you guys like that what do
they do man yeah make sure you press the
leg boys follow me there's more albums
of production or Twitter Instagram
snapchat no longer and also subscribe to
this channel rap yeah let's go yes come
this way
don't you want El Cajon no no that you
already made that decision you made that
decision safe
