but this is way too early for this
honestly like white people they can wake
up there early but me I can't yeah I
don't know where my manager is I'm at
Sky I'm late cuz obviously I'm Asian so
it's a bit of a mad one so I'll go go go
go what's going on people here Sky News
HDS raw kind of full HD I'm sorry have
an I'm a Coco Pops here that's my
manager waste man yeah what'd you say
senior hungry there's my boy see if you
got problem with me
it's my boy fix you up yeah yeah so just
about to go on em high high is about it
really gonna do this thing then
obviously gonna start my tour don't know
what's going I'm going to hear what's
cool is it Quinn were Quinton Quinton
Quinn Aston you know I need to work on
the pronunciation so I'm gonna do that
now but they allow ya humza arshad is in
the studio at night and Hamza you're a
comedian best known for your diary of a
bad man yep that's right
yeah that's me yep and I reckon you're
not as bad as you're painted and I tried
to be by doesn't really work really work
yeah well I mean you know first of all I
look very good in in that video that
we've just seen there and also and yeah
you know I think the best thing about
comedy it's it's it's universal anyone
can connect to it and if you can grab
the audience's attention with comedy and
have a serious message message at the
end then I think it can work it's a
different way it's a unique way but it
can work there comedy videos basically
on my youtube channel but what they
would have is a message at the end that
are from like either the Quran and the
hadith to show kind of the positivity of
Islam because obviously there's a very
negative outlook you know that's been
portrayed you know because of certain
few individuals you're going into
schools as from today yeah look with you
and what you're trying q alright thank
you very much did that Holmes Arshad who
is a comedian I was kind of people
managers obviously opening you do for me
because I've seen - Big Brother I don't
even understand why I'm holding the
camera right now I'm too big for this
Manchester Sky News in the morning I on
the level I need to eat as well yeah
okay no response that's clueless no
respect no respect and now we're going
to a first school I was the school's
name other Quinton Princeton yeah okay
Quinton whatever I don't know oops sorry
sir my friend badness I don't know what
he's doing I don't know I think wasn't
knocked me over
alright so basically it's camp boss a
animal wait I don't even understand it
myself just on my way to the school side
of that that obviously that's gonna be
sick
Suns in my eyes
panicking of my nerves let me do a zoom
in or zoom out history I can zoom out
assuming that for added effect
everyone just like my team's walk
backward in front of me not caring about
my safety look there's dangerous people
out here dangerous people in Texas our
school feels slightly rival baby weight
going into the school now I'm not gonna
lie I'm just looking at the cafeteria
right now I might have to break it up
still the cafeteria but damn it yes
that's why I was looking at before
really crap camera anyway guys what yeah
yeah well what Instagram hums of
production no just a shout out to
everyone hey hey our new friends I've
got friends take it sir it's all right
love you guys so know your man is done I
need to go to lying on a lie
big up to the team the team must get on
a say yes oh yeah you know just how it
is so now I'm gonna go see you later
good bye guys and this woods kind of
like beer woman this one put my face
like this huh yeah I walk like this Bob
night we're gonna lilac I look like an
idiot
go Tina wish me luck this P is gonna be
sick
Oh
picnic quickly quickly quick really
quick so we're here written on the word
for an hour and a half bait hide over
here now should be good
gonna be crazy I think it's good st.
Augustine yeah that's the one I think my
railroad
let Northwest London ish so they love
gonna be a sick one
Oh
thank you
that's my bro yeah we try to surprise
but figures the school squad are coming
from everywhere
stop
Oh
mental defects in my
oh my god oh my god wait hey ET 0.000
stop
you gonna date this just to finish
another school in Ealing very very nice
it's really really good and really true
trying to leave now but this is the
wrong time and it's obviously the rock
actually is the wrong time to leave now
and what's good oh boy yeah yeah and
then yeah and then hey what's going on
Hong Kong 240 thousand subscribers watch
the 21 countries
thank you once again for coming down I
wanna take too much of your time
I know people may or may not know but I
am a Muslim this is bad man he began
making funny videos in and around his
home in Southland and Stretton
and he became a youtube sensation
obviously there's a few misguided
individuals that do make us look bad but
obviously the media I think takes a bit
too far you know Muslim this terrorist
this Muslim dog attacks Ross it's
because he is so famous on YouTube like
he's really well-known he being a
Pakistani Muslim myself I can like
relate to here quite a lot so the stuff
he says it's quite it's personal as well
at the end he always leaves something
for you to take away and I think that's
what makes it effective you know it's
just a great combination to have you
know such a great law and a lifetime
come on wife is a Harlem hi fella better
still be hiding there may be rotting in
the air maybe reporting in the air this
is you go get funky funky get funky
funky funky funky funky
get funky funky
all of in the end please
Oh
Waldo sample so basically we're just
leaving now a good one
hello
yes monkey get funky
get funky get funky get funky get funky
junky get funky get on games get funky
get funky Ready Steady Go get funky
it's funky funky get drunk
