let me spawn straight you get here I'm
gonna lie I'm in a bad mood I just had a
realistic nightmare
basically I will sexually assault our
engines and I'm not gonna like the green
one instigated it anyway I hope you
enjoyed last week's episode
it was obviously a special one I never
said before that I spoke about you know
how we should be proud of our heritage
our roots being proud of our culture
yeah now this week's episode ten dumb
things Asian people do number one
let me see 11 wide Allegiant people look
at this photo and see nothing wrong with
it why is your whole family on that one
white family
I have an announcement I have to get
some bread from like a mile away so I'm
inviting all of you my family my closest
dearest people in my life to jump on the
motorcycle with me and increase the
chances of death I don't understand the
logic and the boys have the youngest
baby at the front yeah let's just scare
the shit out of this baby and go on a
motorcycle ride with 29 other pakis in
the back corner your life
tuition people they don't believe in two
things now the first one is reality like
we've all seen Bollywood movies I'm not
even high I saw this one film like about
six seven days ago this man head-butted
a brick wall how strong can you forehead
be do you do push-ups on your forehead
fam it's not even that he didn't say out
or anything afterwards I won't want
everyone I'm cool I'm leaving bleeding
it's only brick I'm not making this up
this bad guy he's got machine gun and he
starts shooting at the hero you know
what then you did
from your mom spider-man he phoned a few
as well and the second thing they don't
believe in restrictions hi dad look at
our five CEO and think no no no I think
16 people can fit 18 if you come to the
driver and the guy sitting on his lap
and that mentality from the old law has
actually passed down to the younger
generation look at his cousin yeah but
you know Gujarati girls a bit hairy bro
Wow they are man oh you little rascal
job drop your ass I don't even know yet
mark I go to Bob okay what we do yet and
who's gonna smile okay well what we'll
do yet someone will fool I'm one of our
boys and then we'll get everyone
together and jump step right now hold
hold on a we'll go one car that's
actually true though Asian route I've
got this map this to other people coming
yeah
not back to you my delusion people put
that plastic shit on that remote control
what are you protecting from chlamydia
he's my best friend is my father he is
my solicitor
he is my wife I guess it's a lot of
times people say why I'm kissing you
remote control I see you shut up of
Asian people put plastic on every tank
sofas the headboards on your bed when
they buy a new phone they will leave the
plastic on it you ever been to the mines
these aren't guys they don't take the
plastic crap okay the car seats on it
rough you're number places that's a 1997
model you're not fooling anyone that is
not new but Asian people who poke a
stick or anything from even my dad every
day before school was like thumbs up
come here number tree have you ever been
to an Asian wedding and you see these
unfortunate looking cookies from the
bright side and they don't get together
like Ojeda and then they steal from
steal the room slippers and then they
turn around and say you can have back if
you give us money give us money what
kind of cheap top floor counselor Street
rats all you got in your life tell me
what are you gonna do with that one
slipper listen you doll face looking
women if you don't need money that bad
then here's a tip the Job Center number
four have you ever gone on holiday with
your Asian family and it's the last day
in the hotel and you look at your mom
and she's gonna definitely without a
doubt been doing this
and Asian ones will always bust that
same line what he paid for it from how
embarrassing is it when my friends come
over and when they drain their hands in
the bathroom or they see on that
powerless premiere in if my family is
that poor then here's a tip for us the
Jobcentre number four hi speaking about
cheap dysfunctional parents have you
noticed that Asian parents will always
do this six have you ever seen Asian men
in response they will always do this
thank you no please for me today's oh no
no no okay don't don't do this I'll take
my bonus money power hello you second
assist me mr. d
Just My Luck rap a you know drug dealers
why you know what so much money
Oh make sense number seven and he's ever
won back to your home country and think
why the hell do they slap shit on the
side of the houses and those shape it
all up let Captain America shield number
eight agents being superstitious about a
shoe hoping the wrong side
shoes falling down oh no rugby overreact
oh god ah a couple of
happen if the shoe is worth up
lady damn it what happened look at
Melbourne I miss
and number 10 you know when you're at a
wedding and the bride and groom is
leaving and when all the aunties gather
around and they start crying Wow and the
men just like your day I thought this
was a wedding but I bet you this every
single agent woman right now watching
this who who's being married will relate
to this you know when you see those on
teasing you and crying and ripping you
up and acting like it's the end of the
world and you're thinking I've never
seen this auntie before in my life
why is she hugging me who is this woman
I think I met her once when I was seven
briefly from your life but anywho look
fun subscribe to this channel make sure
you like the video give it a thumbs up
y'all like my facebook fanpage follow me
on twitter I'll be thank you so much for
all those those those freaks that
followed me on Instagram I have reached
50,000 and I'm so grateful and make sure
you keep following me you know I just
want to leave you with this last week I
was very ill had to go hospital and I'm
not gonna lie it was a very scary
experience I actually thought I was
gonna die and it's crazy because we will
think that that we're just gonna get old
and then die but you know were like that
I don't like to thank everyone who sent
their lovely messages that honestly your
support and your love means the world
and I was going to announce some amazing
news today that I'm going to be touring
all over the UK but unfortunately I've
been advised by my doctors and my team
not to do this so I have to postpone and
wait but inshallah when I get back
trust me that is going to be the top of
my list I want everyone to sit down and
think and an intellectual sense we will
know that life is sure but how many of
us actually live our day-to-day lies
like we're really going to die one day
many of us live lives filled with tedium
responsibilities
unpleasant chores we spend so much of
our mental energy just getting through
each day that it's easy to forget that
our time on earth is not permanent that
each moment we fritter away is a moment
you will never get back what would you
do differently if you could really
appreciate the immense of death do you
need to have a near-death experience to
truly feel the fragility of life so
remember we don't know if our life is
long or if our life is going to be sure
but what I'm trying to say is don't
spend your life worrying about the
little things please share and enjoy
what you have today not what you might
get tomorrow in China
see how people say why I'm guessing
reward control I see you Sheriff
you
