get straight to the point yeah that's
the way I had to give a shout to all the
Asian magnums who spent all day student
loan renting our support scorn heed and
what they did was drive up in loud winds
low road great idea and you know
probably did more u-turns then Henry the
eighth's love light and a shout to all
the aunties out there obviously Chandra
up getting your Mende done on Green
Street on your masculine page
bricklaying and remember even though the
Mende look nice it's true don't change
your fact that go find ugly the Mende
don't hide your fatness and shout all
the Asian girls who into their local
shisha places dress like this but no I'm
gonna marry you especially when you have
war up there on your face than in your
own kitchen you look at the clown call
me your life I want you to talk about
something having to talk to your fresh
Pakistani relatives from back home like
it's especially hard when you don't even
know how to speak to do that open drop
it well as white people call it I could
study Brock even if I intend to speak
Pakistani I will sound worse than a a
Nigerian trying to try to sing a song in
Hindi T to body hey TT by light year I
haven't noticed that all these package
cooler phone insignia that landline
waiting on everybody but we like to calm
your life just because your life
consists on like sitting on a homemade
10,000 year old to find that orale see
how many flies you can kill and you
don't have power person at every hour
that's why I wish you will not draw a TV
on the floor and then like wait for
their favorite Indian drama to come on
Scott I can go I'm also the freshmen who
like kidnapped their neighbors donkey
and then make love to it
and if you look at the hula ID and it
has more numbers than that makes it
screensaver that we all used once in my
life
no it's Pakistan and you're next to your
brother or sister and you have that same
argument you always have when Pakistan
polls pick up the phone don't you pick
up the phone you lose Bill I just prefer
to the phone but you're older and every
time our dads are talking to someone
from Pakistan or India or Bangladesh
they will always have the edge cross
your 60 year old expired kebabs probably
feeling like this and when iPads are
speaking to our relatives from back home
they would always be shouting why are
you showing fun back in 1981 fair enough
the connection was kind of bad but it's
2014 they fix the collection kind of oh
oh my god speak so loud they don't need
the phone
and when I mom stroke on the phone but
after talking for hours that's why you
always see so many homeless Asian people
nowadays why because of your wife's
international calls to Pakistan you have
to pay off the bill so you have to let
so your house in your car and one of
your little kids like the least favorite
one every time you see your mom and dad
talking to someone in Pakistan we will
always whisper the same line and then my
parents would say oh yeah oh yeah
daizy's whispering or something I don't
know what he's doing what did you say
what did you say here let's reduce
victim ego and the phone conversations
are so awkward is that Kanye West and
Ray J talking about ten things they like
about each other
you always have that one army that only
wants to talk about your love life
you're gonna murder your thumbs up and
you just chat crap like just to give
them something to gossip about God
inshallah gory Kasab she's out of this
woman goofy mother and then you'll
always have that one on who that has to
speak English you have no idea what the
hell is saying your family is okay as
people lesser you are want is this
reported sir people now and anything you
can speak like fluid genius because he
left once or episode of friends this'll
make Anita English people if you wanna
guess these people up and make them
think that you know what they're saying
you just need to participate in the
conversation with one lay out
yes that one letter than us fresh
coconut food use when we don't know shit
G to team ham G piccata Collier G Co
America's acaba G and obviously like you
try to prolong the conversation as long
as possible so basically I just asked
how everyone's doing in Pakistan
individually in Ronda kilo charlie is 1
kilo charlie Abdullah turkey hot Allah
Sophia turkey hunter ah sin Doki hold
your hair until you run out names and
then I'm done that's a conversation that
was the best I can do that take my
problem for an example his all do is
lack be on shit even Elton John knows
more than him so what my brother does
like I'm clean so many will do this but
what we do is be like you speak to them
in English like they're a retard that
would slow it down and we will speak
like a freshie
so we'll become a fleshie no I watch
your TV chatter this how are you
everybody is OK
I appreciate would always say free
typical lines that we go here number 102
see this photo put do now of course I
haven't forgot about you look you know
always in my nightmares singer Freddie
groove alive why are you fucking the
nightmares yeah King wanted to see what
were they don't wanna is true I don't
have to see you like that
I'm sure to get the on it to see
Pakistan soon inshallah and we hold on
this I can hear my Uncle Harry but I'm
just like can't hear them she's had to
put it off must be the connection
next time I'll shout and such change so
anyone to talk to him at all you know
that'll be a long but now it's peak off
for us because fresh he is in Pakistan
now know how to use Skype we did that
movie stir well basically you know when
you write a message saying hi and then
you copy and paste it and send it to
every single go on just around how are
we all doing good right it's life become
are you doing bro trying to cut my paper
that's a Buddha hair bro what the DeRose
we gonna do with the rims in London and
I'll try sign me man anorexic waist man
I'm not gonna pick up I'd rather leave
some prick slow cooling cooling we go on
Rita I've discovered a new application
called the Facebook have you heard of
this I never had it made must be near
don't lie to me don't don't better
don't lie to me okay I poked you several
occasions when will you walk me back
your uncle wants you to know and how
that know that I'll follow your
sweetheart all right
nobody's use just to tell anymore how do
you know I know you know this I know
this
oh my not this but look I didn't even
use social networks anymore how am I
supposed to use social networks if I
don't even own up phone or iPad what are
you losing right now and okay fair point
and besides I have noticed here you have
a message about girls on the Instagram
nice little media feeling and lives
always oh yeah
big news lies Yuri oh you're Exeter can
message me huh my profile name
the sexy princess who what's my point
you know what my realtor is up there
funny but I will be in love with them
and I think maybe I don't make enough
exit maybe sometimes we need to go back
home
not to forget our culture our tradition
our roots I mean look at me I'm just
like man we span
you won't even poke Pakistani trying to
be black and at the same time I'm Jenna
girl like you I'm lost but sometimes we
need to look in the mirror and say I'm
Pakistani and I'm proud I'm Bangladeshi
and I'm proud sure I mean no crime
African I don't try me
resolution I'm proud I'm Harold and I'm
proud because if you don't know where
you're coming from then you don't know
where you go in basically I want to
leave you with this people without the
knowledge of their past their history
their culture and the origin is like a
tree without roots so don't ever be
ashamed of who you are what I'm saying
is accept it embrace it and be proud
no I've got 58 million views on my
channel thank you so much thanks this
video now or surely I will shoot you up
follow me on twitter follow me on
instagram make sure you like my facebook
fanpage movie for me don't forget to
subscribe and press the red button 5
your family is ok is people in so you
are wanted speed boarded serve people or
now
