let me speak to the point here stop stop
la no China a few nicer places then
stopped school bus stop 14 back this
their name they have Sainsbury's so
Sainsbury's anything was the same to me
actually I guess the shock but anyway I
am here see it's quite special today so
basically they're going to be a lot of
talented young individuals who are going
to be pitching their ideas and I'll be
on the panel and I'll see which one is
the best idea
Sammy gnocchi are here with me as well
unfortunately so it's gonna be a bitch
for the BMJ alrighty then anyway guys so
basically we are here in Stockholm we're
gonna check out the venue is where we're
gonna check it and see why should be a
good one this is very touching why do
you take the seat let's see what it
looks like
I'm sweating anyway like I just need to
make sure I saw this on my best behavior
professional people out there but now we
will go out see what Stockport is is
about I'm saying Pilates you're on it
then lies I think it's the type of her
gymnastics are you guessing no yogi see
my blog brother
it's all about mobile money what do you
mean type of yoga it's good below let's
find out now
right now tinky winky dipsy laa-laa
I am here in stock for obviously with NC
yesterday with a lot of special quality
people it should be a great day
would have been a good one it's in the
bag
please in their five second rule nah bro
I'm only rap in London
I represent London so I call on you back
in London hundred Sigma Americans I can
do America well how's the mangos
you
baby-talking all right and go through it
I'm just an amazing ideas and great
causes
yes it's really inspiring actually
suddenly the other people I really
trying to make a difference and try to
help others and I think it's just great
that you know we have a lot of young
people are so selfless and are willing
to kind of go out of the way too so yeah
it's really inspiring between the
inspiring that you're going out a new
way to help others I think that's very
selfless and that's very thank you
thank you
so obviously man's back I would just
like to say he is so inspiring to see so
many young young people putting
themselves out there and meeting new
people and collectively working together
to support a cause that they're
passionate about I think that was really
inspiring and I honestly to all the
young people that I met I congratulate
you because what you've shown me is that
you know what there's genuinely good
people out there that want to do good
things and it was great you need to
throw yourself in the deep end sometimes
and with MCS
you can meet so many different types of
people from different backgrounds and
cultures and people that you may never
have met before and together as a team
you guys will build confidence build
skills and do some things that you've
never done before I'm talking about
canoeing or rock climbing or or camping
or whatever it is all these exciting
adventures that are out there for you
you just need to sign up the link is
down in the description below and it's
only one week guys I suggest that you
should sign up because honestly from
what I've seen it has really changed a
lot of lives and I think that can change
those to have fun with it and see you
soon
