let me get straight to the problem wanna
be honest with you
I even have no energy to finish off that
line film but I decided to say you know
what 1 & 2 all the Muslims out there
Ramadan Mubarak man I hope this Ramadan
is easy even though it's not gonna be
easy it's gonna be bare hard light Papa
hard I do it so just give up we'll be
fine I hope the foster easy I hope you
get to spend valuable time with your
family and I wish you luck on this
spiritual journey that will hopefully
inshallah bring us all closer to God now
being for a lot lately I'm gonna land
you know funny this you know want to sit
back reflect recharging you know rebuild
I know obviously it being Ramadan I'm
not gonna release any videos so let's
just you know get on the throttle hype
eat maple caught it and just look at the
clock man and that's all I look at just
the clock nah man I forget how my
parents look like cuz I never look at
them I'm looking at the clock cuz I'm
like WinZip thorry let me see the croc
only no good luck I hope you enjoy it I
don't know how hungry right now and it's
no fun in that honestly make the most of
it I know I will and you know what we're
all thinking to do so I said it died
I might work on a project I haven't made
my mind up yet but basically it will be
a big announcement on eve of a new show
and hopefully i need to get back on
youtube properly man cuz i still feel
like i'm not back yet don't ya
we just gotta see what happens on eat
make sure you subscribe enjoy your
Ramadan remember even though we're
starving our body
let's inshallah feed our souls brap brap
brap yeah boy so hungry no this times me
you just saw how will you just do this
yeah I don't make sense well I'm just
hungry
