let me get straight to that point yeah
oh I'm angry mind now even women don't
have lives in it and then they have to
watch like Indian dramas to make their
life like a little bit nice even though
that's done because Indian drum is a
crap we have no choice but to watch it
with them and only yesterday I realized
I was sucked in and I knew that I was
sucked in when I turn around and find
myself saying / do things for to help
the origin dammit it's part of my life
now but anyway this is a quick but a
very very big announcement now you know
for the last three months I'd be making
a video every Sunday not going to think
of it I've already made more videos in
in the last three months then I have in
the last two years
now that means I'm working extremely
hard now or I was lazy back then so I
don't even know that I want to say thank
you so much for everyone that subscribed
man he's very nice bro and if you
haven't subscribed then I don't even
know what's the point of your life you
need to go and do with you and then come
back and then subscribe to my channel
and then do do to not fall in it for
forgiveness - pretty evil boys and their
people have been following your Twitter
that's why I did a Q&A and I've never
done a Q&A before cuz I just been
getting very loves my name is the point
of the matter is I want to simplify
because I think I was just getting a bit
too complicated the first week it's the
first week like bubblegum and the second
week is you should take me 29 minutes to
explain to one fan what I'm doing now so
I'm gonna make it easy right now I'm
only gonna concentrate on two shows
that's bubblegum and black and brown
basically the first Sunday of every
month I am gonna have bubblegum then two
weeks later black and brown then next
month it's the same thing the first
Sundays and two weeks later it's black
you're Brown so basically every two
weeks you are getting a video and I
think I can manage that
and I hope you look can manage that -
well don't you twisted I'll finish by 9
blocks but for now I just want to
concentrate on these two shows
now now I won't do that I realized just
now that should not do stuff like that
obviously technically bubblegum should
be coming up today but it's gonna come
out next week and then two weeks later
you will be black and brown and then
next month it will be exactly what I
said first Sunday's bubblegum two weeks
later black and brown basically I needed
to record this message to let everyone
know what the new timetable yeah me
worrying about sunbaenim watching
