I am excited I'm excited to share the
world with all of you I have spent the
last four days watching the news what
what an anti-malarial color thing to do
and I've been watching and bookmarking
and tabbing up so many articles on this
brexit thing and I've been looking at
the stats and remembering my critical
thinking a level and remembering that
there are two ways to see each stat and
thinking actually what is the most
amazing I'm thinking do you know what's
great about these age stats about which
a groups voted which way is that I agree
with most of my generation I agree with
the people I'm gonna share the world
with very soon and I just wanted to say
I am so excited to share this country
with you I'm so excited to share
Parliament with you like reading the
comments in the video that I made about
our feelings of Britishness a few days
ago and which I'll link below and
reading the comments there made me think
actually maybe it wouldn't be a City to
be a politician in 2025 maybe it
wouldn't be maybe it'd be great
because maybe my peers would be with me
and I know there are lots of people who
are going around being like okay it's
happened can we stop talking about it or
like petitions won't work and second
reference when twerk and that's fine
maybe they won't work but I'm what will
be happening is the future and the
future hasn't happened yet that hasn't
been a referendum and what our
generation will make this country that
hasn't been decided that it's still up
in the air and reading your comments and
your thoughts and your thought pieces
and your videos and your tweets about
how you want this country to look has
made me really excited
be in Britain in 30 years I'm quite
scared to be in return for the next five
years maybe ten but I am a hundred
percent ecstatic to be part of this
generation that learns so fast that
picks up on things so fast that is so
ready to give their own opinion on
things they're so ready to make content
on the internet and put it up rather
than just going to the pub and talking
to their friends about what they think
about it
they're so ready to tell the world what
they think that's they're ready to
forgive people when they say something
that's problematic they're so ready to
educate people
they're so ready to use this internet
not to look introspectively but to
Google things and really learn and get
into the grit of it and they're so fast
so we're so fast to change their
opinions on things which is kind of good
and kind of bad but when it comes to
being more expansive in the way you
think about things and hopping around
the time you're not just going to these
country clubs all these workingman clubs
or these post offices all these pubs and
just talking into an echo chamber the
echo chamber has absolutely like
exploded the echo chamber has blown up
and while we definitely still live in
one and it's so much bigger than it was
before
and we are the generation that has more
international friends than any other
generation has had we have more access
to international friends than any other
generation has had however hopeless you
feel right now just think about every
tweet or every article or everything
that you make or share about how you
feel about how you want the UK to look
in 20 years is making a difference
because it's we're making a difference
to each other we're making a difference
into how much we are thinking on the
same page and becoming a hive mind and
you're making a difference to other
people's excitement about being here
forever because we kind of unless you've
got your passport we're kind of gonna be
here for a while so you might want to
settle in um
so yeah I just wanted to say that no
fancy ant no
fancy all true no fancy intro just a
frog smoker proximal gal
we are British we do what we like we
mind when we mind we strike where we
strike we are British three lions on the
shirt heart in the clouds and hands in
the dirt
