we are British we do what we like we
mind when we mind we strike where we
strike we are British three lions on the
shirt heart in the clouds and hands in
the dirt
we are British locally-grown your home
is our home
but our home is our own we are British
we look out for our brother sisters are
trickier but don't diss our mothers we
are British we lead the pack unless we
trip over then you'll pick up the flag
we are British the original ones here we
only keep you around for your cars and
your beer we are British Normans
straight out of Eden Saxon and Roman and
the little bit Middle Eastern we'll bomb
and we'll steal to keep peace on home
soil will conveniently forget we still
owe you some oil
remember the Empire now we don't either
if you thought Iraq was bad well that's
just a teaser if you can't get by on
your own you're probably weak in the
joints we've traded your rights for
Waitrose points off you look like you've
been out in the Sun probably pissed away
your riches and bought a gun here in
Britain we like to stay in the shade
once a century we drop our umbrellas and
start a brutal crusade your religion is
violent your religion is vile
sorry Spanish Inquisition we must be
senile let's take back control we
haven't had it already go back to that
totally unfit tional time when the
economy was steady I gave you a chance
but you're letting all the poor ones in
either you're incredibly generous or
incredibly dim when it comes to leaders
of Europe I'm Frasier to start up to the
job we'll lock ourselves up with our own
key fob it's nothing personal it's not
like you smell it's just well when it
comes to peace we get on alone quite
well we are British we sack who we sack
we'll see you in 10 years when we beg to
come back
