hello and welcome back to just kiss my
frog today in the selfish vain that I
make most of my content I'm making a
video that I wish had been around so I
could have watched it and so when the
whole time-travel thing happens I'm
gonna really enjoy this video I'm so
excited to watch it today I'm going to
be talking about the top 5 reasons you
should delete people from Facebook now I
have the opposite of resting bitchface
I have resting nice face I try and be as
nice to as many people as possible in
the world as I can but very recently and
I'm talking about in the last three
months I've come to terms with the fact
that being a nice person isn't just a
choice where it's like I will be nice to
everybody okay easy done being nice is a
skill and it's a strategy based skill
and as like a human with only like a
certain capacity for like life you have
to work out the best ways to be nice to
the most amount of people that you can
in the deepest way that you can and
sometimes that involves deleting people
from Facebook I know number one you are
not invincible and boundaries as
somebody who's like a 20-something I
think there's lots of people that want
to encourage you and tell you that you
can do anything and that is like really
empowering but also sometimes results in
people having quirky voices and doing
everything and working 24/7 because they
have this idea that they can do anything
but that often Tamiya sounds like you
can do everything which are completely
different things
I've been spending this year trying to
not be so skeptical about the term
self-care if you're trying to be a more
awesome person and a kind person that
often results if you're doing it well
that people want to be around you people
want to include you in things and that
is like amazing and like I will never
stop being grateful for that happening
but moving to London and meeting even
more people to have in my life and I
already had men that I very fast
realized that I couldn't be everywhere
and I had to make some choices
there's old choice things making you a
character and know your own person damn
it so my first point is about boundaries
it's about choosing where you won't be
so you can choose where you will be and
Facebook is one of those places that you
don't have to turn up to
the only places that I would ever say
you need to turn up to or beat in will
be present in other places that you've
already said you're going to be and you
they're physical places so if I say I'm
gonna go for coffee with my friends
honor I will try and turn up she'll tell
you I will try I do always turn up
eventually I'm very late present there
are lots of physical spaces that you
promise to other people that you will be
in and then promising to people that you
also be in these like cyber spaces is
like a lot of appointments to turn out
to in a lot of places to go every day
and sometimes you have to see Facebook
and places like it as physical places
that you have to visit and you have to
schedule in time for that and you have
to you know make sure you're going to be
there if people expect you to be or
manage people's expectations when you're
not number two balance of the private
and the public especially if you're
somebody like me who has a more public
online presence you know on a lot of
other platforms like Instagram and
Twitter I'm very like anyone can follow
me on those and sometimes I share quite
personal things so they are public
spaces that I am inhabiting because I
enjoy it and because it's part of my
like role as a content creator and it's
part of like my future my you know my
profession in some ways but it means
that there's this one space and usually
people use Facebook for that that can be
a little bit more private even if I'm on
my own and I'm traveling from place to
place or I'm sitting in a car coffee
shop on my own I'm generally living most
of my life in public and having that
space online where I can interact with
people that I really care about is
important to me and it's a place that I
like to keep a little bit more private
it's a place now I feel like I can share
more controversial articles or say more
experimental things because people know
me in real life and know the context of
where I'm coming from and especially
because I know people from different
walks of life on Facebook that aren't
from the liberal side of Twitter and
Instagram I can share things that I
think will be more appropriate for them
and they're people that I care about and
want to talk about the things that I now
believe number three is the illusion of
networking now networking is something
that has been like basically programmed
into me it's something that I think is
really part of my personality I try and
do as much genuine networking as I can
and I really like helping people up
especially if I've got to a certain
level I think it's my duty to look
behind me and throw people a row
however networking is a skill and when
it's the skill it means it's something
you have to spend time on it's something
you cultivate and it's something you
have to keep doing like the people that
I would consider people I can call
favors on or people who I would love to
collaborate with in the future are
people that I am you know currently
checking in with always like you know
going for a coffee with them sending
them an email shooting them an article I
thought they liked they might like like
being a value to them without really an
end goal but as a result I know at some
point in the future I could maybe call
on those people and say hey I've got
this project going do you want to work
with me or do you want to do this thing
or do you want to help me out in this
way or do you have any advice and that
means adding value to their life so when
they come at you you can ask for value
back Facebook sometimes I find creates
this space where people feel like
they're networking solely by keeping you
around on their friends list if you're
doing something really cool it's great
that people want to hear about it or be
involved in it in some way or help you
out and that's really great but Facebook
for me also became a place where people
didn't show any signs of checking in or
caring or networking or you know keeping
that connection with me but then maybe
like eight years later would be like hey
can you give me ten pounds towards my
sponsored run could you give my friend
of a friend of a friend an internship
could you spend three hours reading my
CV and giving me professional feedback
on it could you drop everything and come
to this thing and do a shoot for no
money at the weekend please and while a
lot of those people I think cool people
individually and I'm really happy that
they exist and while there's nothing
wrong with their requests I just found
that there was a very high volume of
them and I can solve all the demands so
really whittling down who I had on
Facebook and who had access to me in
that really easy a very personal way
meant that I could really prioritize
those people who I really did care about
helping and had really checked in with
me and I knew cared about me as a person
as well as wanting something from me
keeping a resource Bank of people with
great ideas and great energy is really
really cool but not Facebook isn't
always the place to do that like keep an
email spreadsheet of people that you
like or people
Twitter or people shouldn't need to feel
like they have you on Facebook to feel
like they are connected to you and if
that's the only place they can feel
connected to you it's very it's very
possible that it's a false connection
and it's not really them investing in
keeping this big network of people they
think they have done sell mean I don't
want it to be mean I just think that
like the idea of a favor is between
friends you know I always do you know
mates mates rates like the key word
there is mates favor is something that
you can't give to everybody otherwise it
wouldn't be a favor I'll give you some
links below but there's lots of people
and I don't know where this theory
originated from but I totally agree with
it that say that your our minds vote you
know society is progressed so fast our
minds are any capable of like
entertaining the idea of so many other
people and it's this village theory of
like how can we even comprehend as many
people in our lives and it's it's really
hard especially I've had lots of like
issues with nerves and stress this year
that I have never ever had to deal with
before and getting to know myself and my
boundaries have been a lot to do with
not feeling guilty for not being able to
comprehend comprehend more than 150
people obviously there is a side of me
that's really liked gossip column really
curious to see you know the person that
I fancied in year 7 what's their baby
like I wonder who that guy that haven't
talked to in 10 years I wonder how his
photography career is going that's all
very interesting but also it creates a
lot of noise in my head about what I'm
missing out on or who I haven't kept in
contact with when I've kept in contact
with some really amazing friends that I
love and I shouldn't uhm devalue what
I've done with them by thinking oh but I
could have been friends with these
people didn't have been better I don't
know it's also just really really
disorientating to have all these
narratives and like constant feedback of
what's happening in people's lives just
flying past you in this way that you
know they're really meaningful things
that people put on Facebook like their
babies and their marriages and like
their struggles and it's actually really
stressful to have all of those fly by
you without having any context for them
and it just feels like weirdly intrusive
like if people want to help me on
facebook and they want to show me all
this stuff when I haven't really earned
seeing a picture of their baby because I
haven't talked to them in eight years
and like they're really intimate moments
that I don't feel like I've earned so
when I see them it just
we really like emotionally confused
maybe I'm just over sensitive but it
does it does like kind of upset me
because I'm like why am I seeing this
it's so weird I feel like I'm looking in
your window also I used to be really
bitch about Facebook because I was like
I just keep seeing people getting
married and seeing people having babies
and like buying cars and it's so weird
because I'm not doing all that
now I've deleted about four-fifths of
the people I used to have on Facebook it
means that when I go on Facebook I only
see babies that I really care about and
I might meet in the future or like I'm
just like feel emotionally connected to
or only see weddings that I've been at
or maybe couldn't attend but like really
wish them well and know a lot about
their relationship and I only see cars
that my friends might one day pick me up
on because I can't drive yet I
Facebook's not for that like being more
part of the life you already have like I
don't know what it's for and lastly
quality not quantity deep as well as
wide I didn't know how to make the title
of this last point less wonky but that's
how I feel I feel like as I get older
I'm 26 now really 27th year big alive um
and you know because I'm not I'm living
in London I'm floating around and I'm
doing I don't have a relationship I
don't know
I need those like deeper connections I
need those and people who will really
consistently be there for me in my life
that I can consistently see and share
stuff with and because I share so much
of my like experiences online already
it's such a relief to not know people
those public updates of like how I'm
doing how I'm feeling who I'm with where
I'm going like it's so nice to feel like
my life is now a little bit mystical
maybe to some people it's just in me and
I get to share the bits that I want to
and I don't feel like I have to have
this public like crossover between
Facebook and LinkedIn where it's like
where I am now yearbook all the time
because this he knew me you'd know me
you'd already have my number it's I
realized as you get older and you
realize that you're probably not moving
back to your parents house now you know
you need not you're just here this is
just your life you like have to make
conscious moves to make time for those
people that on your deathbed you'll
regret not making time for because you
think they're absolutely awesome and
great
I had like maybe like
1,200 friends on Facebook or something
and now I have about 300 and I'm not
saying that's the whole reason but it's
definitely been great for me one to take
some time off from using Facebook
entirely but when I come back like
really like see he's in that space now
and like could feel like I'm in control
of that in some way I'd also like to
reiterate I really try and help as many
people as possible and but again
there'll be especially if you're a
youtuber too there will be a lot of
people in your life who aren't involved
in YouTube you don't realize how many
emails you get through from strangers
that you want to apply to you because
they're about their PCOS or their abuse
story or they're like worries about
their careers or what university they
should go to and they're people that are
vulnerable and want to apply from you
and you think that's important and
that's a decision that you've made so
when people go all you never apply to me
on Facebook I'm like that's because
you're asking me how my day was and I
have lots of emails in my actual inbox
from people who really want this
concrete advice that might really help
them in a really pivotal part of their
like development so I don't have time to
tell you what I did today I'm sorry
anyway if you watched my video a while
ago good finally giving a you'll
realize that I'm going for this thing of
like I get to choose where I spend my
time and that is such a weird thing
because I wasn't trained to do that
because school environments train you to
like they manage your time for you and
they tell you where you have to be away
you have to turn up so I think I went
into adulthood feeling that though they
were always places I had to turn up to
you that I just didn't and now I have a
lot more time for this stuff I love and
I feel like I'm a lot more myself
because I every time you say no to
something saying yes to something else
even if the yes is staying in and
writing your random novel or just
drinking more gin with yourself and
listening to podcasts or seeing that
friend that you really love for the
third time this week because you just
have so much to say to each other and
they're great things to say yes to and
you shouldn't feel about it basically
let me know below what your weird
relationship with Facebook then we have
a normal relationship with Facebook I
don't think anybody I've never met
anybody's got a normal relationship with
Facebook thanks for watching like this
video so I know that you like these kind
of things thumbs it down if you hated
this video so I know not to make any
more of them ever
and do share if you liked it and we'll
see each other again soon I can just
feel I just feel it I feel it here
you
