welcome back to stupid questions with
Lina this is the show where I ask stupid
questions but today it was a twist
because I'm asking super questions about
myself and I've also put my friends
along hey Sophie remember a few weeks
ago we chatted about Islam and being a
Muslim and a woman and that was really
really cool and what I didn't mention in
that video is that I also have an
experience of religion and I thought
it'd be really cool to bring along two
of my friends who also have similar but
very different experiences to religion
to kind of talk about the surface issues
around how we experience growing up
religious and then explaining those
people now that we're all grown up so
obviously we only represent we already
represent why people don't even
represent white people we just literally
represent ourselves yeah and but we are
talking about I'd say like fairly middle
class kind of experiences of specific
kinds of Christianity just making you
aware of that
so we'll go round in a circle how's that
so basically my name's leader I grew up
my parents are both Christians I grew up
in me and URC Church and then I went to
an Anglican Church which is Church of
England and I'm at church England school
and then I started becoming very
evangelical and I became a youth worker
for a riot a while and I went to Soul
Survivor and spring harvest quite a lot
and then I went to university and now I
would say I am an atheist / agnostic the
end unli see um I grabbed Quaker and a
generic Christian kind of influences but
very very much Quaker rattle of youth
events for the Quakers Quakerism is a
really liberal denomination of
Christianity oh and now I consider
myself Quaker but I'm not an active
attender of meeting so I'm not sure but
you will identify as a Quaker
yeah identifies a Quaker and I term an
agnostic Quaker cool okay ah I was doing
so I grew up as a Christian Delphian
which is a kind of small bit of
mainstream Christianity it's quite a
Bible focused community and it tends to
be quite insular and I was baptized when
I was 18 as a crystal
and I'm stayed identifying as Chris
Elkins through most of University and
then now I would say that I am oh the a
word family word oh ha no I don't
probably agnostic in the sense that I'm
just really cool with not knowing yeah I
thought that I might have really made
peace with just not knowing all the
answers
unfeeling like how can we possibly know
what's gonna happen I feel and I'm
really nice with that I think as well
it's like a whole like school of thought
you have to own where it's like I just
make decisions about each issue
separately and then it's like how you
can't summarize that with a word
sometimes yeah and I wanted to make this
video because obviously Britain is
historically quite a pagan and then a
Christian country and I think a lot
especially and we were talking my living
in London and living a very liberal
circles and I think there's a lot of
people who are like religion is not a
thing anymore is it
and then like it is make the religious
side of it and be like kind of see it as
really really backwards yeah comment on
that person I go this like Ned Flanders
education where I was like have you
learned about Christianity through Ned
Flanders yeah because that's kind of
quite bigoted and like embarrassing um
so yeah and I think also because we're
on different phrases our lives were
meeting lots of new people explaining
backwards yeah your upbringing and why
has been good for you and also bad for
you it's like really complicated and
something that we don't really make a
lot of room for and why it's like when
people that you can criticize your
family but someone else does you're like
oh that's a bit yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
use that word towards them yeah my
commission we're saying yeah because I
have lots of problems with religion and
yet when people who have never been rich
is like oh yeah Christians and you're
like how long yeah yeah it's just
complicated and I really find that I'll
just mention in passing that I grew up
religious all the little things like my
voted for the first time last year
because Chris Dawkins on the whole don't
vote and it was a massive deal for me
yeah
living in like you know democratic
process and I just tweeted my blowed
people being like of course Twitter's
like the wrong place to get into it but
there's this whole bit of you that yeah
I think really hard to explain if you
have such preconceptions yeah it's
almost like identifying again finised
but I feel like it's almost like atheist
privilege where it's like I grew up an
atheist therefore everybody else did and
it's like you see like there's an
invisible layer of culture that's under
a lot of people's lives in Britain that
we just don't talk about and because
it's like you think I think there is
like yes there's lots of people don't
believe in God I don't really believe in
God at the moment and but that there's a
view that that is automatically the most
sensible way that you could have been
here and if it wasn't like that
there's something weird about your life
I kind of get how it's confusing as well
because I feel like I have a massive
contradiction in myself in terms of kind
of feeling like or I feel oh this is a
big statement but kind of feeling like
God is a way that people use to explain
the world when we didn't know a lot
about the world yeah
and so kind of one side my brain is a
bit like it's like this fantasy story
but then on this other side of my brain
I know all these people who believe in
it in a very rational sensible yeah I
think I think it's like for me some of
my things at the same time remember some
of the most stupid questions I get last
about my upbringing are based on the
idea that Christians just haven't
thought about it enough and that's all
you dangerous way to be like you can't
go up to like somebody who follows
Buddhism or Islam or Christianity and go
I just don't you thought about it's hard
enough mate because that is like one of
the most disrespectful ways to come at
it and while I don't agree with
everything it's also just really hard
for when people are like have you
thought about this and I'm like well yes
actually I have been thinking about it
for about 20 years I go to whole summer
camps just the thing about that yeah
sure
you're like there are whole books where
invite people who believe in God and a
regimen I think that's one of my things
it's like you just haven't thought about
it's like all we think about it in a
really different way I don't know what
of the most stupid Lessig is like that
can I opt out with mrs. G for this
question yeah yes the stupidest question
I get asked on like anytime you
mentioned Quakers is that anything to do
with the oats like always always and it
it kind of is not really like Quakers
way that story all right
Quaker yes but people didn't like
greatness because they went to active
England so this is unlike this 1600s hmm
and so the Quakers had to stop
businesses so because they were very
trustworthy we don't have to swear on
the Bible because we're just trusted oh
I don't really cool so we started banks
and we started businesses basically and
we started Cadbury Roundtree
like Terry's um and so because Quakers
were so reputable Quaker Oats was like
less known than Quakers and people will
buy them so that's my question answered
for you everything man understand random
look white doesn't know hamish mine is
all your parents homophobic I really yes
that's such a big jump I know but is
actually quite a small jump if you look
at the representation of religion and TV
on TV like that's a very small job
that's usually where like religion comes
into conflict with the rest of the world
is through um like sexuality and it's
accept yeah which there are a lot of mmm
there are churches who are homophobic
mmm oh yeah so it's hard because it's
like are you asking me if I'm homophobic
yeah because you've just asked me that
and I'll be like no yeah are you asking
if my ruin my upbringing was homophobic
yeah it was a bit and to be honest but
then that's you know it's a bigger is
weird when they go through your parents
and they're just like because they're
the people that I love and they're my
family and they're not homophobic and
it's a weird way to ask me personally
about it
it's the under the assumption that they
will be it's a loaded engine isn't it I
don't know and you don't know my parents
could be gay yeah true yeah what's your
stupid I think probably the stupid
questions I get relate to the fact that
I got married when I was very young
yeah
and it's assumed that that was like
entirely to do with being religious not
to do with actually being in love with
someone and very much wanting it to
marry them yeah and just a lot of
questions and assumptions about that and
also just a weird people feeling like
they can ask weird questions like like
usual enough with your husband yeah you
got mind when you're young like what a
force married yeah like what that's
really what you would you go up to other
people and be like do you love your
husband like I've such like a it's
nothing to do with you but be yes okay
why you quite ask me that that's a weird
thing and just a a lot of like child
bride jokes and like yeah feeling like
bacon after but it's also that stage
that most of their grandparents got
married yeah it is a cultural thing yeah
I have lots of friends like people
probably did get married younger hmm but
I also have lots of friends who aren't
married now who are still Christophe ins
like it's not like it's required yeah I
was doing him in cello I went out with
my husband for like years before we got
married
it was like it wasn't like oh well now
I'm 21 not actually you meet someone and
then you instantly get married even
though you don't know him very well also
because it's a stupid questions with
Lina obviously we're going to ask of
ourselves those of like weird questions
how do you guys feel about other people
asking you about your religious like you
always up for answering questions or is
it like I don't generally am it depends
I think as always have questions about
anything the manner in which yeah yeah
genuinely interests because their
interest in the subject or they're
interested just in you as a person
hmm then that's cool but yeah sometimes
just a lot of assumptions there an
assumption that you are a certain way or
that you've grown up in some sort I
think horrendous back in and especially
anyways they're delaying it lots of lots
of like oh you informed me of these
things yeah I have not been your like
you can google it yeah you can just go
home and Google to do this is a lots of
stuff we've got a website right nobody W
it's really on the same idea so
yes and I ever don't mind don't get a
lot of stupid questions because to be
perfectly honest I on the whole actually
quite consciously don't talk about
invisible because I do find it just
raises a lot of weird stuff and
sometimes just don't out to deal with it
then I'll mention it casually and people
will have such a extreme reaction to it
that I actually just find and even like
wait I feel like people are very
surprised to find out that I grew up in
a really religious environment yeah and
then it's kind of like whether you want
to listen to the rest of the story so I
guess I and I have some really good
conversations with people very rarely
actually because I think a lot of people
want want me to they want their
questions answered in a tweet they don't
want it in a paragraph or in an evening
and sometimes these things are like as a
really long question to act you know
like do you believe in God do you
believe in predestination and you know
like it's just like a dee dee did you
used to think that people were going to
hell they're all duds long answer yeah
and if you have the attention span I
don't mind you asking any question but
you give me an attention span because
it's complicated man
also this just thought like why are you
surprised that I used to religious it's
but I guess I've been perfected alive
like I'm I thought because I'm normal
now okay let me sleep over liberals I
guess yeah there used to be a question
but you're so nice yeah yeah just just
as soon as you say your Quaker but some
people they get really really like um
like that whole opinion of you changes
within like three seconds as I'm sure
you find yeah it's both of you I think
it's interesting because if you grew up
in the UK you will have had some
experience of Christianity but no
question of it they'll be some either
either it will be a negative or positive
experience or a school based experience
it's nearly always school based nearly
always forced upon atheists or like like
kids that aren't aren't in that faith
apparently it was legal it was a legal
requirement to sing hymns in school
ready today because my mum used to teach
and so yeah alright yeah we had to pray
every morning like it was like the
priests wary allegiance to the flag
every morning every morning
I do that member liturgy we didn't pry
it's cool for the for the sins that have
divided race from race class from class
by exciting though quite a passionate
yeah so a question that a lot of people
ask is like you know that's their
question of force do you feel like you
were forced to believe what you believe
or you know because I don't know I just
feel like there is like a violence to
the word force I'm like no it's just my
culture in the same way that you believe
that lots of things that happen on TV
are okay or you believe that like you
know you like you have like late like
labor voting parents so you're probably
gonna vote Labour it was kind of like
that I feel like yeah well many in
Johnson nation the products of of the
people who surrounded us when we grew up
whether that's politics or religion I
think that so in many ways it was never
tool that to a point I was going to be
crystal him for a period because that's
what all my influences were if I had
kids I would always just like them to
feel like they understood the different
options and I think perhaps I feel like
I didn't you understand all the options
hmm I think that's the crucial thing you
know inevitably you're influenced by
your parents in your school and your
friends but it's good to feel like I
think I'm the internet though like
internet hope I didn't have that one I
could have dial-up internet when I was
like yeah yeah 15 and so just had very
little access to exploring other ideas
and almost all my close friends work
believe the same thing as me for me I
think that I was never ever forced into
it at all but Christianity was always
the funner option growing up like do you
want to stay at home in your road or do
you want to come to this really cool
party every Sunday and see all of your
friends it's like well I'll do that
yeah do you want to come on church
family holiday and come to Cornwall for
two weeks with all of your friends and
like go surfing and like singing the Sun
or do you want to like stay at home it's
like I would always do the fun thing and
the fun thing till I got to university
was always Christianity really that's it
last
yeah yeah I don't know so I know so I
think that my parents showed me ways t
like ways that Christianity keys have a
really good impact on the world so when
I realized there were loads of bad ways
that
Tekin impact to the world that was like
a shock for me no no force into anything
my mum used to get really mad at me when
I was a teenager and I'd be like I don't
really want to go to church this Sunday
she'd be like she getting a bit of a hot
day she has no control yeah so it wasn't
like a like oh God is frowning upon you
kind of hot it was like this I'm your
mother do what I say huh which everybody
has I think in high school and so now
we're just going to talk about the good
things growing up as religious and the
bad things all of the stupid questions
is there are some of your assumptions
that are probably correct so I just
wanted to talk really probably quite
briefly about some of the things that
are in fact quite bad about wearing of
religious floor open yeah I mean me the
big one is is gender and feminism and
that was the key reason for me why I
left the church that I was growing up in
Christofias
of quite traditional gender roles and I
had sort of niggling uncomfortableness
about that for a long time
and it just came to a head in various
ways I felt like my belief in feminism
and my understanding of gender had
developed to a point where it was you
can render it up and self what I was
being taught at that church if they were
fundamentally contradictory I mean
obviously people lots of people are
feminists and Christians and because I
think there's the dividing up a lot of
my problems were with that specific -
yeah yeah but then I don't know I know
the Bible pretty pretty well okay so
yeah very in turn I reading the Bible
and I think that it I think it's a hot I
think it's hard to read it as feminist I
think that is a stretch I think that to
see it as feminist you have to accept
that it's a product of its time and the
universal principles can hold true but I
don't think you can read the Bible
literally and read it read it as
feminist yeah and christadelphians are
quite literal five oranges so it just
okay yes the other thing was like
probably right yeah and also my
trimester in like it's difficult you
know yeah working these things out I
think what people have to defend as well
as the lots of things in the Bible
people
don't take literally but it's hard
because there is so much in there that's
absolutely horrific yeah and it you know
there's low stuff about the slave trade
in there there's loads of stuff like
abusing women
there's loads of homophobia and but a
lot of it's done in the Old Testament so
people go over the New Testament gave us
a new covenant so we don't need to
listen to the Old Testament anymore
before you will read it you've got
people I Paul I would just remember
pooping most of the day at work yeah I
call him Joe I think we would pad what
Testament and he said that a women
should be quite in church and he needs
to eat one to be honest
so as a perfect representation of a
religion or especially Christianity
being incredibly based and tradition
Quakers argue the most progressive
denominator I'm seeing is that I've only
been to lesbian weddings like yes I'm
really really cool you don't have to
believe anything um and a lot of people
are basically agnostic that they believe
in that in your life to speak anyway
back to the point we do have structural
traditions such as business meeting for
worship where everyone has to agree to
some extent to the outcome so you can
have hours of sitting in silence about
an outcome it was a week to decide that
gay marriage was all right but in our
church before it was legal because we
had to sit and you have to speak when
you feel like a call to speak
theoretically like by the Lord and it
just means you sit around you go through
all of these like as official there's
your I mean like oh it's a non critical
and religion reflection of tradition
being just so embedded in religions
yeah it yeah in a non controversial way
I guess it's just like they really take
democracy my life seriously and then I
could judge that I really want everyone
to be happy and that's great but it's
not practical I'm going to can't reform
it without having to sit through another
fucking hear anything and reform it like
yeah I think as well so for me it was
like women and men can do ever they want
in the church like more like women can
be ministers it's fine but they can't be
bishops I think
I'm not sure anyway there was a point
where I was like no that's funny like
this is all fun and games you can't get
past this level Oh a literal glass
ceiling yeah like literally yeah yeah a
rope ceiling if you were um stained
fluff yeah and it was like Jenny when I
went to big gatherings of Christians all
together and especially youth camps and
stuff like that there was lots of
shaming around sex and that is something
that has affected me and it's a true
thing I think for a lot of people
growing up and then I think I don't know
it's just a very conservative way of
growing up as well
yes you know my parents are really
liberal in vote labor and is a very
conservative attitude to some things and
I think there are lots of people who
aren't religious that grow up with those
same as just a second same difficulties
of sex because they haven't been spoken
to about it and but yet it is kind of
regarded as um by the liberal people we
hang out with yeah a very question yeah
I know things and everything
conservatism is like entwined yeah in a
way that maybe it isn't yes and there
were certain things that were like off
limits so like Addams Family wasn't
allowed to watch that really - because
this read Harry Potter day I just I
don't know there's something about the
Addams Family this wasn't accepted if I
went like adoption by a Grove oh really
it to say the crazy people on my
relationship waiting's because I grew up
in the Northeast as well I met people
from a school within Michael Gross it's
like a yeah oh that's just like a big
deal but I don't know I don't know I
can't really watch it so I don't really
know but I assumed it was about like sex
and stuff because I feel like a
middle-aged Christianity I'm
conservatism are very wound up because
that's been my experience yeah but the
older I get the more I meet people
hmm for more different and I meet mega
conservative people who aren't really
just all yeah and religious people who
are more liberal than I am but for me
that they are quite linked yeah because
I'd yeah I was a very traditional church
I grew up in but why there is not enough
like there's a storm oh god is God yeah
dress must overcome sorry for a young
secretary
like dolly signing talking my god a
lychee nothing is when you said Paul
needed to what did you say by your name
sister girls yeah and they just started
ailing oh yeah locusts no something else
to point out although I am sorry great
Christian my knowledge of the Bible is
limited to Sunday school knowledge so
I'm really limited to driver Oh plague
of locusts like that's fun yes I have
yeah like a you only weird knowledge of
I have in-depth knowledge of something
because it's like academic knowledge
almost because you've got so much that
Christoph is a really into like
understanding the Bible and like I know
like an odd number of Hebrew and Greek
words for Lee
some people find out I'd rather lay here
I'm not like that but just like little
things and I don't know their because it
kind of means that when I because I'm so
familiar with the Bible Amanda when I
decided that I didn't agree with it
there was actually very little room for
gray area because I I was like why no
this inside out yeah yeah and and I know
that I don't I don't really well like if
you want to keep people in Christian T's
make sure that I read the Bible Larry
thorin location yeah I kind of worked
against it in the I was like I can't
decide going like study this graph and I
that's kind of why I don't group it
because yeah I I know it's like sorry
really like I don't like that I don't we
were saying like funny moments when
you've grown up religious were like one
for me is when I was sitting in a pub
and somebody has the wrong Bible quote
on their arm and like they've taken a
completely out of context I'm like
that's just not what it means
yeah like if you wanted to like have a
tattoo about love you should just got a
heart like maybe a bit complicating you
it's so funny
isn't it our religion especially
Christianity is like demonized and
romanticized yeah way it's like
tradition and like heritage yeah
sometimes like with loads of people
wearing rosaries and stuff used to make
me thrill of really uncomfortable and
Topshop used to sell rosaries and I was
really like actually if that was any
other religion that would be like really
disrespectful and while I wasn't a
Christian at that point I was still just
like I don't think this is OK I think
it's like something fundamentally weird
about I'm not with a trend I dug out my
dead grandmother's rosary and just more
in places beside dug out my dead grandma
thought she was like what you fuckin why
she was a soul Catholic that would go on
like kind of like trashy pilgrimages and
I were very very Mumbai all that let you
know how you buy cheap I hear now is she
buy like the cheap birds
I'll see you were like I wish you've
been a healthy amount of like Pope stuff
yeah she's got nice little man I hope
necklace anything yeah it's cute and
nice but also like you bought into the
commercialism yeah now again I think
people do really confuse like
Catholicism with the Resta Christianity
like when I meet somebody who's Catholic
I'm like tell me about how you grew up
can we ever really different and like I
don't really know that much about the
color because all this essentially very
much it's a lot of all-or-nothing
because all my family's Catholic and we
just kind of work like that I really as
I we go to their service isn't my mom's
answer basically like um stuff that you
can't engage with it's very you know
it's not like Bible study it's not like
we get down to your level it's very like
this is all above you you're stupid
where you know you say what you know you
talk when you're spoken to
but that's what the Church of it cuz ice
also fun factories to work for the
Church of England Iowa so the coverage
you could be drawn oh hey that's really
cool so fun times as that through a lot
of them and I know a lot of eulogies but
and I think I'm to do with that is like
also I think that everybody needs
patterns and rhythms in their life and
some people find Catholicism and also
like very traditional Church of England
stuff really like and like sometimes
also when I'm like reading stuff in the
media about mindfulness I'm like hold on
are you just talking about like
Quakerism um
yeah boy without women we haven't
invented that have wait there's not like
a new thing then I think that's
interesting is it because has that very
much sprung from I think like my friends
are mutually like routine regime blah
blah blah I'm like we're still looking
for patterns to explain our lives in but
people don't want it to involve God
which is okay yeah it's just like always
so separate from that like oh that's
they're so involved those religious
people like following all these like
rituals and it's like you're doing the
same thing and that's okay but a lot of
it is just dude being human and humans
need rules and beliefs systems and
structures and we have had that just in
a different way yeah yeah good name we
should get one to give things now yes
our anyway like good thing no I like the
good things em so good things for me it
was like I feel like I have a really
high self esteem not just because I had
great parenting and my parents are
really loving because I grew up from me
and age believing that like I fitted in
the world and like I was meant to exist
and that's something that obviously it
should be for every child but it just
was so not accidental like I was
purposely taught that I don't know for
you guys oh yeah that was a lot like for
me young age it was like God loves you
you're supposed to be here that's really
interesting so I think that sometimes
when people are like oh you never have
self-esteem issues and I'm like what I
do but they just never get to a certain
level because I think I just grew up
with I have a right to exist
oh yeah definitely yeah I know we have
them Quakers as big on the idea of let
your life speak and like even if you
can't attend meeting or whatever like
that the primary function of you as a
Quaker is to do good things and hold up
for testimonies which are truth
simplicity equality and peace so try
what are they would love me yeah sure
simply treat people equally and be
peaceful and let their very yeah they're
pacifists die so you're always eat or
we're all gonna become Quakers in kinda
converted so I love is their own bitter
Stephanie a case of so people can claim
that atheist workers basically but then
they're going on protest that they're
like chaining themselves to things to
stop people from selling
- like Saudi there they're treating
everyone with respect I work in a soup
kitchens that's their way of believing
in God
yeah showing their belief in God and for
me that's like so inspiring yeah and
been such a good thing to see from a
young age today you ask me more about
like action yeah yeah we have faith in
actions that's another phrase for my
faith in action and but then also this
is okay so this is a question that we
can't answer but I think it's an
interesting one about whether people are
religious and therefore good people or
if they're good people who have found
religion to explain while they're trying
to be good yeah it's interesting isn't
it like it's also how much does even my
mom has a real idea that to be moral is
the best thing you can be and have a
concept of morality but I don't know
whether that came from like church or
that she's always had that you know yeah
I think there are community finds a way
to draw a line between right and wrong
and this is like even if you're an
atheist so it's definitely there's
definitely always people were trying to
draw lines cuz I don't know I'm trying
to think that people I mean good people
and bad people is such like a naive way
of explaining it but I do think
fundamentally people use things at their
disposal to facilitate their worldview
so if people who are selfish are
Christians they will still be selfish
and they will use Christianity to
justify that and just like selfless
people who are Christians will still be
selfless and will use their Christianity
to motivate them to more stuff with
stuff and it's the same outside of that
yeah yeah Luther that's a really good
wave another thing again like oh hey
button weak because I just love movies
they believe that there's that of God in
everyone so that everyone's got like an
inner life and so everyone is
fundamentally good and then yeah it's
really nice really nice way of looking
at everyone yeah and that's a nice think
that's something that 70 come from
Quakers so I didn't think before but has
been really encouraged in me as to be
like see the good in everyone also I
think it's like a weird way of going
about it but I think that I had this
idea of forgiveness that was instilled
at me a young age and I think a lot of
people have that but I just went to
talks on it and whole camp themed on
those topics Christian lying about it a
lot so I'm probably forgive you for your
horrible
to me because it doesn't matter like
that's just something I think I've seen
more good to come of that than bad yeah
whether I believe in God a lot I
definitely think the Christian emphasis
on forgiveness is a very positive any
means even if I don't yeah Eve if I
don't always even if I can't always
forgive and I can't always mr. it is so
good to have that I fundamentally
believe in forgiveness
yeah I've been made to think about it
just seven times for seventy seven seven
yeah oh you know I have been how many 7
how much does it a son seven see
Americans Gerald I am I also have on a
lighter note mega random set skills okay
oh yeah so I have like catered by myself
for a camp of 65 people for a week yeah
ten that's normal
I've organized a quiz for 300 teenagers
despite like by myself I've like yeah
taught like organized a youth group
every Friday for years yeah for children
and like the organized activities in
port lessons I mean sometimes I've
mention these things like all like
catering a camp thing I thought came up
randomly in conversation up aware and
people like like what yeah which I'm
like and I was like a giant een and I
just like yeah you just do them like
yeah I formed like four bands between
the age of 8 12 and 16 and like found
all the equipment and wrote songs I do
think it's given me a very like just
like cat like a can-do attitude that
sounds so like lame and TZ but yeah
there's loads of like weird community
things that you're like I don't know to
reduce the air community yeah I could do
the cup dance it's all about 10 and then
people start doing it and I was like oh
we've literally been doing the cup dance
for about 20 years but not just for that
ya know Christoph you know I didn't
didn't make into and just dumb things
like I'm very good at trying to
introduce people to people but in a big
group kind of way yeah I'm so sorry if
you ever come to a thing where i'm like
doing a meet-up or something which I
doubt will happen especially as I'm
talking on your channel but I thought I
guess like just like bring me up
I'm on your job you know he's gonna
heaven forbid name game and yeah you
don't just use to those activities yeah
yeah my name is Lucy back was that there
: on Mars I'd be a chocolate teapot but
I love that I love being in big I think
that put yeah young awkward teens to be
in big groups of people is fundamental
and big groups of accepting pedia more
people who are more likely to be
accepting it's fundamentally a good
thing even if more accepting of is
actually really close minded it's good
yeah yeah some of my very best friends
are I met them through christadelphians
stuff I went my husband that way but I
think particular with friends yeah I was
comfortable at Christa dolphin
gatherings for young people in a way I
never felt comfortable at school yes and
I dread to think if I'd only had that
school experience how shy and I say I'm
comfortable with myself I would be yeah
they make people they grow teens
confidence along I think I'm not sure
how you found that yeah I think as well
also I think I was forced to interact
with those different age groups and I
don't see that as much yeah right yeah
so like as a publicist I found it really
easy to relate to all these happened
like age groups and people and it gives
slot in and then I was like way too
knowing people all other people can't do
that as much your like and also just
like accepting all these people in my
house in my time like my mom and dad
just have all of these people yeah it
ain't normal
all those hanging out with people yeah
which i think is quite like it's quite
an olden thing to do it's like you know
I think people have lost that sense of
community a little bit like I miss that
I think why you started to stop being
lame God because I miss the people
around a community in like the
publishing book world you can have today
and I think that actually arguably a
community that has entirely accepted me
yeah and for me and I think particularly
I get this like like overstate the
impact of publishing work but it's just
bottom on okay like a really difficult
like time with my own identity
realizing that I didn't believe in God
and being part of a very tight Nick
meter I didn't know a lot of people like
actually being part of this book
community was really
like a big thing yeah the stretch of
books okay um I think as well so
something that's kind of negative and
positive is that I think I think it was
only about three years ago I actually
realized that death was gonna be a thing
and that's good and now I'm really
dealing with that so I'm like we did I
probably all gonna die yeah I don't know
right because I was I was brought up to
believe that we would never die and I
think now like death really shocked me
because I actually believe it's gonna
happen a lot calmer about death because
I always kind of had this uncomfortable
feeling I didn't quite get the appeal
well that was that awful like living
eternally you're like oh thank God I do
yeah ever and I know that like any other
option about not being like 200 like why
can't like I remember it's really like
really at peace with like having a
period of life to try and like be a
force for good and make the world like a
little bit better even if it's just by
being like a nice person
hmm and then that's it and then we get
I'm ready like I'm really like cool with
that
I found out Anna was a christadelphians
because I post a picture of us on
Instagram and my Chris Tisdell for your
friends was like how do you know Anna
James she's won already first Adele for
your friends and I was like what no
that's just another that really surreal
lunch where we were talking in this
language that we don't normally use for
publishing people it's oh yes I was like
she talked about the Trinity so yeah
you're like two worlds colliding yeah
yeah but it's weird because I think
there's a lot of people that are have
grown up in different Christian
communities and you don't know like you
don't know anything it's hard when
people like make massive generalizations
like that are just so off the mark that
I'm like what why are you saying that
like we all grew up the same cuz yeah
Adam so basically it's just like take
people as individuals yeah and be kind
yeah yeah let's go to people and don't
license chiefess do you think one but if
you do make sure you've been lofted at
least two hours to them how they
explained to you um yeah the ignorant I
don't if I had to go back in time I'd
still be I'd like to have been raised a
Christian to be honest I think it was a
ride I'm
my mum was a Christian but I'm glad my
dad wasn't I'm glad it wasn't like I've
got like a balance I got very but I know
I was never made to do anything so from
the age of about 11 or 12 when I started
being like actually I really don't like
singing hymns in Church of England
Church I could just say to my mom I
really don't like singing hymns in that
gesture she went neither dude like maybe
I don't like that warned me I really
miss singing really along I should go
too
and I emerges that said they gonna miss
the most traditional choice choir so
yeah like a proper Church of England yes
you're bang for like every once a month
or something you have their proper
sing-along yeah it's nice yeah I can
imagine that man yeah and also em this
is thing called Spring Harvest where
like 10000 Christians take over pretty
much every Butlins in the UK don't know
if you've noticed but a lot of people
haven't I don't know why it's been
happen for like 20 years
so I stood to Butlins every year and
just wonder around and I was just didn't
have to check with my parents ever they
were just like saw me and ate didn't
worry they didn't see me 211 the next
day to be honest and it was just this
community of really trusting people who
just looked after each other and
everyone's like even to Buckland's and
I'm like obviously I lived upon them
yeah we have similar things like that
where yeah I was being looked after by a
family and yes family it'd be like we'll
see you're like 2:00 in the morning yeah
yeah yeah you see me then there was a
lot of freedom it weirdly I think people
think you grow up in this really close
way and I'm like I had so much more
freedom
it's a funny matter business some of you
Oh funny mix yeah like yeah your parents
do fun to fundamentally trust you in
some respects yeah and I feel like I was
raised by a lot more people than just my
parents like I really know I feel like I
had a lot of like auntie's and uncles in
this really expansive way that I mean I
literally caught a Christofias literally
call people and uncles and sisters and
brothers don't know yeah so but I grew
up in a very when I was a kid I grew up
in a very small church where so we had
lots of aunts and uncles that were more
like a pseudo grandparents but me and my
sister were they're owning kids there
and they're like that kind of party the
reason went on all these I pick Bible
Camp
hey but yeah I don't know it's it's
obviously if it's not your belief then
it's strange to think about but there
are whole libraries of like like
Christian and theology and very well
thought through PowerPoint presentation
like one I disagree with like they're
thinking about it and they're changing
their they're changing their ideas about
it all the time as well so yeah I don't
know something about people aren't
blindly believing no lady not a you
commit to study for sure just fun of
Hermione's I didn't have to finish up
because I don't want it to be like
fruits you like know when you meet
Christians don't be mean to them but the
same time like when you meet Christians
don't be mean too much I'm like don't
assume anything
yeah there's an education have everyone
and I think it shows that from the
different experiences that clearly the
three of us apart yeah even within are
quite limited their one experience let
us know what you think in the comments
as always I bet you will and and I'd
love to talk about it more in the
comments cuz I do like talking about I
think is really interesting and but what
you were going to say and I was that
what do you identify now is oh sorry I
kind of identify as a humanist I think I
really believe in believing in people
and the fundamental potential of people
to fix probably earth that are happening
now anything that's a really healthy
sane way of seeing the world or it
certainly has been for me yeah
and I think also like it is whatever you
believe it's actually mind blowing the
room here yeah like this mattress and
say no wonder people like no wonder I
could believe whatever I believe for so
long because I'm like it is mind-blowing
that we're here likewise yeah here like
it okay if we come at the odd thing
anyway the end of the idea so if you win
your mind blown like yeah I'll think
about this right connect we're great
we're good we're all really cool yeah I
hope you go away I'm going to visit
Quaker Church I know where I get see ya
with anything is he won something mate
thanks for coming on the channel thanks
guys run up the love um I will leave
links to Anna and Lucy's videos in the
description and here and you can check
them out they've got amazing channels
click here if you want to see all of the
crazy different episodes of super
questions valina and they'll be more
coming soon if you have any suggestions
for more super question video you'd like
to see please leave them below and we'll
see you in the next one
