the institution of British television is
just like some boy I don't know what's
going on I'd love to write like a
guardian I think it's like welcome to
the Future it looks a lot like the
present it's like it is the present stop
writing about like it if you're making
this series you're gonna be in a team of
about twenty or thirty people with like
hundred thousand cards with a budget I
think you've got tons of cameras you've
got presenters he will pour over the
scripts every day we decided what we
could talk about we have like a real
meeting take weeks to prepare this thing
and then you bastards come along you put
a camera in your living room and it
changes everything people will have to
stop watching TV now this is my friend
Charlie we met when working on something
for BBC Three she's a teeny producer
she's worked with Russell Brand we we
see three free speech and other very
impressive things being friends charlie
is a really interesting thing because
she works in TV and obviously it's
youtuber we find each other very
fascinating this is originally recorded
for a podcast called death the Charlie
works on which is amazing I will link it
below but as discussed here we thought
be quite cool to show you guys what we
were talking about to their attentions
and the commonalities between TV and
YouTube are fascinating to both of us
and I'd love for you guys to sit in on
our powwow and then tell us what you
think below the difference between TV
youtubers and how we can move forward
together for a part who knows this since
the Battle of television versus YouTube
I'm Charlie from dust podcast and this
is Lina he's a youtuber and my friend
talking about the internet tell me what
is a vlogger or a youtuber would you
ever clear cell for bloggers do oh I did
mind like I'd call myself a blogger if I
was a blogger and it's a video blog so I
just add a V because this is accurate
and if people missing its color the word
feminist it's like you understand this
one's done the word vlogger that's your
problem google it you're either a
vlogger or a sexist and that's what you
can be actually I'd say a blogger yeah
like it's it's usually associated being
like a personal like you're telling your
own personal story like from your own
perspective it's first-person narration
of your own life yeah whereas people who
upload videos to YouTube like vice
they're not bloggers no people who make
documentaries and upload them to the
Internet in youtubers or creators
because you you shoot it yeah do you all
be creative so you're a creator yeah
there's one role yeah you're like
producing it as well so arguably that
now the youtubers who pay other people
to produce their YouTube videos and
paying the people to end up creators are
they creators or are they just like
vloggers or presenters would you let
somebody edit your footage
no is a lot of trouble yeah and I think
like part of how you say something is
how you edit it yeah because we could
just be saying all kinds of like crazy
racist homophobic yeah when you do a
video do you have questions do you know
what you're doing would you just sit
down and think oh you know a video do I
only ever script it once once I did a
video called is rape funny and I
scripted that whole thing because I was
like that needs to be no holes it become
like if I went to a conference and I
wasn't prepared and I'd like just
scrambled a few notes on my palm in biro
that's essentially the amount but if
you're making a series you're gonna be
in a team of about 20 or 30 people with
like hundreds of thousand pounds worth
of budget you got lighting you've got
tons of cameras you've got presenters he
will pour over their scripts every day
we decide what we're going to talk about
we have like really long meetings it
takes weeks to prepare this thing and
then you bastards come along you put a
camera in your living room and it
changes everything people have stopped
watching TV no sorry it just
seem so simple and I think there's a
difference between like what the whole
television production system like that
whole is it is a tradition it's like
it's an industry but it's a tradition of
an industry and it's like is making
things that people can watch where it's
just essentially moving image it's like
let's all calm down about it or just
meeting in a museum yeah or like is is
it just the moving images or is it this
whole process of scripting because
that's the storytelling
like you're telling me yeah you record
it with like like digital cameras but
like it's a storytelling process you're
doing yeah just like a I don't know
whereas I don't not really having a
story so the world of the world of
YouTube is it people are like tell me
about the world of YouTube I'm like wow
people talk about social media yeah as
not being real is YouTube as realness
I think it's as real as anything it's
kind of like when the first technologies
came in and it's like oh we fucked if
you like ring somebody on the phone are
you really speaking to them like yeah
and now I write them a letter
is that really communication it's like
yeah it's the same it was like yeah it's
still a thing but I do think it's
different in lots I can understand why
people think it's different because you
obviously are editing yourself and
there's lots of youtubers that I've met
oh I imagine a one way in real life in a
very different way in the other and
that's what I've been like I don't
really like their videos that much and I
meet them and I'm like I love them or
the other way around
and it's also just like an extrovert
introvert thing because if you're able
to edit your own speech then you you
become across differently and yeah just
want a nice you think of stuff yeah on a
spot I think you're quite similar to
your videos thank goodness because
that's like one of my main anxieties as
people meet me and they're like you're
nothing like your videos why did you
start like did you did you watch YouTube
videos and think I'm gonna buy one cheap
I watched youtuber called rosianna
paper lilies and probably meekakitty and
they were like very genuine women
talking to camera yeah about their lives
in their bedrooms I'm being really
chilled and just they'd seem to be
getting stuff off their chests yeah I
guess I wanted to get stuff off my chest
so I did the same I guess I don't know
yeah did they give what did they give
you the television couldn't give you I'm
because I suppose YouTube and vlogging
is like the document
beautifully in today isn't it because
you have drama Netflix and cinema will
always continue in that vein where is
traditional television things like
entertainment shows and maybe
documentaries and all kind of personal
travel of stuff you can now get online
just in smaller chunks like
entertainment obviously is one because
people do with these like crazy
challenges and stuff like that so that's
like you're sort of an & DEC's Saturday
night takeaway yeah version of YouTube
yes very different I think don't think
I'm realizing this now I think as you're
saying that I think it was it's it's
like tuning into a TV program we have
and in some ways in a limited amount of
content yeah to get through it will
never ends yeah so sometimes I'm like I
love to character in a TV show then they
cancel the TV show and now I never get
spent on that character ever again and
it so you find these characters online
and doesn't have to end and they can
respond to you like authentically not
you know I don't know everyone's a
character to everybody else like even
your friends like you probably think of
them as characters or having particular
trait yeah and it's not that whole you
know I mean I think I don't know I think
it's not weird for people to be like Oh
Lina you're a character on likes I'm
like yeah but then like in TV like when
you get a presenter in if they're new
they have to do so much training in
front of the camera to get to look I'm
really trying to focus I'm looking down
the camera or so saying this so they
have to really look down the camera and
you know it takes a lot to build up your
confidence to just sit there I mean it
is a script so it's quite unnatural just
to be like this is the nine o'clock news
this is what's going to happen and that
is really hard things do varies I could
do that youtubers you just smash it out
of the park I used an auto key once and
I like completely freaked out and that's
like what there's all the words just
keep going past me like it was like very
strange so I don't know some people like
we should be presenter and I'm like I
need some training in that I think you'd
be good for center thank you always
really really upbeat
there you are in general I'm provider
I'm not with you and your low abs but I
think that some some criticism of people
of you some criticism of bloggers and
yet they do you see that that blogger
thing where I start swinging it away oh
no sorry again I do it all my videos
just like I would really recommend I
would really recommend beat I really
yes some people's criticism of vloggers
is that they're like she bouncy in their
videos and they're excited it's
necessary own life isn't there but I'm
like I genuinely am like that so I'm
like I'm sorry if it's probably better
you watch my youtube videos could you
find me quite overwhelming in person
yeah these people exist in real life
yeah and just because you they're not in
your friendship group or your lives
especially like middle aged people that
like all why are they all so excited and
I'm like probably cuz you don't know
anything under there no offense but like
do you not I mean there's some some
people know were like all these these
teenagers are very excitable and I'm
like how often do you interact with
teenagers in your normal life and then
tell me what you think teenager is it's
nice to see the younger generation that
makes me sound really old there is nice
to see kind of teenagers especially and
kind of young early 20s and people
making video is being really positive
and upbeat and kind of taking control of
it whatever they're talking about
they're like I'm here I'm going to talk
about that and it's actually really nice
because all the shit you hear in
newspapers and about this like
disenfranchised and engaged youth yeah
if you want to find where the clever
young people are like they might mine I
think with TV it's interesting because
and I just realized that if I wanted to
be in TV yeah I felt I could have to
wait a long time oh yeah a certain way
yeah yes I know I have to be a certain
age or I have to look a certain way and
I think a lot of people and people who
were you know that or my age like you
know when I was nineteen twenty there
were lots of people who were just like I
don't to wait that long
and so just built the room can I have
somewhere else do it for yourself yes it
feels a hugely inaccessible yeah so I
think we just like made a party
somewhere else which i think is great
from like our generation to just be like
we're not gonna shit on your fest and
like just tweet about you all the time
we're gonna go in for our own party
somewhere else yeah and my name's of
people are watching yeah and then people
on TV are really angry because for
throwing our own party and it's like we
all party of a shit so he left it
sometimes you guys feel weird like I
mean have meetings and have
conversations of people and they're like
right we need to make a viral video it's
like you don't make a viral video you
make a video that can go viral yeah you
can you're the voice of reason yeah like
it's crazy but then these are your
bosses these are the people that pay you
and it's really strange to see TV
struggle with that concept BBC three
have gone online where is the beginning
of something me also just like brand
fatigue where our generation is really
bored of being sold to so I think it's
really hard to be a brand seeing is like
an anti-capitalist thing then hopefully
maybe but in there are from our
perspective we see the news knits like
YouTube is a flogging products they're
being sent products and being paid to
use them it's just like television then
I think that would be America so like in
Britain technically our laws still
protect us from youtubers not saying
it's a sponsored advert right so I think
a lot of the like the coverage on on
newspapers I don't know where they're
reading it from but like yes people are
Instagram and people in on YouTube who
are generally American can get away with
that because they don't have the same
laws so and I can watch it from Britain
and not be notified that something as an
ad or a sponsored video
whereas if we're watching zoella for
example yeah if she has a product
legally she has she has to say I yeah I
struggle with her shopping hauls hmm I
took with everyone's shopping haul there
is a huge amount of privilege in the top
bit of each I just like it'll be the
person on my bed yes there is yeah so
maybe it's not anti-capitalist yes
but I don't the Internet is my thought
of Internet and yeah I don't know it's
hard because it is displaying a lot of
privilege but there there's the same you
know do you think the same if you just
like turn on the TV and watch people
live these great lives like Made in
Chelsea is the same yeah but they put
that on TV but a mobile are no zoella
that's encouraging captioners sorry the
question I'm most interested in is is
the internet good for us is watching
youtubers make videos about their lives
making us better people making us more
engaged more intelligent are we
progressing is this the next level
because whilst we can say oh well
flogging
these products online is just like
commercial breaks on television or these
beauty standards or the all these makeup
tutorials is just like you see all these
glamorous women and men
television is just the same but
shouldn't the internet be more shouldn't
it be taking us to the next level
and is the next level just Kim
Kardashian's bum I think it depends on
the way you use it so you can use if
you've got a consumerist mindset that I
would argue has been taught to you by TV
yeah you'll go - you'll go to youtube
and you'll consume the same kinds of
content but there's lots of people who
haven't grown up with TV now and that's
not me I definitely grew up with TV but
people who attended in with me weren't
if you can grown up with TV so I would
argue that they haven't been trained
into that process so they might start
using YouTube very differently yeah does
that mean unlike and I think there's
lots of like self-confidence vloggers
and lots of booktubers and those other
people who are making amazing content
and they might not be at zoella level
right now but maybe in 10 years yeah
maybe
tell me about your fame and your fan
because like you've got lots of
followers on you've got 30,000 yes
subscribers I got how many on Twitter
like yeah good few thousand like that's
that's slightly a bit of internet fame
it's not the top of internet fame but it
is compared to the average joe's yeah
that is that's quite a lot that's an
audience that's the platform yes
definitely and like the thing that makes
me most happy about that is when I talk
about a book and then people buy it
that's the only bit of power that I get
tricked from I'm like so the books
solves the books um but it's weird
because it's like Fame but it's not
power I like - oh I don't think I don't
know I don't think that my audience
follow me blindly I hope not
so like don't be a dick and like
sometimes if I interview people I talk
over them people call me out and
comments be like stop interrupting
people and I'm like you're right I was
interrupting people and that's rude and
I shouldn't do that and people don't
follow do you I mean yeah there's lots
of Watchers yeah but I don't you may
automatically fans and I think that's
what's good about there is it a fair
market for young people coming through
who want to make videos and want to be
this sort of personality it is a genuine
job to have it is it a level playing
field for everybody
it taken away the nastiness of
television that says you have to look
like this you have to portray yourself
like this if you look at the VidCon so
VidCon is a huge like Pelageya mentioned
and there's also one in the UK called
summer in City if you look at the lineup
of who is featured and who is most
famous and he was the most meetups
it's scarily white right so white
I'd say it's better evening you came to
news in the US but it's still so white
and so white so no but and also with
women it's like there will be certain
women that are more famous than others
and the reasons I'm plenty talent
kindness greatness but there are a lot
more symmetrical faces out there in the
topic than there are at the one I'm just
gonna sit like that's just how it is
yeah they're just symmetrical and it
doesn't actually I think wait doesn't
play into it as much there's lots of
different varieties of bodies good but
symmetry of faces which i think is the
main privilege of like looks I feel like
in television I feel like I'm a bit
weird for television and I'm not weird
like look at me the future of television
what the kind of most common criticism
that you get from you know from people
who don't know about you or YouTube
outside of you chip I think that maybe
people think it's a little bit silly and
it's a bit silly like they're right but
everybody does silly things in their
free time like I think some people like
this is Lina she has this quirky weird
hobby at home where she's like an
absolute idiot and I'm like yeah you
play golf that's a stupid sport there is
this idea that perhaps the stuff that a
lot of the really popular youtubers are
doing is a bit vacuous like it doesn't
really mean anything in people are
watching this instead of maybe watching
something more highbrow yes television I
think there is like a class thing in
that is that I mean I've to say that I
singer I think there's a class problem
there where people who have more
luxurious jobs or jobs that they view to
be very academic and they've worked very
hard and they have so many
qualifications for it they think that
everybody else should use their free
time to better themselves as people and
like read everything and it's like yeah
that would be really great and we should
all do that but look people have harder
lives than you
and they need to escape from them and
that is like their priority where they
escape from them you know I mean it's
not your and so man Department right I'm
in the art of asking she talks about
being a street statue and she was a
bride and like people would put money in
her and like tin or whatever I think
she'd say under well known even know
anyone money in her tin and she's like
stretch out and give him a flower and
that was like a meaning for that to her
and it was a meaningful act to the
person you received the flower and she
talks about the people here in the cars
he would drive past the square that she
was working in roll down the window and
be like get a real job and she'd always
be strike stood there as a statue
thinking this is my real job and people
really invalidate something that's
actually quite a personal connection so
when people go oh people who watched
everywhere are so vacuous and people
like their owner is so vacuous you're
like that was a private almost
relationship between a creator and a
viewer and you can't really go that's
vacuous because you don't know do you
not I mean you don't know what sarella
means to people you don't know when
she's honest with people and when she
talks honestly about her life how what
that means to people because you're not
a teenage girl like you know me yes and
I also think so with TV TV is made with
different kinds of classes in mind I
think there's different shows at
different times when different people
will be free because there's people who
are free in the day and they're like
different from the people who are free
in the evenings a demographic yeah and
there are always demographics of people
like you're making stuff for
demographics and it's like you are we
are that's not we do and we leave isn't
automatically giving people well-rounded
cultural experiences in filling time and
giving people escape routes from their
lives and that's okay but it's kind of
what's been happening already yeah it's
really weird the whole demographic thing
because we spend a lot of time talking
about what what's the demographic for
this this will only work if it will play
into this particular demographic and it
does what it's for and that's where
people put their money yeah I think the
fear of YouTube for people who work in
television like me is that there will be
no money for us to work and we'll have
to do other jobs in the day and we can
make films in the evening but it's
fucking exhausting yeah making films
when
you have a day job as well and it's kind
it's hard so it's a privilege to really
be able to make youtube videos yeah your
privilege yeah um yeah I think it's
really hard for like an industry I don't
know because I think there's nodes of
amazing storytellers it's just that the
way that people are consuming stories
has really changed yeah and it's like I
think there are lots of parts of that
are missing from YouTube that we need
more of like there's a look there's
we're really lacking in like really good
quality documentaries and yeah like an
honest thing between a YouTube video and
a TV program oh yeah what's the space
between that I think jacksgap get it
right a lot and jacksgap jack says get
five minutes of your life if he won't
get back what's that is that your photo
mostly was Jack online it's it's a boy
called Jack who made a YouTube channel
in this gap year and then it went it
went he absolutely blew up and now he's
using the money to make amazing
documentaries about other people oh cool
it's cool boy I like him um but yeah
there's lot of people there getting it
right but there's so much more we could
do yeah I got the professionals on board
as well I feel ready strongly about TV
you can what we tell that because I do
think it's good and I grew up with it
and I'm like where I feel though it
should be a different way will be
accessed in a different way Oh curating
it right but I still think it's a cool
thing you know I mean and it's like I
feel things about it cuz I grew up with
it and I think it did a lot for me but
it's like yeah I don't know I feel like
I wouldn't say if I didn't care I feel
like people like Stacey D Lee and Reggie
Yates
I like the television equivalent to
youtubers yeah and they have these
amazing production teams around them and
all this money to make these awesome
shows and yeah if yeah if some youtubers
got access to some of that stuff as well
we keep creating this awesome content
that feels relevant to us relevant yeah
to the world we're living in and it
doesn't make us feel disconnected
because I think the issue that a lot of
people have is the disconnect between
what you're doing you know we're in
we're in a room here on our own in
London talking about things that are
just important to us whereas there isn't
the responsibility to the audience yes
to give them something new you have to
give them something that might help
grow is is it ever lonely online is that
a weird thing to say nobody wouldn't
help because when you're watching
television if it's like in the old days
when I was a kid everyone would sit down
on a Saturday night and watch Noel's
house party like together and you'd go
into school and be like oh my god we all
watched Noel's house party my mom watch
it my dad worked yeah and the
generations are together the unity of
that we don't yet have anymore
I wish I do watch YouTube videos of my
friends oh yeah if we were like oh if
we're all together and we haven't
watched one of our other friends videos
we'll sit down and watch it together and
then like some of the pictures of us
watching it and yeah but yeah I guess it
is more of a lonely it's more like
reading really everything's quite lonely
but if you have a book mareep after it's
quite so sure but it is more like
reading than is like watching TV I care
for you TV but you watch videos and then
it'll have a discussion about what has
been discussed oh my god you really met
her
we we should that would be great have a
meeting of people like have a debate
we're like the higher out like the Town
Hall we'll have a panel of youtubers and
we'll send everybody five genius
yeah and everyone has to watch it and
then before each debate we'll ask one
question for each thing and before each
debate we'll show the video and then
everyone has a panel of four and against
the motion and I'll be the chairperson
and that is all we need people from
traditional media outlets to help us
with you do we think TV and you can wear
together I think they knew they don't
have I think we can buy idea I mean it
when I think that YouTube hasn't reached
its full potential and I also think this
is this arrogance that comes to the
youth where it's like we know everything
now we made our own reality you can't
come it's like everyone's invited
and and we're not always going to be
correct about it and there's loads of
stuff we've messed up one like so much
stuff yeah so much stuff there's so much
stuff TVs messed up on I think there's a
lot to be learnt me inside and just this
missing TV is as arrogant as is
dismissing
YouTube as zoella I don't know as just
so well are you adding out less will
come together guy does that because I'm
learning about deaf again
yeah done the end
cool right oh that how you turn it off
that's my eyes now
