if everyone could stop thinking that
Muslim women are oppressed there's a
bomb going off people wanna know my
opinion I never would stab my eye make
me feel comfortable okay it's good for
them
hi guys welcome to another episode of
stupid questions with Reena where we get
to be stupid in public and so if you
haven't seen their episodes here are
some links to them basically the ethos
in the series is I like to get people on
you want me to tell me what it's like to
be there and somebody I just see scalp
side wearing head basically that's the
idea of that sort of things stop stop
Lina my god so this is Aishah malik she
wrote Sophia Khan is not obliged but
you're obliged right I've been going
crazy on social media about this book
I've been obsessively tweeting it's
probably borderline spam at this point I
do love it this the first episode where
I've been asking you guys to send me
some questions - oh I sure you remember
yes are you would you call yourself a
practicing Muslim is that a phrase I can
use you're like pretty nice it ESCA -
some people would say that like cultural
Muslims or the Hellenic so yeah and I
already I'm like yes watching I'm like
no we're not using the words real Muslim
that's not okay are you like a puppet
are you a believer what is one of the
most stupid questions you've been asked
before because you know if you say
something then it was on my leg and I
told them maybe I should ask that first
what would be I think I told you earlier
that girl once asked me whether I had to
shower in my hijab
I'm just gonna do like basics of Islam
as well the stuff that I don't hate like
I feel like I know if it came from the
pop quiz I wouldn't like maybe not with
a bear on it
the irony of being
an Islamic question in a pub quiz is
there's lots of sex Islam and there's
five or six I would 72 something yeah do
you supinate dreams of so many trials of
Muslims um but there's two that are in
the news a lot which is sunny and she's
night she ends is it okay to ask which
one you are
is that a nosy question should I ask
other people that I mean I identify
Sydney but I think there are quite a lot
of people quite a lot of Muslims who try
and just stay away from that argument my
just yeah because it's like it stops
your religious question it is a
political question yeah and I know I
think it can perpetuate that hatred and
that's something that we're trying to
work against yeah
unite as one I guess if I were asked I'd
say Sydney by you know with Sofia card
like like it opens is it what the
opening scenes is she's on the tube and
somebody she doesn't know a man just
calls her a terrorist and she kind of
like has a moment where she's like what
just happened and he gets off the tube
and then she leans out the door and is
like terrorists I wear vintage shoes
you're wanker is that a direct quote did
I do it yet oh you didn't mind with that
the T word do people do that ever
happened to you is anybody in public say
I was once called terrorists yeah yeah
what by stranger by stranger looked
completely inoffensive to sing of all
places my way I mean Tooting Tooting
thank you as she look a lot more
terrorists like than I am I'm not maybe
he is very that's with strangers but
with people you know there's any region
yeah I think my you know not mine honest
and friends are curious because they
just know me as I sure yeah and their
mate
so even though being a missing it's
quite visible that I'm gonna simply
there they don't identify me as that
yeah so when something like that happens
yeah oh yeah I'm going to know my
opinion and they you know and mean my
colleagues certainly feel sorry for me
every time there's a new bombing and
hatred on their internet yeah yeah and
is there talk in the Muslim community is
it talked about a lot of people
discussing it frequently or yesterday is
there something there's like we're we're
just like in a frenzy about it you guys
race together like I need to collect
kids or is it quite a flammable issue
within evening on depends when something
like when something like then obviously
it becomes a point of conversation but
it kind of has to you know because as
practicing Muslim and it's visible that
you're practicing you do become targeted
because they're kind of visual aspect
yeah so so you end up having to talk
about so even if you don't want to mmm
this whole burqini debate about MS MLS
launching a panini and the French
Minister saying how there yes you a
seeing oppression like on one hand I
want to be really really angry and livid
about it and quite something really kind
of punching in the New Statesman really
angry second book to redraft I don't
have time for this yeah well exactly how
much of the pie do you gifted yeah other
people what what what you know what do
you what really is going to rile you I
mean this is just everyday day-to-day
stuff and I think it's just common sense
when people say everyone should have
women should have a choice as to what
they well obviously we don't write
something that's obvious you know it's
it's so clear as I do you wouldn't want
to enter that conversation because if
don't know that yeah then iron no
Maharaja Sawai yeah yeah you've got
other stuff to work on somebody recently
challenged me to name the five pillars
of Islam on the spot and I absolutely
panicked do you think that something
people should know it's a basic but only
if you're Muslim because if your
non-muslim but no let me see if I'm okay
let me see if we get this right let me
see oh Jesus er eh okay Mecca so going
on a pilgrimage fasting yes
charity how much do you give to charity
do you do that every year after Ramadan
I sit down with my calculator know my
number is eons just like just be nice
give you money away but this is like
yeah so you have to do two different and
sorts of charity you have forgot which
is obligatory so you are obliged to give
two and a half percent on what you own
and that will include an extra house if
you have one and money saved and gold so
you actually have to yet you actually
have to get out the calculator and you
have to properly work out how much you
have and give two and a half percent so
people can't go I'm just gonna invest my
money in housing and then I can go God's
not the tax now they're the the
declaration of faith you just have to
say yeah yeah when I found out I was
like that's kind of cheap because surely
you would be doing the other four if it
wasn't for that one lady assuming but no
that's like the first one I'm missing
one there's nothing to do is it wearing
something nice I won't know if we're
done going somewhere wearing something
think of the stupid things that Sophia
has to do in the book in order to do
this on a daily basis
oh we did the pray right photos
right the second I was worried that I
didn't know in the book and Sophia has
to keep finding places to pray in her
office and I was interesting because I
think about my office and I'm like I
don't know where where would you and
it's like I was reading about three
major Koerner life I did wanna you know
if I went to come back why would I go
when you were writing the book with it
it was there just stuff like that that
you just kind of almost getting off your
chest or this hasn't been anywhere
before
yeah and I was you know some obviously
having worked in publishing and having a
lot of my friends who are like you're so
lucky that you work in a place where
people don't mind that they wouldn't be
able to kind of like this is obviously
like well historically were a pagan
country that's me real but like well the
way we talk about we we think we're like
historically a Christian country it's
just kind of true if we don't matter
five or six years by and birth so we
like I have an understanding because of
primary school and secular schools soak
in the memory about Christianity like
that base level thing do you probably
know more about Christianity than I do
about is that maybe
yeah well mostly because because it's an
Abrahamic religion and that's part of
what we're taught so even though you
don't believe in the New Testament and
we believe in the Old Testament but also
because the Bible has been changed over
time our unspeak we believe that that
Christian understanding of the Bible is
skewed yes us cues it's like oh yeah
so actually we we know more about
Christianity because we believe in the
prophets believe in Moses yeah Jesus and
you know it's so but we end up so gee do
you think there is a like there is just
there's like a bit of a discrepancy an
imbalance there where my basic
understanding of Islam isn't in line
with Islamic basic understanding of my
Christianity
yeah and it's something that do you get
it oh well fair enough as a Christian
country historically you are just gonna
know more this is of course you are
and of course it's it's just one of
those again it's one of those things
that you wouldn't expect someone to know
more about Islam than they do about
Christianity but in the audience are we
expecting too little from us Jeremy like
it's an unbeatable but is it great might
I think in today's climate I think
people should take it upon themselves to
learn more about it's not only because
of the negative but Yale there's a
balancing exactly if it wasn't order at
all no I mean if you're going to have a
if you're going to have an opinion about
Islam then make sure that you research
it you know make sure that it's founded
in knowledge rather than casting
aspersions so yeah it would be nice if
people feel really strongly about the
Islamic faith and according to the
comments section of most videos there's
some feelings out there they do then
please go out and educate yourself or
ask the Ursuline yeah it forces us also
to be more informed yeah I know that
it's forced me to learn more about the
religion yeah I practice so in many ways
I think it's kind of a win-win because
when people ask questions you don't want
to come across like an ignorant yeah I'm
wearing hijab actually I know very
little about the religion and I
supposedly practice so yeah no it's good
yeah so with the job it's obviously a
very visual way of showing what usually
when it's read have you just went all
the way with the color as well
and when did you start wearing hijab or
is that kind of like no yes if you're
gay asking if we were coming out story
or super-good another yeah no it's fine
it's about ten years ago so what what
tips the tip to follow I know actually
funnily it was a trip to New York okay
and I was staying with my cousin for a
couple months there and it was just part
of the spiritual progress I was feeling
I guess sorry
and also I'm one of those people who
kind of when they make a decision it
just kind of happens overnight and then
you wait my wake up and I'm like oh yes
today I'm going to wear hijab yeah new
plan today I'm going to I do it do you
ever regret it no no not one bit okay so
there's like a sovereign decision or
something overall individuals need do
you know anybody who has ever like
decided not to again like you know I've
got a few friends actually used to wear
hijab and no longer do is that because
of external pressures or no just because
they felt like it was something they
didn't want to do anymore and that's not
to say they're any less spiritual than
me of course it's a choice indicated by
the fact that my mom my sisters don't
worry hijab yeah whether it's compulsory
there's a contention there are there's a
minority of scholars who believe that a
job actually
this kind of a job isn't necessary okay
and there are scholars who believe a is
compulsory so it really depends on which
school of thought you go down and what
kind of research you do into it which
you know manifesting you wearing you're
not wearing it so if if a woman does or
doesn't is completely it like anything
whether she drinks whether she prays
yeah it's when she follows is Ramallah
yeah it's all about choice really
there's no you know the famous quotes in
the Quran us use there's no compulsion
in religion and I think
that's the key phrase and the the
reasons behind why you do something the
intention with which you do something is
far more important than the actual doing
of it intention is a very big thing in
Islam if you're intending to wear a
hijab just to please your family members
maybe that's kind of worse yeah I mean I
don't know what's worse or not I might
judge but you know but it's not only I
nation behind which you do something
it's kind of integral to whatever it is
you do yeah so yeah because I'm another
question was about masculinity with the
hijab and Saudi do you wear it around
just if you were just with women yet
also Islamic would you take off yes yes
so like yeah I would take a non-muslim
women as well so it's just it's just men
who you aren't related to so you can
take it off in front of your dad and
your brother and your uncle's like say
if we lived in a matriarchy right I know
only women if they won't be any people
long term a short term it's yeah so you
have questions but and so in some ways
you wearing hijab is is dependent on men
being around but yes yeah which is the
only yeah I'm kind of like it's always
slightly uncomfortable because it's kind
of I mean I find it slightly
uncomfortable sometimes because it's
like oh yo it's I we've got my hijab
like all these men are gonna fall in
love with me that's yeah that's the kind
of subtext yes that's not really what it
is it's hijab is about the meaning of
hijab is obviously to veil and that
meaning is also multifaceted so it's not
just about the physical veiling it's
about the has emotional veiling as well
the way you speak to people the way you
interact with people this person says
once a Muslim guy said that women
wearing hijab is a sign of respect so
that men won't look at them but will
actually get to know them only from
their ideas
you have a different reaction from it I
think it's a valid point I think that
with the hijab there's certain respect
that ends up coming from the opposite
sex
yes sometimes you don't get it as well
filthy men out there happy on a job with
no hijab there's a danger in that
philosophy yeah because actually you
should respect someone whether they're
wearing
yeah or whether they're going to protect
yourself from a system that actually
exists in that first thing exactly so
it's rim that's actually a very
dangerous school of thought I would say
and to not have that at all that would
be quite nice yeah I question this we
are speaking do you know many who's
transgender and Muslim and with a I
don't know anyone personally but yeah
there are gay people who on this live
there are gay women who wear hijab and
are practicing and there are gay men who
are practicing their own gay men who
aren't practicing yeah you know and it's
most same applies it's like your choice
your your just your intention and you
know whatever your personal beliefs ah
there is just there is no place for
prejudice or homophobia in any women in
any whether it's in Islam or Muslims
there since there's no place for it
because and actually this is I go to
these Islamic classes every Friday or
Monday I often think I wish it was open
like I wish non-muslims mean things like
that like we're both do you know yet
although the scholars that I like you
know like you do know that we're being
followed by the mi5 don't you but I
don't know if they are you taking what
are you serious because I choose not
it's not beyond the reach of yeah it's
not yeah yeah
so someone actually asks question you
know
what do you think about gay people yeah
and he said there's no place for
homophobia in Islam whether you believe
in the act of being gay we know that
there are kind of stringent walls in all
Abrahamic engines when it comes to
homosexuality he's like but hating
someone for their sexual orientation
it's just not yes doll yeah so I just
watched the honor Diaries on Netflix
like the everything then I died no sir
and one of I'm one of those people who
who can't quite bring themselves towards
that kind of stuff but yeah quite
depressing yeah well exactly it's like
you don't know me to have watched it so
why can't you I love the way they know
that affected me but I'm it's it's a
roundtable discussion with bits of
documentary in it okay lots of Muslim
women and I need to talk about the
concept of honor obviously when I first
like started associating the word honor
with everything it wasn't just like
basic stuff I associated with the word
honor killing and that is like the worst
Association ever I really like to make
with the work on it
what can you define honor for you and
like do you think the word on a plays a
part in how you practice well I think
any human being should try and be
honorable whether you're Muslim or not
with limb and the top the tab for me
honor is just another version of respect
yeah you know unfortunately there are
people who think that oh no if to do
with duty I know isn't necessarily duty
honor I think for me is respect they
talk a lot about people associate with
honor with a whole family and whole
thing so when you act you don't just act
as an individual you actors part of the
family and yeah there's an implication
of like corner points thank you you lost
some points yeah I think we've lost that
in like secular society and kind of in
Christian society of that idea of
operating as a group and then unit and a
few in unity because also I think that
weird
very fragmented to the point where I'm
like where are the Wyatt and how many
communities anymore where's my home I
don't know it's a website lady no our
neighbors yeah and it's that thing of
like people being very like oh well
religion was where everyone hung around
together and there's like this concept
of honor and then you're all connected
to everybody and it was really like
rubbish when I think about the word
honor I think about collective group do
you think it'll be good about that I
think there's something wonderful about
that I mean imagine if you just humor in
Ireland and you didn't have your close
friends yeah imagine you know I think
the sense of community is just a
wonderful thing yeah and you know I read
an article a while ago in the Guardian
about this tiny village in Sardinia and
maybe where all people live to like 100
around there because they have such a
close-knit community and they're all
really happy we're like the younger
generation visits the older generation
and they also have lunch together and
they all know what's going on if
someone's ill there's the community
rushes to kind of help them and they're
like we don't we don't want people to
infiltrate this sounds like the beach we
have the key sayings in Islam I mean
there are a lot but one of them is if
you're you shouldn't I'm paraphrasing
hugely by the way sorry Muslims out
there you know it's hard you as a
partner if you're you shouldn't sleep if
your neighbor is sleeping hungry so
there decides this is not an effective
in there you're looking after your
neighbor yeah or if they're ill or if
they're hungry and you're looking after
them and then they're looking after
their neighbor and then they're looking
up essentially he's going yes no.11 got
problems so she starts yeah charity
begins at home visiting and with making
sure that your knees are okay such a
simple commute and actually if we all
implemented it then
we'd all be really happy yeah I think we
start using the word over for that mouth
he's gonna be weeping yeah I'm like well
just call it a beginning sounds like you
should be a new Australian drama I want
to be a non-muslim so with this concept
of honor and being part of a collective
group of people do you feel like you're
having to answer or act for people that
you shouldn't have to like do you ever
feel like you're a symbol rather than a
person yeah
beginning again yeah there's a bomb
going off people want to know my opinion
yeah M&S is selling bikinis people want
to know my no I mean in some ways if you
choose to wear a hijab and be very open
about your practice then it's going to
invite questions and you'd rather that
it does invite questions then not yeah
but when when you're tarred with the
same brush as someone who's ended up
bombing an airport are you I'm gonna
have to stand because like that's really
really awful and idea what's good about
it though on the flip side it forces us
within the community to think about ways
to technics yeah because it is an issue
yeah and it does it needs to be
rectified yeah how do you do that
what do you do you know maybe you might
articles
do you know comic journalists maybe you
write books yeah you know so these are
kind of small but significant ways in
which you can put forth your own
narrative and hope that people pay heed
yeah and like hear that as well as you
know yeah you can't just so I just just
yet
in the media system yeah oh it's like
that it's just a hard question because
like when I when I read more about Syria
and stuff I'm like I can own I know that
I have lesser understanding of it
because I don't understand Islam I mean
I know that so it's like that's a key
way of fight understanding that issue
when it's not your people start calling
me out in the British Empire I feel like
anything was quite bad yeah and Osiris
probably our fault actually yeah you
know that's kind of force you to be more
politically savvy yeah obviously
different in each family Sophia Khan is
allowed to date but there are like
certain expectations yeah I didn't think
she's allowed to date so much as she
just does yeah that century are there
any like rules around teen dating is
there a point where I don't I do it no
ya don't
that's not know that I mean dating is a
taboo subject because you're not meant
to do it in the sense of today's
understanding of what dating involves
dating involves physical interaction
yeah you know which is prohibited in the
show so and I know there was a question
about rules about sex yeah you can have
it but with in wedlock exactly go for it
how are we doing on integration like in
general what would you say I don't know
cuz I don't think is that great like to
be honest I have like I've got quite
fatigued friends actually but I don't
think I have any mr. Renne how could you
go like you know should people
it's an ignorant thing to go out and
wash and make some Muslim friends it's
like joining integration
thing I don't have any black friends I
should go out and get some black pepper
you know it's the same kind of yeah
that's almost a little bit like an
contrived
yeah it's contrived and it's kind of
almost poke tree it's like I'm
collecting diverse friends it's not like
you're not casting a TV program about
the work yeah I'm just having a
friendship brief and you don't want to
be like oh I'm having Muslim friends
come in okay so I've already got this of
white middle-class yeah you don't want
to do that at the same time it's it's
not okay to be like all integration will
happen eventually you know I mean I
thought to me that oh yeah well all you
know because there are pockets like like
London among the most diverse places
I've ever lived but I'm still like their
pockets you go into coffee shops and
you're like there are like do you not
mean it's patchwork it's not like one
cut again yeah how is it okay to be like
how do I make more Muslim friends it's
not like a weird let me get a few people
who are looking for new friends it's an
interesting question because on one hand
you don't want to be collected like you
say collecting friends just based on
wanting to be an interesting and diverse
person hmm but if you give it an analogy
and the way the work case works and the
way the media works and the whole
concept of diversity then I guess if
we're if we're positively discriminate
than dating in the media yeah and making
sure I'm making sure that we're using
positive discrimination within the
workplace then in a lot of ways
extending that into your personal life
kind of makes sense i think that there's
a danger of just trying to be really
kind of cool and integrated i mean again
it comes to attention doesn't know what
yeah was like that chilling when you
really want to know about this person's
life and do you genuinely feel that yeah
we all go
in your knowledge of people and do you
want to do this to broaden your own kind
of horizons or are you just doing it to
just look to like collect just to have a
bit of fun and yet lect yeah so it
really depends on what your viewpoint is
and whether you are genuinely kind of
interested in knowing more about yeah do
you feel like your friendships with
Muslims are different from your
friendship every friendship is different
because with my friends just like with
my friends who come from a Christian
background there's just certain stuff
that I can say about my family that they
won't be like would they understand that
it comes from the place of me and it's
just a different culture I think my
non-muslim friends because they know me
so well and my reasonably Rowling is so
respectful of it yeah I could probably
have very similar conversations but the
thing with my Muslim friends is and I
actually had this conversation with my
colleague he's an atheist and so we
always like having these kind of but you
know and he he talks he was talking
about morality and the importance of
maintaining that without the idea of
religion because it can prevent you as a
person
yeah I'm seeking justice in this world
which is a very valid point and I was
disagreeing with him on some points and
you know we agree to disagree when I
said that your point of reference is
different to mine because as a Muslim or
as a person who believes in the
afterlife you're not just thinking about
what you're doing yeah you're thinking
your time frame is basically infinite
yeah your time frame is basically 60 to
80 years you know so the way you choose
to live is going to be very different
the way back to the way I choose to live
because I'm
trouble for some for my for my actions
to a higher being yeah crazy girl I yeah
I won't enter into physical relations in
relationship and a lot of you know a lot
of non-muslim inspire why did he do you
know why are you doing that to yourself
while you're doing your man and then
today's day and age you know either
you know you can see why people think
we're basically a little bit mental but
at the same time your belief is your
belief my is my belief and I think that
I will be answerable for certain things
and that's why I'm going to stop myself
from doing things which might lead to
which might have a negative impact on my
life yeah and I think as well people ask
those questions because we're always
taught do you think that everybody wants
the same things out of life
yes it's like why are you doing this and
why do you yes and I was like because I
don't want those there packing up and
it's that baseline it's like I really
thought about the questions before this
question so yeah yeah and it's more like
you always expect people to be on the
same kind of wavelength yeah and
everyone even like if I'm speaking to
another Muslim they might have a
completely different perspective to
certain things than I do
very good is there anything like
positively we can be like we have more
of these conversations can you stop
having these kind of conversations is
there anything
it's my general questions but in some
ways I know I know what you mean if
everyone could stop thinking that Muslim
women are oppressed I mean as a base yes
if everyone could you know understand
that we
we just said that like CC in the world
these especially as rights minister
great yes it's like women and mannered
you like would you say you believe
they're differently equal yes like
that's exactly it different but it
different folks different story you I
mean you have I mean I won't go into
like an Islamic debate about this but
again these talks that I go to on a
weekly basis they're really wonderful
but you know so many Muslims in fact
have forgotten about the base teachings
of our prophet and if we all led his
life his directed life I do think that
Muslims would be yeah a lot less yeah
can we just like can we just take it
back I had this sometimes this baby's
like preachers on the streets and it's
you're not like Muslim preach those
young people who like with Christian or
mentor you're not met that's not the
concept of them missionaries and
preaching is actually not really my
knowledge in there and also I should be
paraphrasing my shade to the point of
just changing what he said but um yeah
the idea of going out and changing like
forcing people to convert is actually
prohibited the idea of the idea in Islam
of them getting not getting someone to
convert garden the idea of Islamists you
invite people to Islam you don't say
this is right yeah that conversation the
conversation of infidel is just one that
no one should have without looking at
the literature yeah it's I mean I'm I'm
often surprised under ignorance within
the cultural community
the Muslim culture a culture in which
people are so are ready to call others
like non-believers yeah that kind of
language it's just yeah it's it's scary
it's scary and it's awful and it's wrong
yeah you are actually
you are actually like this in oh yeah
you think that we're reaching good but
actually what you're doing is bad my
shape obviously I quite yeah shake shake
it's a space not like butter like shit
about it
no no shaking you know I mean they call
Arab sheiks okay yeah but these shakes
are guys who and they connected to a
mosque or they like so we have like have
a minister yeah you look like a shake
for your moss okay and presumably but
then you know freelance shake he made a
very interesting point when it comes to
kind of discussion about religion and
talking about your religion and when
it's appropriate and when it's not
appropriate you know you just you just
don't pull someone off the street and
start saying actually what you're doing
is really wrong yeah you should be
wearing that yeah and it's like this is
not this is not appropriate Bay yeah you
know and he's made a very valid point
that actually aslam began in a mountain
solitude and in isolation so he said
it's all about you first and how you act
and how your thoughts develop and how
your spirituality develops he is like
once you've attained you know a
percentage of that then maybe people
maybe think about it but even then you
have to be really care
so yes so it's it's very interesting
debate to have you know about the
concept of kind of conversion and
telling people about the air religion
and I mean there are so many once you
said the more you the more you learn
about their religion the more you
actually understand your vision of your
initial vision of it was so skewed yeah
so so long yeah yeah so Sophia can't
it's not blood if you haven't heard is
out at home and it's amazing it's all my
favorite books it's very funny book
sounds like a show me I was like it was
all so funny but like that's what I'm
taking away from it really is when I
tell people how much canaries book don't
even worry about the rest which is like
it's just funny that's where you need it
did you I'm like this I think people
never like associate why it's not they
just think of stoning like like like
yeah honey but that's what I like and
did you have did you set out purposely
to write a funny but because of that was
huge fancy bright and funny but anyway I
didn't I didn't set out to write a funny
book it's one of those things where when
I when I got kind of Sophia's voice it
have turned out that she was funny yeah
you know whether that was intentional
whether that was unintentional it was
just her character and her voice and
once I started writing her happens I
guess it just came do you think that
some of the coverage around the book has
been too much about the Muslim part of
it and not about how it's been people
they think they want to talk about that
I think I was on them the Islamic I'm
totally a realist and I think that was
bound to happen
yeah I mean maybe you know in 20 maybe
maybe one day people will talk to me
about the process of being a writer or
not the process of being a Masood yes
maybe well I know that they might just
start asking you about the process being
a woman you know
it was it was completely to be expected
and but you know what in many ways I'm
just I'm glad because it just hopefully
normalizes yeah the idea of a woman who
lives in London and he practices her
faith she's not good freak of nature
yeah you know and I think that's that
was that's the main thing and I'm
perfectly happy to be asked but then
this little aspect of it yes why would I
you know why would I why would I call
something I miss limp we did joined in
the now before we do my talk about being
Muslim
yeah yeah absolutely thank you so much
by the book I'm just like it's like my
whole life yes I thank you so much cool
