hey kids see you again I'm doing book
reviews today because I haven't done
that in ages I did a poll on my Twitter
account just to kind of see what people
thought of my channel like whether it is
a booktube channel or if it's like a
normal normal sometimes I get asked to
be on like booktube panels and I'm like
can I even speak about that I haven't
spoken about books in ages so I'm gonna
speak about some books because I've read
about thirty this year and I haven't
read any of them these are all ones that
like coming out would just come out and
like what something I really like doing
is kind of reading ahead and seeing what
its gonna be new and like knowing in
advance of this something to be good so
that when you guys hear the hype on the
internet and you're like is that
actually real though you can maybe come
here and be like leaders already read
them don't worry I think they might be
good or even maybe not for now this
one's definitely already out it's called
treats and it's by Lara Williams and
this I don't usually like short story
collections but the publicist who
contacted me was so enthusiastic and
sold it to me so hard and so well and so
like genuinely that I was like I need to
I really want you to get on this so she
sent it to me and I took on holiday with
me if you're wondering how to write a
short story well I used to start
thinking side thinking genuinely it
wasn't possible this guy was so talented
if you're frustrated with people being
like this is how Millennials feel and
you're frustrated with like the the
current state of the dating scene I
think this to be honest I think in the
grand scale of humanity the dating scene
has always kind of been a bit of a state
I don't know if anybody else agrees like
at least we get a choice in there now um
anyway the current state of the dating
world this is one of the cleverest and
darkest commentaries on that I've read
in a very long time and I'll definitely
be rereading it my favorite one is
called dates and it's only a page and a
half long but I feel so attached to this
character and that is like absolute
skill I could you can't teach this dust
shadow over your eyelids arranged curls
that coil to your shoulders like the
swooping slip of a helter-skelter slide
select underwear consider curation of
triumph it goes on prepare conversation
topics little flashcards fix to your
mind consider how you might pitch
yourself maybe like a girly girl or one
who can you know fix a car perhaps
something more throaty more blutter or
something perhaps more germanic arrived
a little early
survey the restaurant the tables and the
chairs arranged the peculiar gridlock
like the series containing game shows
decide whether you were the contestant
or the host be polite and ask questions
ask lots of questions
ignore the prickle of pain when he says
he doesn't like skinny girls but this is
flattery
you are being flattered there are last
few lines are returned home flip open
your laptop microwave something to eat
take up space consider why you're even
trying to meet someone if you are
happiest when left alone and there's
loads of like tiny treats there just
treat is just it's just a treat for the
brain and it'd be perfect for commute
even though I would like kind of read it
in one sitting so I was so like oh it's
so rich and it's just so now we're gonna
glove today in your day and I I just
thought was superb I read anything that
woman right
and I wanted to talk about these two
together because I think it's really
interesting it's something that I'd like
to make a whole video on and maybe just
make a life out of or something is the
difference between literary and
commercial fiction because I don't
really know where that is anymore and I
was listening to a podcast that I will
link below I think school books on the
nightstand and it talks about what the
hell the difference is because I don't
know I don't know any like I like in
publishing I've like got an English
literature master's from like one of the
top universities in the country and I
bloody don't understand really like I
understand what I don't like understand
the real difference between commercial
and literary fiction like read like not
enough for it to be an excuse anyway so
I read these two books these these two
books and I found that we not as
different as the conventions of the book
shop or the book cover world would have
us believe I won't elaborate too much
here but this written by Anne Tyler and
Tyler has been shortlisted for I don't
know how many literary awards and
probably won some - this is part of the
hogarth series it's a series that
vintage of publishing and there will
retellings of Shakespeare story so it's
all very revered it's all very fine it's
the vintage is very like literary
imprint and it's it's very literary this
is Mari McFarland who's that girl it's
about girl who goes still wedding and
accidentally kisses the groom and then
gets extradited from our community and
goes and lives
in Nottingham where she's from my room
Fallon writes very commercial rom-coms
for the commercial sometimes so he would
say supermarket market although who if
it anyway I found the quality of writing
because this is so pared down and so
stripped down and this is so what some
would consider readable to be of like a
similar reading level completely like I
would happily and under any
circumstances we give somebody with the
same reading level both these books and
I'd be like you're gonna have no trouble
mate don't even worry about it
this is a retelling of what is
essentially a 15th century rom-com by
somebody who doesn't write rom-coms
that's fine I think Anne Tyler is a
brilliant writer and I really enjoyed
this it was gentle it was true to the
sense of the play and the play is very
like it's not a feminist play but Kate
the main character is a feminist
character it's not makes any sense and I
think that was a really good balance
that she struck there and she clearly
understands what Shakespeare was trying
to do and stayed really true to that
while also making it really readable and
funny
however Kate is the funniest woman or
one of the funniest women in the
literary canon especially you know that
thing that's accepted by men who wear
beige and teach literary sources and
this was funnier if you're gonna find
somebody to write the funniest character
in the Canon I would suggest maybe
getting margaret father on it because
she's a she's the funniest woman
she's the funniest woman and she's
clever about it as well and it kind of
breaks my heart to see these two things
on such different levels of the shop
when the wit is identical the writing
level on a kind of like the complex use
of words and allusions and phrases is
the same and you just sit there and you
read these back to back and you go
how are you so separate anyway I love
this I thought it's very good I don't
doesn't really make more to read anymore
and Tyler because I think what I loved
about it was the story and the plot
twists and the characters and well she
did a really really good adaptation and
I really enjoyed it and as a region to
read it it was it I don't know it wasn't
like memorable memorable but look at the
cover though however this um I'm doing
gonna do an author spotlight on Mara
McFarland as soon as I can but I just
wanted to tell you about this
because it just came out a few weeks ago
and I just think it's sensational for
somebody whose mind is very like fast to
wonder she kept my attention the whole
way through and not just through the
device of like oh yes I'm in the podcast
that I was trying to talk about earlier
basically they say that the difference
between literary fiction and commercial
fiction is that literary fiction the
journey of the character happens in the
mind we're done with commercial fiction
the journey of the character happens
outside so all of the interesting and
funny things are things that happen to
the character both happens here she has
a complex thought processes she's in a
very intelligent main character she's
not just wandering through the world
being like oh who's in love with me
today like she has existential
breakdowns but she's funny about it yes
there are some comedic things that
happen in the book she starts ghost
writing this autobiography for this guy
who is one of the main characters in
what is basically a game of Thrones but
not sages another kind of Game of
Thrones and she hates him and he hates
her and it's that you know visceral play
on hate and love and it's so so vivid
and so good and just so good and the
jokes were sharp really sharp and there
was so much on a page that you could
look at a page and go there are four
really clever allusions to emotions or
things that happening here that I have
never heard before and there's you know
there's this comparisons and the way you
use it like I read this which is
supposed to be like commercial fiction
and it completely like expanded my
vocabulary and it expanded my
imagination and you know the way I could
describe something because the main
character has such an imagination and is
so intelligent it's like giving me that
sense and I was looking objects I
described them like the main character
was describing them because you know I
don't know that was a reading coherent
but honest rant about what I thought
about history books and you were hearing
more from me about Myron fallin because
babe okay tossed along again because I
have a lot the thoughts they keep coming
they keep happening for me I'm I'll see
you very soon thanks for watching and I
will see you in maximum frog Smokeout
