it has come to my attention recently
that people think I do a lot I get a lot
of company if you just submerge you're
like how do you do it all and bowl of
blood and I'm like one the truth is I
don't do it all there are so many people
like that takes panic I haven't checked
my facebook messages in weeks sometimes
I completely check out of text messages
because I have too many and I can't
quite cope and on more than one occasion
I have forgotten to pay council tax and
been fined handsomely handsomely for
that and I welcome the government to
shake my tax gimmick I want I want to
pay more taxes but it was let's not
pretend it also does MA my
qualifications to personally say I'm an
amazing adult however I've always been
somebody who's doing lots and I've
always loved doing lots keeps away the
thoughts of existential dread during my
a level exams not my a levels in general
not my mock exams my actual a level
exams in the evenings I was playing mrs.
twit in the twit in a theater in Warwick
for paying customers every night now
I've been running this channel for about
seven years during my undergrad during
my Master's during jobs various jobs and
I work full-time at the moment and I'm
running a podcast ding and this YouTube
channel and I also run a podcast with my
friends Hannah and Lucy and I'm writing
some books but plural for some reason I
also ran an online patreon club called
the gumption Club which I do live stuff
around giveaways and meetups and live
streams and book clubs and those things
so if you don't want to do a lot I think
a lot of people have this shame when
they talk to me like I wish I did more
and I'm like do you do you do you wanna
do you want any more because you could
its main fitting me to have a disbelief
there people who don't do more just
could do more because some people
genuinely have boundaries and that's
totally fine in fact if you have too
many boundaries if you could share one
with me that would be great
there's a boundary deficit over here but
a lot of people I get a vibe from a lot
of people that they want to say that
they want to do more when actually they
don't really want to do more but there
are generally some people who are like I
wish I could fill the time outside of
work with more like stuff that excites
me the degree of success to which I
actually do this is questionable but and
also giving sound advice out on this
topic is problematic because it's also
situation in your personality however
however I have three points of champagne
so whatever there were happen the first
thing on the desk is now why you're
doing it why have a side hustle the most
important thing to know within yourself
even if you can't articulate it even if
isn't have words even if it changes
every day knowing why you do stuff
outside of your main thing most people
have the main thing whether that's
caring for somebody else studying to
learn something or turning up somewhere
and doing a specific task so people pay
you otherwise known as a job it's a
completely acceptable to be somebody who
goes to their job and comes home and
chills the reason I like having other
stuff I think it started at school
because I never felt like it could
really be myself at school or like act
out what I really believed about the
world in the school environment so I
spend a lot of time outside of that
pushing the boundaries but as I got
older I realized that it was always
going to be the way it was very likely
that I was always going to have a job
that wouldn't quite be what I wanted or
give me the creative freedom to to make
something I wanted to make to a certain
extent I think that's true and also to
aesthetics and I think that most people
will end up in those situations and
there's nothing wrong with that but
cultivating the ability to make what you
want to happen happen outside of those
35 40 hours a week makes it possible for
a lot more people to occupy themselves
or the things they love the side hustle
doesn't always have to be the side
hustle that becomes the main event a
side hustle is a variable side hustle in
itself I also think that doing stuff
outside of work is giving me a more
healthy attitude towards work I feel
like I deal with failure at work better
because Who I am at work and my role at
work isn't the be-all and end-all of who
I am or what my achievements are so if I
do something badly at work I can
generally recover from it better I think
or respond in a more mature way to it
because I literally have something going
on outside of work that defines me in a
different way and it suits me better for
example with YouTube with writing I can
always build on those skills I've been
building on those skills for a very long
time and nobody can take away those slow
pyramid steps that I've been building or
isn't a job you might start a new job
and be asked to do something that you've
never done before and you start right at
the bottom again which is really healthy
for your ego um but I feel like how does
it make sense
a lot of work I feel like I can respond
and have a more like healthy separation
from my work because I'm self-defining
outside of that bracket what saying is
it's awful when you have to work with
people who see themselves as their job
and therefore can't see themselves
critically or get too emotional when
things at work go wrong anyway number
two give up your in jokes well I mean by
this is there are gonna be things to
have to shift it's very important to
relax and have your downtime but
learning what your downtime is and what
you enjoy most and what actually
genuinely actors you is a really
important thing about growing up gonna
sell a bit judgey here I can't honestly
believe that the very few ways that most
people spend their free time relaxing is
genuinely relaxing and helping everybody
involved
for example Netflix stresses me out it
doesn't require any interaction with me
like YouTube or other creative pursuits
does it takes a lot of time investment
to get anywhere or get attached to any
characters and I never feel like I'm on
top of it there's literally a
never-ending stream of Netflix jargon
and in jokes to get and eventually I
realized that I wanted to get my own
jokes and I stopped feeling like I
should ever get around to watching Game
of Thrones if you want to do that then
that's great but orange is the new black
house of cards all these things that
yeah sound amazing but what sounds more
amazing is me getting to write or me
getting to read authors that I really
enjoy and games for hmmmm and then
getting to write that sounds more that's
a more enjoyable to me so I don't have a
Netflix subscription and when people
tell me to watch stuff on Netflix I have
to really really believe them the point
isn't we're talking Netflix the point is
there are certain levels of like I think
like cultural references you're supposed
to get and you have to acknowledge how
much time per week you put into getting
those cultural references or a friend
essentially essentially knowing what
people are talking about at the moment
I'm prioritizing trying to keep up with
what's happening in Parliament even
though that is in some way masochistic
at this point and I'm prioritizing
making some longer-term projects to put
on YouTube and launching podcast because
I want it and I don't want to tell
anyone why I'm spending my time in one
way and another
I think it's cool because often I'm the
person
for not knowing what the hell people are
talking about we're not having kept up
with something or having no idea one I
think in some way that helps you relate
to people in different weeks they get to
explain it to you and you get to go I
didn't know that about blah blah I think
in their explanation you get to hear a
more genuine version of who they are
rather than like waiting for your turn
to speak and tell them what you think
about this new character that's appeared
on this TV show of god-knows-where and
also it forces you to have bigger
conversations with people when you are
trying to go on with them what some
other party or meet them because you
can't just be like oh did you watch an
episode of love island last night oh yes
I did which is great I love a good
icebreaker I love a good common ground
but I find that now that I'm not chasing
those in jokes
I get to the real stuff faster and they
get to do while one in my spare time and
do my side hustle and achieve the thing
okay let's say a bit of advice with
which are probably clash of a lot of
people on and the third bit of advice
that I feel always true is don't plan
don't plan
don't you know people are like Oh get it
all done get all down you see just slice
your day in too many little splutters of
pearl and then allocate to parties for
this past in one pie that test that is
Who I am at work that is definitely Who
I am at work and that's what I want to
do what you are having outside of work
outside of this obligation when however
fun is and is is an affair you're having
an affair with your work or having a
cheeky little bit on side something you
shouldn't really be achieving or doing
and that's how I've got to be doing the
things I'm still doing in sustained is
because it feels naughty it feels rude
it feels like you shouldn't shouldn't
have taken on that project but I'm gonna
go and I'm gonna you know cheat on life
with it Elizabeth Gilbert talks about
having an affair with her writing and
having a naughty like booking herself a
naughty weekend away with her her book
and like I did a project where I did a
video every day in Lent 40 videos if you
haven't seen them and before that I got
that done with a full-time job with lots
of other stuff going on because I
shouldn't have been able to cheat or
should not been able to do it like it
was a little bit like oh good I couldn't
is this gonna work
and again we're getting into the sides
of my personality they're definitely
swinging to the negative but when people
go you need to slow down or if I think
you're cramming too much in or Lola that
is those crap
I'm conscious I'm like oh yeah too much
hey it's sayin you should not always
know your boundaries and not go too far
at the same time it's kind of fun to be
like oh should have been doing this
thing tonight but instead I'm gonna
write a poet
beware of filling your diary with no
spontaneous time at all if you love what
you're doing you will have a new head
what you need to get done next anyway
and you won't need to put it into this
Trunchbull style timetable I guess a lot
of it is knowing yourself and how your
personality reacts for things but and
that's how I got all of my University
work done was because I always know
which module was most urgent and cheat
on it with another module I'd be like ah
I see you tomorrow's deadline and I
raise you my dissertation that's due in
three years I hope that was helpful and
I that knows you need to do stuff in
your spare time too so if you do and let
me know your tips on how to sustain a
side hustle
I recently released the first episode of
my quad cast I'm not being funny birth
and everything went to 3 in the UK chart
and it was above Russell Brand for a
very long time and it wasn't in front of
these noteworthy and I was like ah so
thank you everybody who listened to that
and if you're interested in podcasts and
I will leave the links loading do you
aren't interested in podcasts pull your
finger right here on you can do a lot
again ok here's the thing I listen to a
lot of podcasts and I listen to a lot of
audiobooks and that's a really great way
to get characters and information and
experiences and and learn about the
world without having to sit in front of
a screen because you can do it when
you're walking places or you know
getting some fresh air or going to work
and or cleaning the house doing some
cooking like highly recommend that that
is the kind of if you want to get an
in-joke
get those kind of in jokes because also
I find I really prefer people that I
click with when I'm like have you
listened to which please the podcast and
they're like yes I always feel like
we've just desperately trying to find
common ground with people and seeing the
person and they're being like quick what
kind of common ground can I find with
them
but I also think it's helpful to have in
mind the kind of common ground you'd
like to meet somebody at for me mine are
political poetry and interesting the
Enneagram scale people who get keeping
up appearances jokes or Wanaka the glenn
jokes love it people who like puns then
spend more people kiss borscht and make
very nice fear very not feel see you I'm
gonna
we're gonna folks knock out gonna I
can't focus someone needs to get down
all my notice open legit all right you
think I'm tap it but I'm misdiagnosed
just all my socket I see no way apart
and I'm just trying to break
