hi my name is Lena and welcome to how
 up hi my name is Lena and welcome
to you how much your brain washed it hi
my name is inna and welcome to white
privilege hi my name is Lena and welcome
to an episode of how cruel is my makeup
back sliding into my DMS like a fuck-boy
you might think of me as the extremely
well-spoken British youtubers parents
loved her very much my hobbies involved
publishing predominantly with people as
privileged as me complaining about
London rent prices while still sitting
pretty and the 1% of most well paid
women in the world and as per this video
occasional bouts of guilt so as most
naturally selfish children do they grow
up and they meet better people than them
and they make friends of them and then
those friends start to make
uncomfortably clear and very well argued
videos about how baby testing our
products on animals is kind of
embarrassing in 2016 welcome to my
office today I'm going to use a website
called logical harmony which is ran by a
vegan called Tichina who must have the
gut of a goddess like this is the
longest I don't know how she does it she
has made what is known to be the most
comprehensive directory of genuine
companies don't test on animals now you
will know there's lots of people that
say on the back of their products I
don't test on animals that's because
they physically don't test on animals
there are companies that say on the back
for their products they don't test on
animals but a little symbols that I
always grew up thinking that out like
grown-ups had to legally or morally or
just like systemically tell the truth
and it's just not just not the case just
saying you don't test on animals in the
back of your product kind of is like
saying I only rent the room upstairs on
air bmp-2 the murderer who's skinning
the faces of two-year-olds I don't do it
myself
a lot of them do use products there are
tests on animals they just buy them in
and mix them together themselves now
it's 2016 it's a relatively cheap
process it's not a hard thing to do
essentially any company that still
testing on animals I've learned it's not
only a horrible person but also an awful
business person am i vegan no am ia
vegetarian no am i thinking about it
possibly an easier decision however
isn't what I put in to moderate my body
but why I put my face actually the most
trivial thing in the world that's enough
explaining you all agree with me anyway
let's go this is my red warning tape of
shame anyone who doesn't pass the tests
get some tape around them I don't want
to waste product so any product that
doesn't pass it at logical harmony index
test will get this
on them and then I will know it is a
temporary contract and I will not
replace that product and I will buy
something isn't test isn't isn't
testimonals isn't Tesla this is the
Urban Decay Naked palette I've been
using this for up for years it's kind of
getting a little bit grubby around the
edges Naked palette is to beauty
community as lady die is to Britain
she's beautiful she's flawless you can't
say anything
she's sacred don't even do sir Evan
decay is longer layers it should be
noted that they are cruelty free but
their parent company is not what do we
think about that I think it's gonna save
an out I should give it a Whoville oh
this is my Max Factor color adapt in
ivory some of the strangers colonial
branding over the heard of makes me feel
like a tusks horse isn't gonna go out of
it
ma X Max Factor you're on the list mate
you're getting taped I don't care if it
was anyone beer it's still above the
limit L'Oreal Paris false lash flutter
I'm pretty sure this is bad I bought it
because I was in a rush and apparently
not owning mascara is a massive
emergency and I had to emergency buy
this even though I know it's tested is
it tested yeah it's totally her smells
none for your Glenn Cocco this is
collection previously collection mm
popping up 14-year old makeup
likelihoods everywhere throughout
Britain collection cosmetics what
category is I in ah brands to avoid oh
gosh I thought they were okay I did
goodbye my almost lover I have loads of
Mac in here I have like a lipstick
obsession in second year vini I don't
want to talk about it I just add a lot
of like mug shots during that year
because I got so obsessed Mac brands to
avoid by the way brands to avoid this
what this means this could mean they
engage in testing themselves through
third party is required by law or use
ingredients they're tested on animals
brands will be added to this list if
they state that they are not verified or
check with their suppliers or affiliates
about animal testing Mack the Knife oh
this is what I want to know about so
I've always thought that soap and Oreos
cruelty free but before I really
understood all of the loopholes that
somebody can say their cruelty free and
then not be cruelty free so I don't
trust them anymore let's try it oh I
love soap and glory Oh
it so many companies with the words open
Monday what are you doing open Laurie
you're in the pending brands category
what's the funds even me don't be a
player okay we're in pending quote so
any pending runs pending brands these
are brands that logical harmonies
reached out to about their stance on
animal testing is waiting receive your
response or waiting with a brand to
finish completing the document okay so
from glory in the notes it says have
reached out multiple times but have not
received a response they do say on the
back of a lot of happy things are that
they don't believe in animal testing
well a belief isn't a promise is it and
so seven or if you're out there do you
don't you tell me two-faced this is the
glitter glue from two-faced I saved up
loads of money for this it was the best
things I went to me it's how I do get it
to my face can we do it oh is it
it's chronic Oh what is at the top of
this list I know it's on cruelty free
cruelty free now I bought this Kiko it's
a lip liner and I'm wearing it right now
and I bought this because gene at
bookish thought told me I was cruelty
free is she gonna come through for me
pending brands pending she says she's
reached out multiple times but has not
received a response that is a tough NASA
toughness tough cookie Jean never trust
Scottish people collection another
bastard one this is that concealer that
everybody uses is a caramel it's called
you know I'm talking about is this one
the one they're all paper like so on the
other words rub up all the time and
everyone Beatty carries like buy it the
irony here is that it says fair at the
end I don't think this is fair next on
the list
two very very recently purchased Rimmel
eye things friends to avoid I kind of
knew that I think I knew that true
leaked and other brands I'm like how do
I even own this you know you're also is
kind of like I don't know how this got
into my hands because I'm not rich
enough to brands to avoid doesn't matter
or Revlon okay I don't know what this
will say because I always thought the
Rev Run was cruelty free when I was any
and I was feeling that Sun and told me
they weren't I used to I used to love
Remos to be like I used to feel like
super classy was like anything I could
buy I felt like we are affordable yet
classy bronzer would brilliant screwed
me
but what it here is a stack of
illamasqua you'll notice this slightly
shaking because if Illamasqua doesn't
pass this test I don't know what I'm
gonna do you're gonna do really did miss
me but literally okay this cream blusher
in zygomatic oh my god
I'm on the pending brands they said they
haven't received a response I was I was
so sure I'm so sure we're gonna keep
this for that sounds pretty convinced
they are and I trust her because she's
Dutch and I made another reason
booga-booga-booga
have reached out multiple times have not
received a response I happen to customer
service in this digital age NARS
this is mine eyes can't see anything I
understand but look at it
I bought this like seven years ago it's
probably quite gross okay Naz is cruelty
free but their parent company is not I'm
gonna pass the test for now but let me
know what you think about that the only
people that come out of escaped free so
far have been two-faced which is weird
if you think about it thanks for joining
Leena and her morals on how cruel is
your makeup bag I will be getting rid of
all the stuff that's got tape around it
once I finish up so if you have any
suggestions of dupes for any of the
products I mentioned please leave them
below please and blackberry made a
really great video about cruelty free
and the so did loads of other people the
pinna mode is an amazing beauty channel
that my friends Marion and Sanne run
which is all about cruelty free products
and stuff I believe resources below you
leave me some resources below and then
we're all gonna be happy what do you
think about cruelty free products are
they that bad is embarrassing in this
age that we're doing it is it really our
fault probably not hmm
consumer responsibility is kind of a
thing and also if you see something bad
happening and it's relatively effortless
to change it like literally like in the
minor details like so petty that it's so
easy to change it it just it's just me
just your face then like not doing it is
just kind of embarrassing
hi my name is Lena and welcome to
another episode of how many blind eyes
can a white girl from Coventry have
hello my glasses
