oh hey it's time for that Q&A I promised
you sometimes I think about the fact
that some women can deliver babies like
whole humans faster than I can deliver a
video untouchable untouchable
my name is No first question how do you
deal with people who put you down
because of your single jump ah see lots
of you asked that so I made a video all
about it hey it's right here you can
click here mmm what'd you do in your
free time well what do you like to be
more this is my free time favorite poem
off my heart actually it's called two
cures for love by Wendy cope - cures for
love number one don't see him don't call
or write a letter number two the easy
way get to know him better hey Lena do
you think the sex education that your
school did a good enough job have you
ever caught feelings for a friend and if
so how did you deal with it my video but
is coming up if I could persuade my
friend to be in the video with me
because they're still really good
friends we got through it favorite
podcasts now I did a shout out in the
Sun they sit down and asked you guys
what your favorite podcasts were and
listen to some they're really great and
so I wanted to do like a whole video on
that but for now I would say - is my
friend charlie and some other really
cool peoples like new podcast about
feminism and stuff and the media and
it's great there is also which please
which is two women talking
philosophically about a Harry Potter and
sometimes coloring at the same time and
they just have such a laugh and they
swear a lot and they're so intelligent
it's like - my knees grow up got drunk
together and started talking and started
talking in a really matter way about
Hogwarts do you think bad books like I
don't know Fifty Shades of Grey or
Twilight itself okay because they make
people read only like Twilight and I
think we're in a habit of seeing books
and films as allegories now I don't
think we should see books and films
allegories I think they should just be
stories that could happen and those
things could have I mean the whole
vampire thing maybe not but like those
things could have
those people could and do exist and we
shouldn't use like we shouldn't have
this kind of really biblical approach to
art where we're like it must represent
the perfect ideal because that's not
it's not that's not what we do in here
but it's not the plan of literature
however if we create a society where we
teach our children to think about books
and films in that way and then we turn
out to many of those like abusive
relationship narratives then we have to
kind of be careful about the balance
herb I think we should all ask ourselves
a question what the fuck is literature
it's a question I ask myself every day
and I work in publishing top tips for
someone wanting to make videos how do
you come up with the style you create
favorite oh okay
I don't know do I have a style does
anybody think you have a style if if I
do have a style could somebody like
blurb that for me in the comments that'd
be great I don't really plan my videos I
I don't I don't know if it's clear from
the absolute pebble - way I edit or put
up stuff I guess like if I was gonna
have a style I would just like like my
style for my videos to be perceived as I
really mean every video I make like I
really mean it if I said people making
videos is do that just actually mean it
that seems to be what people watch and
when people like put down Zarrella and
stuff and I'm like yeah but she actually
means it and she actually genuinely is
kind can you say the same for creators
who is more than her maybe not maybe if
you would just respond to her kindness
but she's just bloody cut like you can't
not anyway what's your biggest pet peeve
at the moment it's newspapers writing
about Millennials like that's an actual
term and then talking about as loads but
then thinking that their jobs are
genuinely gonna be around in 20 years if
they keep doing that because somehow
they don't really understand how economy
works and who's gonna focus in to buy
their newspapers anyway I really hate
this culture of YouTube where women make
videos about losing weight and they're
being really kind of intentional but in
their thumbnails they put pictures of
their bellies and like they talk really
trickling me about how disgusted they
were about their bodies before they
started losing weight and they share
their weights and their Heights and they
like get really visceral about it when
I'm just like this is literally what
triggers and causes the eating disorders
they don't descend and now I know
they're trying to be kind and stuff but
just when you're just like be calm
in your body but I was really disgusted
with mine I found it really disgusting
whether I was specifically this way like
what are you doing do you miss a Burris
with yes a lot all the time which
character is most like you I really
don't know there's a really great web
series called shitty boyfriends on
refinery29
I'd like to become a bit like that
character she's such a twat if I really
recommend I don't know you guys tell me
in the comments who you think what my
characters like cuz I never really know
where can I meet nice guys in London
where are they hiding behind the surfers
do you think feminism is a left-wing
idea can you be a conservative and a
feminist I don't think the extreme left
and the extreme right are properly
represented in British politics I'm not
talking about the practicals of general
elections right now I'm talking about
the general idea of being a conservative
and conservative political behavior if
you think that women equal to men and
gender is a construct but you can't then
jump to the conclusion that classes a
construct and opportunity as a construct
GDP and the way we use money is a
completely sustainable and sensible way
that we should all be living to me
that's something that doesn't quite make
sense to me and but I completely
understand why those people vote
conservative at the moment because let's
be real like no like we don't really
well we don't really have like a
properly left-wing high this is getting
really serious anyway how do you choose
between two possible career options both
of which you think you will enjoy but
one being beneficial to other people and
the other being a more selfish choice
if you find something you enjoy and you
think it's immoral like it's actually
like wrong find a way to change the
industry or that profession or that
hobby and make it moral if your career
is doing something you enjoy but you
don't think it's hurting anybody but you
don't really think it's helping anybody
I think if you really enjoy it and you
become a better person and it gives you
the time to do other stuff and love
people then like the world will change
you'll be a happy person and you'll pass
on happiness to your children and like
that's like a great thing and also the
economy works in this really complicated
way where some people will be doing
things that don't look that moral but do
keep the whole thing spinning around pay
taxes if you're doing it pay taxes also
there's a lot of people who want to do
something that's really unselfish and
like looks good from the outside and
looks like it'd be a really good thing
but they find really exhausting it
doesn't fit with their personality then
it will give them stress and anxiety or
depression and sadness and they will
pass that on to the other people that
they bump into in the world that's not
really great either also I think
wandering around being like I am doing
something that changes the world might
hinder your interactions with other
people at parties so make sure that you
enjoy it and make sure you like mic mode
my best friend Rob works with people who
addicted to drugs like I said job to
work to the NHS and she works people
addicted to drugs and she doesn't go to
PI's or go to me and go I did a really
good job say I think I've really changed
in the world she's just like hilarious
day at work today quite enjoyed it it
was a massive challenge loads of people
showered of me but somehow I just felt
really satisfied by it and I'm like
that's the kind of other jobs you would
like to do sometime in your life I'm a
creative producer at the moment at
publishing house in the middle of London
that's pretty freaking cool and so I
really like that and I'd also maybe like
to run a publishing house one day I'd
like to pay be paid to write things I
would like to run a radio show I would
like to be paid to travel and do things
and produce and I would like to run a
pub and poor people pipes and hear about
their lives yep best and worst things
about living alone I don't live alone
now but I did live alone for like a year
in a bit best thing coming home after a
really long day cooking a fryer
while running a bath eating the fry up
in the bath getting out the bath washing
the plate from the fryer
in the bath draining the bath worst
thing was if you forget to pay your gas
bill you've just forgotten to pay your
gas bill and you know if any gas thanks
for sending in your questions I feel
thoroughly questioned if you'd like to
subscribe to see videos that may or may
not be similar to this in any way click
to subscribe
