so this is a story all about how I put
up a QA and everybody asked me what like
to be single and then somebody suggested
I do a whole video on it and I was like
huh seems a little bit more personal and
then I thought actually what are we
doing here if we're not being intrusive
in each other's lives what is even the
point of YouTube I might as well write
really distancing guardian comments free
article about about the general topic of
singledom but nowhere on YouTube it's a
platform where we get personal so I've
taken two of I think were the best
phrased questions about being single and
I'm gonna answer them for you and now
you guys know that I've had this channel
for like wow quite a long time and
you've seen me you've seen various
stages of my personal life go on the
background I like to think that the
foreground is filled with like thoughts
and ideas and sometimes new screeching
with the ukulele and but I never really
hide the background for me there's
always like I let you know what job I'm
doing and I let you know who I'm dating
and I don't really like make videos
themed on those things but I let you
know the context from where I'm speaking
from and so long story short the none of
us have time to tell again and we didn't
really tell them much in the first place
I used to be engaged and I was in a
relationship for nearly six years and I
broke up that relationship that
relationship was terminated about two
years ago no amount of tumblr research
will let you know why because I've never
put any of that online but that's not
really the relevant part I think the ROS
event part is that I have now been
single for two years very exciting I'd
been in a pretty serious long-term
relationship since I was about 18 and at
23 I was just rubbing headlights like
what was going on so I made loads of
videos about being single which was a
ride her any part of the healing process
is dyeing my hair blonde and then pink
that was great there wasn't it that was
I think I think of all of the externship
breakdowns to have I don't think pink
hair is the worst one actually I think
it's pretty premium anyway so
I've got two questions here picked out
two questions I think our phrase the
best about this I think encompass what
all of you guys were trying to ask me
but first one is from Instagram it says
this is a little personal and forgive me
if you find it too intrusive spoiler
alert I didn't find it intrusive here we
are how's life as a single after having
had a long-term partner do your career
and friends compensate
is a single independent lifestyle
fulfilling in London or lonely I think
whether you're going to be lonely
outside of a relationship really isn't
something you can premeditate and decide
on before you're out for the
relationship and it was definitely like
a fear of mine I was going to be lonely
and I am quite like an independent like
I feel like most of my thoughts and most
of my like I've probably said before but
like I like I'm very gobby and I'm not
really afraid of speaking to large
amounts of people or in public but I'm
largely I think quite introverted and a
lot of what goes on in my geographical
emotional landscape happens in here and
a lot of my energy is spent trying to
explain that does that make any sense I
felt it's a lot of what happens to me
and the way I remember years and things
is because of the thoughts process I was
going through not because of the things
that were happening to me and so that
was a signal for me that I was probably
gonna be okay on my own because one I
made the decision to break up with
somebody on my own oh yeah there was one
question that was on Twitter and it was
like what what how do you know if you
should break up with somebody and like
my answer to that in my personal life is
like you should break up with somebody
if you started worrying about how to
break up with somebody how and when you
should break up with somebody and if you
should break up with somebody rather
than more predominantly worrying about
how we're going to make this work
because you know you have to be this
person but you're worried about how it's
gonna happen so if you're kind of just
like should I or shouldn't I rather than
the like worrying about the process of
how you're going to stay with this
person that you love then it's probably
like you're on the road like a now that
was that's my experience anyway and the
other part of that question is does your
career and do your friends compensate
that is that's a really hard question to
answer
because when you say compensates like
compensate for what compensate for what
is missing and so if you've been in a
relationship that isn't very fulfilling
or one way you don't feel supported or
one that takes more energy than it gives
you then there's like very little to
compensate for I think there are like
default benefits that come
having like a really great partner which
in some ways I really did one is
continuity and so while I am surrounded
by lots of really really supportive
amazing people that the key phrase there
is lots of and there's never really a
reason for me to pick some people over
other people some people have like
geographical proximity to me so I see
them all the time some people have like
a historical connection to me so it's
really great to talk to them because
they know my backstory there's people
who I just find this like really
creative connection with and I get
really excited around them and I feel
like I know them really well because we
have very similar views on life and but
I haven't got that in one person they're
not like geographically close to me and
really on the same level as me and all
of my my history and yeah you do miss
that like being compartmentalised in one
person and because it like takes a lot
less energy to think I've got a problem
who should I go to so when I'm looking
for that compensation and part of the
energy and part of a different cognitive
thought process that happens is that I
have to go I need to be compensated for
having like another significant other in
my life where do I find that
compensation and it's just more of like
a logistical thing sometimes and because
obviously I do have loads of amazing
friends and I'm really lucky in that
respect but it is def is different does
my career compensate for my relationship
that's a really weird way of thinking
about things but I understand why you do
it's kinda like the thing that the Devil
Wears Prada tackles and like this like
Canon idea of like the girl who has
everything or like oh she's not married
because she has a career and that's like
kind of a gendered thing sometimes it's
that but as you know maybe it's not you
tell me in the comments but I feel like
it's this thing of like she either has a
relationship or she has a career and if
she doesn't have a relationship then her
career must be fulfilling things and
it's like we're humans we have both of
those things in our lives and one can be
going really badly and one can be going
really well and like unless both things
going really well it doesn't really make
a very happy person so I don't think
that my career could replace a
relationship just like a relationship
can never replace a career so I can
never really give up a career for a
person you should never really give up a
person for a career like they're just
different just different sections like
one of these lunch boxes where there's
like rice in one side and then all the
sloppy stuff on the other side and it's
going to be a great meal but you can't
the divider otherwise everything's
getting and mush together and soggy this
is harder video to make than I thought
having said that having said that I
think I do have a lot more energy for my
career so especially if you with
somebody who had to worry about a lot or
somebody who like I don't know when you
love some you want to spend other time
at them but it meant that I have because
I'm an introvert I guess I have less
energy to spend on like working on my
own project and working on my own stuff
and I guess like I don't know there are
lots of like couple goals people who
seem to like great things together or
give each other energy to create things
and but in my personal life I've
definitely found a lot more like
resources in myself to like do my own
projects and some of that has turned
into careers some of that is still
project but right now I'm not like bored
enough to get into a relationship
because I'm entertaining myself so much
in my free time like I can just
literally sit there and take myself in
my head it's so great um if you want
today me have to be more interesting
than me which is really hard because I
find myself so interesting it's
exhausting it's really nice as is
horrible I'm such a twat and okay and
the other question that I thought kind
of summed up what you guys wrote and
asked me was how do you deal when all of
your friends are in relationships and
you're single um that's like my whole
life I think I can't it the other day I
think have like two single friends and
that's considering I probably have like
30 to 40 like people that I would
consider like friends in my like
peripheral vision that's like not very
much partly because a Christian
background partly because of West
Midlands background partly just because
everyone's really super happy at the
moment and I think that's really great
like somebody else is in a relationship
right that's their situation when you
feel like you have to cope with their
situation and cope is the word you use
it's because either that situation is
like impinging on what you're trying to
do or you're making a comparison so I
always try and check myself with is kind
of almost like Manic Pixie dream
relationship relationship in their
relationship because I think I do that I
go like kind of like make it a curiosity
and I look at it and I'm like oh my
friend is so happy there with this
person that's so great or and I start to
believe in a very like frenzied amped up
cool version of their relationship
rather than what
relationship probably actually isn't
something that is like great and also
probably awful at times and it's both
and that's fine and they've chosen it
but because you want to believe the best
for your friends and you want to believe
that their lives are perfect because
that helps me sleep at night and
thinking that all of my friends are
really happy gives me really good sleep
patterns so I like to believe that
that's the case but it's not all I know
that I know from being in a long-term
relationship that is not always like
that and so once I start distancing
myself from that Manic Pixie dream
relationship shrimping of my friends I
stop comparing them as much like check
my jealousy for I do struggle is when I
when other people take what they have as
how do I say this nicely though if they
take what they have as something that
you also have so like remember when
people think that you have this
emotional backup that you don't and
that's okay is the choice I've made but
I think um you have to talk to your
friends really openly about the fact
that they might be acting in a way that
makes being in a relationship the
default lifestyle um I don't really know
how to unpack that with going into
specifics and I don't think I really
need to because if you heard what I just
said and thought that you could relate
it to something in your life and you'll
get it and if you if that sounded
completely alien to you then you know
roblem you're cool um but yet it's just
kind of realizing it's realizing why
jealousy arises and sometimes it's
because they are comparing their lives
to yours or you're comparing your life
to theirs or they're expecting you to do
things or have things that you don't and
you've chosen not to but there are
consequences for that also we should all
be trying to work towards a world where
people can be single and it's not weird
and there are like certain like um they
all do you get the certain like levels
like levels like it getting like levels
up of society you can get to or social
circles you can access when you are in a
relationship and that's weird
Oh or can / am I making any sense
for me I think like good things about
being single is that sometimes if I have
a problem it doesn't get solved straight
away because I don't just get to go to
somebody and hug them if you like is
everything gonna be okay could I have a
kiss and like that's a really cool thing
that you get from being in a
relationship but there's this like
delayed thing where my problems don't
get solved and I have to sit with them
for a very long time and fester and
sometimes I get myself in a massive
tangle and have to talk myself out of
things or talk myself into things and
it's like circular and it's long because
it's only you but you kind of sometimes
get to the same place that you would
anyway and also when I do ask for advice
I find that I'm getting advice on my
life from different perspectives and
sometimes experts so for instance I was
thinking about starting a business today
and I rang my friend who has started a
business he started a business like two
years ago and asking all of advice about
it whereas if I was in a relationship I
might just like turn to my partner who
may not know anything about business and
be like you think I didn't start a
business and they're like yeah why not I
love you you're great that access to
like praise isn't always like it's a
good thing that I had that and now I
don't and I have the comparison and
sometimes it's annoying because I have
to explain the whole back story to a
situation multiple times to get and but
what I get back is multiple perspectives
on a problem or multiple perspectives on
a plan and that kind of makes my plans
or my like problems more
multi-dimensional and mix helps me solve
them in a better way I think sometimes
depends it's weird because when I was in
relation there are always really good
things about me in a relationship but
the end of the day I'm not in one and
it'd be weird for me to orchestrate
being in one and I can't really bring
myself to logically think that you have
to wait to be in one to keep functioning
or keep creating because that's just not
how history's happened so just kind of
gone with it and it's been absolutely
fab and right
now there's another voice remember the
advice has the word vice in it so yeah
