h-hey
thanks for coming into the stupid studio
this is a stupid studio with some stupid
lights
I've been psyching myself up to be
really stupid in the other room so I'd
like flushed out one of my knowledge
behind the eyes yeah hey you are
different to me first there were a lot
of ways yeah we're both white we have
women yeah both feminists yeah I both
took literature degree
we both did literature degrees we both
worked in retail yeah so our souls are
like basically only half there now but
we're different in a lot of ways like
where do we my only thing that I'm not
privileged in is the fact that I am a
woman like that especially everything
else and straight privilege is something
that I have only become aware of I'm
gonna be honest like in the last like
maybe two to three years it's like I'm
slow on the uptake and I've shaved off
with her I've had a nose ring I wear Doc
Martens and people assume that I am a
vegetarian I don't also like not
straight and ice washed out with people
all the time like I like willies and
meat um so yeah that segues nice rate
I'm doing look how would you identify
yourself um if you on the days that you
choose surrendered on the day so I
didn't even have to it's not like I'm
not like obligated toward it to myself
but I guess like most the time I would
call myself a lesbian or a gay woman or
a queer woman or a woman who loves other
women there anyway so you wouldn't like
to get identified um Jenna it always
depends on like the context of who's
saying it yeah because like this like
you know sometimes like if it's coming
from my friends or something then it's
totally fine but then there are some
words that I'm like if that's coming
from a stranger listen he doesn't know
me very well I wouldn't call myself a
dark necessarily and I something funny
sometimes I make jokes that like require
me to dive into the dye situation but um
but I think it's one of those things or
it's like if someone else was calling me
that I'd probably feel kind of
uncomfortable information so it's kind
of like on the border there's no words
that like only
okay mm-hmm
because there's a website queer so I did
queer fiction at university yeah I was
one of my modules and I remember coming
home to Coventry and people were like I
was like what you studying in a mohawk
we're fiction and they're like in an
academic context yes like queering the
norm
it just means differing from the norm
yeah one of my essays is about like what
we will call queer in 40 years
like as somebody who identifies as quit
do you want to have to identify as queer
forever like surely the only reason we
have to identify as queer is because
people have a normal that they I see
yeah I feel like part of the reason that
being queer is even considered queer is
like because of Petra normativity mm-hm
so it's like because you were seen as
deviating from the norm then you are
queer but I think there is sort of like
the sense of community and camaraderie
that comes from deviating from the norm
that you don't get when you're part of
the normal yeah so like I kind of like
that sort of like subversive resistant
aspect of identifying a square I'm not
sure if I want to like be able to like
you know have a completely perfect 2.5
kids white yeah it's like because it's
like if it's not welcoming to me now or
do I want it to be something that's
welcoming to me in the future yeah and
it's not something that's like ever off
the cards people because people
associate heteronormativity with certain
styles of life and study their ways of
living like I don't really want to point
five children a dog that sounds horrific
but I do really like men and like no
correlation yeah but is it nice
sometimes that people don't because so
if people know that you're queer they
don't automatically assume those things
of you I think like maybe different
expectations of what you want in your
life like people are more like like
likely to ask me do you want to get
married then like what are you guys I
think yes like when people are going
through but usually I turned up to my
old church this this Christmas hmm and
like somebody came up to me and they
were like not married yet then leader
was like oh good so I guess like so are
you gonna go travelling if you were a
lesbian like oh my god you must a
well-coached do you want to be a Space
Age
when I do like when people like probably
married it's by people to oversee if I'm
straight hmm so like it's like people
don't generally ask those questions
once they yeah they're like that's
interesting so what what are the worst
things that I could say to you I'm sure
there are things I'm thinking my head
stuff that I would never say to you I
know that people do I mean what am i God
you even have said oh my god my
co-workers recently it was like lesbian
thanks let's mean sex isn't real right
tickle I feel like especially but like
this men a lot of the time it's like
you're having sex that doesn't involve a
penis therefore that sex is not real sex
more like because your sex involves like
the same acts that they would do maybe
they're nice yeah but they would
consider that foreplay and not sex
hmm then they like sort of like demahjay
to my zit and say look that's not real
sex yeah cuz I guess this is just
occurred to me but that's because I
receive it like this whole like base
system especially I think I learned
about the base system from American
films like I don't think it was like
glitched I think it was originally a UK
sorry America you keep making commentary
but like it's so different like I only
learned about like first base second
base from America and TV programs but
that whole it's like a nun George
Nicholson makeup at kissing scales yeah
like that's all yeah oh god and but it's
that thing of like there are certain
stages to intimacy and yeah I can only
qualify and so if you're queer then you
can't qualify for the final stage and
you're not that you're not invited back
to the next round like Crystal Maze it's
like go home the other team got it
you're gone what straight men are asking
I'm like I feel so sorry for your
girlfriend that you don't know what
you're like what is she what she what
she experiencing and you're like
intimate regions cause like if you can't
think of another way to have sex that
isn't like repeatedly jabbing a penis
then maybe you feel mine is fun to move
on they're like oh see use toys use
equipment you use other things that's
like that's the possibility yeah some
people do yeah just like that's not the
primary sex yes it's not like there is
no penis
how to replace a penis yeah and I was
like we didn't say the rules ever gonna
be even the shadow of me that's kind of
like you know like he could be a lesbian
energy having sex with someone who has a
penis like that's also totally again but
you probably wouldn't necessarily be
having sex in the same ways yeah like a
straight couple would you another thing
when men are asking that kind of stuff
do you also find if they don't have a
girlfriend and they're asking like do
you find it's a little bit fetishizing
yeah like they wanna know like no I
can't picture it describe it to me do I
mean like ya know slower it's like
whenever I see like couples mainly
straight couples let's be real I'm doing
the public displays of affection
I'm not just making out in a public
place I'm like that's nice that you can
do that because it's like my experiences
like you've been intimate with people in
public places have generally entered in
like having my picture taken or like you
know things like that
it's like and then and then straightly
will be like well why it's like it for
the 21st century everyone can be like
intimate in public homophobia is over
and I'm like no feel like well let you
know when it's over don't be a moat
memos turned around so I grew up in
quite religious background and it wasn't
I was never ever taught to like be
abusive to people who were gay well like
it just wasn't something ever occurred
to me that could be a thing but
generally or it was that I didn't know
what to say so when I did become a lot
more educated and like ventured outside
of my circles and learnt but a lots more
stuff and like life happens to you in
yeah and I was like so worried about
showing people that I was okay with it
like over em you I mean like like you
know gay right when every why'd it work
while I would never take pictures of
strangers kissing in the street you can
see how the thought process is like I'm
gonna show you I support this so I'm
gonna like yeah weirdly take your
privacy and I put it on the Internet
but there's also a thing of like a few
people with tweeting being like oh this
again football holding hands tweet and
it's more about who they are right yeah
who you it's like driving my back on how
I'm such a good person I'm so tolerant
I'm gonna tweet all these pictures of it
yeah yeah no I totally know what you
mean I also think a lot of the time
because like obviously like as someone
who's gay and also women it's like I
always experience like homophobia and
misogyny at the same time
so it's like you know like um obviously
like I have like a lot of camaraderie
and shared experiences with with
straight women and with gay men but like
they don't experience both these things
yeah and sometimes they can be wrapped
into one comment yeah I can't even begin
to appear so it's like lots of time like
like when you have these experiences
that's homophobia and sexual harassment
together it's all like oh like you know
let me know if you want to get a man
involved or like you know whatever it's
like so I know the question I have is as
somebody who like so say I took queer
fiction at University and read those
books and like wanted to quietly learn
about it so I didn't have to go and ask
people did you I mean I was like all of
this literature is already out there I'm
just gonna read that yeah I've been just
a front people in the street you know
mean so but then sometimes they're
worried I don't want to tweet too much
like like so you know like the thing
where it and people make their profile
pictures rainbow on oh yes now I didn't
do that not because I'm not but because
I was like I think I think it's it
should be so assumed that it's fine yeah
I don't really want to make this big and
it's also worried that my friends that
were get a or work with it would think
that I was trying to own it yeah you
know I mean cuz I think a profile pitch
is a really personal thing how do you
feel about people who might like it it's
like your profile pictures like your
public face on the Internet yeah like
their partners in their profile picture
and it's like it was really weird seeing
pictures of like straight couples with a
rainbow filter over their not unlike
with people showing support online do
you think there's different ways that
you're like that's okay
that's a bit cringy parenting I think
it's like you know that's obviously like
a difference between people that are
like being supportive being good allies
being there for their friends and people
that are like out to prove something
about yourselves and I think that's the
time people think they're doing one
thing and actually doing the other thing
especially like when it comes down like
pride please and stuff and feel like
let's ask a bunch of street people go to
privatise know is that it's not okay I
don't know because I've never been to
one and I'm like should I get
I mean I what yeah it's like you could
go if you were with people that you know
oh LGB or tea that would be great but
like I feel like straight people going
by themselves or in a group with other
straight people it's like why are you
there but anyway I think the gays tm4
right party like yeah so much glitter
and I just like cats are gonna get so
yeah I don't know it's like in the
context of wanting to be part of a
community but then if you don't have any
friends again and maybe that see what
maybe you should go
poison your friendship yeah like going
like widen your horizons just going like
socializing some different environments
basically I want to like support but I
don't want to take over the conversation
and it's like how you know like how can
you possibly never get entry I make that
house like how to like lend your voice
in a way that's like amplifying other
people's voices rather than like
speaking over but I like ha you know I
guess I'm doing it off my god next topic
world peace do you know what sorry
problem so I've read a lot of books
about people who are gay yeah like I
don't even see the problem is like we
have to see them as people who know a
gay because like there's so few of the
mountain there that you think when I'm
grouping books into categories I'm like
oh these are all the gay books but
that's not like I don't see something
also like though when I'm watching like
book content on YouTube like I'll see
someone's like oh they've been reviewing
a lot of queer fiction recently I'm like
are you seeking out representation that
you can't find elsewhere or like that's
what these books basically I think part
of it is that people have an education
in they're like oh being gay is fine but
they leave out the education about
gender isn't really a thing yeah so like
people get confused and they still want
to put so like when you're like so my
friends just got married and they were
like which one's wearing the suit and
they're like neither of us are wearing a
suit every were like just happens to not
be our person yeah I think it's like a
human thing where you want to sort
things like people have like massive
like tidying fetishes as people and they
want to be like you're a you're this
kind of person and put you in this box
yeah cuz I I think I don't know you tell
me but like I think that I love like the
general like off the internet like the
Internet's better but like the
traditional media the conversations have
been around being gay or straight and
not being somewhere in between yeah and
also like not having enough talk about
how gender isn't the things that you
shouldn't be somebody's gender with
their sexuality because they're
completely different yeah it's like they
can be combined and like lots of
different ways yeah like mismatched
socks or something yeah so do you think
like like traditional media's getting
better
I just think it's getting worse I don't
know like I think it's like like in
terms of representation in traditionally
it's like it's like it's oh man yeah and
like I find lots of time like even
things that are quite have quite broad
mainstream appeal like something like
our engineer backplate loads of people
watch that straight people watch that
I'm like while you're watching this
what's your motivation to be parser
edited by Christmas TV show yeah it's
still like you know some of those things
that's like my initial reason for
getting invested in it was obviously
like there are gay women in this show
yeah um and it's like obviously I've
never been in prison well not obviously
but like I've never been in prison so
that's not exactly like relatable
circumstance yes but it's just the fact
it's like it has to be in this like
strange situation for like we have to
get make a weird situation where loads
of women can exist together because they
can just be doing that in the world
because I think that's great
representation but it's also like they
just made like a world in which there
literally are no men and then unless
they're in every way predatory yeah like
controlling weight you know it's like I
love the show but it's also like I wish
that there was shows with such great
diverse interesting female casts like
out in the wider world yeah and also I
think it's weird like with people's
obsession with orogeny blood cuz I watch
the first two seasons and I thought was
very good and got a bit boring after a
while I stopped watching it and it's
like he's also just like people are
fascinated by this idea of the evil
woman so I've watched a lot like it's
like the stuff with and what's the name
I've forgotten a name and she did the
music video and she like washed all her
first stuff off Ramiro's yeah yeah so I
watched like parts of those things where
she's been featured and it's this thing
of like because we see the main
character turn turn on her and yeah very
evil like people are so obsessed with
seeing a woman being evil and I think
it's also like people just want to keep
watching it because it's almost like
it's like watching a car crash because
yeah all of these women it's like we're
evil and you're like yeah because not
all people are good like women like
especially like in media you don't get
to be like anti-heroes and that sort of
things yeah but like most people watch
Breaking Bad and they loved Walter White
right he's allowed to hear it he's like
not good I don't know why do you want to
talk about
I hate that show he's not good yeah
loved him yeah woman does pretty much
the same kind of things and people and
people con people would like to say if
you think like and with Breaking Bad if
there was a woman protagonist there's
literally nothing else different about
him yeah like what people watch it I
can't be dealing with the whole like
tortured tortured man by a fucking
whizzers goes on I'm Junior through men
it's a really boring premise let me
write about the teapot I don't know I
feel like most people watch it they're
like this is so new and I'm like have
you read any of the canon this is all
we've heard about just like over white
men in there white man angst I kind of
do wanna watch shows about myself in a
sentence like I think I'm like seeking
out representation I love ya like it's
like have you found it anywhere have I
found it yeah have you found
representation under observation I think
it's amazing so it was like mmm
everything that's available is not very
good lesbian movie is a notoriously bad
like just like you know watch them but
then we all joke about like there's a
terrible film yeah
and then I'm like lesbian fiction is
notoriously sad most like some deaths
happening like they fall in love and
everything's good they're not both gonna
make it out alive you're like oh you
understand each other and you have a
deep meaningful connection this is bad
where are the axes something like
revolution Bria they like each other at
least stay together I'm like everyone
seems pretty okay it's also one of these
things looks like in a magical mean you
have you seen The Kids Are Alright as
well no okay well the kids were all
right it's like a lesbian movie like
Julianne Moore and Annette Bening are a
couple they are married like you know
and then for some reason Julianne Moore
Spence most of the movie having sex with
Mark Ruffalo and I'm like it's awesome
the idea but yeah this is on the end
goal this is great and all but like what
happened like how did a man end up with
diverting the whole way yeah and also
it's a I've now I'm tempted because
we're talking about like popular
cultures
want to go through lesbians films I've
seen a bit up what do you think of that
watch think but I was about to go what
you think of blue is the warmest color
and I'm like why don't why do people
always go to black what do you think of
booze I haven't like I must cut like oh
oh
does it annoy you when people who are
straight come up to you and ask you if
you've seen X Y & Z like it's all like
pop and feminists do we listen ya know I
think there are these sort of like um my
people have this idea in their head of
like what a lesbian looks like and
they're a cat person who wears dungarees
oh yeah thanks man
yeah um people do have this like
preconceived idea of what they think a
lesbian looks like they might have like
a few different versions of it like
construed around the same yeah and
basically most the time it means like a
woman who is not true typically
attractive to men because like that's
most of most of what these stereotypes
boil down to it yeah you're not seeking
male approval and there's nobody for so
you're like unattractive but then
obviously like that's not the case
actually when I got a pixie cut I was
really like oh I'm gonna go as like
people gonna be like boy I'm gonna get
loads of like oh you're a lesbian and I
was like I don't care if anybody thinks
but they're all like not see this is a
big thing like no you go there were
straight girls all the time I like I
want to cut my hair short like you're
really brave someone flirts with you and
you're not interested in them you just
feel like the very flattered like no
like I said but when I cut mine like
people would ask me more if I was and I
was like but why you know you know I did
that ever like across your mind when
you're cutting your hex you were like oh
I know I'm like I think for me like a
haircut made me feel way less invisible
like okay that's interesting because
like I think like there is this whole
thing of like them invisible itty and
it's like if you're like a gay woman who
presents more feminine ly like people
just don't ever assume okay and like
even though I have short hair people
people don't know yeah like and it's
weird because like my friends and suffer
no y'all the gayest I got obviously gay
and it's like you know like in the
general like heterosexual pub like
they're not making that assumption
they're not like yeah cuz I think as
well like sometimes this kind of
education and people talking especially
about feminism talking more that's right
about it and talking more complexity
about it I mean like let's have six wave
feminism why not like I feel like
sometimes when I'm on the internet and
I'm hanging around with other people
I've mailed me Internet other people in
my like great like socialite London life
they've kind of moving on without all
these other people watching TV and like
maybe like seeing things and a lot more
kind of black and white kind of way no I
think it's one of those things it's like
especially like the whole experience of
me graduating from University and then
going into like a work environment that
was surrounded by people that like just
didn't have like the same basic life
yeah I know if like you know like just
things that like everyone else I knew
accepted to be true and it was just like
one of those things from like oh yeah
people do still say pointless because
you get them yeah still like jerks and
like terrible but you'd like the fact
that they are like these ingrained views
and like not everyone knows that like
gender isn't too binary but yes like not
everyone like knows that sexuality isn't
either and it's like you know like it's
just that my co-workers so to me about
like you know a sexual zone real do
people often like ask for your
coming-out story
yeah like the first thing I like when
did you know a people always like a
relationship with your parents like yeah
like I was somebody who like always
dated like damaging men people don't
then go so when did you know you're
attracted to damaging men like what's
your relationship with your father like
I'd be like no obviously I don't date
haven't you met I don't mean anyway
identify single relating to men okay my
kids like so obviously I have two ways
to relate men I'm like sexually or as a
friend and I usually have two very fast
I have to sort them into one category or
the other otherwise things get messy
yeah and so with you obviously like men
and mainly just friends - yeah if do you
think they relate to you differently I
don't know it's like I don't know where
no because I don't like like you know
I've had men be like oh yeah
considerable time because I think I'm
like way more upfront they just like
they want it's like have you been
following me on Twitter you know like
yeah anyway is it I think also lots
I'm like because you know I am a
feminist I have a lesbian people just
assume that like men don't factor into
my life in any way at all and that
wouldn't be healthy that would be sad
like obviously my life is much more
centered around women and like most of
my really close friends are women and
like obviously my relationships in my
happening with women and so then like
and you know I have the sister so like
most of the important relationships in
my life completely not in my life yeah
you know it like a razor like do you
think that it's sometimes easier emotion
needs to be in a relationship with a
girl or is that like really hard to say
because we like depends on the girl yeah
like like I think like like sometimes
like straight girls will be like man
that's so hard like I just was a lesbian
it'll be so much easier cause like our
experiences are being friends with women
and how that can be easy to what a
bigger relationship with a woman would
be like and obviously like a friendship
in a relationship on necessarily the
yeah thing like you know it could be but
lots of the time it's completely
different and it's completely doing like
dynamics and intimacy issues and yeah
and I think you know obviously like it's
a person-by-person thing how easy it is
to be in a relationship with somebody
yeah like sometimes I think it might be
easier to be in a relationship with a
man just because like like somehow less
emotionally cop possibly it's quite
peaceful sometimes they just don't speak
about their feelings ever and you're
like ah you do identify spam oh can I
can you explain because I kind of
learned this in my quite fiction thing
but I didn't know till then so I was
like 20 whenever I knew what yeah butch
was and all this kind of way I'm
currently actually reading um stone
butch blues because like I just in my
cupboard isn't no it's okay it's like
yeah yeah it's out of programs a
nightmare but it's an amazing book yeah
it's like it's not like important and so
like but like in in the lesbian Canon
I'm like so angry that it's not properly
in print and available every
yeah a bit live in Dubai and I'm gonna
start publishing house and republish it
but so much news is a really good book
yeah it's a really good book but not
very well yeah which is what they say
that's what I'm currently reading and I
think it's really interesting because
like even though I still think there is
sort of these like definite aesthetic
distinctions that exist um like this so
enforced in that book it's like oh yeah
like which is only deep everyone is love
yeah absolutely it's set in the 60s in
America and there and like it's about
like lesbian cultures and transgender
culture yeah but what's interesting is
because they're still operating on a
heteronormative level there are like the
femme lesbians and then there's the
butch lesbians and like - butch lesbians
date each other and in the book like
Leslie's like what the whole brain
explode like in a car and she's like oh
I think it's one of those things it's
like I think it is like a false
dichotomy is that where the word comes
from no polity of the word dyke like I
think like people want people to exist
unlike the same gender presentation
continuum that they're used to yeah like
from like more masculine to more
feminine and that not to be like how
everyone operates but obviously that
isn't how everyone operates hmm I'm like
I think like I think the thing is it's
like when you are more feminine there's
obviously less visibility that comes
with that which is like you know you
experience the world differently and
when you are more masculine there is
more visibility a hyper visibility which
means you experience the world
differently
I mean of those things is intrinsically
better or well because I suppose like
you experience it as a fairly
experienced more privileged because like
people don't go oh like people don't see
yes the evil people can't identify you
easily and then bully yeah but at the
same time yeah yeah it's like both of
those things are hard and yeah it means
you're the harassment you experience the
difference between Don whether people
are willing to sexualize you also do you
think that is that why you identifies
them those things like I don't know if
I'd ever be like I'm femme like just
like straight up like them but like
like oh like my Twitter bio is as lazy
firm like shitty bad sometimes I can't
people like do this stuff um or like um
I think like there's a lot of posts that
say like hard femme and I'm like yeah
that's what the resonates with me
because it's like my femininity isn't
like a soft femininity but it's like can
you explain hard hard feminine soft them
cuz I've never heard that I'm sorry I
don't know if they soften but it's like
hard form is defecating and people say
like - as well it was in like someone
who's like no it means just like someone
who's presented femininity in like a
typical way that like a mystery but I
feel like because I like what's my
friends was like I've never seen you my
trousers come on I don't my trousers or
like um like I wear makeup every day
because this is I kind of like it yeah
um and we used to it now we're used to
the oppression we're actually kind of
enjoying it so it's fine I'll just roll
them on even thicker people make
repellent um you do Frida yeah they
really period a I think it's one of
these things it's like I feel
comfortable within femininity and it's a
lot of how I express my identity and how
I feel about my identity but then also I
feel like it's not a femininity that's
designed to necessarily be sexualized or
sexually appealing towards men like it's
not actually feminine and Sheba's
catering to the males so it's more like
it's more very hard to like it so it's
not like a sexy femininity but there are
different stages where you feel like as
a girl you when you're a child and
you're dressing as a girl you just carry
on dressing as a girl yeah and at some
point you're expected to sexualize the
way you dress as a girl yeah it's not to
be a girl and it's different kind of so
you think it's more like Chucky where
you cat yeah I'm going to place the
child firmer but that'll be weird to say
we don't i think what's the time two
things I do gravitate towards awesome
help like a bit more childlike because
men are less likely to sexualize it yeah
view on some levels oh my god my mind
it's something so rude you didn't like
like the history of us being culture
that like it's all it's not something
that is able to be separated from that
yeah oh hey I think here's a question
when you um started identifying it's gay
yeah did you feel like you're inheriting
a whole history because when I started
like identifying the feminist I was like
now I have to learn about all the
history otherwise people do know and
it's like a pressure to be like so do
you know all of the writings of like
Allison Beck yeah like they're entirely
I think the govern was it fun home yeah
love our home the music was also so good
she wrote a series of comics called a
big book of oh but she's laughing
herself but then I know that I can it's
like it's like Kate beat beaten for
lesbians um no it's one of those things
where um yeah I think you feel like
you're inheriting this whole history and
this is poem it's called something like
of an uneducated queer or something
slam poem and she's holding a phone yeah
and it's just like I don't know why
identifies this thing but I don't have
to educate myself in it yeah identify it
as i'll link it here is me i mean it's a
really good poem and like the bit what
she's like talking about how um she only
read like Judith Butler and Foucault
because people like left the house and
she will just like seem impressive and
stuff but I'm like yeah
like you know I read those things cuz I
had to for like closest I was taking
yeah I can't imagine like you know
Trouble Man
yeah like like you know I read that book
so many times so chill don't necessarily
completely understand dude yeah Jesus
like ten words when she needs a few -
but wait isn't a necessary human she
added to the Canon it was really helpful
I don't know how she moved us on quo
my dissertation so many times still not
sure have any reference and everyone was
like save I'm pretty sure things are
worse before you wrote this and then
they got better thanks
thanks dude but then you don't always
have to understand like it's important
to research how we've got to this point
but you don't have to understand it to
benefit from what they've done and
they're not necessarily doing it so that
people they learn about you know like my
friends and I um like sometimes we'll be
talking to people that are outside of
like Oh social niche I guess like oh I
guess like France Mike from university
so I might know them from like feminism
or stuff so they're like women who like
women who are interested in activism and
yeah kind of media and stuff like that
and so occasionally we all like venture
over and talk to like sporty lesbians
women who like women who are interested
in activism and yeah I have a media and
stuff like that so occasionally we all
like venture over and talk to like
sporty like Mean Girls but they're very
nice it's like it's like I'm gonna talk
to the sporty spices to relate to
someone who plays women's rugby or
something like yeah a job is a thing
right yeah okay roller derby I want to
play roller derby that would be fun I
wanted to play roller derby and then
everyone's like Denise and like bash and
I was like I mean maybe maybe it's like
one of those things it's like these
girls they're like you know you have the
being gay thing in common so you think
oh like maybe they'll have the same some
of the same cultural reference points as
me but because obviously like I'm like
me and my friends I've had the
conversation and lots of times like
these guys okay I didn't know anything
about gay stuff they're like who's Tegan
and Sara
Mike how did you survive like your
suburban lesbian like that like without
like three sports through small like
Netflix or spoiled
if them got you through yeah but but
they still did you don't mean they're
still astounded yeah they're still
completely a solid but it's always
things I'm like we don't have the same
cultural reference points like I don't
know it's like really interesting it's
like you're completely different from me
yeah I don't I don't get it so like did
you think like you're like the femme
stuff also it comes from like because
they wouldn't identify as like butch
no like I think that like the whole like
interest in like femme but like I'm like
I'm not interested in like lesbians I in
general like I like like looking up old
gay so I think it's interesting um and I
think it's funny but it's like one of
these things it's like you have to sort
of have an interest in like the history
and the culture and like where that's
going to necessarily be that part of how
you're gonna form your identity hmm so I
think for a lot of people it's not a
part of how they form their identity but
I think you know when you're in that
kind of person he feels like oh my god
I've inherited this whole history I have
to like learn about it then you sort of
take that on and it becomes part of how
you see yourself and how you then go on
to perceive yeah everything yeah in the
wider context yeah and I think it's
interesting cuz it is a culture hmm and
the rock that kids like say Tegan and
Sara like there is music attached to
people's idea of being gay and they're
like there's colors and there's like you
know I mean the rest of us but it's not
it's not a culture that you inherit
genetically yeah so is like whose is it
where does it you know and do you have
to own it no not really no it's not but
everyone into it I have two friends that
they went on there and they went on
their first date and they both had a
really long conversation about the
l-word neither of them had ever seen it
so but they both thought they had to
prove that they knew about me I worked
in like yeah that character they're like
oh yeah Shane she's really bad I should
look like like that about Sex in the
City like a genuine have not watched
that much of it but I've managed to
carry conversations cuz I'm like
sometimes I feel like a carrier then
sometimes I miss the man I don't know
what that means I maybe seem like one of
the fellow that's like this pressure
that they thought what they had to be
able to talk about the l-word even
though he's never seen it because like
like today
not really gay yeah so do you have you
ever had friends that have identified as
gay and then decided that they weren't
and then how did your other friends
react to that so like this you know
because it's a culture yes not liking
the same music and then somebody's like
actually I'm gonna go and marry a man
just like how are there any problems
with kind of culture I think like
obviously like sexuality is fluid is one
of those things that can change like
yeah it's thoroughly committed to like
one label for life
and it's like you don't even necessarily
commit it to a label at all like it's
like does a word to help you understand
yourself and do you find comfort in it
and go to otherwise like you don't
necessarily need it but like um I
definitely like hard friends or like I
myself you know you like to progress
through different stages being like this
is where I'm at with the whole sexuality
thing and like you use different words
to define yourself at different periods
of time and I have had friends have been
like I'm gay definitely 100% guy and
then what no probably boy okay that's
fine that's fine that's the world you
can either listen to straight music now
though like what are you gonna do I'm
gonna kick you out it's like obviously
the whole coming-out process and stuff
involves a lot of self-evaluation and
realizing a lot of things about yourself
um
I'm not like and you've probably done a
lot of thinking about it that you're
probably not gonna completely revert on
like you might it's possible it happens
but like once you've gone through that
whole process like yeah you're gonna
stop like do you ever think that maybe
you just don't like as do you think
they'll ever be a point I'm all about
like it's like apocalyptic sexuality
when people just don't have to identify
at all and I just like I don't see
gender
well like you don't see gender but like
I said you know it's all these things
because obviously like people's genders
are important to them like that's an
important part of how they don't advise
them to be like I don't need knowledge
or genders like I don't think that's a
big part of your psyche are we talking
about with Jen in the last episode and
people like I didn't see your disability
or your deformity I don't know yet it's
invisible to me like that's not a
generous thing to say that's kind of
ignorant yeah so the same but then I
don't know I guess if you've like
started thinking of women as a
possibility of something that you might
be attracted to you then you can't just
like reverse that possibility for all
women yeah because then you just be
seeing women as what am I but it's so
like you know it's entirely the
possibility
that maybe you were just trapped into
that one person that one time yeah it's
like it's all exist on a spectrum it's
all on a continuum like you're not
obligated to be in one place for the
whole thing maybe by the time you is
there anything like that you would like
to say to people it's like either I
don't or adieu
oh good action points the action point
also like so I've asked you all these
questions but that's because we're doing
it in the premise of this yeah like do
you fight like do you would you
encourage people to go and ask people
these questions they finish no okay good
I'm glad you guys this has been a
horrific experience really has been like
emotionally harassing me for 40 minutes
no this was allowed it's a special
circumstances yeah but like you yeah you
don't advise people just go in us no I
think like what's the time I'm like well
I'd rather people ask me questions
because then at least I mean they're not
continuing yeah that's right their own
ignorance I don't necessarily want to be
put in the position where I'm obligated
to answer those questions yes I was like
I don't owe you my coming out story
I don't owe you the information about
what genders I've slept with in the past
do you do this I'm like well like why do
history why are you not are you my
doctor how we ever slept for the blonde
man like nobody's ever I dunno I mean
that's like ballina have you ever slept
to the blonde man I haven't but if there
are any Blanca men sometimes I am
nervous by asking these questions we
should really glad this why I got to but
like I think there's so much material
out there - yes well you don't have to
there are people who have poured their
lives into writing essays about this
stuff mmm and writing songs about this
Ephram right and like writing amazing
films about the stuff yeah like there's
so much to do before you have to just
randomly walk up to people in there yeah
it's like don't assume people's
sexuality like just don't assume people
are straight until I proven otherwise
yeah like that's a good starting point
so briefly I was just go in the world
and not assume anybody is any sexuality
at all yeah at some point it might be
appropriate to ask yeah maybe because I
know you're about to meet somebody in a
social context that is extremely
religious and I need to know now whether
you're gay or not so like in my towel
Jeremy let that stop and it's
laughs nothing happening yeah or like
maybe I'm again I want to sleep you know
I don't know if you're gay maybe you're
going up maybe maybe there we go or you
know I just somethings about to happen
where it's relevant yeah what anyway I
don't wanna make way is there a good way
to ask um oh god I'll sit what's the
time it's just like sexual situations
you're in make it obvious which is good
that's nice
or like lots of time people bring that
information out without you having to
ask are they most the time I'll tell
people rather than have them asked me
some of these things that comes up in
conversation or I make a joke and then
I'm like oh you didn't get that was
funny it was funny because I'm gay now
you've got a joke and the information
about my sexuality Merry Christmas
um it's one of those things where like
lots of time fun turning off someone
else like it's easier if you know a
person in a relationship because you'll
be like I also tell me a bit about your
partner because I'm like them just like
divulge the gender at some point um but
it's one of those things that is sort of
hard and awkward to ask but like I've
never found it hard to find out or
awkward and I've been told because most
the time like it's been at the right
tempo yeah I'm so it's just one of those
things where it's like it is okay to be
just like someone like so what kind of
people are you interested in or like you
know yeah but then it's yeah not rather
than just being like are you gay yeah
are you gay though okay are you so I
guess if like you're trying to into it
or we were trying to find a way and
people aren't dropping in and you're
like they probably not comfortable with
telling you that's not my doing and
that's all the time like if you're
someone like if you're in a position
money like you you're interested in
someone if you've been forthright about
your own sexuality lots of time people
be like oh yeah me too like you know
yeah see yes so I have another
confession to make so sometimes I think
that maybe people have been doing this
to me and I don't realize because I'm
not gay
yeah people will be dropping bits of
conversation ah but I am me and my
partner because I just call people
partners sometimes it's like and I don't
realize maybe even likely never ask and
I'm like oh me more I've like had things
where I've got on it like on to date
I'll be making friends
I really like guys I think they're all
fucking cool yeah like that's care for a
Jake and I'm like pretty good let's get
Rick next week and I'm like that sounds
great and your friends like the third
time somebody's like they're really into
you and I'm like what but then I'm like
a relief I just thought we were going to
splurge okay is that almost they like I
need you with me where I is that should
occur to me earlier my legs that's the
only way like I only I can only respond
to like like bodily harassment that's
how I know somebody's interested that's
why when i touching you you yeah yeah no
consensual touching so yeah um is there
any way I could have avoided that
probably I cannot allegedly never so
innocent it never occurred to me like it
to some big you estate situation like
you're pretty certain if it's a date
like if like the kissing happens or
something like yeah that's why I mean so
my question this is the key was like
yeah like a you want to less confusing
for anyone like yes yes it's just a
generally confusing situation anyway I
think I just felt a bit ignorant because
they literally hadn't occurred to me I
was like that shock that's like what I
just might drink suppose I like drinking
I don't think we'll so because I hang
out with girls a lot in like one to one
context
yeah with yeah no I think that's not
like that like a go for a drink on our
own I might work or Sugano drink yeah
things like girls talk so fast that
having more than three girls and a R is
really hard to maintain conversation oh
fuck like fast loud talker like yeah no
I think it's one of those things as well
because I'm like one-to-one
socialization with lots of people is
this explicitly romantic thing words I
don't think of it as I don't hang out
with my best pal one-on-one and yeah
like all the time
yeah that sounds like LGBTQ q WT LGBTQ
LGBTQI I did super cute there's lots
more letters I'm aware there are a lot
of leftist yeah my Charlie go for like
an lgbtq+ or lgbtq+ or lgbtqia+
if I'm being excessive but I think
lgbtq+ does for like most situations
because also it doesn't necessarily like
like you know it's like plus like
everyone else who's not in one of those
four letters in yeah also included but
it doesn't necessarily long people with
like this low that they might not be
comfortable reclaiming so I think yeah
like it's like you know I'm happy with
queer but I don't want to assume that
everyone else in my community is happy
with queer that's right so would you
prefer LGBT when you're speaking like if
you're using it I use mostly time LGBTQ
what I really don't like is when I hear
people say GLBT because it's like just
for one time or mine the other day I'm
like they have to have their section for
like gender and sexuality fiction if
called GLBT Jeep GLBT and I'm like why
should I bring a screech up right here
this is still up yeah FiOS it was
becoming so many letters that like like
like can we make a word out of it okay
I'm getting like a quilt bag it's queer
questioning
I've got what the you stands for unisex
it's question lady tantrum is
questioning yeah because if you're
uncertain about your sexuality that you
identified but you haven't identified
yet you are in the process of
identifying oh yes because it's like you
don't want spaces to be close to people
who are like figuring themselves oh yeah
okay that makes sense so yeah so but you
know you can be like yeah I might be
baby yeah you can like figure it out
with my school is good I've never heard
that yeah me think of like quilt bag is
one way people make it into a work yes a
grant a smile quilt bags and um I think
that like what's the time when people
are like let's make a new acronym it
sort of doesn't help in any meaningful
way yeah it's like that did not advance
us in any that was not a good
contribution yeah it's like how I don't
know it's also like making it a lasting
thing like sometimes I don't want to
make too many
my hobbies or take many more interest
around feminism as I want it to go away
like another would never go away but
like after a while I'm just like I don't
want it to be a hobby of mine because
I'm trying to eradicate it maybe it's
like yeah I wanted fully describe my
tree oh I'm not gonna put like a bin on
like feminist rallies and done feminist
marches I don't enjoy them I don't think
they should be there I mean they're
because I'm absolutely enraged like
Janome a-- like it's not i people make
it enjoyable for me but I still don't I
don't think I should to have to spend
really hard would he get to the point
though when like activism becomes your
hobby
yeah this is like this is not fun like
this is my hobby but it's not really
thinking why your own oppression all the
time yeah that's weird
yeah anyway I don't know I don't know
why I'm making the point that's what
it's like man why I got my own hobbies
what if I just want a quill okay maybe
goodbye coming out the sleeping bag
anyway Leamas losing it thanks for
coming on the channel a thank you on
Twitter
yeah yeah to becoming a stupid now
amazing okay bit less stupid you still
didn't know you would have every right
to the girl but the proofs in the
pudding yeah read into that what you
will thank you for joining us with
stupid questions arena enjoy being a
little bit less stupid
here are some other episodes of things
we've done we did Jen when talk about
deformity and we did we did Jen and now
and we also did just like who sing about
being a gay man done
so much shorter than you I can see it
can you see this happening like we're
first in a fire Raul don't boom straight
cutting down um
