hello welcome but just as my frog today
on the show but I just I feel silly
doing this I feel like come on blue
feature also good hello welcome back to
Blue Peter today on the show tortoises
will die use toilet rolls will be made
less useful and you watch a failed
gymnast attempt to be a monkey trainer
welcome back today we're going to be
talking films by writing now when I was
doing that I remember back in November I
was like looking to procrastinate in a
healthy way so he's looking for films
about writing here are some of the most
helpful note I didn't say best most
helpful ones I found all of the films I
think maybe not strange in the fiction
but all the other ones pretty short
reading fiction anyway are available on
Netflix not spawn I pay my $5.99 a month
alright
the first one is an indie film it was
partially funded by an IndieGoGo
campaign don't you know it's called not
another happy ending and it came out in
2012 and it features somebody you might
know as Amy Pond also a very hot
Frenchman that IMDB is telling me is
called Stanley Weber by love this film
the first time I watched it wasn't sure
but after the fourth time I watched it I
just got really addicted to it like I
stopped I I like finished it was like
mundo know and just like started
watching it again in the same sitting
and then I just kept watching it I was
like this is actually really brilliant
so it's an indie film as a producer
there are parts of it that I'm like oh
that was cut a bit clumsy all that bit
was awkward but in general is
beautifully shot and if you like good
interiors and Scotland and Edinburgh
and a beautiful rough acoustic
soundtrack with some bagpipes thrown in
you'll blow to you off this film it's
about a woman who wrote a book and it
did really well and now she's trying to
write the second book and her publisher
hot french man and has a very like
Beatrice and Benedict relationship with
her like they hate each other
historically and he's trying to get to
finish this novel and she starts getting
writer's block she goes the toilets and
this woman warts past and she's like
nice lipstick initially isn't the woman
and she's like I know you and she's like
yeah I'm a character in your book and a
character from her book starts visiting
her it creates its own world it creates
its own
and it's magical realism with some witty
banter and kind of much ado about
nothing issue the next one and this is
what I mention an organ is the rewrite
yes Hugh Grant having a midlife crisis
once again this time in a university as
a failed script writer who wrote one
really good film that everybody knows
and is now working at a university to
pay the bills and teach screenwriting if
you're interested in screenwriting it's
really cool if you're interested in
watching Hugh Grant have yet another
midlife crisis like go for it
there's there's some incredibly
questionable like scenes and there's and
it's not it's not in a trickery kind of
way just to know like why is he sleeping
with a student again and like he is just
he's just being a dick again but it's an
interesting concept behind how you
create stories and how what you're
remembered for I think the film has a
sense of humor about Hugh Grant playing
that same character and kind of like
prods him a bit and and like plays with
him in a different way
so there's a part in the film where he's
like trying to get this script off the
ground and trying to get agents to look
at it and they're like we're not looking
for that right now we're looking for a
strong kick-ass female character and
he's like I don't want to write a strong
kick-ass female character and they're
like well that's the only thing that's
selling right now and that's like
laughing at the industry as well because
it's kind of patronizing to be like oh
and but yeah anyway there's some
interesting parts of it and if you're
like into Hugh Grant as I kind of am in
this like really like weird hate way
then you'll you'll love it the third one
is authors Anonymous this is about a
dysfunctional writing group and it's
shot in a documentary style which makes
it super interesting and also really
slows down the pace so it kind of can
get boring at the same time it's really
weird
basically the catalyst is that there's
this character called Hannah and who is
Kayleigh kochu kochu kochu Calderon from
the Big Bang Theory there's lots of
eccentrics in the group but she is one
of the nice she's one of the kinda ones
and what happens is that you watch this
slow breakdown of the group when Hannah
the nice one
who everybody thinks is kind of stupid
but they support anyway because she's
nice gets a book deal and she is the
only person to get a book deal and she
gets her book published and then she
sells the film rights and everyone's
like as
if we thought you were the stupid one
and she kind of omits that she's never
read crack at you in the Rhine she
doesn't really read books at all and
it's um they're struggling with her like
success of this big commercial book
while they're trying to write their big
magnum opus like theory as meditated
Hemingway masterpiece and then also just
watching somebody else just get
published and be like maybe I just want
to be published watch all of their slow
demise into madness after this
revelation and it contributed to my ever
like continuous in a monologue about
commercial fiction versus literary
fiction and what the difference is and
what the merits are and why we think
they're in competition in any way and
why they both have a place in the world
what we think being an author is and
generally ego because we all have one
especially bow up and create so yeah I
would recommend it even though I'm like
it could be better
and then lastly one that you all should
have heard of but one of my favorite
films of all time stranger than fiction
Queen Latifah Will Ferrell Emma Thompson
and Maggie I could just watch them in a
room in silence and for an hour and a
half and be really happy like this is
one of the best films about writing
fiction that I've ever seen it's so
intelligent it's basically about
structuralism about death of the author
it's about structuralism it's about how
we treat fiction it's about everything
and it's just it's just one of the
classics no no no no no just describe it
two story lines emma thompson is a
tortured borderline suicidal absolutely
unhinged writer and her most recent
novel she's struggling to finish queen
latifah has been assigned to make her
write that novel other side of the story
will ferrell is the most boring person
you will ever meet in your life counts
how many times he brushes his teeth in
the morning and one day something very
strange happens and it's borrow some
interest different way of living and he
meets Mikey Gyllenhaal who's this like
tattooed revolutionary feminist woman
who's like who are you boring twat Will
Ferrell I'm not going to give it away
but I'm it transpires that their lives
are linked in this very very strange way
okay I'm crying I'm not crying but I
work right if I think any more about it
it's got amazing pacing an amazing
script an amazing soundtrack a really
clever way of making things a bit
different a bit design II almost the
film's a bit design II I'd say well your
favourite films about writing let me
know in the comments below I hope you
enjoyed those and I will see you in my
next one
first my gap
