last time you're on the channel we took
my different book yes and have longer
hair what happened I wove it into the
new book this book is entirely made
today how does that feel it feels like I
always imagined the day that it's coming
out is the day that I'm giving birth to
it's all through the day I've been kind
of like returning to push babies you had
to name this book what happened why is
it called manifest the reason I've
written it is because once you've
thought of the words of Moroni Festo you
realized that we have to do is write
your manifesto and have the name captain
Moroni be your own name so that was it
so once I came up the word Moroni Festo
I had to write like that way around
yes exactly there's so many themes in
this book and there's so much to talk
about softly it's like little articles
so you've covered quite a lot but I
wanted to talk about privilege in
particular just because I think it hits
on a lot of different spots and I found
some of this definite really interesting
my favorite was probably the benefit
streets essay so I wanted to ask you
what you define privilege as and if you
have any 35% fingers right yes so what
percent are you privileged uh well I
mean just I mean if you are born as a
straight white able-bodied person in a
first of all culture country then you've
won the lottery zero 0.1 percent of the
lucky people and if and then on top of
that you managed to earn money from do
your job that you love which means that
you've got some kind of public profile
and you're famous enough to be able to
get a table that's a restaurant if you
say that you're bringing someone more
famous than you with you then you know
that's it you make yeah I'm basically
the queen of fucking I am you know I'm
done done done the epitome of privilege
absolutely but I still recognize that
that's you know the background that I
came from was not privileged most the
people that I know most my family still
are not privileged and there are people
who were far more privileged than me and
the key thing is this I'm just brought
up to believe that sort of like you rich
poor posh people privileged people were
evil and that they were aware that they
were lucky and that everything was
fantastic and they were deliberately
trying to grow in down the poor that was
my dad made me very good and I didn't
know what they doing they've got a place
turns out they're pretty blissfully
ignorant itchy whenever they see the
face of a peasant they want to tread on
it they see it as a substitute for
welcome that's what they do and it's not
that the dog is now I moved in
privileged circles you know I know
cabinet ministers I've met Prime
Minister's I've been shunned by by David
Cameron surprisingly well he wasn't to
me that was the thing about him he
deliberately shunned me at a cocktail
party and I was like very broody turned
his back on me no it's like the whole
point of being posh and go to these
schools is you're supposed to sort of
treat me in a kind of but the thing
about that so the portions are
privileged or not evil
they are blind instead and that's a
completely different thing because if
you've lived a life with no fear you've
never had that thing of the next mad
bill that comes through the door means
that my electricity will be cut off
you know if I if I lose my benefits now
that's it I won't have a home I don't
know where I'll sleep soon I you know if
if my shoes wear out I won't be able to
afford new shoes if I didn't if my coat
wears out I can't afford to buy a new
coat my life will not progress I'm on
the edge then if you've never had that
you can't imagine it and it's like
having when babies are born they covered
in this stuff called off and called
lanugo which is like this kind of light
so I'm very thin down your phone it gets
rubbed off with body-contact and that's
what it's like to be privileged never
had that rubbed off because nothing's
ever rubbed up against you you've never
known that fear yeah nothing can ever
get that bad for you even if all of
society goes to hell in a handcart used
to got your house you still got some
wine in the salad maybe burger and
hominy of that year when society goes to
hell in a handcart for people who were
not privileged then that's it they're on
the front lines there's it's the streets
that will be rioted in they're the ones
that do not have anywhere to their bare
the ones who will not eat those are the
ones who will suffer the difference as
you write opinion columns yes do you see
this book and your columns as a way to
do the rubbing and you personally look
at a professional robot I gather the
hard hand of reality on the beautiful
because I often I often check my own
privilege all the time because I've read
and I've got my own articles to be
actually about hi
aware of it be like Oh God maybe I'm
privileged Oh God don't do anything
don't leave the house until you've
checked and but how did you go about
maybe suggesting to other people well
this is the good do with identity is it
once you know you're privileged you have
to reassess yourself and nobody wants
nobody feels like you've got the time
well so many think everybody likes to
feel they're a bit under the cosh you
know kind of like you know I've you know
when you see those interviews with kind
of like it girls or Kardashian's and
they're going oh my god I'm just so flat
out right now and then they run through
what their days it's like yeah we woke
up I went up my trainer for two hours
then I had smoothie then I went in
paddleboard in the sea for a bit that I
had a meeting about my fashion line then
I took the dog for a walk then I had a
meeting about my yeah it's like sorry if
you've got to until I go and do yoga mr.
your personal trainer and take your dog
for a walk and paddleboard in the sea
that's not a packed day yeah but if you
know you try living on a Wolverhampton
cancel the states and finding out
there's a secondhand washing machine and
kanuk that you can have and working out
how because you don't have a car you can
bring it back on public transport ie a
bus with a toddler in tow you know
that'sthat's a stressful day and through
your position as somebody who grew up on
benefits and it's writing about now yes
obviously you've been quite successful
and you're you're kind of sitting in
that privilege yes how do you deal with
people who say oh you can't write about
that because you're now privileged yeah
or is it more of an information memory
thing that you've had that experience
what doesn't look back into well first
of all my other great things about
humans is we have imaginations and we're
imperfect so you don't actually have to
have gone through an experience to be
able to talk about it but you just need
to be aware of it to be able to imagine
it to acknowledge these things they're
just being aware of stuff but secondly
there's this whole thing you know I
often would get people going name and
you can't say that your working class
anymore because you're successful and
you earn money and you know you have
this sort of like public platform and
the thing is if you're saying that that
basically if the middle classes co-op to
you if your working class as soon as
you're successful and privileged then
that means the only ways that are left
to describe the working classes are ones
of failure it's that you're poor and
can't talk you have no platform and a
that's incredibly insulting to the
working classes that nothing could be
divisive
secondly I don't think the middle class
you should be able to just claim the
winners into their group
it was like tar sand it's like no you're
not really a gorilla honey I think
there's a big cultural difference
between be the working and between the
working classes in the middle classes
you know we you know if you wear glasses
think differently we organized
differently you know there were
different ways that we descend we tend
to share things as soon as you see a
working-class kid who's done good they
bring everybody along they put their
family on the promo we're living the
friends with them they usually tend to
use their platform to go and tell other
kids from that place look this is where
you can go this is how to do it they lay
a trail of breadcrumbs they're like
follow me I will show you how to get
there you know follow me all right
you're not gonna get the back door that
you can come through where's the middle
classes tend to sort of hoard their
privileges sort of you know show it off
a bit and kind of you know and so I've
been using use they're sort of useless
they just to impress people a bit
doesn't mean they're bad don't you see
there's cultural differences between two
working I think that's why you're quite
unusual as a critic because you do
recognize that gradient and that kind of
like so you talk about where your slave
you talk about benefit Street and My Big
Fat Gypsy Wedding and how they're not
all bad
no discuss well yeah I mean just me why
it's just starting a conversation isn't
it me first
first of all nothing to the future
doesn't suddenly turn up one day perfect
so when you're talking about for
instance representation of people of
color in movies which is clearly
absolutely won't for by any and you know
any measure that you're going to measure
that that they're clearly under
represented because it's a generally
white industry and as people are not
commissioning these films so when
something like twelve years a slave
comes along the sort of like within this
of them circles of critics who were
off-color a lot of people said even
though you know this is a black director
and this you know this is a black cast
this is a film that pornographer eyes is
suffering and can we please stop having
the only films that feature people have
covered them being slaves and them being
oppressed no that is correct you know we
need to see films where he see black
people who aren't just being whipped you
know that is a massive bummer and a
downer for everybody yeah but at the
same time if you're telling a black cast
and a black director who have had all
this attention and Oscar nominations and
you know that have made this money and
have made it acceptable that people are
looking around and looking for other
films for people of color that what
they've done is worthless
yeah then do not good enough yeah then
who is ever gonna step up it's a little
step that will have made things a bit
better no 12 years a slave isn't perfect
that hasn't saved Hollywood hasn't
stopped it from being
same with people say that girls it's
quite shallow and I'm like finally
people are women just wandering around
wasting their lives being shallow
publicly yeah that's like the 18th
century numbers all over again
but with women well again I could I
could understand kind of I thought it
was a huge crowd of bad girls not being
sort of racially representative and and
there's two things there first of all
it's it's support it's a
semi-autobiographical force and TV show
about support white girls in New York
what it is yes it noses that yes do we
need to have a conversation about people
not being represented absolutely of
course but you've got to understand that
that is not effective campaigning to hit
the artists and say you have not
represented everyone because they don't
have the power what you want to do if
you want to change things is find out
the 10 or 15 people in that country you
have the power to Commission things you
would find out who they are it's always
10 or 15 people no more than that find
their names and harass them on Twitter
writing your blogs about them because
they're the ones who can change things
yeah Lena Dunham can't she's making
trying to make a funny TV show about her
speaks to her experience you know and
it's taking the piss out of herself go
find the people with the power and
harass them instead say what you're
saying what we do what we need to change
things there's more accurate harassment
yes we like your blogs we know you're
complaining on to assess we like you're
being annoying being annoying the right
people what does that mean it just just
refocus all of this stuff over here
where the power is because there's a
gimmick if every time you've got some
kind of you know someone who's pioneered
and tried to do a little thing and end
you you're cutting them down then who
then he's gonna stay feel brave enough
to step up and try something no one in
it's something they always seize up on
the left and lens of progress there you
know in sort of progressive circles we
tend to turn on ourselves and criticize
each other and my role has always been
never ever criticize someone else if you
don't like the way someone's doing it
leave them to get on with what they're
doing
and create your own alternative here and
then suddenly making options manifesto
is up now today this is the party were
throwing it's a better party at the end
of my videos I usually say something
really sad I go frog Smaug out can you
say it with me do we do a frog smoke and
I mean
one two three
