sitting in the green room shouting I
don't see anything original not
realizing that the makers at a pivotal
could be sitting downstairs on the floor
starting movements on the concrete while
you're drinking sure with a straw
because we live in a capitalist society
where we think genius trickles down like
money and propriety not remembering that
history taught us that innovation always
happens in the sidelines the cracks and
the crates and the alleyways YouTube is
the most public sphere which is part of
why I love it part of why I hold it dear
but it does happen in other industries
and their managers don't broadcast it
you won't see Matty from the nineteen
seventy five on the floor between albums
crying the music industry is dead why
are we even here and you won't see his
label take him by the ear and say buck
up your ideas may it's becoming very
clear that you see yourself as the
medium and if your well dries up maybe
if she's been blindsided to all the new
stuff that's been happening while you've
been doing press junkets and that's okay
but don't think that the best way to
deal with your crisis to give us big
long speeches about how it wasn't always
like this
thinking that voicing worry will help
you make it through dude for some
Soyoung youtube is dead becomes a
self-fulfilling prophecy
even though through people's generosity
I see some of the best art of our age
being made on this stage 1080 by 720
it's my religion and my gaze it's some
people saving grace it's where we come
when we're alone it's like picking up
the phone and the whole world answers
and then you're coming along over the
tanoda crying this platform sucks go
home when you might have learnt
something if you thought it through like
maybe I'm in the wrong Street maybe this
is a big place or maybe I'll gain
something if I heroically lose face by
doing a direct upload
about how you've all ruined it consuming
things that aren't art and things you
say are sedatives for the condition of
our generation not remembering that
innovation might not come from the few
people on this platform you've already
met so I can say from my street no you
haven't seen anything yet please put
away your placard saying the end is nigh
because the world is not the green room
and it's stopping us from seeing sky and
if he'd have paused
oh if he'd have looked you'd have
stumbled upon channel means enough to
fill a book of amazing creators whose
games have just started and Jack Howard
I'm sorry that you're downhearted that
for you the platform just isn't
following through but from all the
smaller youtubers I'd like to say it's
not us it's you assembling yourself is a
tricky business
and oftentimes a thankless one
