yeah cyber banging book club I think
we're going to revise our idea of
recording the podcast and then the video
second because it would seem that a lot
of Genesis we drank at this point
perfectly welcome to bugging if you
haven't see what I've been doing the
first episode is on Hanna's channel
we're basically doing a book club around
sex and sex books about two themes so we
have a Google Doc and listing all the
books are going to be reading oh yeah
we're gonna be reading one a month last
month the last abstaining from sex mail
we did was an ASCII oh my god okay the
last fighting what color we did was
around asking for it finally anyway it's
the last fucking booklet we did was
around asking for it by Louise O'Neill
which is on Hanna's Channel yeah alright
the format is that we're gonna do a five
to seven minute and teaser video and
then we do like around an hour podcast
yeah discussions around the book and
we've just recorded our podcast and it
will be linked here and below so
exciting and I feel like if this one
guy's gonna feed agree but like we
discussed more of the themes of this
you've not even told the guys what we're
reading it we're reading the data model
there we go
you will say this video is non spoilers
even though you can't spoil we're just
going to summarize it here and then in
the podcast we really go in depth and it
does get quite fuzzy so Eve Ensler is a
researcher who never saw herself as a
performer or really a writer and just
became really interested in the politics
of vaginas and she interviewed like
hundreds of women on their vaginas from
anybody who was like they never had sex
so they were about to have sex it was
their first time having sex like 82 year
olds who had literally never knew they
had a package children as well there's a
six year old earnest yes everybody who
owns a vagina gets to say which i think
is really cool I think it's got a lot of
explicit content in it but actually
because it's so natural and so genuinely
and so unfair easily communicated it
doesn't feel like explicit would you say
that yeah I don't like feel the name is
very naughty but as I was reading it I
wasn't like yeah I'm reading something
it's so matter-of-fact and it's so just
like that person's perspective and that
person's story about their relationship
with their vagina that it doesn't feel
yeah like I feel like this book could be
for anyone yeah it's all very personal
so it's how you have responded to the
job how are you responded to vaginas
before will dictate how you receive this
box they're like in some ways I feel
like people that I know have responded
to it in a way that's like oh you
already knew this but I read it in my
first year of university and I did not
know this I read it like really changed
my perspective on how I saw my own
vagina and how I talked about them and
how I really saw how everything you
babble before and I reread it for this
book club and again I saw it differently
again so I think it is like you can't
really respond to it objectively but I
really also want to know how people
receive it who don't have four dinars
I know people who don't have vaginas
think about it so if you don't have a
vagina please read it in last name I
really want to know first my sort
performed they included some transgender
active in
tens of it and then like afterwards I
got to talk to them and that was really
interesting as well because like even
like recognizes that she doesn't
recognize the experience of obtaining a
vagina no which is different a different
conversation if you wanna listen to the
podcast I'd say like two of the tasters
of the themes that we talk about is one
like how we are connected to around
vaginas and if we're not so I think a
lot of the struggles that people like
this is obviously written a few
generations before us but you know we
don't yet feel the need to personify our
vaginas to own them so ever there's a
lot of people like my vagina would wear
up there a-and my vagina would like
Celine Dion and I'd like my vagina was
part of you so I think it's like journey
between like like geographically pushing
it away to bring it closer only until
today and I looked at the published date
and it said like 1998 or something I
didn't realize it was that recent
because as I was reading it I thought it
was from the 70s yeah because I just the
tone of it to me felt like 1970s
feminism like bloody amazing but we can
feel like you know like that means that
we're experiencing a really good side of
the aim of feminism yeah yeah yeah but
but then I didn't mind it I was like oh
nice nice the same age right and I lived
like I read it when I was like what like
20 and I was like never before like
never like that was like in like it was
like this is of like this is before its
time yeah but like that was like we can
even time period it yeah no more of his
I was like this is off the minute like
it's how you grew up in there yeah and
if I get less and my friends from
compromised yeah hmm no I read it now if
they do they'll be like because I say
I've said that in the podcast says that
even now actually women all read this
and it will they'll think entirely
differently to how
think about it and actually it will be
groundbreaking for women now apparently
my even then there'll be people in the
tumblr generation who are like what in
like 2010 who will be like yeah that's a
thing people have and like we'll be like
what are you talking about Lina you are
like you are victorious you are a
rattling I'll be showing you vagina
oh not the vagina laughing but we still
very much live in a society where it is
very much expected of women to get rid
of all almost of their pubic hair for us
to not really look at it at least not
regularly and to just still like keep it
hidden and and I don't I don't know but
also still not masturbate hmm I still
find that like even though we live in a
very likely liberal progressive group of
friends and so we do talk about
masturbation but actually I've got other
friends who really don't and then and
then I I purposefully kind of say things
quite British might as I want to shock
people but not because I want to shock
people but because I want to make it
more normal and so I'll be like oh you
times I've had girly clothes swaps on my
house or I've had people over or just
swapping clothes and when people hear
that Hannah might be bringing vibration
so everybody who never talks about
masturbation never was anything is like
um like they're like oh by the way oh
yeah together but like it's just like a
news I'm like just freebies for everyone
but I feel like you're wanting people to
think about it's like oh yeah Hannah
will talk about masturbation ebony with
me and that's fine yeah whereas like
that's not everybody yet I think it was
very progressive in the in the book they
have a bit where a woman's teaching
people how to panic
you're my love they yeah oh my god let's
go to a vagina workshop once I went to
an orgasm workshop in San Francisco did
you know it wasn't about physically I
was about talking about having orgasms
and being like emotionally disconnected
from it but it was like in a really
positive way emotionally it was good
like that that woman have an orgasm in
that class of people they're like we're
embarrassed about advertising I don't
know how I ever gonna get to like orgasm
like if somebody walks into me on the
cheap I say sorry
I love way to go before I orgasm in
front of other strange yep next month
we're reading bunk by Mary Roach the
curious coupling of sex and science
science and that will be going on a
channel busy so subscribe to everybody
so anyway you're gonna see the whole
club there is a playlist of all banging
book club videos so if you upload a
video of a review of any of the books
then use the hashtag banging book club
on Twitter so I can find it in an add it
to the playlist thanks for watching
we'll see when I'm extra bye bye
