hello welcome back I have been on this
channel for a little bit and I promote
scooters but I am doing camp NaNoWriMo
so for those of you who don't know
NaNoWriMo is a challenge that usually
goes on in November National Novel
Writing Month but they also do a little
addition in the summer for anyone to
join in on so and that is in July where
we are now situated situation when they
should usually the challenge is 50,000
words which is something I did a while
ago but this time I decided to challenge
myself in ours so I'm trying to spend a
hundred hours
in July which is more than two working
weeks on my writing project which is a
book which by the standards of how I'm
working at the moment will be finished
in about ten years my super missed
making videos and I have been getting
some amazing books through the post
recently so I thought I'd do something
you guys always laugh up and that is a
book haul the first book it should be a
surprise - 0.001 of you but my book is
set in London and and I kind of have
pockets of knowledge about London the
stuff that I learned at school the stuff
that I learned when I go on walking tour
somewhere but I really just wanted an
overview and this book seems to have
always been around book shops and
charity shops and I've been around I've
never picked up because it's
huge this is London a novel by an Edward
Rutherfurd it seems to be quite an
eccentric character because he's also
wrote one on New York and Paris and it
is from what I can tell a series of
smaller books with characters and plot
lines but essentially based on really
accurate history from the beginning of
time but like really the plot starts
getting go going in Roman times to the
present day I've also never tackled a
book this big I don't think ever and I
think it would just be a really cool
achievement I sent myself the challenge
of reading 52 books this year and but
you can't get very focused on that and
then be like oh I've got to finish all
the book it can make you reach for the
tiny little books and that's okay but
only hearing from people who write tiny
little books probably isn't a good way
to build a worldview so and I am picking
up this and if it's what's my 52 book
challenge so be it
I was sent what would be daca to buy e
Foley and B coats the authors of this
book are actually two remarkable women
who work at my work
vintage books they've been published by
Faber and the idea is that their
everyday problems solved by history's
most magnificent women each chapter
starts with these beautiful
illustrations of the women and it's snow
cake it's YouTube star just a just side
note when I was walking through earlier
I saw that book was it that I'd be that
one the one that you're talking about I
was like oh I kind of want to read that
I mean you get I know nothing about her
but that cover is enticing I know it's
like beauty currents if you can't was
thinking of yourself Rosa Parks and
standing up to bullies you know I'm
gonna make it in get back Roman hoards
give me Boadicea yeah it feels like
goodnight stories from oval girls meets
self-help books which are two of my
favorite things Emily Dickinson and
defying FOMO Betty Ford and knowing when
to stop George Eliot and not being hot
this is the contents page or a poem
Boadicea I'm sticking up for yourself
Mary Wollstonecraft and calling yourself
a feminist Emily can't curse and getting
stuck in Frida Kahlo and finding of
style just got Baedeker on the front
with a Starbucks cup I mean next we've
got the Night Circus I got this from
work I had to pick it up because one of
those staple vintage books everybody
like talks about and I've never read it
the premise is on point the package is
beautiful what could possibly go wrong
everybody else that I've ever met seems
to read that book so if you have let me
know what you thought about it in the
comments
Kate Morton has a new book I read the
lake house when I was interviewing her
in Cornwall we did a little tour of
coral together when I worked at her
McMillan a few years ago
apart from being one of the cleverest
and most brilliant women I've ever met
she's also luckily an amazing author
Kate Watson right she's really haunting
vivid twisty-turny
books usually set in manor houses and
old houses in period and times I can
never guess the endings and I don't
understand why it's a source of great
annoyance for me but that like that's
why I keep coming back I'm like okay
tell did you want their books they'll
make you feel comfortable and then
outsmart you this new one is the clock
makers daughter and it is coming out
presently September the 20th and so I'm
gonna read that and
guys no I think but I like I'm gonna I'm
gonna like it bad choice this is another
book by the author of bad arguments
which is a book I talked about a few
videos ago all about at home at home in
in and Herman 'im hello I drew Herman
straw man all these terms for ways you
can explain to people why they're wrong
or people can explain to you why they're
wrong but I mean I find them the former
more useful this one is about how
algorithms can help you think smarter
and live happier and actually I wanted
to learn more about algorithms because
ever since reading a lot of like
articles about how algorithms are bad
and what they're doing to you and how
they're this new scary concept I'm like
no I pretty sure the principle of an
algorithm isn't like a new thing and so
this is a really short book I'm gonna
read because the idea of choices and
consequences and probability and
narrowing things down has got to just
mean more than what answer yourself
right
I haven't read Hawaii in a while and I
kind of miss it so I bought spare and
found parts by Sarah Maria Griffin
technology is destroyed the world and
now they live in a kind of analog
mechanics world most people are missing
a limb and have like a mechanical limb
for various reasons she has a lot of
pressure on her from her family to
advanced technology and she decides to
build herself another person potentially
a boyfriend I think sound interesting
and also beautiful cover mmm and also
Suicide Club again this is a dystopian
future where and they just want to bring
of making people immortal of being able
to live forever and there's this
rebellious club called The Suicide Club
who deal in sex and drugs rock'n'roll
and I think the main protagonist gets
swept up in that well when I explained
that out loud it doesn't sound that
great but I'm really excited about this
one I think I've read so many good
reviews about it and I think the
execution will be good and lastly and
some bloody lovely people thought in
contact with you a while ago and told me
they might make this and that if we do
can we send you one and I was like yes
um I've never really had a subscription
box for books before and mainly because
as you can see I accumulate them quite
well on my own and but this is a
beautiful subscription box called books
that matter and I think they've just got
a grant to start the company so I think
um it's gonna really want to watch you
open the box and we've got tissue paper
a little letter about what the books
that magic is about so they're aiming to
send books out that really matter that
could change you that are like
politically or socially really important
and are mainly written by women they're
really focused on being intersectional
it's all run by women and I mean what is
not to like I've got a little mirror
this girl going on it yeah
it's a really sweet bookmarks Little
Richard note from Molly masters who was
the person that has to create this
another badge a feminism includes giving
other women the freedom to make choices
you would not necessarily make yourself
I mean they're not wrong then a
beautiful book all wrapped up and this
is this one is Nina is not okay which is
actually one of the red for the banging
book club which is a podcast I run with
my friends Hannah and Lucy and we read
books about sex and gender this is one
that we read and it was one of my
favorites of last year was it last year
so the fact they've chosen that one
I'm very impressed by and I'm gonna be
giving this one away to a friend
actually probably took the gumption club
the gumption club is a patreon pearls
who support this channel and in exchange
I give them poetry and occasionally free
books so that all go to one of the
gumption Club presently look at this box
adorable thank you so much for watching
let me know in the comments below if
you've read any of these books and what
you thought about them and which ones
what order I should read them in and
until next time
frogs no go I can't focus someone let's
take it oh you think I'm tap it but I'm
misdiagnosed just all my soccer
I see no
