hi guys welcome to the Sunday sit down
and this is just an excuse
basically because I have so much I want
to say to you guys and so much I want to
make and there's always stuff that I
want to say that doesn't get in to the
rest of the channel or into the videos
that I plan now I plan things this will
happen every week / month / yeah but it
is just something in my head that I can
be like right if I have stuff to say I
can sit down and say it hey I have like
a list of things I want to go through
because apparently I'm a new woman and I
do things like that
so grab your tea it is Sunday bulletins
now the first thing is the running of
the channel I have been uploading apart
from last week two videos a week which
oh that's what I want to keep up with us
what I want to do and I've kind of been
doing it secretly on a schedule to see
if people notice but also to see if I
can actually do it before I go this is
what's happening but I have been doing
it and I think it's been going well and
so basically what I wanted to announce
is that I have a schedule now oh my gosh
just like I do thousand of I've and I'm
watching a game where shit together
so I'm gonna be uploading hopefully a
short-form video every Wednesday and the
longer full video every Sunday their
sunday videos are either gonna be chats
or book reviews or like stupid questions
the leaner or anything that takes a
little bit longer to absorb and it's
something nice to put on the background
when you're bumming around on a Sunday
and then Wednesday stuff will be shorter
form content basically of any kind part
of the reason that that is possible is
because I've started a patreon page and
people actually give a shit and have
been giving to it a nice solid - thank
you all so much once I'd set it up and
people realized it was there and I
actually had like a moment of British
embarrassment I haven't actually posted
a lot of the videos that I've made over
the past month on there just because I
was like people that they want the stuff
oh God
so I haven't actually been posting the
videos I've been making on patreon so I
haven't gave any rooms I'm an idiot and
but I will be from now on and I just
wanted to like say a massive thank you
to everybody's given to that basically
to be really open with you guys and the
way that my life runs is that I work
four days a week as the creator producer
and I have like defended this
last day in the week to do projects
whether that's freelance projects
whether that's my own projects and
finishing my book or whether that's
making these bloody video for you guys
and I've been really enjoying spending a
lot more time on YouTube videos and lots
more time planning the content and lots
more time putting actually putting our
videos so patreon enables me financially
to spend that day with you guys instead
of other people who are nice but they're
not you so yeah I just wanted to say a
big thank you to everybody I'm sorry for
being so embarrassed that I haven't
actually put stuff on the patreon page
because letter no even God we people get
embarrassed sometimes so a lot of you've
been asking what's happening with my
NaNoWriMo novel our table isn't
happening on am i arriving or novel it's
now at 60,000 words and it's being I'm
editing it at the moment and adding to
it
editing when you're editing a book it
really but just means rewriting the shit
you wrote the first time around
most of my meet who's on my favorite
authors writes a whole book turns it
over doesn't look at the book the
manuscript ever again and starts writing
the book again and he does that five
times in a row until he's happy with the
book terrifying so I am still working on
that project and I really it's great
it's keeping my attention very well
which is weird and I love it so I'm
gonna keep doing it because that's the
kind of selfish life I live like when I
like to do things I just keep doing them
I actually went on one of my solo
holidays I am known for going on holiday
on my own there are worse things people
are known for and so last week I went to
the Peak District for eight days and
seven nights of my own in a youth hostel
that was like this old 13th century
voting could Hartington hall and it's 13
pounds a night to stay there which is
insane but that's why I like the youth
hostel Association there trying to make
like the countryside accessible for
people who are of like a lower income
and it's really cool so I spent 7 nights
there on my own
writing and editing and drinking and
having a fried breakfast every morning
and it was absolutely superb and I take
a normal day on holiday with lean
against you get up at 7:30 you eat
between 7:30 and 9:00 pretty much
constantly fried breakfast
everything you drink a lot of coffee
then you go and sit in an armchair
possibly by the fire and you write for
like two to three to four hours then
around around midday I'm not going to
say it hasn't happened before twelve but
I would say around midday you have two
large glasses of wine usually while
reading a book then you put your walking
shoes on and your waterproof jacket you
walk on some toast Ike and you go
walking in the hills on your own dancing
visibly to Tom strike and sometimes
rapping if you remember the words at
this point you were obtained home
probably about 2:00 to 3:00 p.m. you
have a really nice long hot shower you
wash your hair at this point you've
sobered up again to write for another
three hours four hours who knows then
you go and have some dinner whatever
that is you sit in the designated Wi-Fi
room and maybe watch a film and then you
write until it's probably about ten or
eleven night and then you go to sleep
and you start the whole blissful process
all over again however it wasn't all
dream boats and petticoats like there
were some like hairy moments frightening
and kind of a lot of my writing process
looks a lot like this you can do this
you can do this you can do this you do
this you can do you can't do this write
the book write the book write the book
write the book write the book maybe I
should send it so on how could I send it
to you no one's got time to that what if
they don't understand dude what if
nobody understands they I misunderstood
which means I'm a genius or an
unpublished author hi my name is Lena
I'm writing a book what oh shit shit
shit shit shit maybe it's time to read
your fucking book anyway they've got
other things to do
maybe you have other things to do
do you have other things to do why are
you even doing this oh my god maybe I
have nothing to do this is bad this is
very very bad
things I have been doing lately so I've
been on these podcasts so I just wanted
to tell you about them because I think
they're like awesome podcasts that
people are making and I was really like
honored to be on them so what it's later
brother
what is the right dishonourable I was
guest on there um it's a political
podcast that jazz arose remember jazz
were from the very first cheaper
questions to the Rena is his podcast and
I'll leave the link to that below I was
also on Jenn's podcast Jen Campbell who
is the second episode of stupid
questions Lila she's just started to
podcast and we were writing stories live
on her school of life but life to us
obviously everything is live at some
point otherwise it wouldn't happen but
we used story cubes and we rolled the
story route story cubes and then story
the random for the podcast knows reatha
and so link that below and then I've
also been on banging book club podcast
for the bank book club is something me
and Hannah Witton and Lisa moon came up
with when they were like both around my
house so we were just drunk and talking
about sex and boys and we were like we
should talk about this in a more
constructive way we should start book
club so we've started a book club called
the banging book club the first book was
asking for it each month it will be
hosted on a different one of our
channels next month it kameez though way
you'll see that but basically there's a
Google Doc of books that we've picked
that we want to read together and
discuss we'll be doing a five minute
video on somebody's channel every month
and then we make a podcast discussing it
in detail so the one the video will be
non spoilery and then the podcast will
be extremely spoilery we were asking for
it last month and that was harrowing to
say the least but like very worthwhile
and this month were doing the Vagina
Monologues which I'm enjoying immensely
and I'm thinking of actually learning
one of the monologues off by heart so
we'll see I've got really pop Harry
pains and I'm like struggling to get my
words out I don't listen there's a kiss
for visibility out there very pates guys
like it's good just sometimes to just be
like yeah that's the thing that's
happening I have like really bad
problems of them and I have like a mum
methanoic acid
for them and it like I don't know it
just slows down my speech and sometimes
slows down my efficiency and what I do
because I'm like I just can't today
anyway there's some visibility for
periods out there if anybody wants me to
do a video on moon cups that's the thing
that I want to do actually I'm gonna do
that doesn't think I'm gonna do does
anybody else want to see that other
things I've been doing I went to
Brighton last week to meet up with well
first I met dotty which was so exciting
I anyway and then I met Sarah who is the
author of beautiful broken things which
I mentioned in my last video and we did
a little vlog around Brighton and filmed
all the different locations that she
mentions in the book and then we did a
live book event at Waterstones Brighton
and I got to meet some of you guys are
just really fun you want to see the
video of that that will be going up on
book break which is a show overrun with
panic minun and that'll be going up next
week so go and subscribe over there and
you can see what happens at that's going
to Brighton and I also wanted to mention
just because there's like literally
nowhere on my platform to shoo hold this
in anywhere else is that I've been
watching some films and documentaries
and I've been really really liking them
too that are on Netflix at the moment
that I thought were amazing was the
honor diaries which is an hour-long
conversation with like all of these
women from lots of different who are all
doing different things to stop honor
killings and they all come from
different backgrounds and different
situations and working for different
organizations and the whole documentary
is basically getting them in a room and
doing around the table discussion about
how stuff works and why and like really
like a really in-depth and like
philosophical discussion about why they
think the things happen actually happen
what honor means to them what the
difference between culture and religion
is and it's over cut with road is a
really interesting footage of the stuff
they're talking about and it's really
really good and you should watch it the
other oness dear white people which I
just can't look into the trailer because
I probably can't explain it but it's
about a very high-profile school in the
u.s. they're struggling with integration
and segregation - dude race in the name
of free speech and a white group of
students throw a black themed evening
and black up and do black things there
are a lot of students that won't stand
for it and then it's really intelligent
and there's like a twist at the end you
don't Oh anyway I'm not gonna try it
laying it because what's planing so I'm
just gonna link you to that you should
go and watch the film because it's on
Netflix and it's amazing and then I also
went to the premiere of how to be single
and what is put this in because like it
was such a cool experience I got to go
and walk down the red carpet I mean my
friend Teddy where and a super call and
he did some like really funny blurry
vlog I don't know why I'm doing this
because this not gonna make the cut but
basically I'm doing this for Vina and I
sat around a lot but I just wanted to
say that I was like really disappointed
with the film how to be single it's got
to go into Johnson in it it's got a
rebel Wilson in it and it had like the
potential to be something really cool
and I think we had a big opportunity
there to make some comments about stuff
that they just didn't while there are
moments of funniness I know that rebel
Wilson is like naturally funny and they
do say that some of her lines are
improvised I'm guessing the lines that I
found funny were the ones that
improvised because there's no way a
scriptwriter that bad could have written
funny jokes for her and made the rest of
it like the most flat most repetitive
like least coherent like like story
story arc ever I'm actually really sick
of watching rebel Wilson be the fat
friend because the whole point in her
playing fat Amy was to play off that
but ever since I feel like she's been
taking part or has been written parts
that are literally she is the being side
showed as the fat person and she is like
being put on display as the fat person
and I feel like there are a lot of
screen writers and plot lines that I
feel laugh at her and not with her part
of the reason the audiences is
encouraged to find her funny is that
she's fat and she's having sex and that
in itself is supposed to be a funny
thing and there were just so many
moments that were stolen from other
films but not in a satire like conscious
way in her like this has definitely
happened in every other film and like
better I'm not a film snob like I like
when it comes to literature
I love reading really literary books but
when it comes to films like oh my gosh
like one of my favorite films is the
best man
I like 27 dresses the holiday is all
very favorable so I'm like I'm at this I
am Leo if nobody else is in the audience
I'm definitely the audience for this
film and I well you can say like oh yeah
it's great to have fun and like just you
know let people have met people switch
I'm like this isn't something to switch
off to this is something to like be kind
of ashamed of cuz it was just so it was
just such like oh the only thing that
did manage to happen was that she did
manage to stay single at the end of the
film like slow clap apart from that I
think it was something that promised to
be a shallow and funny film and turned
into turned out to be an unfunny film
that was just a shallow depiction of
women rather than an actually funny
shallow like consciously satire film so
it sucks to be basically so yeah that's
my honest review of how to be single I'd
love to go and see more films and guys
tell you what I think
because it's always useful because I
don't ever know what to go and sits in a
while oh yeah and then I'm on a mission
to find some cool literary podcasts that
I enjoy and book slams okay like a kind
of liking book slam I'm not sure and but
there's another one the one I found I
really like is the New Yorker and they
do these podcasts called The New Yorker
fiction they usually about an hour long
and the format is they get a famous
author to come in and pick one of their
favorite short stories that the New
Yorker have ever published in their
archives that famous author ray reads
another famous authors short story for
half of the podcast and reads aloud and
then for the rest of the podcast they
discuss the themes and what they liked
about it and what they've learned from
that author and then put into their
writing if that makes any sense so for
instance my favorite one is Lionel
Shriver who wrote and We Need to Talk
About Kevin reading TC boils short story
about the cosmos and meteorites and
death in this couple they get a call
very late at night to find out that
their daughters been in the car crash
and like juxtaposing those two and it's
- Ryder talking about what that talked
her about fiction and what she thinks
about it all and it's really really cool
and clever I like that one particularly
I'm gonna link that below but that one's
a really really good one to listen to
please tell me your literary podcast
recommendations in the comments I would
love to hear that sorry I've been a bit
flattens video and said I'm like in a
lot of pain
but I just wanted to say hi to you guys
again cuz it's been a week and that
makes you sad but yeah
Wednesdays and Sundays I'll be here
doing things who knows what kind of
things in fact I have about 20 books to
review so I'll be doing that probably
for a while
okay okay I'm gonna go hey folks and
I'll go
