yo I was just watching my friend Jen's
video about Ali Smith and one of the
compliments that she pays her is honor
for the favorite authors is that she
loves her work because she's present in
her work and like alright stop listening
Jen sorry I will watch the rest of in a
second but I stopped listening because
that you know in a phrase just kind of
like grips you grips you by the balls
and you're like oh now I have to go away
and think about that phrase for ages
sorry whoever was trying to speak to me
probably oh I didn't get on that well at
school with teachers sometimes I'll say
you just said something really poignant
and we're gonna go lesson and then after
that I was just I was just riffing off
my own thoughts hey Suri stroke let's
take compliments and now I like accept
them because I know what it's like to
give a compliment and not have it
received and I I take in some of the
positivity so I can store up and make
sure I don't quit things I like doing
but I also just try and like when I get
a compliment I try and really listen to
the content of the compliment and like
what is actually in it and there's stuff
that very kindly people do say about
this channel is that they always go
right
you're so yourself which is like a
really funny thing to be complimented on
because like there's literally no labor
and no talent and no like technical
skill in being yourself but I guess it's
also something that people struggle to
do and it's something that is sometimes
hard to achieve and I just thought about
like the idea of turning up your own
work and how like that's what Jen likes
about Ali Smith and I guess she's also
talking about being present in a
timeline kind of way and talking about
things that are current but what I also
took from her using that phrase is that
like you have to be present in your own
work like if you don't turn up who will
and like what is important to me but
it's also a massive like struggle
sometimes is being myself in this video
is because I know so many people in my
own life that just won't watch them
people in my fresh new life that I just
have one Twitter feed don't have to have
one people like my boss's boss's boss
like sometimes watches my videos and
stuff sorry about them in the office and
I was like awesome the only way the only
way I can see myself keeping a job for
the rest of my life
and staying sane is that is working
towards being completely myself at work
otherwise like you spend most of your
week not being yourself that doesn't
make any sense that doesn't sound like a
great plan I don't mind being so much
part of this channel and being so honest
because I just don't really see another
way no way I don't because I don't
really see another sustainable way to
keep living I don't know how anybody
exists not being themself it must be so
stressful but you are always versions of
yourself it's always hard to present
yourself to other people because you
feel like you need to explain yourself
to them in some way and and inherently
that involves some kind of
simplification and this channel is a
simplification of me like don't don't
get me wrong Matt and sometimes it's an
over complication I think sometimes
people think I am more like I'm better
more better well-read
they think I am and that I read more
than I do
and they're like I I have more answers
than I actually do so sometimes I think
this channel is a more complicated
version of me that like maybe just
doesn't exist like sometimes I'm just an
idiot guys yesterday my parents dropped
me off home after the Christmas break
and the first thing I did when they left
was just eat three bowls of wheat O's in
a row because I could die is not the
side of the next prime minister guys
that is not the self-control at the
intersection of the efficiency of time
use that you're looking for in a leader
sometimes it's hard to upload stuff that
is so like present as in like stuff
that's happening to me and I'm thinking
about and going through right now and
stuff that is so I'm present in and I
turn up to and that I am like inhabiting
and being so honest because they know so
many people in my actual life watch me
but I actually also just been thinking
about that when German speaking and
being I actually think that is a good
thing that I need to keep striving for
and doing and doing better even though
it's like stressful sometimes
it all sounds good to say it's really
weird sometimes when I meet you guys in
in real life because that like some
people aren't really excited about and I
like to meet them
we we hide out in the same place and so
I've been like approached in like coffee
shops and pubs and like somebody like
slow down their car the other day and
like wounded the window I was like just
gets my rock and I was like so cool and
it felt like it it's like I love like
basically if you see me in real life
like please come and talk to me it's so
fun boys like interesting about these
exchanges I think like this a certain
element of surprise in them where people
are just like look at me like oh you
exist oh you are actually present in the
world and it is surprising cuz I guess
we've grown up in this really
traditional world of TV where it's like
basically everybody on TV doesn't exist
everybody was playing a part or a
character actually just seeing somebody
in real life from realizing that have
the same as they are on the screen is
like really disorientating for us
Millennials little snake people I just
thought that was like a funny thing
because I think just like it's not that
they're like in awe of me like I'm a God
or like they think I'm the best person
in the world like some of it I think is
genuinely just like ha really do exist
and I get that too when I meet people
I'm like ha ha you move in the real
world
look at how 3d you are do you guys find
it hard to turn up and be present in the
stuff that you make and stuff that you
do I'd love to hear it tell me in the
comments please subscribe is your first
time here if this is your first time
here it's must be confusing it's not
always like it's kind of always like
this
hold on you're just finding something
that you need to reference in the video
hashtag no makeup hashtag shutter speed
hashtag grateful hashtags good girls
obviously go for tears and I don't live
with my family anymore
it lasts two years been sorry tears
closer that's so much driving myself
like so much time is like now I have
some really great evenings just hanging
out with me and it's just hilarious
because I get all my jokes and like and
sometimes I just want to like Instagram
or tweet or being like hashtags God goes
squad girls being me I am this good I am
the girl but then I realized that like
that would be valid and empty because I
didn't need to tweet about it for it to
happen
takeaway lesson
