welcome stranger look please do can just
we as your day happy to see you
yesterday to learning welcome aback
should just kiss my frog now I started a
series a few months ago now called
stupid questions Alina and I did a video
with jaza about being a gay man and it
was super fun and it taught me a lot I
heard in the comments to talk to you a
lot and I want to carry this series on
basically the idea of the series is to
ask stupid questions in safe spaces as
people who are ready to listen to stupid
questions the idea is to get people on
this channel that aren't me to tell me
what it's like to not be me I'm very
aware that being me is one hell of a
limited experience and the point the
point of them being longer is an email
shareable 4-minute content it's like no
actually it takes a long time to
understand these concepts if you're not
familiar than if it's not your
experience and you do need to spell to
sit down and invest some time to
actually buddy listen so that's what
we're doing we're bloody listening again
duty should be called bloody listening
with Luna down and bloody listen but I
thought I'd bring in one of my very very
good friends Jen we are here to talk
about difference actually yeah and the
importance of difference and actually
acknowledging difference some of the
time and I'm probably gonna sound like a
hypocrite in this video because
sometimes I'm like I wish to acknowledge
my differences and sometimes I'm like
please don't notice it so I think I
might contradict myself sometimes in
this but what we just see is have become
so this is for it's called stupid
questions of the leaner iral a stupid
question and I also thought Lina
actually leah is the person who
convinced me to start a booktube channel
yeah and I started that a year ago and I
said I didn't want to start one because
I'm a really self conscious person I
actually think the booktubers made me
less of a self conscious person even
though it get quite a bit of shit which
we'll get to in a minute but yeah Lina
convinced me to say do it
yeah well it's to be honest I did
realize why you weren't already because
I know that you knew about books cheap
and I was like you around my house and
we would like to
walking about his Daphna I was like
sorry why don't you have a youtube
channel and you were like cuz da people
will say shit oh um and they do but but
but I never told you not to start one
because they wouldn't no no no no no one
anyway because the nice people outweigh
the dicks by a lot a lot so long as the
lot we should probably explain
yeah we don't understand sounds like I'm
a werewolf or something okay alright the
lay down with the medical lay down
alright I have a condition called EXA
dermal dysplasia right for der no
explosion no well if there even got to
the hard work yeah there are 150
different types of axial dysplasia you
don't have to be serious it's not that
serious and the condition I have can you
let me listen so I have a stable
dysplasia which is an umbrella term
there 150 different types of ectodermal
dysplasia and I have something called X
should actually
ectodermal dysplasia clef ting syndrome
I have a question already when did you
find that out and then when did you have
to learn to say that I didn't learn the
name for it till I was 21
oh because if you think about how good
genetics was in the 80s I was born in
the doctor when there's something wrong
with so my parents didn't know about it
till I was born I was born basically
with no fingers well lumps of bone and
skin it's called syndactyly web things
joined together but I also have extras
actually which means that I have missing
fingers as well basically doctors had to
form fingers for me there I don't know
how many operations lots of operation
and there to make fingers fool me and
they weren't sure how much I was going
to be able to do and I had metal plates
in there and things got moved around
they did like an amazing job with what
they had like you know because I think I
go through my surgeon still every year
and whenever I go in like the Registrar
will go through and be like oh you had
mrs. Reid she's she's like goddess of
hand surgery for kids and she's amazing
and she used to always talk to me and
had so many doctors who would not talk
to me they talk to my parents
and I'd be sitting here like man this
means so I was born with that and I had
lots of operations to have my fingers
fixed
I had operations on my eyes on my mouth
had kidney problems
it basically affects your hair and your
skin you can have the cleft palates with
it as well but I just have quite a
raised palate and lots of teeth problems
I've tried like implants and stuff but I
didn't have the full cleft palate I have
for my eyes I have my first operation on
my eyes when I think I was - I didn't
have tear ducts so I couldn't really cry
so my eyes were really dry and getting
infected and I might lose my sight in
the next ten years so I go to more
fields or not I've got a really good guy
there who checks me up make sure that
I'm going okay and there's nothing they
can do you it's not doing it so there's
not something that knows no cure and
hopefully there will be I mean science
is great
yeah but there isn't at the moment it
has quite a lot of similarities with
albinism actually eyesight wise and hair
and skin wise and I read an amazing book
earlier this year called beyond the pale
by Emily at carte which you should all
go read and whose daughter has albinism
and we were discussing the similarities
with that it's quite it's quite
interesting so I had bright white hair
until I was about ten yeah because it
had effects all kinds of different
things I was seeing all kinds of
different specialists for those things
so no one was knowing about all of the
different stuff so nobody was really
collecting on the document so like hey
Jen you've got thinking I would be a ham
I have something to you their eyesight
exactly now I was doing that no one was
doing that until one day my dentist when
you have actually actually not like yeah
you have photosensitivity yeah who's
that you have really strange teeth okay
yes I do and you know that went very
well I think maybe you have some kind of
syndrome with these I think you need to
look it up so I went on to Wikipedia and
my friends pedia and I am trying to
think so I went to see my hand surgeon
and I was like Nick I think you know how
little bit I've got I've got this thing
can I have an adult doctor now I know my
child it kind of was like I was like
Nick I think I have I have this and he
was like I think you do have that why
did I realise you had that and most
doctors have never never heard of it
I have never met a doctor ever there is
this less than like ten people in the UK
have it but it actually makes sense
actually and I don't know why I didn't
think of that before but I am with my
strong point so and that's what kind of
made you well I think you would have
written anyway personally all right I
think you may think of sponges all right
episodes but that's what's kind of made
you write a lot more so Jen is an author
and she's written lots of books and then
I post some pictures of them here hmm
and I'll leave some links below as well
so you can have a look at those but Jen
just non-stop writes like once you wrote
100 poems in a weekend that's done that
twice now and do you think that's kind
of because this and knowing that oh yeah
maybe things might go a bit dark it
wasn't that it was that I didn't know I
could and I know that we simplify things
and the thing about humans I really love
is that we try and find meaning and
everything somebody oh this is why I'm
like this yeah I do think it is actually
cuz I spent a lot of time in hospital
when I was little and my dad I remember
to sleep in the chair next to me in
hospital uzuki and used to read to me
all the time and I love stories not in a
like sob story kind of way but they were
like an escape I didn't know if I was
gonna be able to write they really
didn't know cuz they were making their
fucking I can make your hands and you
can probably pick stuff up I'm not gonna
guarantee yeah so I yeah I was so
enamored with this like yes learning the
idea physically writing so and then I
was that kid who set on the fire escape
during break writing in my notebook I
was that shit Kieran alright I was that
awful person who made the net class act
out of play that I had written I was so
obnoxious that guys actually no no cuz
it was I'm from the Northeast so it
would have been like guys have written
this play and we're gonna put it on in
the playground and we're gonna make the
teachers watch
Glenn you stand over there you're gonna
be this character and I've written this
cool yeah man Alice listen no there we
go disability I actually don't like that
word and I don't think it's applicable
to me anyway sorry no no no I'm not but
at school where you call disabled know
the thing about school I found and I
still find now is that kids are great
and obviously you're gonna get some kids
shit yeah but I was more likely to be
picked on because I tried really hard
it's cool so it's more likely to get
picked on about that then about my hands
kids don't care especially I think at
primary school in a small village like
that I think if you've grown up with
something from when your list this is
not excusing anyone who's a prejudice
shit by the way but if you grow up with
some someone who is different when
you're little you're more likely to
accept it then and kids accept things
but if you're an adult who meets someone
who's different
and you haven't encountered that before
I think you're more likely to react
differently to it
so for instance I'm a bookseller too and
I've encountered a lot of people who
won't let me serve them who won't let me
like handle books or whatever they don't
want to touch them because they think
I'm contagious or something but kids
don't care like kids in the shop if they
notice they're like does that hurt and I
say no and they're like cool that's cool
like just checking your own school it's
all right they're like awesome I mean I
don't remember her name
there was a CBC presenter who had one
arm missing and the amount of shit she
got from parents who wrote in and what
is not acceptable I don't want my child
to look at that but the kids don't care
the kids don't care it's making things
invisible it is and and that's the thing
is it's that visibility that I mentioned
in a video recently though I was
bisexual and a lot of people come to
going thank you for that visibility
because a lot of people there they don't
do that it doesn't occur no and I think
there's the difference between like oh
my god let me shove myself down your
throat because I'm here and you need to
know everything about me like sexuality
whatever otherwise and just being
yourself and mentioning things when
they're relevant
yeah and engaging with people in a
personal way like that is important
parents in a short in my shop if kids
started to ask their parents be like Shh
don't ask questions don't mention
Barriss thing and it's like no questions
are really good as long as you're not
being a dick and kids aren't being a
dick because the kids and questions are
really important and understanding is
really important but I think a lot of
people want to show you show people that
they're accepted so they go oh let's
just pretend it's not there because then
you'll be accepted because we'll pretend
it's invisible
and then you'll be normal and then
obviously you'll feel accepted because
we've returned it you're normal yeah and
it's like what is normal one and two
it's like what like why do you have to
be blind to it
to respect you know I think some people
do do out with respect they do and I
fall like perceived some people I've
noticed especially online
will say things when it's not relevant
this is where I get hypocritical I have
had comments on videos before and I'm
sure that people are trying to be lovely
well I'm not talking about anything to
do with my hands I think I've already
mentioned it in a couple of videos I'm
really where it's relevant I did one
video where as like this is what I have
just so you know so that in case you're
curious a lot of people said I've never
noticed because I'm listening to what
you're saying that is supposed to be
really sweet and I appreciate that
but when I'm discussing it and I'm
talking about it and if you go why I
never noticed I'm here for what you say
that's great but also this is part of me
and when I'm engaging with it and
talking to you about it like but respond
to that I feel like that's a shot down
is that well I I don't pay attention
yeah like I don't see it I don't see
it's not there and like it's making them
uncomfortable and I'm sure that that's
not what most people mean but that's how
it comes across it's where I'm talking
about like hypersensitivity usually and
also I've had people who will comment on
videos where I'm not to mentioning my
hands at all and leave comments like
your hands are beautiful and I never
know how to take that because I think it
might be a really sweet person behind
the computer or I also think there's
something on the internet and this is
really not a comment against those
people who've left those comments and
just something I've noticed in general
across the board is if someone has been
uncomfortable with something they want
to seem like they are more accepting
than they are so they might mention
things in a context where it's not
relevant and it kind of comes out wrong
yeah it's kind of like that whole like I
think there's a generation above us who
are like I'm so ok ok yeah sorry ok
like I know you must come over for some
tea gem I just want to tell you how ok I
am with the flatmate your wife is
actually really like thinking about
every day yeah I'm ok with it
you're so brave yeah so brave like I
think and also it's no it's a way of
raising the issues that are different so
if I was to be like Oh Jen you're
bisexual
I see all sexualities is the same so
we're the same everything's the same
you're like no because the way the world
treats you is different well it actually
isn't it's like being solid i don't
really see sexuality it's like we should
see it because that it's like when we
talk about feminism and a lot of
feminism is says Jen a lot of feminism
is for white women most feminism is for
white women and this is great cartoon
and I caught I can't remember who did
I'm sorry but it's this white woman
talking to this man and she's saying we
need feminism because you know we need
stuff we are oppressed and this man goes
well we need humanism actually because
what we're all oppressed and then next
to the white woman there is a black
woman who's saying to the white woman we
need black feminism because we are
oppressed and she goes but we've got
feminism often if there are things that
we don't understand we go oh well I had
this and therefore I understand because
of this and whilst I think that's great
in human nature because we want to
connect we want to be like around gonna
ground it in something that I understand
and reach out to you sometimes we just
need to listen and be like yes I don't
understand what you're going through
that shit and I'm sorry and and not be
like actually last week someone did this
and it's just not this thing and like
share story then like swap woes and
whatever it might be in was it in Monty
Python sketches whether like Martin felt
it was worse than your topic because I
have issue in the middle of the road
it's all relative as well because it's
my deformity centre you swear deformity
instead of disability go back for that
one Oh see on my reaction would be like
oh I can't call a deformed I would use
the word deformity instead of disability
going back to what we were saying before
which is interesting because I like the
word deformity I stare at it it feels a
little bit more I can look with an older
word and I'm like oh it's an old word so
it must be even more offensive let's not
use the word and I'm sure there are
people out there who have easi syndrome
and other things who'd be like deformity
Jeb God's sake like I think that word
but telling me why is better well
disability implies I can't do things the
only things I can't do there are two
things I can't do and one of them might
be because I'm weak I'm really bad at
opening jam jars
and the magic thing the magic thing that
people do when I see people holding
Queens in their hand and putting them
into a machine with the same like a
rolling like that is it's not it I think
it's good I don't have middle fingers so
which means
never give people the finger so
sometimes I get angry and I might give
someone the middle finger like this and
then malarious cuz they're like what ej
also if I'm in someone they're like how
many do you want like across and I'm
like - and they're like three right I
think was like yeah we've been together
ten years but a while we started dating
and sensing we're like sci-fi video do
you mean hi 400 how does your mind a bit
about he didn't know we got together
it's cool story we were both interested
in girls that we couldn't fool and we've
bonded oh no one else wants us will be
together instead it's a wonderful story
when we first made friends we have a lot
to say to each other about freak shows
and stuff yeah I like reading about them
you don't reading about them and I think
it's a really interesting way in to talk
about deformity disability what are we
calling it III and I think you know as
well really are interested in how myths
and mythical creatures can actually be
could have been written reflective of
people in society were born differently
and that that is that's where it stems
from and I really think that's true in a
lot of cases I remember watching a
documentary I think it was on the BBC
and it was called mutant and it was
about all of these like fetuses and
babies and jars like cyclopses and stuff
when they kept coming like mutations and
having all of these really dark
dangerous music cause it these you're
like yeah it's suddenly when the
narrative changes in something doesn't
look how you expect it to you start to
monster monster um and I find I like
what I find fascinating is people's
reactions to that so I've done a lot of
research into freak shows and actually I
think you're like this I might have told
you the story before but one of the
first flash fiction pieces that I had
published within a journal called flash
I can't remember what it was anyway it
was a piece of flash fictions there was
a couple hundred words and the story
next to mine was about a boy going to a
sideshow freak show meeting
the lobster boy who has exactly which is
what I have because it's like classic
yeah claws claws claws and him being
terrified and having nightmares about
this mess and I was like this is really
weird
so I actually messaged the author guy
for the laws I wasn't like a comedy
you've written about this good actually
now I think about it it's slightly when
I was like oh did you know this funny
never know who's really and a lot of
people with exactly
don't don't like hate the term lobster
claw syndrome and would never adopt the
term lobster girl but I have written a
poem called lobster girl it's that thing
of owning like yeah but if somebody else
is like I'd be like no we can't simplify
it we can't we're not trying to do that
in there but I feel like there's two
categories that this kind of thing falls
into it's either the like monstering
monstrous cereal other you're saying
you're so exotic and crazy or it's the
like paint so it's more like a sympathy
things every day be like everyday Jim
how did you do it oh you are you're
better than morning because because of
the way you its your norm it's not your
difference it's just your normal so it's
like Oh how'd you do it Jen every day do
you wake up every day and think I'm not
like other people
no no everyone has something yeah and a
lot of people have worked and when
people do you think people sometimes
offer you too much sympathy like oh yeah
like yeah yeah my partner's mum often
tries to carry things for me or I
remember in school we were asked to like
cut things out and no one gave me a pair
of scissors and the teacher say give me
the scissors like okay do you find you
get a lot of sympathy
Ethan gets too much sympathy do you
think it's not enough simply just
sympathy in general annoy you and if
there's a right and wrong time to have
sympathy
patronizing stuff annoys me like people
would ask inappropriate because I've
said questions are good but I had
someone ask me in the shop once can you
dress yourself sometimes I like to make
stuff up if some people are rude I like
to make up
of how my hands look it came to be like
that does that might be a dick I'm not
sure but then see I might tell your
story
no I was like I was in shock there was
this there was a shot a really small
shop a tiny shark
I suppose if the questions or questions
that people ask they like I would try
and ask you questions that are relevant
to how I treat you well what I say to
you but stuff like this personal like
how do you get dressed but I don't need
to know that you're not making it in
front of me right now so feels like
being having this a next week I can get
dressed like everybody else gets dressed
like it's really nice how do you get
dressed Lena cuz it's the way it's the
way way that's the way I don't know I
think you just know don't you like for
instance when it's also concern trolling
concerns alone I'm not familiar with
this I loaded a video on my channel also
if I'm saying like the complaining by
the way 90% 95% of people in life are
amazing and also Jenn is one of the most
patient people I've ever met this is my
this is my space right this is my space
to vent yeah this is what we're here to
talk about definitely
I am never like this so this video right
now maybe you can just imagine right
every day when I get on the tube and I
open a book and I'm holding the book and
my hands are like this people take
photos people move when I came back from
there it's not even a big deal like I
don't even when I came back remember
from the Greenwich Festival with you and
I was on the tube and this man obviously
he just got up and he leant over and
hurts me much I'm just moving now
because I just I don't want you to touch
me accidentally so I'm just gonna move
and like like he was doing me a favor so
it's that kind of thing and I think that
obviously my friends and one of it they
know about this but they don't have to
deal with it every day with twats who I
don't know being ridiculous concern
trolling is on the Internet where I'm
probably in day to day life but more an
Internet where someone leaves a comment
where they're actually hating but they
are phrasing it like they're concerned
for you so after I uploaded a video
where I was making a cake with you drama
yeah
did I show you that the email Lily go I
didn't know it's related to that one oh
it was not how can you cook you're gonna
make the food dirty yeah I found your
last video the baking video a little bit
disturbing I don't really notice your
hands too much when you're holding books
it's not something I like to think about
but when you're baking it is more
obvious and it made me feel very
uncomfortable is it okay for you to make
food do the people eating it know that
you have a problem if it's safe I add
food questions because I care and I
wouldn't want you to hurt anyone I look
forward to your videos in the future but
please know that I'm sure seeing more of
your hands makes a lot of your viewers
very uncomfortable and I'm sure that you
would like to take that into it sorry
and I'm sure that you would like to take
that into account when planning future
content thank you I feel like he thinks
that you and how you are is like some
kind of branding strategy that you've
just got wrong and you're like there's
not other people want to see that back
to it not being children like when I was
at school like I had I wrote this part
the first poem I had published was when
I was 11 it was published in The Times
so the local newspaper came to take my
photo and my English teacher said here's
a pair of gloves to please wear them
because your address in school uniform
please wear them like I know my
achievements good enough to represent
the school but I'm not I was to the
final stage of a job interview and I was
at it was the last bit and I'm not being
arrogant and saying you know like that's
always my I could have done it it's not
that I have been having such a great
response in this interview there was one
point during the interview where I
noticed that the interview had noticed
my hands and the look on her face like
she was just it just it changed and she
wouldn't stop looking at them it was so
funny it's like when a man suddenly sees
your boobs
and you know that they're not looking at
you anymore and I was like shit so I I
never normally address it in an
interview situation but I thought I've
got to now because she's noticed and
she's gonna make assumptions without
asking me because she's not going to ask
me so one of the questions was what is
your biggest achievement like what have
you done tell us what that is so I was
like right I have to tie the things now
and sound like some kind of oh no Miss
America
so okay um well I was I was born with
something called the EC's syndrome I was
told I might not be able to write so I
was really stubborn I decided not only
was I going to write but I'm gonna learn
to play the piano and I took my grade 8
piano exam I can do whatever anyone else
can that's fine just as a way they need
saying that so that she would be that
right okay and she's that
good but that was that issues that's
good it made her so uncomfortable like
the whole thing changed jobs for a
retail when I was young as well I didn't
get because they thought one person said
you'd scare the customers and we can't
have that
I want your autobiography to be could I
have boobs at the end of my wrists it's
like it's like oh I thought you meant
cuz it's like stumps because that's how
I was born they rape em then they cut
off her arm so she can't ever write down
and they cut our tongues because you
can't tell anyone what's happened she
just walks around no people are like
when are you gonna write a book about
someone who has eec syndrome and I'm
like probably Nancy here was one of my
other questions representations yet one
okay it's invisible that means we need
representation yeah but is there a
problem where people who struggle with
certain different kinds of things are
expected to represent a whole group of
people because it's so impressing any
kind of like any kind of presentation of
it it's gonna be hard for the person
who's trying to represent wasn't
themselves because the thing we have
with fiction obviously we're never
writing about ourselves or at least
we're never running directly about
ourselves and only about ourselves
obviously we're never just writing
solely about ourselves their own
experiences because that would be
bollocks and we never write anything
yeah ever ever and a Malorie Blackman
made a really good point she was like
there's not enough racial representation
in children's fiction
well in fiction in general actually and
use that children's re to that this
needs to change and a lot of authors got
like really cross and we're like it's
not odd jobs that's not what we do we
write what we know and and I'm said well
that's not read that's not note rulings
that's not true then you don't know
enough no I
I know and I'm like no something else
can learn something else but at the
other end of the scale there is a
massive problem with invisible voices
and that's mostly true I would say and
I'm hoping this will change with trance
fiction if you look at like novels that
deal with people who are transgender
they are not written by transgender
people and there's that element of
tokenism which is bad and there's that
element of things which are fashionable
which pisses me off a lot and I think
whilst it's important to include
representation and we should absolutely
continue to do that we also need to get
actually to the roots and listen to the
voices of people who are going through
those things themselves because those
voices are often silenced and they're
like no actually no you you it's like
that thing we like you but you can't be
the voice of it because it's to other we
need someone else shiny and new who can
represent what you are without you being
there there is actually quite a lot of
really good transfection out there by
people who are transgender non cisgender
people who can write about their
experiences in a way that other people
can't and it's important to get a
balance and actually assess where
writing is coming from what it's trying
to achieve but yes we should write about
difference but it's not up to the people
also who have those differences to be
the only ones talking about it because
if they are the only ones talking about
it no one it's gonna pay attention
because they are that other and it's
like oh well that's relevant to you so
I'm not gonna pay attention I don't know
if I'm actually making much sense here
but it's like you need to let them speak
that's the master priority but you also
need to include it in your world like it
is in the world so represent it
initiative
yeah it's not but not tokenism and not
bullshit so if I was to write a book and
it was kind of about somebody who was
like me because that's what I know yes
the only way to include somebody who was
different to me would be to make them a
character or a friend
yeah size character but is that side
showing them rather than listening I
didn't the funny side show
oh my god it makes every sense because
fight showing them yeah on the side I
had an interesting conversation with
Cassie Logan who wrote the Grace Keepers
she has got a character in who has
syndactyly who's like a mermaid and that
is an oft it like it there's a quite a
used trope and that can be used badly or
it can be used well I didn't like the
it was used in the museum of
extraordinary things by Alice Hoffman
which is about a freak show and where a
girl is a mermaid she has syndactyly and
she like she has webbed fingers and so
Cassie was really conscious of that
she's that I'm writing about you kind of
can I ask like can we talk about this
like is it okay is it alright for me to
do this now it's like yes I'm sure
you're gonna do it fine yeah it's okay
so yeah I don't know what the right
answer is to be honest I think that we
just have to do make sure that we do
things when you approach it just because
the balance between not having someone
as a representation of tokenism and also
not having someone as a plot device is
difficult to get right I think I just
think that we have to be aware of the
decisions that we make just be aware be
aware and just realize that yeah it's
not up to other people it's up to all of
us
yeah I think it's when people
approaching it or Jen you should write
about and like like you and about this
very what's going on here
you were like no if you wanna have a
drink join me like if there if it comes
from a place of genuine curiosity like
writing a book about it isn't the only
way in is and I know it's actually just
including it in your actual live
narrative of your life rather than just
wanting to read about it and want to
miss so it's also wide in the video and
also set up a Facebook page a while ago
for people with the easy to find each
other because I've never met anyone with
easier ever and it's the parents that I
want to reach out to more because they
freak out I never thought about that
till I was older I was like mom were you
okay she's that I was losing my shit I
did an interview with Michelle Pfeiffer
a while ago and he was really lovely so
I sent him the link to the video when it
was up and then he had found the easy
video from that they needed like message
me who is that I just have to say that
it's like use that I don't notice when
we did this interview and I've watched
this and I think this is really
important and I think that you have
realized because of this like you go out
and do things and you make the most of
things and you've realized your
mortality which a lot of people don't do
til they're much older he just lost his
wife last year he was saying that they
had discussed that much much much
further down the line and I suppose that
that is beneficial beneficial in a way
for me like again if that attitude and
how I am because I know that in 10 years
I'm
we'll be able to see anything and I know
that like my authoritah it's gonna get
worse and I don't know if I'm ever like
I might be I might have to stop writing
and not like like physically writing or
sell always right I'll just sit there
with a penny I'll make an they call min
I make a do it like the last time I went
to see my surgeon because I on this
finger I don't know do you think we
should take it off I don't really know I
don't know it's a bit stiff now in there
doesn't really move you and I'm like
okay like this one this one this one
that looks like an elephant
it's called inelia cool honey music
maybe we should remove her because she
doesn't really do anything and I'm Ellie
which is why I might when people like oh
my gosh you're so brave it's like people
have so much worse than I do and and
some different and I just
it's a weird work that you're so brave
it's like what does that mean my thing
is assume that you won't be brave see
you I like you know just boy everything
yeah you can sit yeah you've been
through so much as I guess what happen I
actually have you were like I'll tell
you what I've been through something
like it doesn't happen honey in the
world go what's the problem but then
also on a bad day I might go you have no
idea what I've been top stupid questions
that you've heard thy shouldn't ask
did your parents ever consider having an
abortion
do you have leprosy is it contagious
I tell you what really bugs me is
deformity and villains in films and in
books I'm over that and it is so cliche
and out-of-date and now it's just
offensive
you know like in Peter Pan well they're
everything about their eyes
Oh with where people have been born
deformed because they're grown up in a
place where there's been a nuclear
disaster and they are monstrous because
they look the way that they do like I'm
insane monster is here
and and I I am I'm so through I am so
I'm so over when it is in a book or in a
film I just want to walk out there was a
can't look out of the book I want
walk out of the film because I'm so over
it so like in the new Bond when he like
gets you lose it as I Aloha I mean it
was a bastard before that but like just
just not necessary it's like it's this
thing where we're gonna show that they
have a bad soul by showing that they
have a bad body it's like you hang these
markers and life is not like that no
signs you know the film signs yeah yeah
well you can't see the aliens and it's
absolutely terrifying can't see them and
then you see them and they just look
like us and it's almost scary because
you can see them the unknown right is
scarier so oh it's like with a man or do
you never see jaws
please exactly and then if you see the
venom and he looks like us you know
there's some people will argue well if
someone's been through a really
traumatic thing that might hate the
world because I think it's unfair I
don't hate the world it's the same like
with especially with Disney Villains but
like everybody things like things that
we're scared of in society I don't know
old people women Jewish people or people
we perceived to look for all of those
three together
oh my top people for representing things
in the right way
Melanie gave us she's fucking awesome
she's my hero
she has external dysplasia which is as I
said the umbrella term of what you see
for them the she did a thing with
InStyle
a video where she talked about actual
aspasia it's kind of heartbreaking
actually she had a really shit childhood
which is not to do with her condition at
all but it's kind of weird they get
women's come in and they take their
clothes off and I live there yeah yeah
and Anna would like what do you say that
the feminists in me is going excuse me
but it's like you know the onion
unpeeling etc and it's in no way sexual
in fact it's kind of hot it's like
showing the funner ability yeah like it
and at one point at the end she so she
doesn't have missing fingers but she has
they're passing out thing and she has no
hair and she's had a cleft palate and
they say if you could not have had this
if you can give it away would you do
that and she just started crying and
said no because I don't want anyone else
to have had to have gone through this
and I was just like doing things right
Melanie I was actually thinking now I've
been sitting here and I just think why
comment where someone had commented
saying just simply your hands beautiful
made me feel uncomfortable and I've
realised why because comments like that
often come from people who have never
commented before who I don't know and
that's the only thing they have to say
and and I find that uncomfortable and I
did I was actually having the discussion
of roxor as to whether or not it's
because I can't take a compliment all
because I just have really a shake
self-esteem so it's like I won't accept
that that person genuinely thinks that
but if it's not right Edge's we although
you weren't discussing it and to its
learn to be it's the it's the invisible
affirmation that they feel they need to
make at you yeah that is like by the way
I know who you think your hands are ugly
so I'm gonna tell you that they're
beautiful you like me
I guess what I know that that comes from
a good place from someone so like I do
appreciate that and it's not like oh my
god I hate it's just I find that
comments strange I suppose yeah and
people do email me a lot to talk and
that is great and I and also if that
came in an email from someone saying
look Jenny you don't know me I just want
to say I think your hands are beautiful
I'd probably take that bet in an email
because they're not doing it in front of
other people yeah it is not under the
context of a video that had nothing to
do but you don't have to all email me
now going Jenny well it's like you're
just getting on with your life and then
it's people reminding you the rest the
words out there which is like hard fit
because you know obviously they're
looking at you're looking in at your
life and mean like the rest of world's
out there but I think you're cool it's
more like you're just turned live your
life like that's not that it's just
reminding people is the same with people
being like random a message maybe like
Lena I don't think you need to lose
anyway I think you're perfect just the
way you are and you're like I'm like I
asked
Thanks I think too you know or just like
thanks for representing curvy girls on
life like my awesome maybe I'm coming
across here as someone who's very hard
to please but we're all just chatting
here trying to work out what the best
foot forward is and obviously I mean I'm
approaching this as a cisgendered white
person not a straight person but you
know we all got boxes
exactly if someone is mean to me like I
won't be that mean back to them normally
my friends are like why don't you get
really angry with them and shout at them
and there is that thing I suppose when
your other is that you have to set a
really good example so that other people
think that those people are nice I don't
want to fulfill that criteria of being
like an awful person by giving them the
satisfaction of being with them being my
crowd cheers yeah see she was one of the
evil witch in the woods with the apples
exactly which I find really weird anyway
just say that okay I hope I hope that
I've come across we become quite well
here please think that really good
example for someone with Jen you can't
be prejudiced at all look at that and
thank you for joining me becoming a
little bit less stupid today and please
if you have any questions stupid or
otherwise but nor is the place not mean
please leave them in the comments down
below or you can email me and because
this makes sense this is in context this
is like on topic you can absolute what
if people can email me whenever
seriously link I'm surely neural link my
channel down below either email for
emotional reasons my email address is
here oh thanks it's Jen V Campbell at
gmail.com thank you so much Jen yeah
welcome one of my favorite people in the
world oh you know that lobsters mate for
life I just I just a weight to him I
just want to thank the guy he was really
concerned that Jen was trying to poison
me with her cookie because I worry about
that sometimes and it's not really about
the hands it's more just about her
general like agenda for life my name is
intimidatingly boyfriend I'd want to
assassinate me you are too good to be
true
rogue snog out
Nellie says bye
