right I'm really excited about all the
new friends that have joined me on the
Jessica's my frog channel but if you
have been around quite a long time you
might remember that I made a quite
contentious video a few years ago
talking about whether we really need ye
and in this modern time who is it for
now I really really like why and when
it's done well it can be a game-changer
when it's done badly it can still get
away with it quite easily and that's
what that's what does for showing me
what I've been into for a while is
highlight some of the most special books
in this genre that I really think are
doing it right there issue-based they're
age-appropriate they are honestly why a
books that are so good and so
meticulously planned and well executed
that they can appeal to a wide range of
readers
I particularly pulled out all of these
books because they're ones one that I
love and two that are issue based and
they're coming at it specifically from a
teenage perspective they're really
making use and honestly utilizing the
point of the genre of way so without
further ado something that I struggled
with in my teenage years and sometimes
continue to struggle with is wait I've
got two books here to deal with that
issue in very different ways so I
thought I'd cover them Fiona depression
I read maybe when it's about twelve and
then again when I was about fourteen and
then I just read it very recently Ellie
is in what is clearly the early stages
of an eating disorder however because
it's being told from her perspective you
don't quite notice until you're already
in it because it's a book and not a TV
program I think body dysmorphia can be
done really really well so you never
really see Ellie as she actually is
because she draws herself in the book
all the time you only see the way she
sees herself which i think is really
powerful and actually I identified with
a lot when I was a kid because Ellie
herself likes to draw and it's an artist
as an adult you can read it and see it
through the kind of you know male gaze
female gaze your gaze and kind of stages
and see at the end that she draws
herself as she truly sees herself and
and that was like an amazing moment for
me when I was a kid as well because even
though I didn't know about the you know
the male gaze or like how like body
dysmorphia in different ways you can
feel displaced it gives you that early
sense of self portraiture that we now
talk about with selfies for me this book
was almost cathartic because it's so
accurately depict how claustrophobic
you feel in your own body and how clumsy
and how suffocating you how suffocated
you feel but also suffocating other
people because you feel like you hit
walls too fast you like weirdly don't
know where the end and beginning of your
body is and like that's what this made
me feel but like it when I was when I
was a teenager it made me feel it to
such an extent that I started
recognizing for what it is it kind of
took it to the extreme and then I was
like oh yeah that is how I feel maybe
not as extremely as Zelly but I do feel
it and now I can recognize it because
I've seen it in such a magnified way and
it also deals really well with the
competitiveness of friends and showing
you how to steer through that and
especially if you have thin beautiful
friends like I do and still do second
one's dealing with weight is butter I
pick this up a couple of years ago
because I read the premise and was like
how are you going to do this sorry so
sometimes it doesn't really matter what
genre or what's a topic a book is
dealing with if I read the Bourbon I'm
like I don't think you could do that
then I buy it this book opens with a boy
sitting in front of a web camera
purposefully eating himself to death as
all of his classmates in a different
place
watch well is it crazy premise it's one
that the author made very believable and
is quite upsetting
I think if I've read this as a teenager
it would have not only helped me
understand those people in my class that
were truly very overweight but also the
mindset of the people who bully them
what I love about butter is that while
his weight is the thing that is
obviously a catalyst for this book it
isn't his whole character and actually
don't spend a lot of time when you're
getting to know him as a reader thinking
about his weight or really like you know
being able to picture it because you
find out all this other stuff about and
I think that's what some other books do
wrong is that they don't you know though
they'll say oh you know this person is
victimized because of this thing all
this things happening to them and then
that that problem becomes the character
and you're like that wasn't the point in
fact that's the opposite of the point
I thought the pacing on this is
brilliant I thought the characterization
was great I thought the the whole
overall plot how it ended how it begun
the whole thing was just really well
executed and I think this is a really
healthy and good contribution to the
discussion on teenagers and weight onto
self-harm and suicide this is red tears
by Jaron Kendrick
I'll be honest I think this is more of a
educational tool than anything this book
helped me understand a lot about the
thought process behind and what it is to
self harm and the obsessive tendencies
behind it it was it was a great
educational tool and it was also um
would be a really interesting one to
having like a parents reading club or
something
talking about how a parent would deal
with that because sometimes this parent
isn't great but you can see how she
default to that or assume that it was
okay it is a really interesting book to
read and a good tool I'd say if you're a
social worker or you are somebody
struggling this kind of thing or trying
to understand a friend then it is a
really good tool to be like that is how
that must be how you feel but in all
fairness and to make sure all of my
reviews are honest I would say that
language wise it was lacking I just
don't think there's that much literary
skill behind this book I didn't I wasn't
impressed by that at all however it goes
in here because it is one of the most
vivid and I think most accurate
depictions of self harm when you are
definitely in the lower end of your
teenagers this book walking naked has a
gravely weird cover but remains one of
my favorite books today I reread this
quite a lot of times I first found it in
the library
not this copy I didn't steal from Moby I
first found in the library when I was
like quite young and I read it and it's
very very short and it's about a very
mysterious girl mysterious girl at
school and her name is Perdita and she's
the weird freak kid at school nobody
likes her she has lots she's shrouded in
mystery those kind of tropes and but I
think this one's really complex because
it shows a girl who is drawn to that
sadness and drawn to what is going on
with her it doesn't want to be and and
then kind of recognizes what she's doing
in contrast to red tears this one is
stunningly written I think it's very
literary
my favorite Yeats poem in it and I still
remember off by heart because that's
when I discovered Yeats I made myself a
coat covered in embroideries out of old
mythologies from heel to throat for the
false court it and wore it in the
world's rise as though they draught it
and there he goes song let them take it
for there is more Enterprise in walking
naked this is a book about depression
friending people with the depression
making sure you don't fetishize their
depression and ultimately the reality of
what is actually going on a lot of
people's lives
that we just don't realize IQ believe
there probably are quite a lot but it's
like it
it is a trope but I would also argue
that it's so old that it probably
started some of the tropes and that it's
as literary if not better and in a
literary sense than most the other stuff
I've read on the topic and it's also
just my favorite cuz it's the first one
I read and it got me into eights as well
so you can't you can't vault it on a
slightly less white privilige note we
have sold which is a collaboration
between Walker books and Amnesty
International it's easy to read but
poetic beautifully written true to form
very well research is about a girl from
Nepal who is trafficked it's very room
by Emma Donoghue boy in striped pajamas
esque in that you only really see what
she sees but you can work out quite
easily what's happening and it's
devastating obviously but again you
don't wanted a whole white privilege
thing of like oh it's though that so
devastating not gonna do anything about
it and that's why I really like the fact
that it's with I'm just international
there's lots of information in the back
about what it's based on and it
definitely educated me in what I can
never experience but should know is out
there and be informed on and it
definitely sprung me into reading a lot
more about stuff that happens elsewhere
from the UK which is very good for
everybody but should have started early
I should have read that one as a
teenager
and then just quickly to books like I'm
really excited for next year and I've
got the proofs one is killed a boy band
it's a book that I mentioned in one of
my previous videos I will be kind of
doing more stuff on it probably on book
break actually book break is a series of
books related videos that I present with
pon McMillan this is a very very easy to
read very accessible but the same time a
very intelligent look at what fandoms
are why we all get involved in them and
kind of just recording what is happening
right now like this is this feels like
this isn't something that has been
recorded properly in its show this
phenomenon of the fandom which isn't a
phenomenon by the way it's been going
over hundreds a year but anyway the I
basically dissect our approach to fund
them is a very feminist and very
thorough and very intelligent look and
while also making it hilarious and fun
at our approach to boy bands and
deity and there's some like it goes in a
really dark punchy place it's just like
really hilarious and like it's it's kind
of almost a bit slapstick in places and
you're just like why is this what's
happening and in fact I'd love to cease
as a film um but yeah they kidnap a boy
I remember and then like they may or may
not put his life in danger so I should
kill him I don't think a hint at the
chance of fatality is a spoiler seeing
that the Titans killed a boy band on a
nasty you've got beautiful broken things
the cover actually looks like this and
this particularly is one that I think
everybody who has any age should read
it's about two girls that are actually
quite similar and have very different
parents and you forget that when you're
a teenager who your parents are in that
what they want from you is a massive
part of who you are but you end up
getting on with people that are very
similar to you deep down but
circumstantially how your parents are
and how they treat you is it's just like
most of your world so it's about two
girls trying to connect over that void
really it's all from the main characters
perspective and the main character
thinks as I still often do that I need a
significant life event like I have been
so much good stuff has happened to me
that like I don't really have a proper
narrative like a real heroine and I need
like something dramatic to happen to me
and she's drawn to this other girl
because she seems to attract drama
wherever she goes and then as she gets
close to her she realizes the impact
that it has on her and they go on
adventures it does a really good job of
not stigmatizing
the bad girl and shows how parents can
see their children in this like hugely
distorted way it made me think about two
things it made me think about how
differently I would parent to the woman
in it like basically I would like
parents to read this book and be like
yeah I shouldn't do that that's actually
really bad to tell your child that there
are people that are bad for you and bad
influences and like she's not good news
and using rhetoric like that without
really unpacking it and thinking about
it and understanding it what is like
bubbling under the surface is let you
know me me seeing how these like socio
class divides happen not just money-wise
but like those are the people that have
troubles kind of class separation and
I'll just like oh this is how it begins
um and it also made me think about how
often I read y-a books
that are about the wrong kind of romance
because it's true when you're a teenager
and I think the author's said this as
well and when you're a teenager the
great loves of your teenage years on the
boys they are friends like they're the
people that you fall hard in love with
the work of relationships with and
they're the people that you really share
parts of yourself with and build
yourself around if it's not the boys or
the girls
it's those platonic friendships that
when you're young or almost like
romantic in nature because they're just
so whirlwind and so close and so special
and it may be you could have think about
a lot about the friends that I was
really lucky to know when I was a
teenager and some of them I still know
reading this reminded me that I should
want to see more of this and less of
here's the boy does he like me I don't
know I'm bored Adana plus there's no
reason to spend that in Y a because
frankly a lot of the especially the
women's section of the fiction section
also covers that so there's no rush
talking about boys in way because we'll
be here for a while I'll live with you I
would like to do another one of these
videos and I would like it to be more
diverse I would like to include
disability I would like to include more
kinds of racial diversity I would like
to include transgender stuff I would
like to include some homosexual stuff I
would like to include some stuff about
people who don't identify straight and
so if you have any suggestions for those
I've read some of them and I've got some
ideas of what I do but if you have any
suggestions for those please leave them
in the comments below I'm aware that if
I'm talking about suicide and oppression
I should also be reading this and I will
try to it very soon those are the topics
I wanted to cover in this video but I
would very much like to cover other
stuff in other videos thank you for
watching I hope you're doing very well
I'm gonna leave links to all of the
books below if you buy them through my
Book Depository link it means to get a
little tip like I was a waitress serving
in some wine or I was a real bookseller
and I searched some books in a shop same
thing do you subscribe for more videos
if you would like to support this
channel on patreon I would really
appreciate it
the link is below and I'll see you in my
next one
tell me this books that I'm supposed to
read tell me tell me now
