if you watched my video a while ago on
why I don't use Goodreads you'll know
that I'm not really into like saying
I'll do things because I hate not doing
the things I'll say how I do if you're
my friend in real life you'll know that
I struggle to keep two things in general
as my job is in publishing there are a
lots of books that I have to read
urgently so I see my free time reading
as something that is completely
spontaneous and I don't really like
thinking about what I'm going to read I
like to just pick on the spot and also
the aim of books surely is to change you
and to change your attitudes to things
and to change what you're excited about
so with TBR's they kind of confuse me in
some ways all of that being said I was
rearranging my shelves for the new year
thanks to Maria Kondo and there were a
few books that I picked out that I was
just like I look at them and I'm like
I'm so excited and so I thought I'd show
you some of them some of them are ones
that have come out a while ago and I've
just excited to read and some of them
haven't come out yet the first one is
all the rage by Courtney summers which
is one that I am gonna start reading
basically as soon as I turn this camera
off and this is coming out in January
and it's a book about rape culture and
it's a why a book so I really want to
know how they treat this I'm really
excited about it it's coming out on the
28th of January and the blurb says the
footsteps stopped but the birds are
still singing singing about a girl who
wakes up on a dirt road and doesn't know
what happened to her the night before
the next one is a proof I found in a
pile of like discarded books somewhere
from a publisher called one world it's
called the prison book club and it's
basically about a person who starts a
book club in a prison and I read the
first few pages and I was enthralled and
I've been meaning to read it ever since
so I'm now gonna get to that this is one
I've already started and loved already I
am sorry to think I've raised a timid
son by Kent Russell you might seen that
I hold this back in like I know all this
and I'm just getting to if I want to
read like weirdly I know that like
literature is permeated with like white
male voices but actually because of
growing up in like I don't know what are
we on now seventh wave feminism I feel
like I don't read a lot of books by men
especially about masculinity and I would
like to because it's this experience
that I don't have this is to do with the
US military and
listing and like how that works and how
that makes you feel when you grow up in
a society that expects you to do that
and basically to die for masculinity I
want to read about it again this is one
I have started very briefly but I'm so
excited to finish very very soon
this is severe Khan is not obliged and
it's about a woman who works in a
publishing house in London and is a
Muslim she starts randomly chatting
about her like catastrophic experiences
of dating and they enlist her to write a
memoir on Muslim dating and it sounds
hilarious it sounds like a cross between
it's not me it's you and Bridget Jones
with some hijab jokes so I was excited
the protagonists of all of the rom-com
books I've ever read have been white
females so I met lucky people the story
of the roman egypt sees is one of the
most beautiful books i've ever owned
and I almost haven't wanted to read this
brought two years and I almost haven't
got to it because like I'm just so
excited do you ever get that when you're
just like I'm gonna I'm gonna love you
you might see that I read gypsy girl in
2015 and I watch a lot of my big Gypsy
Wedding and I've gone to a few talks on
Rome any racism and stuff and so I well
what I remove this so I can like
actually know what the hell I'm talking
about rather than just thinking about it
in my head I am perfecting perfecting
I'm working on the writing I did during
NaNoWriMo so write 50,000 words for
NaNoWriMo might see some of the post-it
notes behind me I'm working on making
that better and adding to it and just
making it a piece of work that I'm more
happy with and I wanted to read some
more books I think sitting the genre
that I'm trying to write in and so I've
got my Salinger year which is one that
loads of you have told me to read a lot
this is about a girl who works in the
literary agent of JD Salinger and then
animals which is one that Catelyn Moran
says it's good and loads of people were
raving about it when I first came in I
got sent this by the lovely people have
books in my bag and I've just so so been
meaning to read it it just did this is a
proof copy of mrs. London it's my
ben-judah who's an amazing journalist
and it's an overview of loads of
different political and historical and
current day commentaries on what London
is like today I never make the most of
living in London
and I love what I do make the most out
of but I'd love to connect with them all
and just think about it bit more alone
learn some stuff
this is room by Emma Donoghue I don't
know how many different copies of this
I've owned over the years and just never
read and then lost but I just saw I saw
twice actually the screening of the film
that is coming out in January I think in
the UK and I probably gonna do a
separate video on that but I just
thought it's just one of the best films
I've seen all all bloody yeah / life
this is a book about a woman who gets
kidnapped and kept in a room and it's
told from her child's perspective
because their child is born in the room
and the way she chooses to help him
through that is to tell him that there
the room is only the room and there is
nothing else outside the room and he's
just like lives very contently with that
fact until the undivided past is a book
that I got looks like pretty far through
a long time ago and never finished and
then I keep seeing I have any business
discussions about how we divide race I
don't know if you saw there was a really
cool video called like I am NOT black
that's been going around for a while and
I'm like like loads of different stuff
is going on in my head and I'm like I
think a lot of the stuff is in this book
and I think is written by so many more
intelligent than me that's double
research so I should probably read this
before I say I don't think about
anything now this this you might
recognise is when we were alive by our
friend Jessie Fisher chassis one of my
first friends on eg / YouTube name is a
philia dagger and I still live with her
and now she has a bloody book out
I'm so proud so this is the proof copy
I'm really really excited to read this
and out in March get a little bit
emotion get that foot down and then
lastly I am so excited for this this is
a proof coffee of Mari McFarland's new
book who's that girl I don't even want
to read the blurb because I don't care
what it's about
I love my room Fallon's writing and I'll
basically read anything that she writes
I just finished the audiobook of his
looking at you now I'm gonna read this
one and everything's gonna be great then
we're all my books that I'm excited
about what books are you excited to read
in 2016 I really want to get through all
of these as fast as possible so do keep
me to it I know I'm like resistant of
TBR's bite I need to go vote
of commitment in all walks of my life
but let's focus on books for now thanks
for watching and I will see you in 2016
