the next one is all this has nothing to
do with me
I read this very early in the year and
later in the air was lucky enough to
start working for the publishing house
so if you watch book break which is the
cool thing that I do you might see more
stuff around it on there but this is a
very funny collection I've just written
in the margin of one of the things this
is everything a very like funny
collection of emails and texts and
objects that it's one girl's absolute
obsession with a man in her office and
it's about unrequited love
it's very intelligent it's very funny
it's very very short which we like and
she even like draws out where they sit
in the office and stuff it's just really
creepy
like I love creepy stuff but if you like
listening to like Kate Nash and like
kind of and Taylor Swift songs about
like creepy love that you're like this
is creepy but also like really funny
because they recognize it and now I can
laugh at myself it's like that the first
page opens with a picture of the Titanic
and it says the first section of our
analysis will focus on the pathological
phenomenon blind love we see how an
individual can be unexpectedly struck
down by this tenacious illness even
though that same person has so far been
caressing artlessly yet confidently
through life scientifically speaking it
is noteworthy even poignant to identify
some of the early indicators of the
disaster ahead these intrinsic signs
ignite like warnings written in letters
of fire and yet the individual passes
hastily by with the innocent smile of a
child being led to a sacrificial altar
absolutely brilliant translate from
French as well another one that kind of
reminds me of this is a book that I did
a review of ages ago the book is
actually underneath my bed really far
really far back guys it's really far
it's called important artifacts and
personal property from the collection of
lenore doolan and harold morris
including books street fashion and
jewelry that is what it's called it's a
really funny take on an auction auction
catalog where a couple's possessions
that remind them of each other are being
auctioned off and you can work out the
story from reading the entries in the
catalog and it's just devastating and
very clever
an excellent is the magic are tidying
everyone's laughing at me for like in
this book but I think it's brilliant
I might do if anybody would like to see
it let me know in the comments below
maybe I will do a like how to tidy up
your life and kind of video because I
have got rid of about 2/3 of my stuff in
the past 6 months and it's been really
really great and I like completely
changed my attitude to owning stuff
because I think that when you're a kid
and you don't you know that all of your
possessions are your mum and dads you
want to like buy stuff to be like this
is mine this is my castle these are my
things these are my subject and after a
while you're like actually this is like
having more of a negative impact on me
than a positive one basically it's a
it's this like slightly unhinged
Japanese woman who has developed a
method called the konmari method of
tidying up and the theory is that you
take a lot of time maybe six months
getting rid of a lot of your stuff stuff
that you don't need stuff that doesn't
bring you joy and then you never have to
tidy up again which is a very very
tempting prospect and what I have been
tidying up and tidying a lot less and
there are a few things in it they're
like a little bit like can you calm down
Maria condo on the whole like telling me
that I should be wearing lady like
pajamas um but in general it was like a
really great pep talk so I think a lot
of people are naturally tidy and like
solid like what's very just like why do
you even like this book but Donna's very
naturally tightly organized person oh
I'm just not and sometimes I need a pep
talk and this was just an elongated pep
talk suddenly advice was quite obvious
but some of it I hadn't thought of
before and and like it was just a big
surge to be like right you mean thoughts
out and you're like yeah cool that would
definitely change my life for better
this year
so that's why it's in the list and next
is the grace keepers I did a review of
that before I will link it below and so
I'm not going to spend too much time
talking about that here but I just
thought it was bloody brilliant and it's
like got all of the elements that I love
it's got magical realism
it's got circuses it's got mermaids it's
got it just but beautiful literary
phrases it's got tragedy basically I
think there was a boardroom somewhere
plotting we were just like we're gonna
get Lina to buy this book let's go big
magic is a book that I just read and I
would love to do another video on this
later so I won't talk about too much
don't talk about too much again don't be
excited it's libelous
error
by Elizabeth Gilbert and I will link a
free
I think it's free was at 99p an
hour-long interview that is available
inaudible of her talking about this
theme so I would suggest that either you
listen to her TED talk which is about
genius and creativity or you listen to
that and then decide whether you would
like to read the whole book I listen to
an audio book I think Elizabeth Gilbert
has the most beautiful voice she reads
out herself and that book enchanted me I
was just in a daze it was like a lot of
things that I'd been struggling to
express for a long time about why we
create and how like important is and how
we don't we're not taught to like value
it as you know it's kind of like my
bathtub busking series where my ethos is
like we should just do it because it's
fun and it's good for us and it's like
not doesn't have to be this big thing
and it definitely made me do NaNoWriMo
as well and I'm really really proud of
that so gomey I'm going as with Gilbert
spinster is another book that I'm
definitely gonna re listen to that was
again I listen to inaudible and again
it's read by the author I think it's so
much more powerful man they read it that
book is just brilliant it's a memoir
about a woman who was an attached for a
long time and she gets really curious
about it and she basically picks for
herself five almost like Big Sister
guiding and character types from history
of like women who are and not who lived
their lives not being maritally attached
talks about like vogue columnist in the
1890s and how it traces like the history
of single women and it also talks about
her story in this really clever and
engaging and very relatable way and it
had just this really beautiful rhythm to
it as well that I really just
appreciated one or not just level and
already did everybody on that one so
everything everything but I'm probably
gonna read it again at some point and
make a video of it
and then lastly is a matter of Harbor
the arts of asking I did mention this in
my booktubeathon video briefly again
definitely making another video on it
Amanda Palmer started off as a street
performer she was the 8 foot bride from
what
she learnt from being a street performer
and just actively asking for things and
taking something in return and the kind
of relationship between the audience and
the creator and drove her to do her
whole music career in this completely
different way it's just a book about how
to be a good person it's a book about
asking with respect no no no it also has
in the audio book it has her songs in it
and in the book it's printed I'm reading
I've really read it physically now but I
first listened to it a lot of people
related their experience with their
local buskers they saw their tips in the
Hat - not this charity but as payment
for a service if asking is a
collaboration begging is a less
connected demand begging can't provide
value to a giver by definition it offers
no exchange here are the words on the
blog that comment is used over and over
trying to describe begging asking is
like a courtship begging you're already
naked and hunting and it is the
difference between begging for money
without doing something and making a
collaborative project with people and
really just genuinely caring about them
like I wish that every big famous
youtuber would read this book and then
just like approach their audiences in
their comment section and the way they
share their life very differently
because you I think she does the
difference between like guarding herself
and also just like treating people that
like her music as humans in this like
really amazing way and also if you like
very much it's also about how she fell
in love and married Neil Gaiman which is
also very nice okay I've taken up far
too much time that was really stressful
but really amazing cuz it made me think
about all of the amazing stuff I've read
in 2015 and my next I will also be
putting up the video on all the books
that I'm excited to read in 2016 if
you're interested in that that will be
going up soon and thank you for watching
all of the links these books will be in
the downbar if you would like to buy it
through my buddy
anybody through that link I get a little
bit of a tip like hey I'm a bookseller
or I am waiting on your table giving you
wine oh you should buy them from your
local independent bookshop please and
thank you folks no go
it's so refreshing to just read
something them like oh this is science
and it's brilliantly written thank you
