so I've been reading a proof copy of
this book it's called kill the boy band
and it's not a may next year and I've
been really enjoying it and at the same
time I've been listening to podcasts
about fandoms
and how we like expand and shrink our
worlds depending on who we idolize
recently I've been thinking about the
kind of thing as I can see mainly
because I know that the traditional
media that I read thinks that the rest
of the stuff that I can seem outside of
the traditional media is insane and
needs some kind of like weird commentary
on it which is strange it's almost like
a nervousness where they need they feel
the need to like make some kind of weird
commentary at me about the things like
concealing outside of them and it's
that's a whole nother video and it
doesn't mean think a lot about what I
can see my I can seem it however much
consumerism and sponsorship and like
life has changed gt-r over the years I
still think it's probably the most
positive space I hang out on on the
Internet
especially because those beliefs were
challenged when the scenery nearer came
out with her social media drama and I
think it's something to do with deity
and being very aware as I don't think my
parents were that we live in this huge
global society with so when I think when
something like Paris happens as well I
feel the world shrinking a little bit
and becoming smaller and more condensed
and like big world events are happening
to you you feel a lot more
interconnected with global situations
and things that aren't happening
anywhere near you and I think in some
ways that's really cool it can like amp
things up healthily or things
unhealthily depending on the situation
and how you handle it I feel like I'm
always at the credits of the film when
they're like zooming in on the world
where they're telling you what kind of
country and then what town and what city
the hero lives in and then pulling you
back out again and teasing you I feel
like there's a tape and it's stuck and
it's just I'm constantly mm-hmm makes me
feel quite sick on an intellectual level
being zoomed in and out all the time
Wow summer in the city and VidCon you do
see that certain type of fan that while
the traditional media will tell you that
as a new phenomena it's not and it's
something that actually I think
traditional media breeds a lot more than
YouTube ever could well that's all
exists I would even say it's become a
lot less prevalent in our society as a
whole and that is because YouTube and
spaces like it
create like spaces for people to be
themselves or as much as themselves as
they can be now there's lots of people
that are fake on YouTube and I think
that is genuinely more of an issue with
them not being able to be themselves in
front of people than the platform in all
the audience inherently stopping them
from being that way I also think that I
love the fact that I make youtube videos
because sometimes it means that I can
people know me people that I know in
real life know me a lot better than they
would do without it because I have this
platform to create things on and have
ideas on and have rants on they can go
and check into whenever they won and see
a bit more of me but they don't need to
be confronted with it in everyday life
and I don't need to like be like I just
made the greatest stop-motion video do
you want to watch it on my phone like I
don't need to do that because if they
want to check up and see what I'm doing
it's it's less of her like vigorous
intense conversation it's more of like a
gallery situation where they can go and
wander around my head for a bit if they
want to I think that's a lot more of a
healthy way to learn about people rather
than this paparazzi stalking kind of way
compared to most pop stars in history
Alfie deyes and Zoe sugg are a lot more
consensual in the way they share
information with viewers they like
constantly reporting it they upload it
in some ways you could argue that that
is their currency as their truth like
that's what their current content is is
their consent their constant everyday
consent to show you what their lives are
like rather than it being more of like a
thing in this book I think the premise
is work is for girls instead of going to
their favorite boy band concert they go
to their favorite boy band concert who
called the reprints and they stay in the
hotel the band astanga and they kidnap
one of the members and they may or may
not kill them I'm not sure I haven't
found out yeah but I think they might
kill him accidentally I hasten to add
anyway the point is always the point
point is also I was like at the same
time they might switch on - is there a
love lock I was watching like my friend
Marion's video that she related a few
months ago those were just really
watching a video of her and Liam singing
and I was just watching it being like oh
friends are so talented like that's so
cool and then you know clicking onto one
at least easy juicy is such a good
filmmaker this is amazing like taking on
my French on Z's video which is a very
honest and very clever look at why she
was always a difficult reader and how
she came to reading very late in life I
was just sitting here on my bed when
like where I guess like most families
are watching television or I guess I
used to watch television a lot of people
in the Britain are watching television
I'm sitting on my bed and I'm watching
my friends and thinking about how
talented they are but not being
intimidated by them not wondering what
their favorite color is or who they're
dating right now because of the like our
time consuming from them I'm literally
just sitting here being like I'm really
glad that I know such cool people
they're really talented and I'm really
inspired by them and you know what I
might just like shut my screen you know
make something myself
people can rarely print as many lies
about celebrities anymore because you
can let you just click onto it like if
celebrities Twitter feed and they will
confirm or deny basically if they want
to and that and that is amazing there
isn't that capacity for rumor and that
capacity for mythology around people so
much and while we humans and we still
create it I'm I realized that when I
meet people who like also know about
YouTube which is like basically
everybody now you know there always be
in exchange where I'll say do you watch
this personally but oh no I've never
heard of that person and in my head
they're really huge and then they'll
tell me about somebody that they watch
and then they can't believe that I don't
I haven't heard about this person and
I'm like generally I find subscribe from
a youtuber that is maybe under a hundred
thousand subscribers I might might just
forget the exist I'm I never hear from
them again because they they don't enter
your sphere unless you consent to it
unless you see it well not as much
anyway and I don't feel like the same as
celebrity like I wish I knew less about
Adele I really wish I did sometimes like
why do I know so much about her I like
never I opted into that like I just
don't care about her music like I don't
I just don't care but I seem to know a
lot about her because because of the way
traditional media works it will just
keep snapping at the face of the facts
that you just don't need or as the
content that you can zoom on YouTube is
usually quite self-contained it's
usually about some of these family or
somebody's interests or it might
literally just be about
his friendship groups and whether that's
playing some kind of stupid challenge
with their best friend it's like in some
ways a lot more insular and they've
shrunk their universes down to fit in
this video but in some ways isn't that
healthier than just like making content
in traditional magazines in these papers
where you're literally just reporting
what everybody else is doing which i
think is like slightly vapid and it's
starting to annoy me now that I've been
consuming it for so long because I'm
like a lot of it is literally about
nothing like it's about other things and
not even in I'm bringing new things the
conversation kind of way basically I
think it's cool that I'm going back to a
state that I was at probably I was about
13 and I used to really like idolized my
my my friends older brothers I'm like
I'm the oldest child so I never had any
older brothers and sisters and I swear I
used to look up to my friends but this
doesn't be like that's so cool sometimes
they're in bands when we go and see
their bands play or like I don't mind
some art that they've done and then put
on Facebook and I was like that's so
cool they're like my idols but there
were so touchable idols they weren't
like people that I genuinely would like
cry if I wasn't like friends with or
like you know sometimes they wouldn't
talk to me and that would be cool like
it wouldn't be the end of my world if
they talked to me I wouldn't ask for a
signature from them I didn't think that
they were deities I didn't think they
were untouchable I thought they were
cool people they were older than me that
would like to be like and I feel like
YouTube has brought me out of the way
the traditional media has made me and
put me back in that 13-year old body
I look at my friends like Sanne like
Lucy like and like John like Jazza and I
think I'd like to make on terror that
they're really inspiring me like that no
I don't want your signature juggler no
Sanne
I don't want to steal your punch I don't
crave that surreal kind of contact with
the creators that I love the material of
because I have a real-life interaction
with them and I think because the world
of YouTube can be so small and because
there are they so many small pockets of
like communities in the YouTube
community you can get to know people
that you admire and aspire to be and you
can inspire other people in a way that
you might feel so insignificant when
you're part of a very small line in the
rain queuing outside the o2 center
Center to maybe like hug a member of One
Direction
like it can make you feel very small you
can really drink your concept of who you
are as a person whereas being part of a
community of creators and finding your
little pocket of the community where you
are part of people who are a similar
size to you and you're all swapping
ideas maybe that's way more value like
all you're watching and you're really
happy and satisfied to know as much as
that youtuber has told you about
themselves and you're really honored to
have been told that as a human human
rather than being like I got a little
bit of information I wonder if I stalk
the internet a little bit more I can
find out more I can read all these
newspapers and find out or maybe if I
hang around outside the hotel room like
I think there's less I stood over I
think there is a lot less of that and
YouTube especially if you want to make
friends and YouTube and you want to make
a little bit of content and find people
who are similar sized to you and make
content together because I think it
brings up the whole quality of YouTube
rather than like a few people being
really good at music and singing and
going on The X Factor it means that like
there's this whole band of people in a
generation who are really good at
telling stories and really good at
reporting on themselves and really good
at being analytical I'm really good at
listening to other people and you will
become a little bit better at something
rather than like everybody's staring
inwards and shrinking their universes to
make it all about these four people who
might I don't know
sing songs about love love haven't told
me yet I'm waiting on my uh-huh
I can't taught enough what do you guys
think I'd also like to do a video on
YouTube channels that changed my life
because I felt there's quite a lot of
them actually there's some there's some
ichi channels that i owe a lot to um
some i do that at some point let me know
if you'd like to see that and what do
you what does what does EEG mean to you
are we lost
is youtube a vehicle for evil it's a
probably not but you can try and
convince me in the comments if you'd
like thanks for hearing me rocks not
help
