yo so my room is a mess and that is
because I put all of the books that I
had to review as I read them on my floor
thinking that will make me tidy up
because it'll make me review the books
and then the room will be tidy turns out
I haven't got around to reviewing the
books room is mess so under duress from
my past self I am reviewing these books
so I can put them away first one is
fangirl by Rainbow Rowell I've been
shouted at by so many people to read
this book and my hesitations have been a
never read Rainbow Rowell before so I'm
not so I wasn't so excited about that as
everybody else is because I've never
read any so I don't know if I if I liked
her style or I trusted her as an author
I also was just like I am NOT a fangirl
I'm not somebody who gets obsessive
things and that's so he was like an
interesting discussion I've had with
people where I'm like I just Taylor you
know I watched like the first I'm think
I'm the only person I've ever met that
only watched the first season of
Breaking Bad bunch of heels on my
favorite things have I read the end of
it no I've got a book over there called
gossip from the forest by Sarah Maitland
it's one of my favorite books ever have
I finished it not really I never used
Wattpad I've never written fanfiction I
like Harry Potter obviously but I don't
really get obsessed with fantasy worlds
or things like that and I'm just like
that YouTube is the only online
community I have like ever been part of
so I was bit like I like I get why
people like this but I don't feel like
I'm somebody who would like this I was
wrong I love this I am weirdly for me I
think it I liked it a lot differently to
other people because it made me
understand what it was to be a fangirl
and what it was to want to write fanfic
and be so invested in something and have
other people from the outside because
she has a roommate and I feel like I'm a
lot more like her roommate that I am her
which is again different from other
people's views because they always say
oh she was so much like me just so
introverted but so clever and lalala and
I'm like I was her annoying roommate who
didn't understand it's a college
coming-of-age story but it really does
have some serious mental health elements
to it it has like a twin aspect that I
love the way this was written was so
engaging simple but also visceral and
very tangible and like he could feel you
could feel what was happening and you
could really get inside the head of the
main character in this way that was very
like very gripping and very like media
so I don't I didn't feel like the author
was just writing about this teenager or
this young person that she was imagining
like I felt like the author was this
person there's no way that this author
wasn't in this character's head it
wasn't because I feel like sometimes
when people write teenagers they write
it from above and they write no this
wasn't that has some cool illustrations
of the characters which kind of helped
me keep track of who the characters were
but also I don't really like seeing them
I wanted to imagine them so I've now got
carrion ready on my floor for me to read
because they were so excited about
reading it after this if you don't know
how this relates to this there is some
fanfic in this book and then Rainbow
Rowell went away and worked some of the
fanfic that was featured in this book
and the fanfic is actually really good
like I was it fitted the plot that Lee
sometimes the fanfic did drag it down a
little bit but apparently this is
written very differently I also really
loved the representation of like young
relationships and how you feel when you
have a crush on somebody and how awkward
and how intimate a courtship at the
beginning can be she does a really good
job of showing not telling how that
feels and I liked it a lot I was very
impressed here in Barrow I will read
more of you as you know I have been a
Man Booker blogger and talked about on
this channel as much as I'd have liked
to kind of because I've read quite a few
of them and I was only really in love
with one of them so I'm gonna mention
three in this video and tell you what I
thought of them I'll hopefully get
around to telling you I thought about
the rest of them later I'd still really
want to finish little life because what
I've read of a little life was
absolutely devastatingly beautiful I
still want to read the fishermen and I
still want to read Saturn Island because
I think those three are the ones that I
will really enjoy so I do intend on
reading those ones I'm gonna tell you
about a few the ones I didn't like yeah
so the green road by an N right I was
really disappointed by this book I've
done an an undergrad and a master's in
English Lit I'm I don't usually I don't
go foraging around for these kinds of
books these kind of Irish family
structure lots of things unsaid people
around a table controversial stuff
that's happening in these you know it's
the personal and the political with with
the the domestic that represents the
universal haunted by Catholicism very
Irish claim
books I don't search out for them I
don't go and look for them I have
enjoyed once I've read I've read cool a
lot because there's so many on
syllabuses this was so similar in theme
and tone and aim as the Blackwater
Knight ship by comm Tobin and it just
wasn't that it was like not as good
so I'd read that if you were gonna read
anything like this I've read a few other
ones and I don't know it's just it just
feels like such it doesn't feel like it
did anything new like I was just like
brilliant I feel like this is a set text
for a course I wish I hadn't taken I
have to be honest sometimes because if
I'm not honest then you don't know that
I really mean it when I say I love a
book Marilyn Robertson's
Lila have not finished this couldn't
like I'm so close the end of age can't
finish it because nothing happens and I
feel like I've got nothing new to learn
about the characters I feel like there
were a few beautiful phrases in I think
the way the language is constructed is
really beautiful but it's a lonely book
to read because the it stole from the
perspective of somebody who is not very
complex and very lonely in my opinion as
she's dying between her and it's order
minister that she marries and it's like
her poverty versus his religious
privilege and how they both understand
predestination and how they both
understand death but it's just so
slow-moving and so an engaging and I
just couldn't I couldn't get into it
I didn't think the pacing was on it I
thought the characterization wasn't
different enough it wasn't a twist on
any archetypes we've already read about
in other books that it really engaged me
I wanted to know what happened to these
characters because I felt like I already
knew them from other books and I knew
them better however did you have a
family is one of the best books I've
ever read and me and Lauren have done a
whole discussion video knows she can
click on and view here and I just
thought this was astonishing not gonna
discuss this one too much because we've
talked about in that video but I would
happily read this again I thought was a
brilliant execution of multiple person
narrative
I thought the language was simple yet
very very skilled and I was just
generally impressed by this bill Clegg
is a literary agent and you can tell
that he's written
he's read and filtered his way through a
lot of the literary world and understood
what's out there and try to do something
just very truthful and different next is
one that I actually don't have on my
floor because I've given eye
two copies of that book and I've given
them both away because I thought was
really good was a thousand nights now if
as nice as one of the books that I did a
pretty little themed video on which you
can click here and watch it's one that I
got approached to do an ad with and they
were like here's a proof and would you
like to do an ad on this book and I was
like only if I like it
only it was a retelling of the Arabian
story of Shahrazad I've read quite a few
of those so I was a bit like what its
way and I'm not sure if I can like I've
never heard of its author so I'm gonna
do it if I really loved it I was blown
away by that book it's partly told from
the main character's perspective who's
the equivalent of Shahrazad however we
never hear her name she's the only
person that we never hear her name and
everybody else in the book isn't really
named they're all in relation to her so
it's like her sister her dad her you
know and the only person that is named
just this awful ruler who is possessed
by a demon and part of the story is
narrated by the demon and it's so clever
and it's so intricate the way it's told
is very true to the kind of culture that
comes from because I think sometimes we
can really westernize those kinds of
stories and it wasn't it was very it was
true to the construct of that culture if
that makes sense it had some magical
elements it was really unpredictable it
tied up really well in the end which is
what I felt from the beginning it was a
me to do I felt like the contract I was
entering into was a kind of very fable s
corn where thing was gonna get tied up
at the end so that didn't bother me it
really haunted me it was really it
really affected me and I think also the
point of that story is that it is not a
love story it is a love story in some
ways and it has aspects of like can you
love somebody who is you know not quite
themselves right now but at the same
time I think the main love story is
between the two sisters and it's kind of
very frozen in that way and I really
loved that when I realized you know
about two-thirds the way through the
book I was like oh my god I'm not
reading a love story highly recommend
that one next on the list we've got one
that just came out and this is Kate
Morton's the lake house you don't know I
am a presenter and producer of a new
show called book break you can click
here to watch an episode I did with Kate
we went to some of the locations in the
book and it was in Cornwall and as rakul
and this book was really engaging I've
never had any Kate Wharton before as a
bookseller I've seen copies of her book
go through the tills constantly and seen
big displays of her books and but I
never really thought they might be for
me I
why I don't know why because I was so
wrong this is a book about girl who
wants to be an author and is writing and
rewriting stories and in the process of
it writes her own story in some ways I
would I would kind of compare it to
atonement in that way that it has this
idea of stories within stories it has
some elements some very Peter Pan Alice
in Wonderland the aspects of children
going through doors but it is a realist
narrative about a child that goes
missing on New Year's Eve it's talking
two objectives one is in 1933 when the
disappearance of the little boy happens
and then one is in present day when
Sadie a detective is trying to find out
what happens they aspect something that
Beth dealt with PTSD and traumatic war
experiences really reminded me of
regeneration by Pat Baker there were
aspects of atonement in it definitely
but it was just something in itself it
was very um I haven't read historical
fiction in a long time and and I thought
it was really realistic and really
engaging and the kind of detective
aspect of it was so fun it was also it
was just such a fun thing to read or so
engaging and I had you know I had no
idea all these pages are just flying
past me I never read books this long and
I think you know Kate Moss there's a lot
more literary than I have the impression
of personally and I'm definitely going
to read I really want to read the
distant hours and there's loads more I
want to read and I have never had it's
been a long time since I've had such an
immersive experience in a book like I
was just literally just like don't speak
to me it's one that will distress and
engage and keep you guessing the whole
way through and then it will let you go
at the end at the same time it was very
self-contained very spherical and just I
just really actually liked it you should
you should read it you know how many I'm
gonna be able to get through here guys
there's so many to do okay this is
everything has teeth by ep world and Joe
Sumner Evie Wilde wrote all the boys but
all the boys singing all the birds
singing which is a book I'd love to read
and I do own but I've heard so many good
literary things about it but I said she
was she was watching a graphic novel I
had to check out this is a very intimate
memoir of her time being scared of
sharks and what that represents to her
but it's also this really great mix
between this 3d shark and this 2d world
and it's a really good dip in glance and
reminder of what it is to be
irrationally yet very rationally scared
of something and how we carry that
through and that fascination of what
we're scared of when we're young into
the rest of our lives if you like
graphic novels
and the new ways that people are
incorporating different kinds of art I
definitely check out so many more to do
but I feel like I should stop there
because I'm gonna stop being able to
give the airtime to each book that I
want to and hopefully I'll review the
rest of them very soon I also have a
halt and the TBR oh my god links to all
the books will be in the description if
you do want to tip me and go to the
repository link and buy from there it
means that I get a tiny little bit of
commission like I am a book seller or a
real book reviewer in the real
traditional world um thanks for watching
and I will see you in my next one frogs
nog out
