the publishers of the book A Thousand
nights asked me to tell you a story I
told them I was sick of stories I tell
myself lots of ridiculous stories once I
told myself a story about a boy who
would love me forever in fact I've done
that story a few times over just with
different characters and settings when i
was younger i told myself a story about
a girl who would grow up and never get a
tattoo every january i tell myself a
story about a girl who will go out every
morning at 6am and your half-hour jog
Sheila eat healthy and lose two stone in
two months and everything will be
fabulous that story is particularly
outlandish and yet I love to tell it I
tell myself stories about the future I
tell myself stories about who I will be
and then I tell myself those stories so
often that I get scared by them and I
stop telling myself story because I
start believing my own stories even the
good ones are scary because they seem
final
so I try to not tell myself stories or
at least that's what I thought
then a friend rang me in the middle of
the night and she needed a story she
needed a story with a good ending so I
spun her one I spun her one in which her
family loved her in which she was okay
when she went to the place that she
wanted to go and she met people that
were both terrifyingly stupid and
brilliantly awesome there were
devastating moments in the story I'll
give you that but there were high points
oh there were high points I told a story
about a girl who built her own family
you wandered through life and bumped
into walls and on the way compared
bruises with the other people next her
but that character was resilient that
character was lively that character was
relentless that's the bit I don't have
to make up and soon I realized that
telling stories is the only way they
come true telling stories is really the
only way you make truth it's the only
way you start to imagine the future it's
the only way you start to believe what
will one day be true
everything's going to be okay I changed
my perspective on stories stories can
stay
