yo yo guess where I am actually farm why
am I a hackney farm well as you guys
know I bloody love making videos I hope
you've noticed on the channel that been
trying a little bit harder with my tiny
little hands of a tiny little brain I
have you been during the new phones of
content I've been making I have a little
announcement for you it's a little one
I've been recently appointed as the new
creative producer at Pan Macmillan as in
pan macmillan as in picador as in
publishers of Bridget Jones which while
the publishers of other stuff is as we
know the most important thing and
they've allowed me to start my own book
show it's called book break
oh yeah I'd love for you guys to head
over and have a little look at what I've
been doing and if you like it I'd love
you to subscribe you'll be seeing weekly
videos from me there as well as here
bubble bubble toil and double trouble
whoa load of bird everything's against
me if you can subscribe over there you
probably will eventually find out what
the hell I'm in Hackney far nothing's
gonna change or just kiss my frog I've
got lots of it really exciting videos
waiting to go up here too but if you
would like to go and have a look and if
you like it subscribe then I would like
quite like that thanks for watching
hmm guess where we are too slow Cornwall
you
