hi guys my name is Lena I read books
you're watching just kiss my frog these
are some books I read them I'm gonna
tell you about the books I just wanted
to locate you in the situation you're in
right now first book I heard about
bought and read today it's called the
age of earthquakes it's got three
authors one of them being Douglas
Coupland Douglas Coupland follows me
around I swear like I haven't actually
read any of the books that he has
written but I think I own about three of
them and he's something that somebody
every else seems to quote in their books
and he his ideas keep finding their way
to me and I keep trying to avoid them
and actually only halfway through this I
realized that he was one of the authors
not like Douglas you found me this is an
astonishing astonishing book it's
basically it's a it's a nonfiction with
nonfiction it's a nonfiction book one
it's a it's a nonfiction book that
discovers the individual it's a
nonfiction book that discusses the
interaction between physical and intent
islam is a nonfiction book it's a
nonfiction book that discusses
individualism versus like the it's a
nonfiction book with discusses
individualism versus like group mob one
organism mentality of civilization and
humanity and the interaction between
reality and the internet and how that is
maybe gonna disrupt the world that we
know now and as such has been designed
in a way to really grab and keep your
attention while kind of meta fictionally
discussing what it means to have an
attention span a lot of it is done
through the discussion of definitions
here's one of my favorite definitions of
the book narrative drive noun the belief
that a life without a story is a life
not worth living ironically accompanied
by the fact that most people cannot
ascribe a story to their lives it does
really clever things with the pages like
this stuff like this you know the
futures really happening when you start
feeling scared the future loves you but
it doesn't need you thought bubble
healthy people are bad for capitalism
and also there's no shopping in star
wars its discussions on voting decel
fiing willingly diluting one sense of
self and ego by
plastering the Internet with as much
information as possible undi selfing
now an aka reselling the attempt usually
frantic and futile to reverse the D
selfing process apart from the ideas
it's part to my mind they're gonna keep
me up for weeks or make me decide that
nothing is worth doing ever it's just
one of the most intelligent and kind of
a new on streeting experiences I've ever
had in a physical form and I think it's
a really great thing and I would love to
see how it works an e-book actually but
I'd rather say less about it than more
to be honest because it will literally
take you one sitting I think this
probably took me like an hour to read an
hour and a half and I just think that it
will widen your imagination on what a
book can be if you use the internet
struggle with a sense of self and plan
to stay alive in the future I think that
maybe you should read this you can quote
me on that
almost like you like to note this is
what called dear reader and it's
published by Pushkin press you've
probably seen their beautiful additions
around the very beautiful format and
design is just something that all make
me open my wallet at any moment at any
point in the month however close or far
away is to payday they specialize in
translated text and you might know
that's something that I really like to
thing if I'm horrific ly monolingual
this is a gentle pitter-pattering and
then stab you in the heart with
realizations small but but beautifully
crafted little book about publishing
follows the fictional few months of a
life of an old publisher from France who
owns his own company and has been slowly
starting to listen to the interns that
are coming into his company and talking
about new publishing new media it starts
when his usual weekend routine of
sitting there with huge manuscripts on
his belly kind of pushing one page over
and over
reading potential manuscripts and to
when his colleague comes in one Friday
and is like right that's enough of the
books here is your e-reader and he's
like what no I have a briefcase for
reasons tracing his his story of how he
slowly realizes at the same time that
publishing will never change and that
published
is constantly changing and as somebody
who works in publishing it really really
excited me he slowly takes on he meets
an intern that he gets some particularly
well with and start taking on their
ideas his older colleagues think he's
crazy
has this great like distant but warm
French voice if you know what I mean I
think there is a style of the French
narrative that's very like intimate but
also arm's length and I love that I
think that style of writing is beautiful
I realized soon that it's called dear
reader because he kind of thinks about
his new reading device as a friend as a
strange friend he's not used to yet he
says I've decided to take my dear reader
out for a walk I want it to see the
world
he discusses the role of the e-reader in
a world of print-on-demand and like old
print runs going out of fashion he says
evidently the reader can also serve as a
cemetry viewer books will come together
and at the grand finale after the great
leveling and evening he says I remember
that the Sun went down and I got tired
of hunting for spelling mistakes and
wondering what would happen to text when
everyone could get them on their readers
and alter them as they pleased
turning Proust's madeline into
shortbread cookie sprinkling perfume on
the red lady getting up pauline Regine
skirts cheering up a novel by benardos
with a few sides written gags inventing
this or that turning around a couple of
sentences are calling madame bovary
adele - please someone's wife anyone
who's interested in the production of
books or literature who is studying
English who is thinking about life who
works in publishing should read this
that's enough now I think can tell her
fun lastly is a book called gypsy girl
this is a proof coffee given to me by
Walker I believe the final cover is
slightly different I'm fascinated by
traveler gypsy and circus culture and I
went to a seminar at Greenbelt festival
last year all about the modern day
traveling communities over bloody love
My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding I think some
people treat it as a more well-dressed
Jeremy Kyle and I think that's more to
do with the viewer than it is to do the
way that they do the documentary in some
ways I think there are some really
interesting discussions buried in My Big
Fat Gypsy Wedding and it's one of the
most interesting crows on TV for me this
one
the life of Sammy Joe who's 16 she's a
traveler girl she has I think seven
sisters all with names to beaming with s
which comes to this amazing line of
heritage gypsies and she travels on the
UK and she always has and that support
she knows she meets a boy the catalyst
that is gonna be advertised for why
novels is always gonna mention the
romance and there is very months here
she does fall in love with a boy who is
not a traveler and it's a massive issue
of it's not just about that Sammy Joe's
mum is dead
and on the eve of her big sister's
wedding they try and camp on this
ancient field that has always been for
gypsies to kind of commemorate her and
get ready for the wedding of the century
it all goes horribly wrong when the
people were in the land and the people
who are kind of from the town start to
really disagree that they should be on
this land and it's a really great
discussion about modern like old
traditions and modern laws and our
racist attitudes towards gypsies which
is what it is in some ways it is racism
what am i saying in some ways in all
ways it's racism gypsy heritage is one
of the last cultural taboos for Britain
to get over and I don't know when we're
going to the best part of this narrative
is that Sammy Jo is actually a secret
underground fighter
what subverts the character of Sammy Jo
from the kind of cliched Manic Pixie
dream girl meets ideal tomboy status is
that she really understands what she's
doing she understands that she's
subverting gender norms by being really
strong and feisty but she's also
completely naturally and organically
against slut-shaming and she knows that
her culture dresses in a very different
way to how we dress now and she knows
that she wears less clothes and she
doesn't care and the way she talks about
her sister who admittedly is kind of in
some ways or what you would call an
airhead she could be perceived to just
kept of care about clothes and be very
kind of bridezilla about it Sammy treats
in a very judgemental way and knows that
their culture is no less valid than
anybody else's when you hear Sammy Jo
talk about her culture but in a very
understanding way of everybody else's
culture as well you start to realize
that the differences are as shocking as
the similarity
and whilst part of their culture and act
this weird polyester style celebrity
esque aspirational wedding kind of
thought process how they structure
families and how they believe that land
doesn't belong to one person and how
they see themselves and their lifestyle
is very much of the old days and very
much of like where our British culture
comes from and it's really where we
think about a lot of things and I think
it really is a brilliant just this just
a wire Neville in some ways it's just a
great story there's some great fight
scenes there's some great mystery and
there's some brilliant characters it's
really well thought out and and thorough
in that way but it's just a nice
self-contained adventure story about a
few weeks in some lovebirds lives but at
the same time I think it really goes one
step further and and it talks about
something that I would like to think
more about and know more about I like
people who write books about things I
didn't know if you're planning on having
one of those deep discussions that me
and Ariel talked about in this video you
should definitely read this and talk to
your friends about it
so there are three books I've been
reading lately have I convinced you to
read any of them let me know in the
comments below thanks to all the books
will be below as will my Twitter and my
Instagram Instagram particularly where I
posed everything I'm reading currently I
guess I'll see you in my next one
frogs
