hello and welcome back to discuss my
frog today we are talking intimidation
competition and the publishing world I
hope this video I look like old Mother
Hubbard I don't care it's freezing I am
gonna talk specifically in this video
about publishing but I do hope this
videos gonna be applicable to you if you
feel like you are thinking about you
into an industry that is known for being
a competitive space to be in so doing
series on publishing and I got this DM
from NGO called Emma a member popcorn
actually has a YouTube channel it's very
good so she has DM me saying I've just
been watching your video on publishing
and it's reminded me of my childhood
dream to work in the publishing industry
I always do support of the
acknowledgement section in books and
dream of having my name in that one day
I thought I was over this ambition but
apparently not your videos reminded me
how much I care about books I was
wondering what the first steps might be
to getting into the industry now I'm
gonna do another video and or maybe I
already have who can say about how to
get into the publishing industry and
some steps but I just wanted to dress
the first part of it was that this kind
of anxiety and feeling uninvited in any
industry and but for me specifically the
publishing industry so as a background I
grew up in Coventry Street near
Birmingham I didn't grow up knowing
anybody in publishing
there aren't any publishers where I live
the way I access book primarily was
through the library and it didn't really
occurred to me the people made books
when I did get to university however the
people who were on my english course and
you see it felt English is one of those
obvious ways there it's like your degree
is about books maybe you want to go make
books your degree is about finance
you're encouraged to going make more
finances your degree is zoology you're
encouraged to go and work in a zoo and
but with an English degree it's really
weird because actually so few people on
lots of courses talk about getting into
publishing and and making books there's
lots of talk about writing books and
there's lots of talk about the academic
study of books but you'd think there'd
be a little bit more rhetoric around the
making of the books and I think part of
this is because there is this rumor
going around the whole of the UK and
probably the world that publishing is
incredibly impressive and if you don't
know anybody you can't get in and this
wasn't my experience at all and I just
wanted to kind of share my thoughts on
it because it makes me sad that there
are so many talented people
it's not even from a pitty perspective
or I'm like oh yes you can do it you
need us but we can help you it's like we
need you you know if you are graduating
from university you're super intelligent
and innovative and creative I am
devastated that those people are going
to other industries we need them in
publishing and I hope that if you are
considering what you want to do with
your life what you want to do with your
career you will consider publishing even
if you don't know anybody in it or even
if you think that it's hard to get into
I am you remember being on my masters
and feeling a little bit helpless
because I'd been living at home working
while doing my Master's and I you just
wanted to do something with it I for me
it was a weird one because I actually
hadn't really been thinking about going
into publishing and one I think is when
I was a kid I didn't really occur to me
you know I was absolute obsessed with
books but it didn't really occur to me
that people made them and I just thought
maybe like you know your author wrote
the book and then they just like sent me
to print when Lakme magic and then later
on I was given the impression by fellow
students who also didn't know anything
about it maybe by the institutions as
well that publishing just wasn't
something easy to get into and therefore
wasn't something that I should have on
my list which is weird because
everything is kind of hard to get into
there are so many industries that we are
encouraged to go for encouraged to get
to that are really competitive but so I
don't really understand why that was
there was so much of that rhetoric
around it so I was in this environment
where everyone was like oh you know
publishing is really hard to enter you
have to know somebody otherwise it's not
going to work they have so many
applicants it's just not gonna happen
so I genuinely did kind of abandon the
idea and was like oh yeah that would be
cool but obviously it's not gonna happen
I met a girl online you might know her
her name is sana we barely knew each
other she just moved to the UK and and
she just invited me to her birthday
party because she just moved to the UK
shouldn't know that many people and it
was just this chance encounter online I
just said yes to and you know the party
was in London and I was like okay I'm on
the train like you know use my wages to
pays to get this train to this party and
was like yeah like I wanted to accept to
make friends with people no agenda she
also didn't have a job in publishing and
we I was just like yeah and when I was
at that party I made friends with a
lovely girl called Maddy I shouldn't say
lovely girls passion
a brilliant woman she now is a civil
servant and she and taught me about her
job in publishing and said hey this is
what it's about
it seemed like a really enthusiastic
person and you know we should we should
meet up again and I'm like yeah we
should that'd be cool mine was a really
lucky chance encounter and from that
like we met up again she offered me to
come and be an intern so I emailed her
my CV and applied I took two weeks off
my job I saved up for train fare and I
did it and actually I never left London
which is another story altogether but I
can I did that two week internship and
and that was the beginning of my life in
publishing and and and London and and
the beginning of being the person I am
really it's incredibly like lucky one
moment to the next kind of thing and
then going on to work for that company
rising in that company it's a small
independent publishing house and I
became the person who trained the
interns and then I became the person
that hired the interns I hired a new
intern every two weeks and and I didn't
know any of them only one or two of them
but only because they'd made friends of
me in the same way that I'd chatted
Samadhi
but I you know 80 percent of the people
that I you know gave an opportunity to
you I had no anything they were you know
I just read their CV I thought they
sounded cool they had a really like boss
cover letter and I was like come on
let's do it
we'll talk paid and unpaid work
experience internships and start the
jobs in another video the whole shebang
promise for me this whole barrier fell
down where I was like oh the people who
are hiring the interns are kind of this
isn't there isn't a secret formula there
isn't this huge barrier to entry there
isn't that they're just picking who they
know because physically how could I know
30 people a year that wanted to work in
publishing actually this there's way
more opportunities than there are kind
of Association connections and so that
was a big learning curve for me I was
like oh I never thought about that maths
and the only other thing I would say
when it comes to the practical side of
things I work for a pretty big company
called penguin Random House needs to be
two of the biggest publishing houses in
the country and now they're one
publishing house and everybody knows
they are I love them I think they're
brilliant and I work for them but
everybody knows they are everybody knows
what penguin books is
a huge consumer facing brand but there
are so many publishing houses that
aren't consumer facing you might not
they don't do marketing themselves
they're they market the book so you went
to hurt you and heard of them unless you
look at those spines or you google it
and the amazing thing is that now we can
Google I feel like some of these rumors
have come from ages past when the
internet wasn't about and like
publishing was way less diverse there
was really no access to information
about publishing it and if you didn't
know somebody but but these things are
like you know they're being solved right
now slowly slowly and the access is
there you can Google all the publishing
houses in the bloody country and find
out lots about them at the click of a
finger and that's what's incredible and
I think that some of the rumors or the
feeling in publishing that it's really
competitive and it's impossible to get
an internship it's because a lot of
people are applying to these huge
companies which is totally fine but
there's literally hundreds of thousands
of people doing it and it doesn't mean
that it's not possible but there's lots
of other places and where you know for
instance I was hiring and a couple of
years ago for an entry-level job in a
publishing house that was a small
publishing house and I only got like 30
or 40 applications which compared to a
huge company who might get 800
applications is really quite small and
so there's lots of things like that that
mean that you might be competing and
lots of people that you don't need to on
the competition thing on the competition
thing we're now going to the emotional
side of that question why you might feel
like it is an oversaturated industry and
you can't get into it people feel like
this for a lot of industries and I
completely understand but I think a few
things to take away from the fact that
your industry feels like it's crowded
oversaturated like there's so many
people in it that's so competitive is
because it might be a really cool field
to go into one of the indicators of lots
of people wanting to do something is
that it's generally quite fun and so I
think it's also like asking the question
like are you gonna make a judgment call
on yourself and your own skills that
early on in your personal life and your
career and say hey actually I'm not one
of those people they guest have fun at
work I'm not one of those people who
gets the career that they want I'm not
one of those people who you know it
doesn't matter to the industry whether I
get into the industry
it just matters to me and I don't mind
that much you know I don't mind not
doing the funnest thing I could possibly
do there's two falsified claims in that
statement one that the publishing
industry doesn't need you they really
need you if you're hardworking and you
care about books or whatever we're
talking about and you have new ideas we
we genuinely need you that is genuinely
a thing and also the assumption that you
won't mind if you don't try to get it
and this is something that like you know
I think when I came out of university I
was so worried about getting a full-time
position getting a full-time job moving
out having the money to survive and live
get the bus eat that I didn't really
mind what I did which is true you don't
mind when you're that age you just you
just want to be independent you want to
get out and I completely understand that
but and it doesn't mean that later down
the line you won't mind that you went
into an industry you don't care about
what I love about publishing is that I
genuinely care about but I don't even
know it's small Channel but I think the
books can save the world and that is
just crazy genuine belief of mine that I
can't get rid of I can prove very easily
and it sounds insane to some people but
it's the it's the truth I think not only
if you love reading because again here's
my bugbear like people were like I
really like reading so should come in to
publishing and I'm like I mean if you
like reading you're somebody I can sell
a book to it's not really the same thing
if you're somebody who cares about books
existing you care about authors you care
about ideas and you can see parts of the
industry that you want to make better
Keith keypoint if you think the
publishing industry is important and
could change things but it could be
better we particularly need you and
actually I think you should fight to
have your place in a company or in a
position where you get to make decisions
or get to have conversations and
influence people on your thoughts
because there were lots of people that
have started and we'll be starting in
publishing who just want to do their
little bit and they like the way is they
don't want to make anything bigger or
better or change things or make things
more diverse or more affordable and and
that's okay it's alright to just you
know want to come to your job and come
home and eat some soup and get on with
your life but um if you think that you
care about it a bit more than that
and you can see ways that we can improve
stuff we need you desperately and skills
can be practiced acquired professions
inherently a learn but your morals and
your beliefs and your insistent
excitement for something can't be taught
and if you have that there is nothing in
you that should be telling you that oh
actually these people deserve it more
than me or like I'm not even going to
apply for that job because I'm sure
there's lots of other people are better
at it than me or maybe they are better
at you a little older maybe they are
better at it than you right now that you
met these people and they might have
really bad intentions for the publishing
industry they might be applying so they
can ruin it probably not but they they
do they care about books as much as you
do they have as many ideas as you maybe
not and maybe that is what gets you
hired not the things on paper and the
last point I wanted to make was about
how exciting this industry is and how
maybe it's really competitive maybe it
is pretty you know there's a lot of
people trying to get to work in the way
I do but you know well that also says to
me it says to me this important book
sales physical book sales in the UK went
up last year and the year before I think
like this is a growing industry whatever
people say and it's also a really
important one and the fact that so many
people want to work in publishing and
begs the question well begs to questions
why aren't there more readers who want
to buy books if books is such a cool
thing to do and I genuinely there's a
restorative attention span building
mindfulness a good film unto health
aspect to reading not just that light is
old people don't do anymore and why
aren't there more people who who are
buying books and and wanting to read
books can be cheap in a Netflix
subscription so why people not point ok
but and then also why aren't there more
jobs and publishing question why aren't
why are there what these two questions
are connected and particularly women but
generally young people in this industry
are on a mission there are some
incredibly talented people who are my
age and a little bit older and a little
bit younger in this industry at the
moment who I'm meeting every day and it
you know every time I go to a big
publishing event I meet somebody who I'm
like oh down you are gonna and I
predict that there is going to be a lot
there are going to be so many strands to
publishing in the future there is so
many
is changing and I think that if there is
something that collectively enough
people want to exist and I collectively
enough people can grow a community of
readers then there are going to be more
publishing houses and more opportunities
particularly independent publishing
houses and I don't know maybe you're
saying at home and you've gone Oh
actually I applied to every single job
in this industry and I can't get one
maybe you should start one maybe if it's
just one book a year you know and I
think there'll be lots of people who
move through the industry at a faster
rate than they used to maybe because
they're leaving to go to bigger similar
crossover industries celebrity PR like
films like TV but advertising like
general media but but there's also going
to be people I think are going to go and
start their own ones and you can either
be doing what they're doing right now in
five years or you can be going to work
for them when they start them because I
think a genuinely thing that's gonna be
a thing the publishing industry is going
nowhere so feel free to count on it
changing surviving existing and lots of
iterations that it might not be right
now so just because you say right my
lifestyle my location my and you know my
ability to get hired at the moment isn't
making me somebody who's working and
publishing doesn't mean that it won't do
in the future so anyway
them's my revolutionary thoughts blah
blah blah I have got lots of videos on
publishing so if you want to watch those
you can click here thank you so much for
listening do you care about books do you
want to see the publishing industry work
differently tell me how below and I will
see you in my next one
frog smoked out
you
