the term spinster was coined in the 15th
century to largely describe women who
spun thread for a living as this year of
living alone has worn on I've started to
see myself or at least this year as the
year of living spinster Li this place
has been my tree house my pond my
bachelor pad I'm reading a book at the
moment called spinster and in it the
author talks about this amazing woman
called Edith voice who wrote a column in
the 1890s in vogue called the bachelor
girl and it was all about explaining and
just living the experience of living
alone and being independent and not
being largely attached and what makes me
sad is that I don't think that column
would be published now a lot of the
columns I see are about people who are
attached or looking to be attached or
you know sex and the single girl and
there's nothing really about it being a
long-term option nothing really
introspective about the state of being
alone itself it's always about the
search or the rejection of being alone
and there's a slow reel in again into
that idea and there's nothing about the
kind of slow burn of what it is like to
live alone and be alone and in a society
where everybody is coupling very rarely
do we acknowledge the life of a single
woman in society less in the context of
them searching or ironically holding it
off until they do eventually give in
Meath said that she wrote the column in
though back in the 1890s to convince the
world that she was possible and I feel
like this year in this fad has me been
convincing myself that I am possible
possible on my own possible to be many
people and what was the most
disappointing and exciting thing I think
for me living alone was to realize that
I am not one person and when I shut the
door on the world and I'm just me in
these four walls and there's lots of
people to hang out with here
I'm not that sounds crazy I get lonely
but I very rarely feel alone you realize
when you spend a lot of time alone that
you are a conglomerate of other people
and that's okay and I've spent a lot of
time in this flat flicking through and
thinking about and listening to and
researching other people's ideas and
other people's thoughts there's been a
lot of voices in this flat this year and
they haven't all been mine I think you
learn a lot about what you're like as a
best friend by being your own one you
know what it's like to get drunk with
yourself you know what it's like to
clean up after yourself you know what
it's like to come home to your own
problems and have to talk yourself
through them and I think it makes you a
better friend because you know what
you're like to deal with
i watch telly of the night way
