hi guys this is wrong right but that's
his friend in the whole world I'm gonna
tell you a little story about me and
Ralph we've been friends since we were
about nine years old and I started a new
church and rah was the vicar's daughter
Anna and the story goes with our parents
who were also very good friends that I
was cause like hiding behind my mother
was a massive introvert very shy until
and I was forced to play with rabbits at
leash I was ushered over to her it was
like Ron make friends with this poor shy
girl and ever since I've been gone and
bothering the world so you have her to
blame sorry
hey comments below we were breeding with
close friends and when we were 13 we got
told that ron was moving to another
place she was moving to wheelchair and
it was like literally the most
earth-shattering news in the world like
a gender we thought the world might end
it was the biggest like I was like I
understand the rewards in other
countries but brah is moving to work
 we're now 24 we're very full right
yeah we've been friends through like six
form and through boys and for uni and
through gap peers or even through
traveling and now we're like real adults
we have like real houses and real
responsibilities yeah and it seems to be
working all right we thought we'd do a
quick video on five six some amount of
tips about how to be long-distance
friends because I think is what for us
the vid some patches weren't talked very
much and then patches were been
intensely too intensely but that's fine
peaks and troughs peaks and troughs but
we got through it and I'm a bit
emotional about it to be honest so I
thought we'd share with you tips and
tricks you are right this is in fact my
third warning from the NHS to come for
my cervical screening yes I still
haven't been to but I will ignore that
and we were serving 25 years you made it
very night what is great for you dry the
first thing that we were talking about
was just honesty so it's that thing of
being really realistic about the fact
that your friend has another life that
is the aim like I've been in
long-distance friendships with people
whose lives are going really wrong and
that's not a fun thing to happen like
I'm
the Orleans been going really great and
that sometimes means that you're really
busy and you can't call me back I'm
almost like to call me back
socializing doing things achieving well
I think it makes me excited to know that
you're that busy that you can't text me
back because you like doing things and
being assigned about life
I feel great feel great about that I
feel the same about you man
we just but it's an honesty thing yes
and I trust you
you're not abiding me I mean I know that
you love me I'm very angry about it so I
know that you're not ignoring me and
being like oh sorry context back to
Thursday too busy being important yeah
so I think it's that thing about making
each other feel secure so you can be
honest and be like no I'm actually busy
I'm not ignoring you
we were saying earlier that we'll look
our phones and be like it's not an
emergency yeah I'll respond later yeah
and anybody else who knows me knows I'm
really bad at replying anyway and so she
if you know her very well yeah so
sometimes it takes days but that's fine
but I know you're checking it so I know
that when I text you and I was like I've
broken up with my long-term boyfriend
you were like duty calls and I know that
you'll do that if it's an emergency but
if I'm like right I've got some new top
and I don't think it suits my babes
jealousy it's cool you're really good
friends but something that's really a
big part of having a fulfilling life is
having other friends and I love it when
rods like oh I've just met this really
cool girl and we're getting really well
I think we're gonna like move in
together I'm like brilliant
we have thing but like it's healthy for
you to have other things yeah have your
fingers in many pies and also it's fun
to tell each other I want to hear about
the friendship ends oh yeah and then I
bring my friends to stay here in London
yeah no she's Sarah Cooper sleeping the
next two Canadians I've never met she's
brought them into my flat and was like
you like them when I was like cool
because when we do get to visit each
other like we get to meet each other's
friends and invariably we like them
worlds colliding them build new memories
this is Tory
he works for boyfriends and girlfriends
yeah basically apply this to all
successful relationships but you need to
build memories together so I think a lot
of the times of our friendship my
friendships haven't worked with people
is because all we have to talk about is
the past
so good luck I'll remember having to
narrate and Matt
after a while you forget I forget what
happened in year 8 Matt so you slaughter
genuinely not care
yeah trigonometry really isn't relevant
no saving much of my life I'm sure it
impacts it now I know so school isn't
something I want to talk about other
time so like no I'm friends with you
because I would have been friends with
you if I met you last week like it's a
very present like it's a very present
thing so you're not like we're always
having new things to say and also we go
on we just went to Whitby yeah I saw the
future in that by making new memories
together and kind of having like talking
about new and current stuff on the phone
not just being like oh I wish it was
like the old days cuz like don't like we
had an awful dress sense we have no idea
what was going on we weren't getting
laid
it was awful not to be concise with your
friendships we call I'm like go I've got
five minutes this big have another
really sorry buddy but it's gonna be
okay because this oh okay that's good
I'll send you a text
love you bye and that's it but it's good
because I think hearing people each
other's voices is better than just
texting sometimes yeah well again we've
started using voice message and what's
up because that's pretty fun we
recommend we just monologue cuz you
don't rub enhancer faces also in the
mornings when we're going to work like
either I'll be walking to work and I'll
it should be about ten minutes away from
work and I'm just gonna randomly ring
her and see if she's free yeah and if
you are I will have like a 5-10 minute
conversation okay I came behind you yeah
with my other life now yeah even if
you've got like five minutes in a week
it's worth having those five minutes the
fifth one is like tangible posts yes so
if I got out if I had cared enough
collect them all into a box
I mean like oh I can make you a huge fan
of all the postcards me arrived sending
today yeah the random
yeah for example this week this week I
think in the post from you I got an
Einstein face through picture here
but it was really just an Einstein mask
with your address on the back and their
exhalation get to question one yes
supposed to enjoy it tangible things to
write down your thoughts and sender and
beliefs I mean is a a something silly
who thinks like the other person's gonna
find funny I chose the Soviet drugs
pamphlet oh I'll be clearing my room
I'll just send you all the random
from my life yeah irrelevant parts of my
life but also you like when you have
place friends you see irrelevant parts
they're like so making sure you see
relevant parts of my life yeah like last
point is that you don't have to stay
friends and you don't want to like this
is a very consensual friendship hygienic
or from this side is but like I would be
friends and rawr if we haven't known
each instance or nine so happens at me
nature's is really very useful yeah but
I know every nook and cranny of this
woman yeah but it's nice because I know
that we've stayed friends because of
that and you haven't stayed friends with
other people because you just happen and
it's not no you can't have you can't
keep all your friendship so I think ours
is cool because we've decided to be
there yeah and we chose that and that
happens in all walks are no somos
relationship we choose to be together
every day every day I wake up and I
thank you for watching
trying to irresponsibly break the
internet with your but we need the it's
him god damn it why you break something
else like the patriarchy geez
