doesn't haha hi guys oh wait no I hey
boys subscribe I got facial hair the
fact that I do this with my hair at all
means that I'm really insecure I cross
my legs are people like your internet is
I'm like all maybe I can do you have a
different my gosh what have I been
socially conditioned Harry me hi guys
have got bathtub hostage situation today
today we've got jaws are arriving with
oranges he's here to play from bulb with
us so we've done one video on Jasmine
channel we didn't aim I don't wanna just
go for a girl achieve in collab if you
haven't watching back to bust before
back to bussing the series in which I
smash the patriarchy no I'm not fashion
about your knees I'll take your age was
watching the patriarchy and it says
slashing commercialism and music by
talking about our freedoms you kind of
do what the fuck we wanted music and not
feel like we need to like sugarcoat it
or as I use the phrase earlier baby oil
music and kind of think it has to be
perfect or it's not something that can
exist within a community without
modifying it and being like a thing yeah
fuck the police and where my become I'm
done I'm done with myself inspired by
the key streetlow campaign I'll list up
below and but today me and jaz like and
a sing a song for you are my finger
thumb
one love
someday I wish my car behind your
troubles mom like a job for my chimney
tops that's where you find me
y ou
Oh
oh fuck six squish aah lipschis had it
coming lure the bear does the game a big
lot i live alone why don't you start
making yellow bass I want to date this
bar I feel like it must be least 20
years old it will be the 72 oz
