Greymon he is the author of how to be a
Productivity dinger introducing
productivity and how to be knowledge
second grammar is actually a
professional productivity ninja and you
have a company complete productive
correct
I do indeed so great professionally you
go down to other companies like
Microsoft yeah Amazon which I work with
eBay with like PayPal and a whole other
like hold like a real big wave also
people like Cancer Research UK the UK
government we teach anybody who's broke
anything behind the scenes in the whole
country
Bill Gates Aversa for the minor offense
against him
whatever yeah so yeah one of our clients
is the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
so we doing there and do out the
training it just kind of feels like you
know a process in what are you going
into all the people that secretly run
the country and running and the world
yes basically running the world
that's one big we're working on it yeah
great some writing lots of amazing books
at one of his biggest hooks is how to
get your inbox to zero which I think
that when I do that I bet you're going
to call your dad great so yeah you know
that happens to me all the time is
people do get your inboxes 0 workshop or
they read the ninja reamer chapter this
book and they sent me the screenshot of
like look my inbox has white space all
around it so I get but ironic you know
my inbox is really difficult either 0
because I get all these emails always a
pleasure to get those emails because
it's always like a kind of moment of joy
you just started doing in knowledge
minister so instead of talking about how
many staff in office is having
employable area talking about before
that and studying in university will be
like the university where you're in
unnatural and great student
so I I was a 2-1 student at University
thank me
I always like to fire people who got a
2-month and people got first because I
was think the people who got to one but
we're also juggling loads of other
really good stuff like being in bands or
running magazines or whatever else
they're doing I think is for me that's
was more interesting from a new
perspective I think so I was like I was
pretty good at university I was terrible
at school so I was like a bit of truant
I was just very bad at doing any kind of
self organized study whatsoever so
really writing this book was like
there's quite a fun experience for me
because it was like writing like
something I've got really good at now
which is productivity but school and so
that was I think the challenge to the
booking on page five or six of the book
is like my old school reports which we
weren't going to them but they're pretty
balanced it pops you up to not how
people of power to kind of be more
productive if there's anybody the unica
newspapers we could really use your help
somebody looks at the moment either in a
bit of a mess
yeah so I think so mr. thing I think
anybody who's doing good stuff in the
world whether it's Stephen Fry Russell
Brand whoever the reminisce people are
like the Duggars are very well unlike I
think even even those people can improve
their probably already quite productive
and I think with productivity
everybody's got something to teach and
everyone's got something to learn as
well no one does it perfectly ever
that's the person to see and in terms of
who I would like to help the most I
would say anybody so I know a couple of
and like charity chief executives who I
think are absolutely wonderful human
beings and one of the souls and I think
don't get the productivity stuff that
well names but like I would love to I
just think what their brings the world
and something they're doing I'd love to
help them to do more
so is kind of gives me a little buzz
when I find that sense of an
organization with a real mission or a
real passion of we're going in there and
helping though knowing what that's gonna
lead to and on a regretful note like I
did a workshop a few instead
and as a parent I've used the services
of Great Western Hospital like it
actually made me cry like at the end of
the workshop I was like thank you for
the work that you do you know get sleep
at night properly or get home to give
back yes I already do great stuff but
showing me you have to like actually
given great jewelry totally yeah and I
think one of the for me one of the real
keys to productivity is not about
helping us do more but hoping helping
you to feel better about the things that
you're not doing so with that are the
things that you've made it conscious
choice to abandon and never do or
whether it's the things out on your to
do this till Monday that's Friday night
but just that whole sense of like you
know feeling good about what you're not
doing I think is for me really the most
important thing about productivity like
you know when we go to in Australia
there's something going to Australia
like next week that's kind of my like my
current little sort of jet-setting is
Australia and then in the US and where
we've got some new sort of help process
of what we do it with it going to go to
Australia the whole thing is about like
we need to get our work done so that
we've got time for surfing in the
evenings
how cool my dioxide but like that the
view of productivity is all about the
life part of work-life balance but it
making sure that you live a really good
life I'm curious to be here I can't
merge the whole we do this video to do
this thanks for watching and this
relates to you and wake and find
Graham's books below you can follow him
on Twitter and he's very good or takes a
break look there's a cloud we have bikes
for coming out man thanks for watching
guys
