hi guys I've got another round of book
reviews for you who thought once I'm
reviewing more fiction than nonfiction
savour it it won't last long
so the first of this beautiful new book
from penguin Figtree it's called Etta
and Otto and Russell and James did I get
a go right I was invited to an event a
penguin and I saw Emma Cooper speak and
read from her book and her the way she
carried herself the way she could have
captured the audience's imagination and
the words in the book really could have
brought me into it and I was kind of
like I'm reading the book now her other
life endeavor apparently it's writing
dinosaur pop so her mind is clearly a
diamond mine I want to hack into what
this book this book man this book it
caught me the tagline extract on the
back says I've gone I've never seen the
water so I've gone there I would try to
remember to come back at 82
Etta's greatest wish is to see the sea
she lives in rural Canada and she's
never seen the sea she leaves her
husband she leaves her best friend
Russell and she just takes a shotgun
some chocolates and warm socks and walks
just starts walking that calf listen
itself really captured my imagination on
my kind of love stories that people are
walking out of their lives and into the
wild if I've seen these three characters
in rural Canada just pre-world War and
after World War and then when they are
in their 80s it's just beautifully
written very gentle and very
unprecedented be more than it is and by
doing that it does actually kind of blew
him out of any expectation that I had
for the book I just thought it was it
was wonderful and understated she also
used that technique that Cormac McCarthy
uses where and all of the speech is part
of the narrative is its integrated in
the prose so there aren't any kind of
broken up dialogue bits and it's all
very you can't always tell what's
happening in a character's head and what
they're saying out loud and not to me
that's beautiful and and a lot more kind
of true to life it had an amazing
honesty about it it's weighted in
sadness not just because the world wars
but because of loads of elements of
their life and I don't give away too
much but as sex is death is war it also
has papier-mache animals and people
eating fry ups and greasy spoon cafes
and it's it's just a great big mash of
the trivial and the extreme and the
characters are so believable
even though I couldn't picture them like
this one thing I would say I'm very bad
at picturing how characters look I still
feel I could spend time in this carrot
doesn't they and I still kind of knew
them I think and and that's what broke
my heart and I think you should read it
also look at this cover the next one is
some literary way I picked up a while
ago I realized I haven't reviewed I read
the proof copy of this this is we were
Liars by E Lockhart
you probably heard loads about this I've
actually got to meet her recently she's
on my book lena be a little kinder than
you have to PS don't eat yellow snow
thanks this as lots of people tell you I
can't tell you much about because they
ruin the ha but what I will say is it's
the only book I've read this year in one
sitting like I just literally ate it
it's ridiculously easy to read but also
very literary for ye if you know
anything about me uh
I like ye but I have skepticisms about
its general standard as a genre but this
definitely sits sits with it sits within
weren't y a but it also surpasses that
and it's very literary and very
experimental very brave and I didn't see
it coming
lots of people did I did not see it
coming if you if you have kept some kind
of childlike naivety or don't guess the
ends to films very often or even if you
do get them a little bit off tonight I
just don't think you'll guess it it's
dark privilege in a Gatsby kind of way
whether kind of doom omniscient right
narrative something in the flavor of the
Virgin Suicides and it's just very
heartbreaking and I'll never forget it
I'll never think I'll never forget it
but I'm about to read her other one at
my friend Rosie Anna's recommendation
she says it's amazing good game good
game you lock up nicely the next one
captured my imagination for two reasons
this is the thorn the blossom by
Theodoric Ross is a two sided love story
and it has accordion fold binding you
know accordion fold binding is well
you're about to find out this is
Brennan's story this is
evylyn story and this is the story the
story is concertina like this and you
can read either side first and it's the
same story from two different
perspectives but you get different
information about the story on either
side I think I read
read Brennan's first because
Patriarchate jokes
I read Brennan's I read Britain's first
through sheer chance it's almost got
like a one day element to it where you
kind of see snapshots of the two
characters lives and how they intertwine
it is romantic it's beautiful but it's
also quite realistic and very sad
well the skill of this is that each
story is only about 40 pages long on
either side but it was really captured
by it it's actually surprisingly easy to
read as well when you are transporting
around you can just hold it like this
and your your palm is the spine and it's
fine it's got some beautiful
illustrations and the other reason I
wanted to read it is because it's
centered around the Middle English story
of going in the green night if you've
ever studied that at university or
school that you'll get it a bit more but
if not then it will encourage you to
read that because it's a great story
even though Middle English oh good
studying medieval and Middle English
kind of made my feel like my eyeballs
were sagging towards like somewhere
around my chin area within my skull like
I was just like oh like a surprise brisk
jog at 4 a.m. on the bootcamp of
literature it was like oh but I guess it
did me good enough about that this is
really approachable really easy to read
and just if you're looking for something
a little bit different in your board of
the format of a book I think it's a
really nice little way to spend an
afternoon helps that it looks sexy too
as with books as with humans and my next
video I'll be reviewing blue is the
warmest color and playing to the gallery
but I think I'll leave that for today I
think I think I've done enough I've done
enough here I've done enough damage go
and buy read waste all your time and
your money reading the books you won't
be wasting it you'll be investing it in
a flowery glittery diamond heart that
you can then spill out to the world and
why even when I'm not on duty I'm
writing sickening plaque press releases
this is the life of a publicist thank
you for watching and I'll see you in my
next on frog snog out
