a lot of you will know I just read em
catamarans new book how to build a girl
and I interviewed on my channel a few
weeks ago if you want to go and watch
that I'll link it below that is just a
really durian version of how excited I
was about that event I was also lucky
enough to go to bhakti Arts Center and
see her torrent no because she you know
she is a comedian she doesn't make a
living from being a comedian and so it
was great to see her do a kind of weird
narrative stand-up eclectic speech that
last is you know a full-length show but
you were actually never bored was very
conversational is very intimate if you
ever want to go see her live I really
really recommend it where to very fast
at all with the fact that obviously
there were a lot of women there they
were huge queue to the toilets and I'm
the kind of inner debate of the crowd
and he asked about two minutes when all
the women realized that they were
queuing pointlessly or 50% of the toilet
facilities 50 cent of this toilet don't
talk about toilet verticity 50% of the
toilet facilities and we're not being
utilized you could just see a collective
thought in all of the women's minds that
were just like it hundreds of women
just using the men lose not even talking
about not even even funny memory they're
just like don't care lots of people were
tweeting pictures of you I also because
what the anyway I can't believe you
there were the second funniest thing was
when she asked us all to stand on chairs
and shout einem feminists which if you
read how to be a woman is the kind of
like thing where she's talking about how
you should just be able to shout it and
nobody should be up same thing about it
she got everybody the whole she had to
stand on their chair and shout it and it
was great obviously people tweeted stuff
of this and obviously in the interval
she was tracking the tweets and a guy
had replied on one of the pictures that
somebody had tweeted defensively
standing on the chairs being like
Battersea Arts Center more like fantasy
dogs home she responded by getting on
one stage notifying the whole audience
of what this guy had said on Twitter
about them and then was like and this is
his Twitter handle read every Twitter
handle spelled it was like go get them
guys I didn't see the backlash on
Twitter but just imagining it makes me
happy I literally write the end up
goodbyes and thank you
and all these kind of polemic things she
was also kind of like and that guy
Twitter handle is just great
so anyway the book focus and this is a
great book the end so if you read
Chronicles of Muhammad more anthology
and hard to be open like I have fangirl
then a lot of instances in this book
will be recognizable as sourced from
Catelyn Moran's life she saved at the
beginning and it is quite clear as you
go on that this isn't her life but it
does track an amazing story of a 15 year
old who gets into music journalism in
the 80s and what it was like to grow
working-class trying to negate being
working-class and using the arts to rise
from your class and then thinking did I
really rise from my class should you
have to rise from a class what is class
so what was the nice surprises that this
book was wasn't just the discussion on
feminism or what it is to grow up as a
girl also what it is to grow up from a
certain background fit a certain culture
and around you and then getting to
London and being like words which is
really eye-opening for me because and
while I've never been privately educated
or have a particularly rich family in
any way I do feel like growing up with a
certain amount of privilege and it was
really cool to really inform and expand
my imagination of what it was like to
were up not being me which is something
we should all keep working on again
aside from all of the gendered
discussion and stuff in it what I also
thought was amazing about this book was
that it was very rooted in a time it was
very present in its own setting and I've
read some reviews that have said that
that kind of bored them but I'm kind of
like who are you because this is what
makes good books guys feeling like
you're genuinely in that timeframe why
you want what the characters are feeling
and certain themes and motifs to be
completely transient and and universally
like what I think makes a good book is
that it is very grounded in its own time
yeah did that mean I didn't get some of
the cultural references and didn't
really understand half the band she was
talking about yes it did but it did make
for a very good Spotify exploration and
now really like the Smashing Pumpkins
you can't get away from the fact that
there are a lot of music references in
here a lot did it inhibit my enjoyment
of the book no or is it different from
other things I've read yes on another
note though because of that
be a really good thing if you want to
give it to somebody who was alive in the
80s and doesn't are those music
registers they'll probably freaking love
it
I also think it's a great great
exploration and and kind of new
territory of talking about growing up
and discovering your sexuality and
actually explicitly discussing what it's
like to grow up and discover things like
masturbation periods without just
alluding to it actually genuinely
talking about it from like oh thank you
my copy is also signed uh when I
interviewed and met Caitlyn she is she
also signed my book leader you are a
fully built girl or we love Kalyn Cheers
she's also the quote in the front is
from Helen Fielding and we all know now
that I think she might be God so selfish
side no right but anybody read The Edge
of Reason and Madge about the boy
because I still have only read Bridget
Jones diary and I'm just like I love it
so much they don't wanna tarnish it if
they're not as good as the first one
cousin Tina's tell me the comment thank
you anyway back to the order of the day
the order today is by this book really
this book oh my god
it's definitely not way and but if you
really like play
I don't see anything that you love about
the genre why there isn't in this book
but I also think it just stands alone
and genuinely easily shines just in the
general fiction section thanks for
watching and I'll see you in my next one
frog snark out okay so we fight I don't
think only you haven't even the energy
issue okay although I like he and make
his myself with the catheter
non-offensive with something for many
reasons so just after I gave birth to my
first child they gave me a catheter and
then put me on morphine just like that
absolutely chance to see something
watching television I mean perfect I
mean to it was
