hi guys today I'm teaming up with bite
the bullet and I TV to ask the next
potential leaders of the UK some
critical questions about issues that
affect us all our NHS our Great British
National Health Service was formed as a
political and cultural reaction to the
depression of 30s and the devastation of
the Second World War at that time there
was a collective feeling understandably
that good health should be something
that everybody had a right to I'm not
dependent on your wealth or your lack
thereof there's this guy called marlow
who invented this theory called the
hierarchy of needs in theory what every
human needs to reach their full
potential as you can see before we reach
the cool stuff like love and belonging
there's some pretty basic things that
need to be addressed at the bottom sleep
water food without that we will
literally die but the next one up is
shelter and health a low-level pals
could not only mean no fun but no
prospects no social mobility and let's
face it even death what the US TV shows
narratives hasn't at some point hinge on
the fact that a certain character
doesn't have the right health insurance
to pay for the certain illness that they
have but it was eight I realize this it
blew my mind people in other countries
have to pay to get well well that the
fact that people my age in the UK have
grown up with the NHS and in some cases
literally born into it often mean it's
an assumed an almost invisible pillar of
society for us but can you imagine a
Briton without it those who have been
around longer than us still can unless
you believe that those is the most money
in society a foolproof and
wholeheartedly better people and
therefore deserve better health care
we've got from All Hands if the
government continue to differently cut
NHS resources and sell off large chunks
of responsibility to private companies
whose first priority is inherently going
to be breaking even and worse making
profit what what message does that send
out the health and survival is no longer
a human right but to privilege the right
to live is something you earn survival
of the fittest get to places survival of
the richest not cool me a good health
service is a basic human right a given
for any society claiming to be civilized
and the only way we can ensure good
social mobile
T and avoid a repeat of the 30s
depression if you're not really sure
what depression in the 30s look like
have a little research this is not free
a moreover it wasn't how long ago on
need is live will be grueling our
educated politicians on why even
scraping the top of NHS funding ever
even entered their minds you can watch
as the name would suggest live youtube
com / bright news I leave some links in
the description thanks for watching also
vote fraud smog out
