someone sitting here thinking I just
like sometimes to sit alone in my flat
and set my windowsill and just think and
it's just my favorite and least favorite
thing to do now I'm light it's just my
favorite it's just my favorite thing to
do let's not pretend I just thought of
singing on my head and it's kind of
about like when people say I want to be
a writer because sometimes people ask me
if I am writing a book or if I would
ever write a book I work in publishing
and people know I say things a lot
loudly and people sometimes know that I
can write cuz I sometimes see things
that I write and they're kind of like
are you gonna write a book and I'm kind
of like like literally just that
question sense means this ridiculous egg
central crisis because I'm kind of like
a writer of what book what book is this
you speak of oh my what were booked am I
supposed to be right and I find it weird
I think when people say I want to be a
writer I'm like well that doesn't mean
what whoa what is it what does it mean
to me when people say I want to be a
writer it sounds to me like when people
say I want to be a friend a friend to
whom like it's a very unspecific thing
to say and it's this weird
generalization where I think that like
writing is a it's a doing word it's a
verb and I need something to be and now
like I need noun things you need to ask
me if I want to be a noun not not a verb
like I don't know what that means like
if I find something I think should be
written down or if I think of something
that I really want to write down then I
will probably write it down and then
inherently I will be a writer but I
think the kind of subject of what you're
doing has to exist first does that make
any sense
like it's the same it's the same with it
yes the same with friendship and is the
same with like lovers as well it happens
I hate that lovers but is the same like
I find it weird when people say I want
to be in a relationship or I want to be
married and I'm kind of like two who
like huge you want to marry tuned often
these people haven't met somebody they
want to be married to and that's weird
to me they say I want to be married
because like marriage is an activity
it's something that you do
with somebody and it's a weird thing to
say that you're aspiring to do that when
you haven't met somebody you want to do
it with uh because it's in it that's it
that's the means to an end like that's
the whole thing
not like saying like I want to go hand
gliding with my friend Bob because
that's an activity that I wanted to do
with somebody rather than doing on my
own but like is life the activity in
this thing is it like I want to do life
with another person I guess so but then
it's just a weird thing - one does
anybody else think that like I just
don't think that I want to be in a
relationship until I find somebody want
to be relationship with I don't think I
want to write a book until I find
something to write about I didn't think
I wanted to have a career in publishing
until I found a publisher that I wanted
to work for and a kind of book I wanted
to publish I didn't think that I really
want children until they maybe happen
and then I'll be like oh I want to be a
mother
to this thing I don't inherently just
want to be a mother that's weird is that
weird to anybody else like I just want
to mother something it's the something
that I have a problem with they're like
what's the something surely you have to
have a thing ah sometimes I think that's
why fostering and adoption makes more
sense to me sometimes kind of like this
is the thing that exists that you want
to look after that makes sense just
saying you want to look after a thing
that doesn't exist yet is weird is a
weird thing to think about does anybody
else think this is weird
does it inherently destroy an activity -
already want to do it before you found
something to do it about uh these are
the thing this is why I don't sleep guys
this is why I don't sleep it's like
friends like these brains like this
brains like this on the other hand this
chili chai tea that books my bag sent me
is really good maybe that's why I don't
cook haven't we found anything that I
really want to cook because maybe I've
never found anything like that I really
want to eat badly enough rather than pay
somebody else to make for me ah it makes
so much sense
I think I've said enough
