hi guys this is going to be a very ad
hoc and webcam response circa 2008 oh do
we to do this more anyway let's not get
just magic this is gonna be very ad hoc
response to two of my friends who have
just uploaded videos beautiful lovely
humans who also PS happen to be men
absolutely irrelevant to this
conversation but somehow is relevant at
the same time anyway have made very
intelligent and beautiful responses to
the horrific stuff that is happening on
YouTube to do with abuse and fans etc
etc if you need more information than me
saying etc I will post some links below
to where you can get the information but
I am going under the ridiculous
assumption at the moment that people
watching this video have already heard
all of the shit and kind of know at what
point I'm during this conversation and
so particularly I wanted to talk see
what happens with dumb kids okay so for
a first and made a very very intelligent
slam poem that I wouldn't below kind of
about just speaking up and talking about
and not feeling that the thing that you
feel like you can't be part of the
conversation means that they're winning
it means that if you don't feel like you
have a voice or you feel like it's not
your place to say something and you are
part of a community but in some way you
don't qualify to have a opinion that is
when the conversation get stunted that's
when we stop progressing and so he made
a very good video about talking about
giving us our permission to part of the
conversation speaking up you know not
perpetuating the idea that you can't do
anything by not speaking so yes anyway
that was really cool also Jazza uploaded
a video which was to do with the
recognition that it's good that all
talking about this kind of abuse in
communities and but it is bigger than us
and this stats that he obviously are
kind of new stuff for me tasty bug out -
getting strong getting too strong this
argument about
the strength that these kind of thought
processes have in the wider world not
just the repercussions are feeling of
them in the YouTube community and I
think he talks a lot about the stats of
how many people haven't evil or report
stuff and it's just not dealt with
correctly it's not dealt with
efficiently and the stats on how many
people actually go down for this kind of
shit is we don't wanna think about it
but yo I wanted to add to that really if
I can add to all of the wonderful
responses I've seen to this so far and
there's so many I can't even begin to
name them is is that we should expect
more Emma Watson obviously gave her talk
God got three minutes already good god
you're so glad that I do have come up
loads all the time you'd be so bored
Emma Watson Hobbs did her amazing he for
she speech UN and it was great and you
know what angered me the most was all of
the ridiculous and absolutely ignorant
talks on what are usually very very
intelligent feminist forums you know
actually you know the early part of the
repercussions that I really seen that I
have really hated about Emma Watson
speech was coming from the feminist
forums the like the ones that are
suppose to be informed and basically
saying stuff about how like oh well you
know obvious Emma like oh we've been
saying this for years how long people
listening to us like God the only time
that we really get listened to is when
Ted's through the mouthpiece of Emma
Watson and they get really kind of angry
about how in some ways in their view
simplistic her speech was and how it
didn't cover all of the bases etc and
basically the fact that they think that
her speech presented a very primeval
view of feminism that isn't as you know
it's the obvious to them and what I
would say to that is the fact that that
is still not obvious to most people on
this planet
is a problem and if you are somebody's
writing on these feminist forums who are
like and what isn't doing a good enough
job oh love love love what have you been
doing for the past five years like I
think that in the same way the YouTube
community creates a community around
itself and talks only within itself and
its own kind of like its own organism
feminism can sometimes do the same
things like it's what I've been saying
my other videos you need to hang out
with people who don't believe the same
things as you that as hell things will
change like you can't just live in this
back-scratching back-patting community
where you can progress and talk about
ideals and and never leave that safe
circle of people who agree with you and
I think that that is how things aren't
spreading and in the same way what I'm
glad about the way that these
conversations about abuse and consent
are now happening in the wider YouTube
community it's spreading like wildfire
and it's freaking awesome to watch I'm
so proud if that's not I'm hiding word
of everybody and I think it's really
fucking cool but what I would say to
that is that this should have been going
viral faster and actually YouTube isn't
the world and while we feel like we
spend a lot of our time on YouTube a lot
of us hang out with youtubers in our
spare time some of us our job is YouTube
nod me but some people their job is
YouTube and that's really cool but
you're staying within your industry and
you're staying within your community and
when we have these conversations they're
not getting out into the crowd to the
wider world and what Jazz's video really
raised in my mind he said very very well
is that god damn it we need to expect
more from the world god damn because
once there's all very well talking about
in these in these spaces and having
these philosophical debates about it and
talking about human rights and stuff but
when we're not backed up by the law or
the execution of the law or what we
believe to be the ideals that our
government set out for our protection
but just aren't being executed that
somebody need to expect fucking more um
I think it's the same with a lot of
things I think our generation feels very
apathetic towards Authority we feel like
we don't have a part in creating and
creating a
those kinds of boundaries and decisions
that are supposed to protect us all and
I think what I'd say about Emma Watson
speech is that yeah that's do you know
what that actually is if you look at the
mainstream coverage in the media but I
was listening to radio four or two I was
listening to BBC radio today and it was
radio for their reactions to the Emma
Watson speech were very simplistic
sometimes they're very like for
evolution Oh what could we do and it was
very interesting for me like listening
to them interview teenagers about what
they thought about Emma Watson speech
and the way they were interviewing them
was really like to think this is true do
you think you are affected by gender as
a teenager tell me and that was
genuinely a question like why is that a
question I feel like in the AG community
a lot of the media community I feel in
Perth we never asked that question
that's enough that's a given and it's
actually not in the wider world like a
lot of my friends you know from other
places that aren't YouTube don't
actually even really know what feminism
is properly or don't understand the real
definition of feminism and I'm trying to
change that but it's it's not a pill
battery you know and that's maybe my
fault I need to keep going I need to you
know that people don't hang out that's
like I need to keep getting on that and
so does everybody else like what is
devastating and beautiful is that Emma
Watson's speech is a revelation for a
lot of people who are watching and
especially in an environment like the UN
obviously dealing with a massive
patchwork cross cultural spaghetti of
ideals and beliefs and what she said was
revolutionary obviously it's not her her
own thoughts alone she's not the first
to think that she won't be the last and
think that but she was given a meeting
pedestal rain posed or
an amazing soapbox to say those things
and she did it really fucking amazingly
and with an amazing watertight use of
Lexus and she was just she was
right on the money and you know it's
weird when we're watching that on our
screens we don't when you see the the
context she's saying in the environment
is saying in you know but it's good and
I think what I'm trying to say after 8
minutes and 59 seconds is that we need
to expect more from our governments not
only in the way we interact with them
but their execution of what we asked for
it also made me think of the fact that
I've taken it for granted that when I am
in a club and people do get rid of me as
they do a lot and I I go back to them
and I retaliate or if I don't feel like
I'm safe enough to retaliate I usually
go to a bouncer and to be honest I've
never had a good reaction from a bouncer
when I've said this guy's groped me this
guy's following me this guy is making me
feel uncomfortable this guy has been
waiting outside the toilets for me to
come out this guy has put his hand up my
skirt and the bouncers reaction is
actually the worst and that's actually
where I expected to be the best and it's
the worst and it's because these ideals
like the stuff that and what I'm talking
about and the stuff that we're talking
about with consent isn't in the wider
world maybe it hasn't leaked up into
other generations who have grown up
differently from us but I still
executing what we want to call authority
but it's fucking appalling and I'm
giggling because I'm like I can't deal
I'm very bad at communicating anger so I
like giggle through it but what what I
feel is an immense lover of anger
towards and a culture that will let
bounces and kick men out for being
violent and they're not for being
sexually violent because it's part of
black culture and you know they're
allowed to and you know well you know
you're pretty fit there aren't you love
fuck yes but that's happened to me a lot
and in brief I've lived in some really
like parts of London that you know I'll
I shouldn't feel uncomfortable in but
because I've been following him so many
times and because I've had a lot of
abuse on the street I've just moved to
this area that it's just very expensive
and I give away a lot of my paycheck to
that because it's the only way I feel
safe and it's the only way I feel happy
it's the only fair way that I feel like
I own my body outside of my house and it
was really affecting me emotionally and
physically and I can't take it anymore
and it's something that I got to live
away from when I lived in Aberystwyth
it's something that I I saw what it was
like to not have that as something that
happened to me every day and once I'd
had that piece all I wanted was it back
and yeah I live in a ridiculously
expensive and posh parva London but I
feel safe here and but it was an
illusion but nobody comments on on
anything to do with my gender when I'm
when I'm outdoors the only p.m. street
catcalling I've got around here was
actually a woman who stopped me in the
street say hey nice t-shirt when I was
writing my name on page three t-shirt
and I was like okay look here your body
people but it's freaking sad that I
don't you know I don't feel not it's not
just that I don't like other other areas
it's just I genuinely don't feel safe in
them and I've had people follow me home
and pull their car follow me in their
car pull into side streets in front of
me so I couldn't get past to try and get
me in their car and it's just like is
this real is this really what like is
this noble oh god it is so yeah I've
spoken for 12 minutes now so I'm gonna
go but I'd love you to watch everything
else responses because they're better
but I just I just wanted to put in my
ridiculous 1 cent I think it is the time
to start thinking about not only what we
talked about on YouTube but what we
talked about in our wider communities
where we go out to talk about it and
what we really fucking demand from our
governments you'll hear me go on even
more than I already do about voting
because it's a thing we should do but I
think there's a lot of ways
every generation but especially our
generation is being screwed over
in the moment and it's entirely based on
historical historical evidence it's
entirely possible to change 100 freaking
prism entirely possible to change and
the way that I'm seeing people react
with such passion and energy and
resourceful nurse and genuine maturity
on YouTube at the moment against this
particular set of scandals makes me
think hey you know what if we were
outvoted for sure can you imagine what
would happen I was so excited I mean
just good but yeah I think there's
things that if people ask loud enough
for and shout loud enough or and people
pay attention and change them and some
of the court legislation around abuse
and the punishment of those abusers and
is something that we should really be
expecting more YouTube is in some ways
cooled because it is a self policing
area but it's also not cool because it
is a self policing area when really
these are things that should you know in
a lot of ways should we should feel like
we should just be able to hand this over
to the authorities and they would deal
with it and they will protect especially
the more vulnerable members of our
society and our community and but in all
honesty I I wouldn't put my my body on
the line to say they would and is a
great shame and something that I I
really wish I you know I'm 24 I could
have in doing shit about this already um
you know I've been 18 for 6 I've been
every team for six years and it's it's
really something that I owe to you guys
and no to the people who are watching my
channel who are 13 to 17 year old girls
which is most of you to try and sort the
fuck out so I will be turning to those
adults behind me who now for some reason
see me as an adult and having some
conversations with them properly about
specific issues because I can share all
I want about equality and feminism and
stuff but sometimes it's hard for people
who don't have those ideals to take
action on what you're asking
so when you ask for specific things and
say hey here's some legislation we could
change here's some stats though you want
upped and we can do that so from my part
I'm sorry if I haven't been you know I
think it's nobody's fault
but I would definitely like start doing
some more measurable stuff towards
protecting what it means to be human on
YouTube because apparently we're not all
getting treated like that and that's
that's not cool and so yeah thanks for
watching sorry
