hi guys this is and he has a YouTube
channel and he also has made some videos
about seven ism and gender stuff and he
basically like evoking pigeon-holed in
our friendship groups and generally in
life for being that person he's like how
did you bring that back - how did you
bring that back to sexism in gender like
how and so we've decided this is more of
a skill bit like some kind of like
constructive criticism which i think is
a thing anyway
what I've got here is a kin of random
pretentious um fridge magnets that have
words on them so even a thing we're each
going to pick one and see if we kiss
before we do it together and see if we
can get it back to gender somehow it's
more visceral probable Wow okay um this
is just a cheap one I'm gonna give you
this one
it's just a sample this is the word
don't play it's fine okay don't man
resist it bloody okay right now occurs
periods yeah good one uh defunct so
would you like to you can start with
different do you know I don't actually
really know what the fuck Tiffany this
is why I work in language I sell words I
live is not this what would you apply
that word I'm defective they like to
have something my funked but it's like
not like it yeah like the frontof like
Jackie fur is is we gotta talk about
gender
oh hey Kingdom scuse me oh wow you guys
but it was your reaction to what Kingdom
what
um what's not seeing again what's not
here it's queendom Shakespeare Kingdom
phallus there is done dick I want to get
I wanna get in itself I don't imagine
the silent dark it's go back to it
and oh let's see this doctor is speak
mine is not this light of day for anyone
who doesn't know that was a reference to
the film dim for mania always always oh
it's you isn't it first because I've
taken it I want to see if you can do it
cuz I can do it like here we go watching
this can do it in two seconds can you
you're like oh no I'll be a bad feminist
do it do not do that brad furman is not
a feminist see again because we were
talking about want to fight that I just
want to say always look on the bright
side of life okay
no that's not gender always the most
famous friend of those shells oh shit oh
are you mr. trick that area some parrots
were over and over you get to bit that
date for you lately privileged
discontent with the Sonia winter agenda
the winter of gender I just get done
tomorrow I feel bad cause you have been
trash today that's not discontent on
your call hmm I just laid some
discontent you might want to tweet the
picture later all new people name only
only only only you Lee knows what
everybody like this only you you and
you're trivializing things it's only
rape it's not there is it mouths a
fetishized thing of the female form and
not for being the word Smith but this
list oh my god blow job lips blogged if
I can even say it
I don't like Lee our lives a blow job
yeah blow job lips there's a very nice
thing
yeah maybe is nothing it's a thing that
people say I don't understand I mean I
understand but what is a blow job lip
and what is it when it's not blow job
lips when you were giving a blow job
then they've loads of it haha
they're just lives they're still lips
also like if men wear lipstick then it's
like why
your lips that's weird you might get
blowjob it sling banana hammocks but I
feel like integer Y to be fair I don't
know many also slings are for children
women carry children but men are
stronger the wiser we always carry the
children all men stronger
I don't know we we made it about gender
we do better solve gender found straight
back down found you and your food there
is litter but I feel like we've done mmm
although because it could be from or
vaginal but now make it more vaginal
leader pull out the badge lips no luck
all right
this is managed like the back of science
lessons like live yeah
that's not paid it service to feminism
that's just inactive lip service that is
not something on a prostitute menu girl
worked out you got your hot pepper
circumstance something were born into it
made me think of this CeeLo green thing
oh yeah oh the fact that he was like oh
I didn't rape her because she was
unconscious yeah that's the logic but
it's not um we should be absolute just
sounds to Twitter cuz everyone is just
okay this is the last word cuz of the
latter word curse curse it's a dunker
using male and female genitalia as curse
words and the problems oh yeah true
you're a dick
because dicks are part I like um you're
a funny that's cuz you're funny and weak
you're a funny it's funny because it's
just a funny word like who says
seriously you fatty it's really sexually
abusive because you liked fuck you oh
yeah like I'm gonna fuck you up and
stuff like that yes rady sexually
aggressive you know I'm gonna have sex
with you like you wouldn't be like yes
intercourse
you swearing and cursing is supposed to
be a void intact and like putting it
with sex is like weird power things yeah
still probably gonna sell a day yeah hey
I do we really enjoy swearing this has
been and I think other people thinking
that this was written sufficiently or
could have root adorable yes you can
find him at heavy hundred blogs will
ignore conversations behind that because
his name it and like let's totally 5
explain it every time it's like just
kiss my frog sounds a little bit weird
err yeah I was thinking about you in the
toilet earlier and I know that sounds
weird but it was just when we were in
the pub I was I was just thinking about
the YouTube URL opinion so it's just
thank you for coming on my channel thank
you read this this is fast like my god
yeah
oh my
