books books books books books effects
but first it looks books and speak to
all things why Dora penny
oh just want to squeeze this book I
wanna get cheeks and go your fun good
this is a testament to the amazing jobs
that independent book shops are doing
because I found this while browsing it
was an amazingly curated big shelf in
foils in Waterloo station that had like
blows nose really good and gender
discussion new books that just come out
and it was just great this is an
interesting one because I think after
reading up in retrospect I say it is a
feminist text but um if you look at the
way its market is actually is not
marketed as a feminist text in any way
which i think is really brave and really
cool and really important and actually
something that shouldn't be so unusual
do discuss what it is to market a
feminist text is a completely different
forgetting mess but you kind of know I
need you kinda me nothing from the front
cover the quote and the first two
paragraphs of a blurb suggest or use the
word feminism at all this is a book
about poverty and Prejudice online
dating and eating disorders riots in the
streets and lies on the television and
the slides on the back fits about
quality and justice for all and I really
think it delivers this is the grooviest
feminism you'll ever see my copy is
really day hey when it's a block color
and then a softer Church finish because
it just gets so grubby so easily but
anyway I genuinely think the journalists
make the best book writers just because
they're conciseness is amazing and it
also sometimes means that things aren't
backed up as well so I think there are a
lot of generalizations in this book that
stuff you get away with in an article
because you kind of roll about though
and we've got a resume all these facts
to get to a conclusion in the 500 word
limit I mean it's tough that if you
consider yourself in any way liberal
left-wing I have read a little bit of
our feminism in some way agreeing with
some of the points you can make that
leap and be like yeah Laurie we know
where you are
carry on but just on which we were
probably one of the only critters or
make a bit and also in our defense it is
very heavily reference in the back
should you want to spend all the time
reading references Laurie penny is
famous for writing the book cyber sexism
and she's a very famous colonist there's
definitely a lot of cyber sexist and
themes in here cheese for all the
politics around for Chan male spaces on
the into
at very much in the threat of women on
YouTube kind of discussions expands on
the face I think she's kind of famous
for which is she said a while ago that
the woman's opinion is the miniskirt of
the Internet
we choose to have one in public you
deserve the you get for it
brilliant however by far in my opinion
the best part of the book is a chapter
called lost voice and some of the
reviews that I've read in quite famous
broadsheet newspapers and they kind of
criticized what she says about men in
the book and I'm kind of like did you
read the book because actually this
chapter lost boys I just want to put up
book publishes a separate thing because
it's just so good in itself in life and
stuff that's been said before but not to
me she treats a subject of male
oppression with a certain amount of
reverence and sympathy but also very
complexly understands it and also it's
quite robust in her attack of it she's
she's very like these are the issues
this is why we just can't we just can't
all I make a whole of the video on that
but she helped me make so much sense of
myself of my male friendships of my past
relationship she talks a lot about class
and what it means to be a lost boy in
our society what it means to love lost
boys in our society the dangers of
loving over compromising and just just
really good meaty stuff that sounded
very cryptic but I just think you should
just read it and then we can talk about
it till 3:00 in the morning and eat
marshmallows because it's just one of
those things you just need to chew over
and while in some ways I feel like the
book felt it come to a lot of
conclusions what I really liked about it
is I felt that it hasn't and it was just
part it's kind of like listening to a
very wise friend really late at night
and being like I never thought about it
that way now I need to go away and think
about what I think what I believe so
yeah I mean no we're saying that I agree
with everything she says but I think
that she's just really expanded my mind
on how to think yes yes yes those are my
thoughts on Laurie Kenney and freaking
gray thanks for watching and I'll see
you in my next one frog snark out
