do you ever feel like you might not
exist bear with I just I just mean like
maybe because we're so used to recording
things and documenting things when
something doesn't isn't documented or
something is fleeting and nobody knows
about it
obviously it happened but it's the kind
of like if a tree falls in a wood and
there's nobody there to hear it did it
really fall kind of thing and I think
the modern equivalent that now is pick
so it didn't happen and social media
problem where something crazy will
happen and then people say pics or it
didn't happen
often when they meet celebrities or like
something rude crazy happens and the
love so crazy in save the last dance
which by the way is a great piece of
cinematic artistry frisia gear Jennifer
Lopez nuff said Richard Gere's wife
hires a detective to follow him around
and see if he is cheating on her she was
a quite an interesting report with the
detective that she's hiring and they're
having a debate about what they think
marriage is he's been divorced before
they kind of have a drink together it's
bit weird and she says she thinks
marriage is about witnessing marriages
saying your life will not go unnoticed
because I will notice you and your your
life won't go and witnessed because I
will be your witness and God is that
like a direct quote is that how many
times I've watched that film but it
always gets me thinking about who we
choose to be our witnesses and what's
worried about sharing stuff on the
internet is that aren't kind of in some
ways offering anyone to be a witness to
my life which usually be quite an
intimate thing and historically it was
we kind of see the Internet as the
all-knowing eye before that people wrote
each other letters to tell each other
what happened and it was more brief less
immediate if that if it's true that
things don't happen until somebody else
sees a picture of it then things didn't
happen for a long time after they
actually happened do you get me
reality was severely delayed mainly by
the dependence of the Postal Service I
guess living on my own and being on my
own a lot more than I got to be before
and really made me think about you know
do things what I do in this flat does it
really happen now I do sound crazy but
you can see how people get into that
mindset I think a lot of people would
say that my life is a little bit
look but actually the sheep turn I don't
say to the internet like so much and
actually I don't really say it to a lot
anybody sometimes and then I get weird
because I'm so used to sharing stuff I'm
like did it happen which is ridiculous
because after being on your own is you
just do things and nobody's watching and
that's what's good I just sound like
this hopefully it's about masturbation
now it's not just about you know life
have some vicious I promise you I'm not
cooking up some kind of plan to like cut
people into small bits and put them in
sauce pans like that does know what's
happening here although now I live on my
own I see how that scent of anyway what
I'm saying is you create realities in
your mind and sometimes I think we can
simplify our realities by trying to
share them all the time it's a constant
process of like publicity and marketing
almost social media is constantly like
right what has happened how do I make
them to a story so can tell the internet
which while it gives you great career
and life skills I think kind of makes
you run the risk of losing something in
the translation if I try and share a
thought before I really thought it won
it can sound really stupid - it can kind
of affirm people and three I never get
to know what the thought would have been
had I just kept thinking basically what
I'd like to do is quite a put a time
delay and schedule all of the posts and
social media things that I would share
like a year later you know it could be
like time hot but for realsies like
you'd only see what I was doing a year
after I'd done it and then you'd be able
to string together different like posts
and Instagram things then just making
more so much more sense if I had like
APIs like you know like I think the
immediacy of social media as a record
like kind of spoils it okay I like
sharing stuff and that's really cool but
I don't like sharing it immediately like
I rarely like take a picture and then I
immediately put it on Instagram I like
wait a few hours I I think that is that
now that's just that perspective of like
living on my own
I kind of being single that makes me
feel like actually what I do do does
happen I don't need to share it for it
to definitely be happening any of you
guys feel like that like you've kind of
been dipped into this thing where you
got a report it or it's just not solid
and I I just I'm just calling
on it basically I'm just maybe maybe
this is super ironic and stupid video
because actually I'm trying to record
how I'm feeling and and solidify it and
then share it so I think also that's why
I kind of struggle to socialize all the
time even though I'm not scared of
people and a lot of people see me as an
extrovert but I do get the feeling if I
hang out with people too many nights in
a row let's not get the feeling that I'm
missing out on something you know or
actually just run out of things to say
because I haven't had time to formulate
anything to say you know don't actually
just say everything I think I do think
about the things I say and it takes a
lot of time to make that you know after
a time you know you run out of material
things to say to people and then you
also just start to feel like socializing
is like being on social media all the
time you name like because I think
people people hate on social media a lot
right but actually it's just talking to
people but actually what they should be
hating on is talking to people all the
time like I've just realized how good it
is to just have silence in your brain
and be on your own you know I haven't
had that in a in a really long time and
I've just realized how how much it means
to me and and how more real I feel now I
don't have to say things back to people
all the time you know like it's it's
it's kind of great and kind of that
inherently by spending those type of
people there are people who are
witnessing your life all the time and it
is kind of like sitting on social media
or all the time it's kind of like a ah I
start to feel a ton real in social
situations because I'm constantly feel
like I'm just reporting back and it's
that rapport and it's that that effort
and that good thing you do and you're
having a conversation in New York t'v
but just being a reactive person isn't
actually being a person it's just
reacting to external forces rather than
just kind of being a person I don't know
what's happening why mid-year resolution
is to set more dates with myself in mark
protect defend those times where there's
no reason for me to be on my own and
apart from the fact that I think it's
important and that like any other hobby
or important thing that somebody is
earmarking their life to do is legit
it's relevant should be respected and I
feel like I'm very embarrassed to ask
for that from people because it makes me
seem cold-hearted and but then what else
is cold-hearted is turning up to social
occasions and not really being present
and and kind of not being there really
in your in your head oh god is is making
any sense
who cares it's the internet nothing why
you know what I think that was the
market I think make sense on the
Internet
cut my own fringe detail by
