hey guys been a while noted I've had a
few events in my personal life that was
kind of doing admin on and also
emotional admin on and also making a new
life for myself and it's kind of in beta
and it was a kind of weird time to share
stuff with you and make videos because I
was like what is this let's solidify it
before we before we start recording it
so I did that and now I'm back probably
all I'm gonna say on that for a while
sometimes you have to be doing for a
while you have to have a really good
reason to start doing it again and then
recently I finally found a reason to
lead in stand-up and that is this book
Harry's last and if something I was part
of the publishing process for which was
very very exciting I'm really reading
the manuscript when my publisher were
considering publishing it and also
reading the viral Guardian article he
wrote about why 2013 is gonna be the
last year that he wes is poppy how are
you Leslie Smith is an RAF veteran a
York Sherman and PS he's also 91 and a
half years old I'll say it again
he is 91 and a half year old he's on
Twitter more than I am and his amazing
manifesto slash soliloquy slash cry out
to any generation really but
particularly ours to talk about his
experiences living through the
depression in the 30s his view of how
Britain saw itself after the Second
World War and what his generation of the
country trying to build for us ie
the welfare state the NHS and looks back
in a beautiful poetic were also very
gritty real and sometimes hilarious way
at the past and try to see in parallel
with the situation Britain has found
itself in that I Eugene Wilson memoir
and while this is far from but also
absolutely a memoir I think it is so
much more you know me at all you know
I'm in somewhat uninformed but totally
excited by politics if there is a
drunken philosophical debate to be
having the pub I'll be at the heart of
it shouting over people and what I
really care about as people who aren't
in politics caring about politics I am
one of those people it's a transition
into actually caring because I feel like
it's something that I never learned
about at school which on behalf of the
Education Department and also the le.a
and was either gross misconduct or some
kind of calculated festering of
ignorance and but it's something like
angry about a lot because actually while
I am still learning about
six I'm 24 I should have been told about
this earlier I come from a fairly
privileged and educated background
compared to a lot of people but I'm
still wanting away friends from home to
vote so we really apply a lot and this
kind of fell at the right time on my lap
and made me cry in a more profound way
than the lake house or why a fiction
does it made me cry in a way that's kind
of like this is fairly urgent and also
very much affect my life and your life
and the future which by the way is
happening it's gonna happen it never
feels like it is until you're in it the
great quote on the back from him is I'm
storyand but in 91 I am history and I
fear it's repetition he's written
several Guardian article since our link
below that have gone viral he's been on
news night if you don't meet BBC news
hours but on the front of the Guardian
he came head-to-head with Baroness
Trumpington and he's just kind of been
everywhere lately so thinks it's
something you should consider jumping on
the wagon with or if not observing him
on his wagon probably making your own
wagon and going off on your own thing
but definitely get a wagon walk but you
missed this also an occupy by now I'm
Chomsky which is a 5-pound penguin
edition this is the raise the university
fees cheapest knowledge I've heard of
it's very shorts about hundred pages
long it's got those pictures in it don't
worry it's just kind of very
introduction to what the Occupy movement
even ins people within the Occupy
movement what they believe it is or what
it isn't it's kind of fluid space as
people just standing somewhere to say we
don't agree and that being okay and not
wanting to take that I further but just
turning up and being present to say hey
probably not okay what you doing it's
got some beautiful quotes from Howard
Zinn I'm putting on my walls I'm going
to quickly read you a little taster just
go thought this bit was really clever
and there's an ideology that takes a lot
of effort to implant it's so inhuman
that it's hard to get into people's
heads the ideology to just take care of
yourselves and forget about everybody
else actually there's been an effort for
around 150 years literally to try and
pose that way of thinking on people
while evil in bitches Hall said I
disagree with what you say but I will
defend to the death your right to say it
I'm I just want to make sure that other
people are saying other things because
sometimes it doesn't feel that way
especially I think to my generation we
don't hear a lot really or I don't think
people speak to us a lot
you know they speak over our heads they
speak about us I think
people don't open dialogue with us I
think we should open dialogue with them
what I've got to say if you want to pop
into Harry's last and calm and there's
like a cool social media campaign thing
where you can put in something that you
stand up for with your photo and it
turns it into a like a political poster
with everybody else's and you can see
what everybody else is standing up for
because standing up is a really main
thing so we leave the links these books
below and some other helpful links to
help you out and I'm just going to end
on like a super cool quote that I really
like from Howard Zinn if we do act we
don't have to wait for some grand
utopian future the future is an infinite
succession of presents and to live now
as we think human beings should be in
defiance of all that is bad around us is
in itself a marvelous victory I'm gonna
post the whole quote below because I
love it and I like you guys and I like
this still just about and I hopefully
see you soon thank you for your patience
bye
