hey guys this week I'm just kiss my frog
I'm gonna be interrupting our normal
schedule I can't honestly say that
without laughing schedule just kids wore
a knee interrupting our turbulent and
questionable content to focus on
something that has really bothered me
for the last I don't know life today is
the first day of anti street harassment
week i Nev notice of the thing and it is
a thing and that makes me hopeful I want
to join in the hope I don't list of me a
week of moaning I don't see a week
complaining but I do on it to be a week
of challenges and dressing situations
looking at them from an analytical point
of view and also just getting more
revealing of togetherness I think what's
great about having weeks themed around
this kind of thing is it gets people
talking about it getting an you but
together trying to orchestrate different
ways to stop it from happening and and
ultimately just to make you feel like
you're left alone I know the most lonely
part of my day is walking home from the
station because I rarely go a day if I
walk home at night without somebody
either following me shouting something
at me making me feel inferior or
sexually harassing me and that that's
what it is I think I love the time we
trivialize it and we think oh no it's
just we're just very used to it as women
but actually that's what it is for me
and pretty much every single girl I know
it's been going on since to about 12 or
13 mainly in our school uniform and to
be honest in the last 10 years I haven't
really seen a decrease in my life of
that thing and that's infuriating I
don't know how personal to get with you
guys but I know as I've become more
aware of feminism and gender
discrimination I've really seen how it
has affected me in my psyche it's fresh
in my friendships with guys is affecting
my own relationship with my fiance is
expected the way I feel about my body
sometimes even more personally than the
media the thing with the media is that
we've been very aware for the past 10
years it has been lying to us and it's
been a source of conversation at least a
point of discussion about how the media
is lying to us that how we should look
but actually I think street harassment
affected me more because it's so
personal it's so direct is it's in my
face is directed towards my body it's on
my streets in my home I don't see that
many women out on the street in my area
and I think it's because of that the
streets are ours too and making us feel
that we can't go out in them or that we
don't own them we don't have a right to
occupy that space in the same way is
well there's no words like they're
really shitty
oh sweet community discussing those
issues talking about what we can do to
prevent it laughing at those issues a
little bit having a giggle I'm not
usually into kind of like be my l share
favorite subscribe but like if you find
these videos helpful or you find any
videos this week you see from other
people helpful informative and something
that you don't think the people around
you really know about or feel like
discussing openly please share it
because I think a lot of society's
issues filter down into kind of street
behavior and I think if we change Street
behavior we can filter that back up into
the pyramid of shit maybe maybe shot to
change things at least dilute them a
little bit at this point I just can't
imagine knowing what I know about the
street at least in Britain sending a
daughter out into that street harassment
limits people's mobility and access to
public spaces to form of gender violence
and it's also human rights violation of
pops and link so you can read about the
week below and also some really cool
projects and women that I think you
should check out if you want to and I've
also made a playlist of previous videos
that have made about street harassment
on YouTube that I think are really good
I hope you looking for this week as much
as I am I see you in my next video frogs
knock out
