hey guys so today I'm going to be
reviewing for you some illustration
books slash graphic novels slash art
books slash books with pictures I feel
like in this decade in particular we've
seen a surge of that kind of zine esque
kind of art form that I just ah they're
good for the eyes they're good for the
soul they're good for the 50 books
challenge and I think each one has a
fresh way of approaching storytelling
that arcs also into an audience who like
film and experience art and just general
culture so be reading a lot of these
lately and I'd love to read more so if
you guys have any recommendations pop
there but Festivus is beautiful offering
from hot key it's called Isabelle's
journal it she's 16 and I believe she
was spotted because she has a beautiful
illustration blog to give you a
ridiculous nomination I'd say that is a
look into her journal her sketchbook her
kind of artistic stream of consciousness
this is my favorite page it's just a
picture of some hairy legs and feminism
why not and then a note below that just
says I think I am trying to say
something profound here I think there
something extraordinary and confident
intelligently honest but also very
humble about Isabelle's thought process
and I would dearly love to meet her she
seems so freaking awesome she's the best
friend that will sit on you on the bus
after a day at school and just say
things how they are sometimes I think I
oversimplify the memory of myself as a
teenager and this made me believe in in
the complex self at school and just
being who you are no matter what age you
are does that make sense I think this is
a very good book to talk about the fact
that you are a personality after certain
age rather than just being a certain age
and that that defines you and I just I
think this is excellent of the same ilk
as Isabelle's journal it's mistakes in
the background by Laurel now I'm in my
sixth reading of this book I think my
friend gave it to me for a birthday and
was basically just like this is your
brain smushed into pages my first
impressions of it were like a Dalek
cover matching stickers and wrapping
paper at the back which perhaps just
demonstrates you why the thought process
behind this book is quite a similar to
wine my petit childish instincts I don't
know what this is and it's the fifth
time already
is it a poetry book is a sketch book is
an art book is it a story book is it
kids book for adults with swearing and
set
is it a book for adults with kid mine
it's a beautiful collection of stories
and poems it's just so well created and
so effortless and so sure ditch does
that make any sense
if East London was a person he would
write poems like this and stick them in
to the book with cellotape and scan them
in and publish them worldwide because
East London doesn't care about
typesetting your doctor is a unique
voice I have been sir I was following
stalking for the past maybe like four
years I'm gonna link some videos of
heads below because she's a great spoken
word poet as well - live storyteller and
I'm just I'm just a fan she writes kids
books I will read them next Alisa scenes
for an impending marriage a prenuptial
member by Adrian Tomine I bought this
secondhand on a whim just because I've
been engaged for about two and a half
years and I think I'm probably going to
be engaged from over two and a half more
has anybody else put their mind into the
cauldron of like social etiquette
clashes and cultural minefields and
families and financial crises poisonous
kind of potion that is the cauldron of
an impending marriage like actual
marriage totally fine wedding oh it's
just a very very short graphic novel and
the kind of comedic kind of stages
before this couple get married
anything from meeting perspective DJ's
like DJ buttercream two arguing about
whose friends are better friends and the
social etiquette who invites who - whose
weddings when you're in that code
twenties thirties phase it's just
hilarious it was just what I needed to
be like ha ha them - it's a great little
gift if you've got friends getting
married or it's probably not getting
married because of the stress of it or
has got married and is now trying to
emotionally recover
next is the house that groaned by Carrie
Friedman this is a beautiful and not
anyway delicate depiction of lots of
different people living in this massive
London house and although kind of
different grotesque live lots of
beautiful imagery of kind of bodies
fading into furniture and space taking
up and you can probably analyse this and
they're kind of like humans and space
kind of way but it's also just quite
enjoyable it is very abstract and if
you're looking for like a linear
narrative or like a logical ending you
won't you won't find it here but it
very experimental and and very very
endearing I love the old woman look at
the old woman I'm not like crazy my
favorite rapping or whatever kind of
mode but I am like this was great kind
of mode and then lastly was this I think
this is she on my voice has gone all
hushed I think this is one of my
favorite books of all time wherever kind
of clear outs or possession cleansing
phase as I go through I think this one
is going to last forever guys I think
this book is called I've lived in East
London for eighty six and a half years
the foreword by the photographer who did
the book I think kind of sums up summer
2007 midday there he was standing with
plastic bag and hand oversized blades
and slipping off his shoulders chatting
to the various neon clad youth lazing in
the Sun I assume Joe was lost or
homeless or possibly a little mad I
assumed he might have alcohol in the bag
I was wrong on all accounts it turned
out that he more than any of us young
pretenders was rooted in this area was
more sane than all of us for 80 years
Joe had witnessed a continual cultural
transformation we can only imagine where
he knew cabinetmakers we knew cocktail
bars where he frequented music halls we
walked past modern estate in his plastic
bag he carried what he'd always carried
a small carton of orange squash this is
a pictorial representation with some
beautiful quotes from an old man called
Joe now there ain't nothing special
about Joe or is there he talks about
life and death and pigeons and sex talk
slow being happy with the simple life
and a humble life and the single life
this book gave me so much reverence for
somebody who I may have walked past on
the street and just been like all creepy
old man the photography is phenomenal
the story is beautiful and I don't think
that many people know about this book
and I can't think of enough ways to try
and change that I this is genuine my
favorite books of the whole year and I
think this is what publishing should be
about it should be about documentation
it should be about honesty it should be
about integrity and just just guilt just
well done jobs skilled things that
people have done if you read one thing
this year let it be this predicts a
short mainly photographic stunning piece
of history and a present of an other
future like it's just
magic will you buy it now get a bit
you
you
