hi guys this is sana we are here today
to talk about the Virgin Suicides though
the Virgin Suicides is about the Lisbon
sisters the neighborhood boys kind of
watched them they don't know a lot about
them see them in school and they see
them in their garden and see them
through the windows and they just don't
know what to make of them and it's
almost like they worship though it's
just so funny to read through the
perspective of like teenage boys
towlines I kind of like they were women
trapped in girls bodies and as we read
their Diaries we understood why was to
be a girl they went into the house like
fan tampons Geoffrey you wouldn't okay
really obsessive they just want to like
yeah much the things that the girls have
until I get a bit of their essence well
I was interested in I want your opinion
it's exactly same book I think it's my
favorite but because of the writing and
because of the theme but I finished it
and I was like is this a respectful look
at suicide or is this supposed to be
talking about fetishizing suicide are we
laughing at the girls because they're
killing themselves for like no good
reason and is it supposed to be a
commentary on like people are killing
themselves because they're just sad more
is it like kind of profound things like
everybody is sad and sometimes they kill
themself eel-like it's very much just
like a moment in time and this is just
like a situation that he's painted and
imagined and I don't feel like it
necessarily has the agenda of being like
suicide is this or suicide is then to me
it didn't necessarily say one thing or
the other have some friends you came out
of it being like I just don't get why
they killed themselves like that what do
they have to be sad about and I think
that's kind of what it's about it's like
what are they what are they actually
like but so many people that who are
depressed and things like that sin you
can't like pinpoint and like I'm sad
because of this thing the whole
community got confused because they were
like I don't get what they're just
teenage girl they should be fine they
cried very early on when the first girl
in this spoiler alert when the first
girl jumps out of the window and falls
on the fence and then all of the men in
the community get together to take the
fence down and they go we need to do
something about this issue let's remove
the fun young and that was
it's just so I think it was such a good
study of depression obviously they do or
die and in the end the way it's done is
in a very showcasing way and the girls
calculate it so that somebody will see
it and it they want it to be observed
they don't want it to be experienced by
other people because they don't just
want to like crawl into a quiet corner
and die do they just want to be like
remembered is it that because they know
that these boys are subsist with them
and they play into it I mean I don't
feel like they're just like we're gonna
scar these boys for life if they have
this attention so they're going to use
it yeah like leave something behind what
they leave they like oh the whole way
through it was talking this omniscient
perspective where it was like this is
inevitable they're all gonna kill
themselves like let's just see how it
happens that's always the way it was
gonna be there was nothing we could do
that it doesn't seem like so the sadness
it's never understand that kind of
separation from depression I think the
boys treat as well like they have this
intrinsic like secret reason why they
kill themselves and they'll they'll
never know and then at the end you start
to question whether there was a reason I
wanted to make a discussion video about
it instead of a review because I think
it's not enough to just be like I like
this book it was really creepy
super creepy hahaha so well-written cuz
it's just more like it's so much Joe if
you just leave it in a kind of loot
Lolita kind of like well that was really
creepy and beautiful kind of well I
think it's scarier than that and
actually I think it was one of the
scariest books I've ever read because
it's about how communities react to
death like badly yeah there was
something about how they like tried to
talk to the like the four sisters I'm in
school and my niece gets okay I think
they're okay counselor anything that's
why it's great it's an adult book I
think it's it's very popular in commit
the teenage rounds yeah it's about
should be how adults think that the
teenagers are simple and they're frankly
not like they are having been trapped in
girls bodies also it's sharply so many
times that would be stuff on like oh wow
okay we're gonna go in there
in a way of finding hilarious how these
girls like trying to be super mysterious
and also the way they're being described
is very like yes everyone has their own
identity as a teenager but they're very
much like all these weird things on the
walls math room so he's really weird
like shrine yeah and I like described as
an organism they like move as one in my
head is like a group of girls floating
through the world yeah I'm like touching
my mouth so beautiful but then also
scary that I found it so beautiful I was
like if you got like a realistic
portrayal but they were actually like
saying to each other and things like
that would be completely another like
ten years to do like a whites like a
casino style thing and what I think it
did really well as well was place it in
the 90s that's something really hard to
do in retrospect things because it's so
close to what we know I feel like all
this texting in this YouTube is really
like interfering anyways I have this
story we work so we're just gonna like
take it back ten years so guys just
between right we could do on social
media vision suicide Instagram I think
maybe the Virgin Suicides
should lead to more discussions about
suicide rather than just being like this
is beautiful right because it is but
like why can't we talk about the baby -
you were like what the fuck how does a
text like this come out of a person yes
the Tecla someone's been like I think
it's a mystery to me as to like why it's
not studied in school as the most
important text a lot of times parents
would be like oh my god kids are gonna
be like doing this all the time like
this we can't have this information
that's why it's gonna matter because I
feel like if parents go we should read
this book then you are the parents in
the book because I didn't really like
the Marriage Plot you guys have any
recommendations for books that are
actually like the present so I would
love to know it's not a search term
I can't just search beautiful prose and
sadness thank you my pleasure I could
end this for you I will not win this for
you so you guys should definitely read
the person's insides if you haven't yet
bye I can't we just talked about how she
has like salad dressing
- laughs is annoyed pregnancy oh excuse
me good sex education it's like what are
you doing it's not NHS approves my
future
Kalinin hi my name is Eileen again
