no no look away I'm done with it well
some tips camera I want to do this tag
because I just think it's an interesting
difference between my list of maybe
favorite books ever most influential
book seven are different also I know one
of the rules a lot of times they're not
researched to explain why but because of
some kind of genetic anarchy I'm going
to give you like a tweet size and
summary of the lesson if the each book
taught me wicked by Gregory Maguire
because sometimes it is better to be
right and alone also terrorism is
totally a subjective word the awakening
by Kate Chopin internalizing the
expectations of your gender will make
you crumble from the inside if you need
to be the mother fucking creepy cat lady
be the mother fucking crazy cat lady
both of you depressed don't go for a
swim Philip Larkin Collected Poems the
mundane is beautiful
the madeand is sexy mundane is blank
tidy give me a woman day no the
irresistible revolution by sharing label
not a thought presence I agree with
anymore but it did teach me great
lessons about radicalism bravery and
having a kind of bigger imagination for
your life also to say there's probably
the reason I got dragged out so much
blues by Leslie Feinberg straight people
Oh Petra normally a thing and it's
assumed privilege is something that
needs to be obliterated
also it's very urgent Summerhill by AF
Neil cool didn't have to be that way
let's treat children like humans and see
what happens
whoa i shagged not having children less
I can send some Hill the beach baby I'm
a reader button read without aid well
Emma by Jane Austen you can be a bitch
and a good person and they're not always
mutually exclusive sometimes you're both
awesome and wrong the twits I rolled are
the birth in my mind of the anti-hero
ways of seeing by John Berger I will
never truly see again what is seeing can
one see I don't know what seeing is how
could I look at things and
I know know what I see seeing and
knowing will never happen
what we always in French abuts let me
know in the comments Taiki angrily this
point is redundancy as ever we have
already done it nobody tagged me nobody
cut over it
Fox knock out I will see you later
with a gold country-region I got all
come way do I go country wait
