hi sir person called Alice or more
accurately I'm just cool Alice Louise
underscore asked me a while ago what the
best piece of advice I have ever been
given was and that is easy and I tell
people all the time it's the thing my
mom used to say to me when I was growing
up and I said this to the other day and
she's now she was saying it so like is
this real
but she used to say to me everything in
moderation I remember going to parents
evening and this girl who was in a class
of me came up to me and she was like
there was your parents and I was like
yes and she was like those ones and I
was like yes they're my parents and she
was like oh I thought your parents would
be pirates or something and I remember
really vividly saying that and being
like what but then I guess as I got
older I realized how different I am to
my parents and how that is kind of such
a great testimony to what good parents
they are because I think they raised me
to raise myself will I be myself and
that I think scary parenting is when
people turn out too much like their
parents and you're a bit like that's not
just a nastic is it and one of the ways
I think my mom probably recognized that
I was quite different to them was that I
was like incredibly loud child teenager
I was I was very extreme I was you know
everything is going wrong or everything
is going right and I'm gonna take over
the world and I always remember that bit
of advice everything in moderation
really helping me my parents well
they've done like so much to their lifes
and they've traveled ever and they've
lived in so many countries and they can
speak so many languages they're very
humble people and you wouldn't guess it
when you meet them I don't think they're
they're very quietly confident and
they're very humble and and growing up I
wanted to be a West End actress and I
wanted to be on the stage and I wanted
to run away with the circus and I wanted
to do with these big showy
things and that bit of advice really
helped me I remember and kind of it
sticking with me a lot because my
instinct is often to be like that person
is an awful person but everything in
moderation and I haven't I have failed
at this thing why I haven't found
everything I think the world teaches us
to look at things in this really like
extreme way and what makes a good story
is that somebody is a bitch I am perfect
or that this is a political party that
can do no wrong some people think it's
easy to think that moderate beliefs or
moderate lifestyles or moderate ways of
living are boring but at
their nuance Denis once's interesting
mix is interesting spectrums are not
only important but they're well cool and
interesting to think about and me and my
friend George used to say to each other
all the time you know there'd be like
stuff like going on at school or
something blow up everything in
moderation or like you know I'm gonna go
out and do these guys do everything in
moderation and then we made up a phrase
food would like everything in moderation
even moderation and we thought is the
cleverest thing we've ever come up with
but it's true I think there are and it's
kind of become a phrase that means
nothing and means everything and it's
just kind of like it's kind of like
check your scaling check your
perspective check the zoom out of your
life and that is how I have interpreted
that mom I don't know if you remember
giving me that voice belies more
laughing but yeah I think for some
people it might not be helpful but for
me as somebody who is like kind of I
always kind of feel like an extreme
person or that I'm you know I might have
really into something where I'm really
against it or I'm really gonna change my
life in this way or I'm really gonna
stop doing that forever and it's just
helped me be like moderation and thank
you for watching yesterday I went to
women of the world festival and I got
these bloody amazing earrings it's a
place called funky and chunky and I just
really loved their store like I just
thought it's cooked so anyway non spawn
but I bought these earrings from them
and I'm absolutely in bloody love what's
the best bit of icing you've ever gone
let me know in the comment below and
I'll see you in when fun
