I guess my friend Harry is doing a essay
on social media she wanted to ask me
some questions I was gonna answer their
questions by writing them down but
should I feel like when I'm trying to
form ideas as I say them it's so much
easier to start talking so I thought
maybe do her recording and then I was
like hang on I make youtube videos
wouldn't be matter if I made a youtube
video aren't doing her questions so I
thought I might kill eight birds one
stone and kind of show you guys what my
answer would be to these questions and
I'd love to hear yours or because I
think they have really great questions
and if you guys on writes these
questions in the comments as well like
help her with her essay pay-it-forward
first question is why did you start
blogging / blogging I've done unity
about 4 or 5 years ago and at the time
it was big to me that I was I was able
to afford a laptop that was mine and
then it had a webcam on it I was like
bitch the idea of being able to see
myself while recording myself kind of
blew my mind which it wasn't that long
ago so you can say I was kind of in the
past but also technology is moving
forward so crazily I don't even know who
to blame there but I did I thought it
was it so it was kind of a comment I
think it was kind of a combination of me
wanting to record myself and kind of
note take and kind of solidify Who I am
in film instead of pictures cuz you're
always taking like stupid portrait
pictures of yourself when you're younger
aunt you but this is something different
this was me moving this is me talking
it's sad to me remember kind of family
members and stuff and kind of people who
are close to me who are dead now who I
have pictures of them and I memories of
stuff they have done but really I don't
remember how their voices sound or how
they moved all their gestures and the
memories that have of them are ones that
I have recorded or ones that I've kind
of curated for them rather than them
picking the medium and the editing and
having their gestures and their voice to
accompany their memory so in some ways
it was solidifying that for me I wanted
to record myself and kind of almost and
some because some subconscious level
make a record of me somewhere so if you
look on YouTube there's like a crazy
spectrum of things where people are like
over sharing to the point of like what
don't they record on the Internet and
that is actually the main focus of their
content is like themselves and there's
people who are making
educational very well scripted and well
cut things that don't really reveal
anything about themselves or arguably
reveal something about themselves
through out through through like a
measurable medium like animation poetry
forms that we already know as forms an
amazing video as a medium to do that
with I think I'm somewhere in the middle
I do like to share so say with my
proposal video that I made a while ago I
share I did share that but I had a point
to the video it wasn't I just wanted to
tell you that story I wanted to there
was some kind of like like message
behind it some kind of moral some good
that's a worse word or some kind of
allegory some kind of fable that I
thought made me think about the rest of
my life and things we do I think once I
had an angle for that personal story it
made more sense to share it because and
also because it was so long ago that
story happened like two years ago now so
I've had a chance to privately filter it
focus what I wanted to take from it and
make it into a video rather than like
immediately telling you what happens
during away and being like oh my god so
yeah I think I I think I do share
personal stories when I think they have
some kind of meaning to somebody else's
life and in some way I'm almost
controlling the way that somebody
applies that to their lives or their
experiences because I put it through a
lens not just the camera lens but like
an emotional lens I go this is the angle
that you should see my life at this is
the story and this is the way I'm
telling it and this is what you should
take away from it and that's a way of
stepping back really that's a privacy
thing almost it's like the way I share
publicly but through my own kind of
private curation the light is going
there is no light
oh yeah number three was where do you
draw the line I guess that's where I
draw the line I will tell personal
stories but as long as they have
something and I don't think like oh I
don't know I wouldn't share a sexual
story on the internet because that's
something that I'm Way more private
about and I I just wouldn't even if even
if it helps somebody even if I throw in
my help like where I am now I don't
think I share it and also like really
just stuff like I used to be a Christian
now I'm not Christian that's something
that I am struggle to share on the
internet because it's something that I
haven't filtered properly yet and it's
kind of private to me right now because
I don't even know I don't even know what
that is so I don't want to tell people I
don't know about
until I've decided what it is number
four is positive or negative responses
what did you have what were those things
were they bad or good if you watched why
is ranked funny video you'll see some
freaking negative comments some of them
threatening that fraud have been taken
down now people threatening to come
round and rape me
they are pretty negative and I've also
had a few people kind of like body
shaming shit that's like when I you two
got outfits of the day people were like
you're fat like no offense but like I
don't think that skirt is for fat people
and I was like thank you for your
opinion on this great Democratic forum
but fuck you I don't really get that
many negative comments to be honest I
get a lot of people who are like you
talk to you fast to which I say you
think too slow five your opinion on the
short-term effects of sharing on you
short term I do watch my videos back is
that weird but short term that's
something I do and it kind of make help
to reflect on things like actually I
think I've become a better public
speaker because of you because I see
when something takes me a while to say I
could have know how that looks or if I
if I make gestures or don't make eye
contact then I can kind of see that that
might not be a great way to project
myself I think I've become a lot more of
an open gesticulating
and and I'm just more aware of the way I
move and talk and think really it's
really hungry self-aware and long-term
it conquers all my fuzzy memories of how
I used to be because I look back at even
videos and three years ago and I saw
such a dipshit like I was I was not that
intelligent I thought it was so awesome
2015 may will row back on this video and
be like what an idiot shatters the
illusions of the good memories of
yourself and you go was a dick which is
good bad nobody wants to live in a fairy
world but the same time all tinted
glasses towards the past is always fun
so also relate back at myself and I know
that I have been recording myself at
times that I've been particularly upbeat
or particularly good things have been
happening and I remember that at that
time actually some shit have still
happened and I didn't record it because
Bob's is the internet so it's not always
an accurate representation of me either
because I never recorded myself when I
was having a deep thought maybe or and
when I was sad or you know the always we
missing
experiences it's not gonna be an
accurate record of who you were it's
going to be an accurate record of the
videos you uploaded to YouTube which is
what it is some temper sex you know
tomorrow it doings for another 50 years
and then it will be weird then it will
be very weird then and we'll all find it
weird number 7 why do you think you
share and I've gone over why I started
sharing why I think I share now um me
and Harry talked about this in the
coffee shop I think like such a sinister
conclusion I figured something to do
with witnessing things like you want
people to witness that you exist because
I think we're way more aware of like
globalization now and how big everything
is and how many people there are and
your statistics and you know not you're
not in a school where you're 140 you're
in a school where you're one of 1200
you're in a university where you're one
of 20,000 or in a workplace where there
are rules and regulations and maybe your
boss's boss's boss doesn't know who the
fuck you are and you watch YouTube
videos where you see the numbers below
and you go I am one of 10 million people
who watch this video you watch the news
in those disasters and there's thousands
and thousands people dying I just think
we have more of a concept now of like
how freaking small we are and how much
of a like dust mite we are on the
blanket of time and we just like we feel
like we just can be flicked away as soon
as he died so I guess mine is in some
way a record hey I was here hey I
probably had some things to say hey I
talked to people and yeah it's also like
not just like solidifying the past it's
like changing the present and the future
the reason I make videos about feminism
and page 3 and like gender stereotypes
is because I don't want that to be a
thing in the future and I feel like I'm
gonna make something now it might change
things later oh look the future are you
a politician 8 do you think in public
space at the Internet has become the
private archive of the younger
generation Oh Harry Harry I don't know
how are you answer that I don't let me
cooking on stuff but yes actually yeah
actually you know it was easy yes so you
share something publicly but actually
you're making a private record almost
like it is for you like if I look away
Instagram that's for me that was like
the photo everyday challenge but yeah
psi share it and I like likes on it
because it makes me feel warm do you
think the public space of the Internet
has become the private archive of the
generation so I guess the only donation
is it's like us but also people who
aren't me maybe people who are like 1415
who if you think about it I get young
for like 10 years younger than me
especially like infants that born now
like literally every moment of the
infancy must be recorded I don't have
any videos with me when I was a kid I
don't have any like have some pictures
but that's about Larry recording
sometimes if you go back to like my
childhood archives there might be a year
or two missing where it's like I don't
have a picture from when I was three I
thought in front of us forward to you
that's it so yeah like you tell me guys
cuz I'm not that age I'm old now
oh I definitely think we're archiving
things we're not just sharing that we're
archiving them and I think sometimes we
accidentally archive stuff because we
just think we're sharing it then I turn
upon your Facebook feed like ten years
later but with the Christian thing as
well which I'm not going to go into
right now but like there are bits of me
on Facebook that are very much to do
with what used to be my faith in God and
it's weird when that comes back up
really weird
I wrote it too so there's no really
getting away from that so I think we'll
go oh I remembering you a Christian
you're a bit of a dick and I could be
like oh no I wasn't Facebook I made that
record that's my archive I can't argue
that and also my question back to you
Harry if you're sharing and or archiving
at the same time are you in some way
trying to create like a a collective
history like are you trying to like
because you're sharing it as you're
recording it are you constantly
comparing it to other people's
experiences and other people's memories
and then somehow accidentally making a
collective memory like you know like on
Instagram now you have like the map
option where whatever picture you take
you can map exactly where that picture
is in the world and where it was taken
and you can go and look at that map and
look at all the other pictures people
have taken in that exact area scary hey
like Foursquare Foursquare excellent app
and more orders map in real time the
more orders map for muggles that's what
it should be called if you want answer
any of these questions I'm gonna leave
them in the downbar please let me know
your thoughts on it because it's
interesting to me and to hurry
apparently so that's - thanks for
watching this month I'm making a video
every
okay in January so if you want to catch
up on the other ones there's gonna be a
link after this to the Palin hey bye
