hey guys hey guys today's video is a
video that I recorded a while ago and
was not sure if I was gonna fur now you
know people do stupid things
ah I agree what something I didn't
research properly use of it in that
anybody and if we got my hands no just
me cool I found this article on Twitter
the link to tumblr a lot of people seem
to be tree tweeting favoriting liking
and then on tumblr people re posting
commenting like oh this is the sweetest
thing on close inspection although the
Internet is just one freaking dirty
scummy hive of rumors uh it probably
unlike either Brad Pitt said this house
I still want to set this video up
because somebody wrote it and more
importantly lots of people think it's
okay obviously every opinion is fair and
Nevermore I can think of many reasons to
be worried by anybody who says these
kinds of things to you in your life when
I was 15 if somebody said this to me I
can't guarantee that I wouldn't be
really endeared and also enthralled by
this kind of statement but but no more
people might be interesting to show you
this clip anyway even though like yes we
know Brad Pitt may not said this and I
did try and do a kind of like
introduction with involving like
slightly awkwardly racist and accent and
a cat was very very misogynistic you see
you know we all know that maybe Brad
Pitt did not say these things I decided
to spare you enjoy the video and fuck
you metaphorical symbol that sometimes
renamed Brad Pitt they were listening I
just saw the most adorable thing on
tumblr and from Brad Pitt and I know
people say like he's the quarterback of
acting or ever he's like dumb but
actually I think this is really poignant
and something we can all learn from it's
all over tumblr right now pictures of
him and Angelina Jolie is quite me he
apparently southern she my wife got sick
she was constantly nervous because of
problems at work personal life her
failures and children she lost 30 pounds
and weighed in at about 90 pounds she
got very skinny and was constantly
crying she was not a happy woman she
suffered from continual headaches
heart pain and jam nodes in her back and
ribs she did not sleep well falling
asleep only in the mornings and got
tired very quickly during the day our
relationship was
verge of breakup her beauty was leaving
her somewhere she had back in her eyes
she was poking her head and she stopped
taking care of herself she refused to
shoot films I rejected any role I lost
hope and thought we'd get a divorce soon
but then I decided to act after all I
got the most beautiful woman on earth
she was the idea of more than half of
the men and women on earth and I was the
one allowed to fall asleep next to her
and to hug her I began to shower her
with flowers kisses and cuddles I
surprised and pleased her every minute I
gave her a lot of gifts and lived just
for her I spoke in public only about her
I incorporated all themes in her
direction
I pray to her in front of her own and
our mutual friends you won't believe it
but she blossomed
she became better she gained weight no
longer was nervous and loved me more
never I had no clue that she can love
that much then I realized one thing the
woman is the reflection of her man if
you love her to the point of madness she
will become it isn't that the sweetest
thing this person on tumblr is literally
crying it's so beautiful fuck are we
really are we really gonna champion this
man answers I really is this really
toddler really I want t-shirts to just
say really tumblr let's read that again
and with our oh I don't know a quality
glasses on you know that belief that men
are equal to women in every way and are
individuals in their own right into that
one let's just work backwards from here
from the front from the last line I
really should alert everybody wife is
not alerting everybody's radars to his
absolute dick nurse then I realized one
thing the woman is a reflection of her
man and let's work back from her shall
we let's paraphrase woman going through
what sounds like extreme clinical
depression her beauty is leaving I'm
just going to stop you there
Brad beauty isn't a thing that visits
people and then leaves Beauty is a
perception it's something that people
perceive it's not something that leaves
when you have an illness ie depression
the word beauty is purely at the viewers
discretion if you choose to view your
wife as beautiful the only thing that
changes is your mind it doesn't change
anything in them
Tyrael world has Benjamin Button not
taught you this you must have read the
holes did you read the whole script just
read your lines I don't know and because
she had depression
it's your beef brand I'm sure there's
like lots kind of personal things that's
absolutely your issue with your wife
from what you're saying here what it
sounds like is because of her depression
you were going to get a divorce for what
changed her ex what sounds like
existential crisis and depression what
changed your marriage what saved her
ultimately were your actions you changed
and she changed because she is a
reflection of you of course I didn't see
she's an extension of your ego of course
she's gonna fuck oh fuck this this whole
video is just gonna be fuck off Brad
Pitt all this story is is literally Brad
Pitt trying to make himself a hero of
somebody else's struggle with depression
and not only is he the hero in this
scenario but you can be to just takes a
few quirky and simple but obvious steps
and your wife will no longer have
depression also she report await let's
state for women how much they weigh on
the internet shall we and then regulate
their size according to their happiness
remember what all depressed women really
need just some gifts and hugs you just
need two really big them up show them
that the world thinks they're awesome
and they'll be fine
they couldn't have any more complex
issues than that because they know
ridiculous the idea that they have more
complex issue than that they might
question their their position in the
universe they might question their role
in society they might I don't know I
don't know they just rubbish the ego
thing they just need to have their ego
bumped up it's all about confidence
isn't it for the kirbygirl fuck off I'm
not just trying to have a niggly angry
feminist moan about one small tumblr
post this is emblematic of everything I
experienced watching a lot of my friends
relationships during our teenage years
and sometimes till today women who think
their problems literally start and end
with how old man treats them how many
chapters they buy them where they invite
them on holiday I just I and then they
watch you know oh that's how its treated
that's how it's treating cos of
polishing that's how it's treated at
school that's how it's treating fiction
sometimes but not only the only way we
can be happy is to have a have our own
self-confidence and the approval of a
man but also the only reasons that we
must be unhappy or because of the lack
of that prize for most backhanded
compliment ever
I gave them lots of gifts and lived just
for her
spoke in public only about her I
incorporated all themes in her direction
I praised her in front of our own and
mutual fat fuck off Brad Pitt I can't
say enough no you know you're right
that's that's what all women want we
just want your world to revolve around
us that would make us happy no or
alternatively we're normal human beings
to just like to have an equal role in
society to you a delicate but balanced
ecosystem between you and I where gender
doesn't matter because when we get
stroppy the reason is because all eyes
on earth if you make all eyes on earth
then we're out the water on me just I
don't want a man to stare at me 24 hours
a day go you're beautiful I'd rather be
like get on with your own life the
inference that your actions is what your
wife will become how fucking arrogant
keep me and you know something like some
people oh yeah you know it's just melt
well meaning and stuff yeah I can I get
that I get that but it's these
well-meaning assumptions it's these
well-placed comments that really get
into our psyche and get so embedded that
we can't get them out again the thoughts
behind that are as poisonous as any of
the other ones and I get angry because I
see it I see in my day-to-day life I see
it in my own Diaries from maybe only
about two or three years ago depression
is a very complex thing and the more of
a complex human being you are the more
complex it is it's not all about flowers
you know it's uh uh think it the fuck
through Brad Pitt it's not that hard
this isn't a complex this isn't a
complex thought process it's just oh I
don't know women are complex not sure
tonight you love your wife but I all I'm
hearing from this paragraph is trophy
wife
trophy wife well you know I was gonna
divorce it but then I remember she is
the most beautiful person in the world
never buddy looks up to us there must be
something that what do you think I'd
love to hear your thoughts on this cuz
all I'm hearing on tumblr is isn't he
the cutest guy
