extra clothes for this video today I
wanna show you the top three apps that I
reckon will get you through your
university experience or at least get
you half the way or some of the way your
percentage of the way or you'll look
back in ten years and go maybe maybe I
wouldn't pass my degree without that so
without further ado the first one the
one I reckon I'll be using the longest
is evernote evernote is basically a
note-taking app you can download it on
your computer your tablet and your phone
providing that you all logged into the
same account you'll be able to see
exactly the same what's going on much
like Google Docs it uploads and saves
automatically and thinks really
seamlessly quite shallowly I just love
the branding of the kind of like
elephant thing it's really user friendly
easy to use not too complicated I use it
a lot for taking notes for essay so for
example you have a notebook stack on
your notebook stack you have different
notebooks so I had a little notebook for
every one of my essays here's how it end
what I'm doing at the moment inside the
notebook I'd have a note for each one of
the sources of my quotations or
different books I was studying and in
each note I type out quotes I think
we're relevant and keep the reference
there so then I can cross-reference
different topics with different sources
but also because the function of being
able to add pictures and stuff really
easily to my notes Maat meant that if I
was to lazy to remember a title of a
book I could just take a picture of the
book and then a picture of the little
referencing on the side from the library
and look up the reference later freakin
great also meant if I was too lazy or
quite unexpectedly found a quote
somewhere maybe I was in a lecture or I
was in a library I hadn't brought my
laptop meant I could quickly type out on
my phone and then as soon as I was back
on my computer at home it would already
be typed out and ready for me to use in
my essay on my computer you can also
literally capture websites in your notes
and link things really efficiently and
they just look really visually pleasing
as well so if you're browsing the
internet and you find something is
really relevant to your essay and you
can just pop it in there and it's all
centrally in one place and Loserville I
also keep story ideas and video ideas on
there as well and booking references and
everything basically next up is DK quiz
basically kind of quizzes you on
different general knowledge topics and
that kind of thing but kind of quickfire
and also means you can actually learn
really good facts so you can just keep
doing them and realize what the right
answer was every time and but I just
like it because it works very
efficiently it feels really clean and
some of the questions are quite
challenging especially in the literature
section and stuff it really actually did
help me kind of learn bits of the
calendar I hadn't really heard of all go
oh never actually never actually look to
what that author actually wrote and then
kind of google it so they're really good
it's a really good kind of study break
out because it keeps your mind awake and
ready rollin to fling gems and and
expands the general knowledge but it's
also just kind of some light relief
because you you know you earn coins and
it's satisfying and you can be like yeah
so if you feel like you're failing on an
essay you might die at least even three
coins on that general knowledge quiz
about South Korea and lastly
cooperativity competent is something
arrangers frickin found i'm only two
essays away from the end of one masters
my wish i don't work sooner or Isha's
existed sooner i can't tell which it's
basically really simple app that plays
the sound of you being in a coffee shop
without you actually being in the coffee
shop so there's three different settings
there's like study spaces coffee shop
and library or something like that and
you can switch between the truck kind of
background noise you like and it kind of
keeps you motivated cos for me the best
place I work is coffee shop so I can't
always get to them so it's really I
actually use it when I'm in the office
at work um just because it keeps me
focused and keeps me feeling like the
people are buzzing around me and things
are being busy because sometimes silence
isn't productive and then also the added
bonus with the app is that you can add
your own music or classical music behind
it at any kind of level you can wait how
much talking there is to music and
choose your own music and stuff and it's
just one of those ideas that you know
you think of and you aw that'd be good
if we had that but nobody's ever
actually bothered to do it and then I
realized some do have bothered to do and
I was very excited
so yeah opportunity there are three app
if you've got any great study app
suggestions please leave them below I'd
love to hear them this video is part of
a series I'm doing on university advice
if you'd like to watch the other videos
I will link the playlist below thanks
for watching and I'll see you in my next
one
