hey guys do you like my mug
won't you but today we're gonna be
talking classics I love classics but it
wasn't always that way till I'd say
University I used to be very afraid of
them for one I translate that fear as
contempt I thought I don't need these
this is a new age I'm gonna read
literature of my time and that's great
but actually what is time who I'm not
going to go existential on you again
I've learned my most complex lessons
about language about rhetoric and about
humanity from classics freakin great and
they're not as scary as you think
I think you find the right classic for
you then our life will be like ten times
better
I've also recently become obsessed with
kind of collecting really nice classic
editions everyone has those penguin
black issues school copies and they're
just so soul-sucking having a really
nice copy of a classic really means that
it kind of adds to its value for you
it's a really nice reading experience as
welcoming it's a nice encouraging
experience to sit yourself down in
rather than it being something
intimidating I really think that
borrowing or owning a beautiful coffee
of classic is part of the experience of
reading classics if that makes sense
today I'm going to show you one of my
favorite editions of classics they're
called word cloud classics word Carol
classics words try set up three times
fast you can see there behind me they're
bringing up the rear why do I try
coolness why so here's an average word
for classic is this no such thing as an
average world so classic here is their
general format have these beautiful faux
leather very durable almost foamy but
firm kind of bendable and front and back
covers gold foil on the front and on the
spine every bit of text that you see on
the whole of the cover is embossed and
they have these kind of clouds of texts
of different quotes and stuff on the
front for instance for The Adventures of
Sherlock Holmes there is nothing more
deceptive than an obvious fact you see
but you do not observe and on the back
instead of a blurb is a beautiful quote
from the book now I think this is kind
of clever actually of them to not give
us a blurb because in some ways the way
a task is written is more of a telltale
sign as to whether you like it done a
plot summary the plot summaries can
often sound dull case in point
persuasion
jane austen actually an awesome book
plot when described fairly thin
character development boom yeah that's
something I love about them but but wait
but wait what literally made me fall in
love with these additions are the
endpapers those you don't know this is
what end papers are and when publishers
put effort into them it makes me want to
cry each one of these has a very
individual very well thought through and
paper and I want to show you them right
now so this is Sherlock Holmes as you
can see the cover spine the spine is
beautiful quite on the back end papers
one down trillions ago this is Pride and
Prejudice I love the color choice on
this one the spine the back and the
endpapers
you'll also see that each one has a
symbol on the spine that kind of
corresponds with a theme in the book
just here based on such a vivid covering
- baby - read Pride and Prejudice again
regardless of the fact that I think it
is the worst of all the Jane Austen's
the secret garden with kind of green
foil which things a nice choice the back
the spine ah the endpapers
where you tend to Rose my lad a thistle
cannot grow the Brothers Grimm which
comes in two volumes the spine the back
the endpapers such a cute forest volume
- is a little bit more working a po s
spooky one lovely spine lovely back
possibly in the running for my favorite
end papers I think these ones are
probably yeah I think this is my
favorite in the same in the back and the
Green Gables lovely color choices here
and I kind of Catholic caskets and esque
end papers which is so kitsch a
decorator will I ever read this who can
say but here it is beautiful I'm called
Tom's Cabin in this kind of beautiful
beige this one actually has kind of
matte foil so it doesn't actually shine
but I think that's kind of nice is quite
rustic endpapers yes I think the font on
this one's worked really well with the
kind of rose gold foiling which I really
appreciate and the end papers have had a
lot of thorpe into them as well I think
that one's particularly stunning
actually I think I think we general
colorful
on this one is just like madame bovary
I'm not so sure about the font on this
one I don't know why something's put me
off and also I tried to read this book
once and I freaking hate it it is in my
favorite color so who can say this is a
fatty I definitely want to conquer this
is definitely the additional pick I
think it's beautiful
again I'm not so sure about the font on
this one while it's kind of a clever
shape and stuff I'm not sure if
completely work but again saved it with
the endpapers
my god it just looks like something of
Lord of the Rings illustration doesn't
it or some kind of classical biblical oh
my god what I also wanted to say about
these ones is that I love that they're
kind of crossed between a hardback and a
paperback they have the prestige of a
hardback but I'm not really a fan of
hardback experience I love being able to
fold stuff and not damage them too much
these are just perfect for me perfect
I like the leaf on the spine on that one
this one is in stiff competition with
the Grimm's fairy tales vol 2 it's so
beautiful the endpapers look like an F
shadow puppet version of the and kind of
like the forest thicket thorn scene in
Sleeping Beauty of course a bat and the
symbols are also on the corner of each
page a totally study The Count of Monte
Cristo another beast but what's nice
about these is that when sometimes when
I have huge books I feel like I'm going
to break the spine but these ones have
sewn spines there's no glue so you're
not going to break the spine on that if
that takes me fifty years to read it
weren't looking to bad conditions they
have a Paris Hilton kind of edition of
Lady Chatterley's Lover here the back
the inside Little Women again I'm not
completely convinced about the color
choice here but it does make more sense
when you see the end papers which look
like this each for quote on the back
from Joe March there people just can't
stop making beautiful editions of this
book and they always seem to be in navy
persuasion which I was of course talking
about earlier I have quite a few
editions of this now so I'm really glad
to add this one to my kind of little sad
collection I have of them also Austin's
shortest ones so Sense and Sensibility
which if you can remember back is kind
of the rivers colors of Pride and
Prejudice which I thought was cool
really nice font for this one not so
crazy about the inside this one is one
of the adrenal since I haven't read it's
the one here praise the most I'm excited
about that well that I know you're all
going to juice over a picture of dorian
gray and this beautiful classy silver
gray kind of hue and the end paper
and then lastly one I can't wait to read
and I think maybe the font works the
best on the front of this one 20,000
Leagues Under the Sea spine back and
wait for it as you can see kind of crazy
about these I think I own quite a lot of
them now I probably down them all
because I think they keep coming up with
more that's a good cross-section day you
what are your favorite classics editions
I'd love to know because I'm always
trying to find new and beautiful ones
like current or the favorite is a
penguin use library editions and also
the penguin threats but do let me know
your favorite dishes because I'm always
up for collecting more it's a it's an
issue it's not an issue of fun to solve
anytime soon
thanks for watching I see you one next
one okay thanks bye icon and I need to
catch very seen my videos anybody got
idea I need a catchphrase help me
goodbye
you
