today is the first of January 2014 are
you I'm personally very maneuver didn't
know about you and to celebrate I want
to have a clear out some people clear
out their wardrobes some people clear
out their love lies I am clearing out my
hard drive onto your unsuspecting heads
that have been a fair amount videos that
I've filmed and then just for some
reason never edited and uploaded there's
some footage that I've never didn't
comment tree for some trips I've gone on
that I've never edited and put together
into travel videos because these doodads
travel videos and I stop doing that it's
just a lot thoughts in my head like I'm
also like trying to clear out my video
thoughts so i'll be making a lot videos
this month as well so i thought just so
much of january and then upload a video
every day every day every day i know but
the challenge to myself is I don't want
the quality to drop I don't is this to
turn to vlog every day in January I want
this to be video every day in January
like you know you'll standard just gives
my frog sub par dependably average
content stay tuned for some deep
thoughts a lot of ridiculousness and
some really random footage I really hope
you enjoyed every day that I've load I'm
adding it to a veg playlist the link
will be at the end of every video though
he missed the video or you want to check
back or you want to spread the word that
we elect that at the end of every video
what do you guys do for new year I
actually found a really good spot on
waterloo bridge with some of my friends
and we watch the fireworks see
explosions in the sky between Big Ben
and the London Eye getting a great view
hugging everybody it was going those
little oven consensual hooks going on
because I was just happy that was new
year and be very British even in the
year we liked hug in Scotland literally
I couldn't get people off me of doing
mold by happy people hugging me this is
the first year i've had in london and
people are very like oh hello happy new
year I'm just popping up to waste like
it's serious let me know in the comments
what you guys in here and I hope you
enjoy this very strange and wonderful
January
you
