hey hey guys the time is finally come I
talking literally just arrived from the
night man it gave me my packages from My
Secret Santa if you haven't seen all
this bangs about click here you can
see my last secret santa video in which
I prepared some secret presents for a
secret youtuber and now i have received
mine it's a project that's been put
together by national book tokens ebrary
and books my bag campaign look at it
okay first one ok you can look before me
because that's the kind of intimate
relationship we have oh this is the GBC
this is the jay-z yeah hello oh wow this
is beautiful nice work guys for Culloden
yes me and Kanye's me having like a
secret friendship some years now to a
point where i think is maybe first two
three albums appropriate all the words
to you but I haven't really admitted to
myself how much I'm just I'm just like
oh we just like Kenya West I haven't
really admitted to myself I'm like Lena
you like rap music you are a rock music
fan so watch it out so yeah this is
perfect cuz we listen to some jay-z
recently and being like hmm this is very
good because you know when you have
ideas in your head about the economies
that you like and then you're wrong
ready ready what so again ready teddy oh
wow the Great British Bake Off winter
kitchen let bake-off inspire you the oh
I don't actually cook really I just like
to eat Nathan cooks Nathan cooks all the
shine so I might just use it as a menu I
will have the chestnut and mushroom filo
pie please followed by the sticky toffee
pudding and the rhubarb cobbler he's
gonna love this they fancy their look at
that's gonna look good on my shelf and
then people will come around and be like
oh I've seen that number like let's play
the game okay it's nonfiction or fiction
I think fiction
fiction it is Oh destined to die save by
fate only magic can set you free magic
finals magic the secrets of life and
death by Rebecca Aleksandr I've never
seen this all this looks exciting ah see
we're gonna go to the NY how to reveal
now my secret santa was Carrie and she
did death cool I really with this just
watching a video Carrie so I didn't own
this coming but I've seen you review
nerds maybe I've had a lot of good
things about it and it's a nice hard but
God who beautiful that's happening
that's happening oh is it bookseller
mind on Danny Wallace I'm all right I'm
am i right I'm so right I'm right haha
well you know guys for stones don't know
they let go this is that London right
yeah boo excellent oh it's very thin ok
so I'm going to be like a novella or a
poetry oh whatever it's poetry yes cool
this is a collection my been up free
it's called wild party it's condensed
brilliance I'm gonna put that on my CV
condensed brilliance I'm a huge fan of
poetry so this is great great great
Carrie and did you send me a Bible i
dont i dont nous our Father who art in
heaven hallowed be thy name thy kingdom
this is my Bible oh this is Wonder
struck yes I rescue go to pray last year
actually and it was awesome did I
review a current member i did i've been
thinking of I swear once about blind
girl isn't it if you guys haven't seen
these like beautiful narrative kind of
like crossover children adult books with
texts and a lot of pictures especially a
very cinematic experience of story so
yeah you have the pennant patches of
illustration and then like a double-page
spread of text and oh these this is
beautifully I love to your brain
actually maybe I can read this and then
ravine by for you yeah perfect thanks
what Cynthia oh yeah
yeah below the leaves are always
beautiful look at that guy's feast your
eye along my god laughs ooh I will
reveal to you who i SAT books two digit
off a lot of hints and it was Alex day
so you can click to watch their videos
below Thank You ebriefed Thank You
national book tokens especially thank
you books my bag just campaign to get
people into bookshops this ever this
ever forever in the bookshop I think
we're done yeah Merry Christmas
