so at least three or four times a week I
seem to be finding myself walking alone
home at night quite late it's kind of
dangerous but I'm on a really main road
and I have a planet along with me all
the time but in back of my mind I'm
always on the alert like I'm always
aware of who's around me where they are
in relation to my body and I just have
to be very aware all the time that's
something I've grown up with us and I
think most most people and inherently
most girls grow up with not wanting to
but just automatically knowing where
everybody else is on the street every
time I walk home i'm reminded of the
fact that i really want to start and
self-defense classes I want to feel even
if its illusion that I could overpower
somebody who tried to attack me I think
a lot of people just miss it as
something that you know you read too
many papers you watch too many films but
actually I have been approached on the
street I've been trying people somebody
tried to get me in a car once I have
been followed home I think people who
dismiss it as a paranoia need to talk to
more women because often it's based on
actual experience it made me think about
how I've had to move through spaces
throughout my life because it's scary
taking up space sometimes and having to
know everybody else's in relation to you
sometimes you just want to exist this is
why I can't meditate this is why
mindfulness and focusing is just so hard
I think for many people also are many
many women because i think you know
you're always trying to think of two
things at once you know people say oh
like they're just they're multitasking
maybe that's because we always have to
be aware of where we are and what we're
doing in who else is around and what
they think and who is inhabiting what
space you know nothing somebody is
explicitly told me a bit something that
doesn't need to be said in some ways as
soon as 12 remember i'm standing on the
playground with my friend because a few
people who are laughing at me from a
walk because I walked you know with my
legs apart because crossing them over as
uncomfortable when you walk and I just
kind of walked I guess like a boy my
friend who genuinely only had my best
interests at heart we're standing on the
playground with me teaching me how to
walk like a girl and I remember going
through his paces have been like i doing
it right i don't know and doing the
holock oh oh yeah no just sway your hips
a bit more place your right foot in
front of your left or your left one
front of your right don't let them go
side by side you have to go like this
instead of like this oh I must now seem
so silly it seems so stupid but at the
time it was I worried about because
people bullied me about
it's just like Oh feel attractive into
two to attract boys always talk to you
hurt my eyes downwards and then quickly
snap them up what is that you know
sometimes I think that's why it's called
back to your eyelids because I literally
feel fucking batty doing it I'm
basically a mature analyze why I've put
on so much weight recently why I've
always had extra weight around me
throughout my teenage years and I think
it is that thing more us trying to give
myself permission to take up space you
know give myself a present nothing no is
more you're staying on public transport
and a man just opens their legs and sits
there like this in your personal space
like taking a horse fucking room but you
know I'm allocated space your allocated
space mmm you and then you see women on
the tube just sitting there like this
and you wonder why you know and who told
him to do that because I don't think
anybody told them I think a lot people
say the word angry feminist this movie
might angry you know the scary means
you're angry feminist like actually if I
really think about there's nobody to be
angry at so nobody who's telling me this
and the people who are telling me this
for people who have been told and I
think sometimes when people and hear
about feminism and then speak to me like
they expect me to say things like did
you know that this is the majority of
women in the workplace that aren't in
these kind of managerial roles and this
has made like women CEOs there are in
the world and yes that is a problem but
I don't see it as something that I'm
blaming any before anyway and go you you
you part of the problem is that we don't
feel like but their spaces we have
permission to go and I haven't read lean
in yet but I will I promise it's almost
like I feel like maybe a lot of my
friends actually don't feel like they
have permission to go into these spaces
and permission to make decisions of
permission to go to these kind of roles
because it just doesn't occur to us oh
I'm realizing is the persecution isn't
always human to human person to person
it's often history to person you know
sometimes I don't feel like if I'm being
pursued by any kind of specific person
or any specific threat or any specific
items to set of ideals I feel like I'm
being pursued by history I feel like I'm
running and it's coming faster and it's
like you know we're being persecuted by
our own gender heritage and this it's
not something you can blame some before
so it's really hard to solve that and
I'm guess what I'm trying to say here is
that nobody is going to give you
permission if you're sitting somewhere
and you think you money waiting for
something
you permission to go for that role or to
do that thing or to say that people to
walk that way look that way knew I
couldn't be serious with this whole
video took this wound if you you know
you're waiting for that don't give
yourself permission it's not just about
importance about urgency there is
nothing more important than you being
here don't always be aware of your space
and how it relates to everybody else's
space just be in your space take a
moment to be in your space nothing is
more urgent than your right to be here
and nothing is more urgent than your
right to know that
also walk how the fuck you ones walk out
the fuck you want
