today I'm going to be reviewing an
exclusive love and memoir by Johanna
adores and I hope I'm saying that right
I gave that proud look like I felt like
I was saying it right so I feel like
it's fine this is a nonfiction memoir
that's written by a dragon about her
grandparents who were and captives
during the Holocaust is entirely made up
of research and embellished fiction so
there aren't actually any words from the
people who went through this in it which
i think is a very interesting
speculative kind of place a place we're
not exactly in the territory of the boy
in the striped pajamas where things are
very fictional or goodnight mister Tom
also not in the realms of primary source
firsthand survivor experiences and stuff
like that which I have read and they're
really really interesting but this is
somewhere in between and that's kind of
why was very interested to read it I
didn't watch it on the wars last year
and I read anything from mouse to like
the Night Watch by Sarah waters and I
was reading a lot of stuff about the war
then and I also read a really mention
interesting one called fragments by
Benjamin will Comiskey very briefly it
is a memoir that this guy wrote the one
lot of prizes because he is like
fragmented memories of him and in a
holic in the whole of course camp and
that it it kind of turned out that he
wasn't actually there um but he still
thinks he was there but there is a
considerable of evidence to say that he
definitely wasn't there he was actually
in some kind of care system at the time
and I actually was so interested I went
away and read a book called the wilk
mirsky affair why Stefan McClure I think
that's how he say it quite a thick book
way actually read the whole fingers I
was so interested like listening to all
the experiences of other people and then
getting the evidence of like how he
could be mental but then maybe he
actually is right maybe he was there and
there was some kind of mix-up with the
two boys getting swapped and like it's a
really interesting field for me is what
I'm trying to say so I I understand that
my pool to this book might not be
everybody's personal Paul's wit as a
side note I'd like to say that really
like the cover it's not actually a font
it's actually it looks like somebody's
written out on with a marker I think
that's a great kind of symbolic way to
represent what this kind of memoir is
because it's a very kind of formal font
but it's also and
and something that's kind of marked on
by somebody out what really drew me to
it was its difference to a lot of pain
literature kind of covers but like small
children going like this in CPR I think
it will suffice to say that that has
been done it's a really tasteful great
cover for something that really
represents what it is which is a very
unusual approach at a memoir Tibet
really I was really really going on this
book and I think the best way Tori but
it is to kind of read you the blurb and
I spent the morning in October it's fine
and Vera's start their day as usual they
tied to their house they were makes a
festive cake to put in the freezer and
cuts fresh roses for it from avars in
the living room that evening after
nearly 50 years of marriage they lie
down in their beds and take their own
lives after surviving the torment of
20th century Europe and after raising a
family together they would not accept
the words till death do us part while
sifting through the fragments of family
history and then attempt to understand
this glamorous an enigmatic couple the
granddaughter imagines their final day I
meant the family stories and portraits
by friends she dares to give voice
they're never mentioned experiences in
the Holocaust and their escape from
hungry during the uprising of 1956
there's two styles to this book and the
first style is basically her tracing
lots of different information about her
grandparents think she starts off in
Budapest where they met as not see Power
kind of rises this fan is taken to a
concentration camp while Vera hides with
their young son we're gonna wake you
know won't give away all the spoilers
spoilers but yet they do find it there
again and then loads of other stuff
happens they get they kind of join the
Hungarian Communist Party for a while
and they could have moved to all these
different crazy places and it's very
very interesting the other chapters are
Johanna and imagining the last day that
her grandparents had together and
conversations that happen before they
did commit suicide and the thoughts that
might have been going through their head
which is kind of like that's very
personal it's something that she kind of
has like social permission to do because
she was actually related to them but not
everybody could do that for this this
real-life couple majan their last day
together and write about it it's really
really tasteful it's really really
interesting but what is best about this
book this book took the right row crowd
but what's best about it is it it's
it's very very unsentimental in some
ways which is crazy because it's such an
extreme story and it's such an extreme
and context that and you know she's
related to them but somehow she managed
to have this stances like one step back
like this is how they were this is how
they weren't Vera was sometimes rude
blah blah blah and and like that they're
not heroes in this book they are just
people again like I was saying with the
road it completely d glamorizes it while
also giving it giving the story a lot of
honor and a lot of reverence and by not
making them heroes it's quite upsetting
but I think the way she presents it
isn't some way that's good like trying
to make you upset this is like this is
an emotion mongering the writing style
is sometimes a little bit jarring it is
a translated text and so that has
something to do that obviously um but I
wouldn't say literary wise it was
amazing but as a memoir which is warning
is and its really freaking interesting
and the way she's if you're interested
in memoirs anyway or you're interested
in like biographies and stuff the way
she's done is is quite unique just from
existing it kind of does discuss what is
fiction and what is nonfiction and where
does the memoir sit in that one by the
person who the memoir is about isn't
around I would also have to say honestly
there were a few parts that was slightly
sluggish but I think that was just about
Saved by the format which is very like
chapter this chapter that I researched
this and I went to and torture this
person and they said this and then
here's a little bit of fiction about
what might have happened in their
afternoon and then here's me going to
hungry and looking around this
concentration camp and then here is them
in their living room bro so yeah I think
it was it's very cleverly done and I
would definitely recommend it to people
who are interested in that kind of thing
and RHS aware memoirs like I am but just
kind of stumbled upon this because I was
shelving it at waterstones I've never
heard of it I you know did agree i'd
like to think i read a bit around that
topic around the time and so yeah I
think it's something that should be
brought into the discussion more when
talking about Holocaust fiction and
nonfiction
