hey guys I'm interrupting life.i week
this week to make a discussion video
I've been trying not to make like three
days because I'm like no Lina
day-out there's been a certain amount of
conflict on YouTube at the moment and I
didn't want to make a video purely
discussing that conflict but what I do
think would be productive is to make a
video discussing that topic and feeding
out my thoughts and furthering a
discussion about why that situation
occurred also I make it because I know a
lot of you who you're talking to on
Twitter you're quite upset about this
topic and while you guys mean let me
know what you feel about it I wanted to
let you know what I'm feeling about it
it would be an act of extreme optimism
for me to set out and try and explain
exactly what happened in every stage of
this situation but I will try and give
you a very crass overview I'll post many
links as like hand below other people
you documented on tumblr and such but
this is just my very crude overview of
what happened so this user on YouTube
who calls himself Dexter who approached
me on Twitter the other day saying hi to
me my friend friendly local citizen here
was excited that I'm not having new
friends I thought I'd check out his
channel while I was checking out his
channel have I stumbled upon a fairly
upsetting video it was a story in which
he described quite graphically meeting a
girl online who expressed an interest in
having a sexual relation with him within
two days they agreed to me apparently
according to him early consent automatic
characterize her as whore we got that
word nice and big in cartoon letters
behind him in the messages she had
suggested that he treated her badly
as the turn on him spitting on her was
suggested though other suggestions
explicitly escalated from that he then
described a very graphic scene in which
he changed their mind efuses taking her
clothes off and he takes them off for he
told that he forced her trousers off
ripped off her pants and started having
sex with her without her consent as she
cried she was crying a broke away asking
him to stop he followed her to the chair
continued to rape her and then when he
was done told her that she'd done a
stupid thing that day and then kicked
her out
he even describes pulling out stopping
for a minute to wonder whether this was
free confirming in his head that it was
rape and then continuing the videos
number taken down but you can find brief
transcripts that people have taken on
tumblr and screen caps and subtitles in
the downbar the kind of subtitle for
YouTube if you will he posted the words
and this one actually happened you're
supposed some comments on Facebook
suggesting that it was true and didn't
correct anybody in the comments when
they were kind of verbally high-fiving
him for these kind of acts after month
or I decided to take this quite
seriously talk to Twitter and tweeted
her out asking people if they disagreed
with the video and didn't think it was
appropriate content to flag it
to get it taken down over the nation
phone marking the converse of that is
what I was doing and explained why he
misses a pretty rude video later
entitled attack of the feminazi and
continues to pose quite inflammatory
images on his Twitter feed when I
expressed that we might have different
opinions on things on Twitter he had
replied me saying that my feminism had
got to me although he's removed the
video he's done so very explicitly but
grudgingly even at one point telling me
the whole thing was a publicity stunt
and reiterating repeatedly that he
intends to reupload basically a lot of
people who have responded in this video
including me have been addressed as
fucking bitches and feminazis this kind
of made me kind of angry and annoyed at
first but actually more interesting than
annoying to be honest he's also overall
tone of the video was chill out it was a
joke I was playing a character his wife
that is true I'm still genuinely
concerned for the future of humanity the
very thought that my response is
automatically a feminist perspective
proves paradoxically that we need
feminism feminazis when you treat women
as a group like that you simultaneously
patronized
yet strengthened their argument assuming
that we acting as a hive and not as a
collection of individuals we will
process the pain of your statement
individually and related them to similar
kind of abuses in our own lives and our
friends patronizes and demeans our
comments as critics of a statement the
you of posted on public platform the
whole reason people talk about feminism
is because they feel like they're
treated as an archetype as a stereotype
as an organism when you call people
individuals who have responded to your
video with a genuine sense of pain
anguish in a very complex kind of anger
just feminazis you prove them right you
prove them right and again it's hard
you're sitting alone in your room
talking to a camera and you just feel
like you're talking to a general greyish
mob the situation I often find myself in
actually but all videos are can I made
in some kind of spirit that they have to
be but mark you'll have seen within past
week that you're not you're talking to a
group of individuals a lot of whom may
have had personal experiences or
personal fears about the kind of abuse
that you graphically described in your
video so the more your insistence to
keep the video up and after removing it
reiterating your absolute intent to
re-upload expresses the desire for
freedom of speech with the kind of
absence of censorship a freedom from
censorship you are consistently denying
hundreds of people that have been
posting comments on your video in the
past two days we need
leave them you put the piece of humour
that excludes and compromises the
integrity of a woman but then proceed to
exclude women from the comment and
criticism of that statement I very much
doubt that humorous video about rape
could be made but if it were to be made
sure we waited with an extensive
awareness of the very inflammatory topic
in hand with a very explicit or implicit
upper hand
offered to the used party if there is a
joke it should be at the expense of the
rapist not of the raped and if you
haven't heard or understood the term
trigger warning yet then you haven't
spent long enough for the internet if
you haven't understood the importance of
using anything haven't spent enough time
with humans if this was humans the humor
that sarcastically failed to confront
the possibility of its reality the only
humor taxis featured in the video to
mimic the face of someone crying while
being raped
the pausing of the character to look up
and consider whether this was rape
concluding that it wasn't carrying on
anyway
and perhaps the overarching assumption
that this is so far-fetched that it
could never happen if you think humor in
the video sprouts from how unusual and
ridiculous how alien his attitudes are
how divorced they are from truth
grab the closest girl to you and ask you
of the character you play in that video
is a caricature to her because a quick
google will bring up thousands of story
supported by women that are identical to
the one you've told and most women
experienced regularly the kind of
invasion and trespassing on our
integrity the kind of actions that the
guy in the video perpetuates you have to
be aware that when you're not be
allotted party abused within a joke it
is inevitable that your understanding of
the abused party will be called into
question if you want to make a video
about rape people will make demands on
what qualifies you to do this whether
they're right or wrong in doing things
at the very least understand the
situation complexity enough to tag your
video with a trigger warning because
humor is contextual my friends and I are
partial to lots of consoles and favorite
jokes but we do within the realms were
installing the exists within a complex
friendship we understand in reality each
of us cares for those around them and
understand the issues that we trivialize
very complexly we are pushing the
boundaries of what is OK in a playful
and private environment we're all
present know the actual opinions of
those that joke and the topics we joke
about and whether you have experience of
being a woman in this situation or
you've qualified your your understanding
of the situation to the people that you
broadcast to you need to socially find
out such an unrighteously damaging video
if you want to know a woman walk a day
in her
your confession parody or not was not
ludicrous it's some people's reality now
as for the abuse that mark is receiving
in my tweets and comments I did not and
will not name call him I have not sent
him and do not encourage anybody else to
send him messages that are purely based
on abuse and not on education in my
tweets I simply called for those who
felt as disturbed as I did to flag the
video as the inappropriate content that
it was its Avenue content could hurt
those in a fragile state and pretty much
hurt the brains of everybody
perpetuating a prejudice that quite
literally ruins people's lives daily
while angry messages received by mark
about this video weren't encouraged by
me I'd have to kind of ask mark for he
was expecting you've posted a bit deeply
degrades and disrespect their right to
exist as complex human beings and made
life atopic that make so many lives of
living death of course they're going to
get this e Lexington as loyal ex also
made a post about this topic and I will
ask Ashe Eden and her tumblr post they
do not send hate to mark construct your
anger wisely for it will become your end
alone we should try and prevent what
it's wrong from spreading but we should
spend proportionately more of our time
trying to make what is right go viral so
you've heard it from me well it's great
and right is that you make what you feel
about Mark's video known to him but
please do not send him abuse by the way
mark people disagreeing with you doesn't
count as abuse I'm saying that because
he did threaten at one point to contact
the UK authorities and report that I was
cyberbullying him I'm trying not to
laugh at that statement of course I've
also not ducted the abuse that's coming
into our mine box from people who
obviously have a different humorous
persuasion to me because most of its
content involved ignorant terminology
like whore little bitch which to me is
code for their listen to be I'm using
complex where expressed confusion I've
misinterpreted as anger so off we
learning today imagine people complexly
don't laugh at laugh with and public
confessions of our rape should always be
taken very very seriously and don't let
anybody tell you different
he gets by you later Oh Chelsea Sullivan
I saw the video and maybe very angry
because I thought he had potential comes
out so misguided it's like did you just
say that you raped somebody is telling
this literary story and you try to paint
yourself as wronged because she cried
when you were trying to fuck her enjoy
this hey Collins Oh charming peace guys
