hey guys if you're watching as it means
that I've made it too deep or low for
your it also means because my discovery
on the first day haven't actually used
anything completely low Fayette so the
borrowed laptop using borrowed time now
I'm not the point of low point is do the
same thing you normally do we shoot your
equipment so here we are I'm doing book
with you it's not this is the lovers
victory by David Levithan citizens I
found this in a bargain bin in the works
for 150 but this is one of those
instances i finished the book and i felt
bad that i haven't paid more for it if
this is one of those crowdfunding things
where you kind of tip at the end of it
already have had to cut my weekly Tesco
shop I took the just jacket off and then
subsequently lost it third proper cover
looks like curious Allah Molina's I go
on I kind of have a fascination with
books that aren't organized linearly or
chronologically but are organized in a
set pattern like devices like war ii
broke up or a house here filthy rich in
rising asia this is effectively a
fictional dictionary instead of having
chapters each one dictionary an entry
from a to Zed there can be one line they
can be three pages I really enjoyed
nationally for four days and after
reading this I just want to read
everything you've written words from
anthem to avantgarde to fabrication some
of them seemingly bland but kind of turn
into beautiful kind of elaborations on
this couple story it follows a very
fragmented story of a couple then second
person generators always talking from I
to you so the example would be the first
one in the beam section we spoke I was
the one who said we should live together
and even as I was doing it I knew that
it would mean that I would be the one to
blame for went wrong then I can solve
myself at this if it went wrong the last
thing I care about was who was to blame
for living in together corrode the I
spent all this time building a
relationship then one like and after
windows and then it's graphic tuber
they'll switching them having like a
pretty destructive argument to very
small pockets and windows into their
kind of like just exchanges so this is
just this this entry just called me and
ER but it's just the kind of very
anecdotal exchange about them talking
about tainted love the words that
tainted love you have you on board this
I think the concept pubs you just have
to be on board with the format and
accept it and not be like all they're
pushing it now it's contrived or don't
want to use a little organic but I feel
I feel like this muscle grown-ups
organically because the story just fit
with its format rather than link forth
into it no square pegs in round holes
isn't beautiful somebody
you phony planless I think you might be
David lezdom probably well he did write
it a partner I don't want to give too
much away those who love a kind of
poetic writing style and are willing to
kind of put their faith in the format I
think it is like a blue valentine of
literature like it's beautiful and I
think you've got like good press and
when it was first published but I'm
doing really hear that much about
anymore but this is probably one of my
favorite books now like I'm really
assumedly finished I just wanted to read
it again and it's really fast to read
the books only like 200 pages but
obviously a lot more pages Colin empty
so it just took me one train ride and it
was the most heartbreaking turn
around remember god i rarely publicly
cried last time I cried at book was way
to live forever by selling nickels on a
bus Ivan has to route to review it's
very very hard to explain but hey is
loaf I week we can we can be incompetent
and reviewing thing it's not why at all
but it is kind of great crossover if you
couldn't notice about jumping from way
to general fiction this is a good bridge
it's like David Levithan have a massive
role of like brown packing tape measure
the whole freaking thing out on the
floor stuck on end down and is slowly
backing away from the storyline like
laying it out for you like he's started
at the end worked backwards and made all
things perfect from that point it saw
someone the most realistic depictions of
a relationship that I've read in live in
in a long time also also kind of feels
the person I almost didn't want to
review this and then say that this is
closest to my periods of low because
then I'll fill out your reader you'll
know all my friends of love is like okay
folks I made it
