I used to be really really scared about
changing my hair not the least because I
was a pubescent girl with a need to be
accepted by the world but also because
when you go to a school where there's a
uniform there's very limited things you
can express yourself with they leave you
with a very limited pencil case of
utilities with which to express your
identity one is your rucksack I covered
that base fast safety pin badges patches
with your village called they're looking
for their idiot you laugh at me because
I'm different I laugh at you because
you're all the same I wish I was joking
I can't even really must have a sense of
humor about that your shoes they have to
be black and flat and according to my
mother's ideals about finance they had
to be in a 30 quid so that I can
moonwalk my temple oh she's home what do
you get yeah I'm allergic to me one by
me fine my school is actually also quite
uptight about makeup so really there was
only a few things left and that was hair
of course we were only allowed natural
colors of hair beyond the ideal of
trying to convince teachers that there
are other races on far-flung corners of
the globe that have pink hair it was
hard it was hard generally my former
rebellion was ginger but why school was
rancid with jokes about homosexuality
and ginger so there's always scare even
if you trimmed your fringe even if you
do everybody knows every you'd be in
math and somebody behind you be like oh
yeah she's got highlights everywhere
somebody would yell their hair
differently and they be compared to a
variety of garden plant like it was
ridic even to this day I carry with me
some kind of like Laura changing my hair
people are gonna and because it's so
close to your face people feel and have
to say something you know especially the
people who see you in everyday life they
thought they'd have to address it best
thing is that recently I have been doing
things from there that aren't as
socially acceptable as other things like
this I dreaded it that was awkward
everybody pretty much everybody only
will I don't do no stop it this is going
to be one of those decisions you make
either it was an awkward social
situation for a few weeks because people
felt like they had to acknowledge it but
they also didn't want to condone it so
we were left with the kind of really
awkward social space in which they were
like kid yeah and it's happened again I
don't my fringe and obviously people
feel like they need to address it but
also awkward is they don't really think
that through because they're also not
very liars it just it was another rabbit
hole of kind of people having to address
the issue to my face but at the same
time falling into hilarious but also
very awkward
full of being like having to comment but
also not wanting to compromise truth
there's been a lot of people who go Oh
Lina your hair and Lidge keeps their eye
contact I remember months of eye contact
flow between us or they leave the phrase
your hair in the air and you have to
somehow swallow that phrase and say
something back but you know you have you
know you've dyed your hair coming up do
you know you dyed your hair they r
acknowledging you dyed your hair but
they're not saying anything to further
that conversation you you can't be the
person to be like oh yeah it's awesome
isn't it I know it's nice isn't it is
off the table and I'm also not that
first news like oh yeah don't really
like it I'm not sure also not me look
Natalie teenagers are not forgiving of
that phrase they'll go yeah isn't
it I think it comes to living in space
with other humans where yep you see each
other is it athletic objects where you
have so many tastes and we have so many
varieties of style nowadays and so so
many choices but everybody drives their
own personal tastes and style real early
and then they feel like to define that
especially at schools with uniform and
have to have like your yin and yang
approached act like this is my style
therefore this isn't my style and
everything is a binary so when it comes
to hair that's awkward because it's
attached from hair to copy to think
about it's not like a top that I can
dispose at the end of the day I'm
stripping for you now apparently so my
scalp now it's not something so if you
don't like it it's not like her haters
gonna hate but like it's just an orc
could think to acknowledge socially
