as you can see by the title this video
is gonna be about making friends at
university that's something I can say
something about because that I did that
something something I did Elsa remembers
thinking ridiculously scary and for
somebody who have you know a fairly
inflated ego a background in theater and
quite good self-confidence generally it
was still terrifying so here are my top
three tips to making friends at
university so the worst thing about
making friends at university is that
they don't know your backstory then it
read know anything about you they don't
know your path what's also important to
bear in mind and the best thing about
making friends at university is that
they don't know your backstory they
don't know anything about you they don't
know your past if you've been through
good times and if you've been through
bad times this is the perfect time for
you to reevaluate what's happened to you
what impact that has had on who you are
and how you're moving forward from this
point all of backstory is relevant and
all of that backstory will come out
eventually for people it might be in a
deep conversation in a coffee shop
sometime it might be on a street corner
pavement wearing only one shoe and
shoveling questionably hygienic fries
into your mouth or 4:00 in the morning
who knows either way that backstory is
important and it will come out for those
people who really matter but at the
moment what you need to focus on is what
that backstory was and how that you can
push that forward how that makes you you
and if those experiences did make you
somebody you're proud of now's the time
for you to act positively on that and
maybe work towards changing that and
what exactly is that you get to present
this new person that you have created to
these people and that's the first thing
they see about you it's not about who
you were it's not about who you could
have been it's not about anything that's
happened in your past but any kind of
expectations that you've had before this
is a new person and it's a truthful
person this is a true reflection of who
you are now
these people don't know who you were
number two don't try and summarize
yourself I know it's hard
I know it's you know sometimes when you
go into a social situation and you know
who you are you kind of panic about
knowing hero and you kind of want to
communicate that as fast as possible as
you get on with your friendship a great
idea can come across as quite
intimidating if you come into a
conversation and you're like hi my name
is Francesca I like bourbon no word is
original I like netball not football I
think both of our Slayers most superior
piece of media
what everybody hates The Inbetweeners
everybody coming across with opinions
about everything very fast and coming
across with massively sweeping
statements about who you are it kind of
makes becoming your friend quite
redundant because of nothing new to
discover there's no there's no opinions
to form with that person you're not
coming across with somebody who's got
you ality which is fascinating
fascinating to have a friend it's kind
of this and kind of that like that's
when you really get to know somebody
when you can kind of gauge in somebody's
personality where they are on a spectrum
of things confident too quiet excitable
too chilled Buffy to The Inbetweeners
these are these are spectrums that we
want to get to know about you and that's
what's beautiful at friendships is that
you don't always know you understand a
more complex side of somebody rather
than just the absolute it also sets you
up to fail later in life because if
you're so many who goes in you're like I
never bitch about anybody I just hate
drama boys just love me like these are
the kind of favors that might not happen
in this future that you haven't met yet
these are things that maybe you all but
maybe bitch a little bit and it would be
a bit awkward and so that you'll be
sorry for it you know making a
generalization about beginning is
see that just see that making sweeping
statements about yourself isn't a way to
make friends because it's not
communication instead I suggest
observing things around you taking note
of what's going on and being involved
know share the experiences you're having
like always be aware of what's going on
made me if you notice a funny situation
that's happening in a crowd beside you
something funny about the flat that
you've noticed so your initial
interaction with people is about the
experience you're having now rather than
trying to fill everybody in about your
backstory and you're very rigid hobbies
straightaway
number three talk to as many people as
possible universities a kind of
ridiculous situation in the history of
civilization in which there are
thousands of people that are your age
with a lot of disposable time and money
on their hands all together in one very
small area and that's all we know about
them these people could be anybody and
that's what's awesome scary but awesome
don't just scan the crowd and look for
people who look like the kind of groups
of people used to hang out with it's
cool
this is a missed opportunity if nothing
else yeah maybe you might end up with
those people that kind of look and sound
and laugh at the same kind of things
that you did with the people at school
but if you might end up with people that
you never thought you'd hang out with or
people who don't initially wear the
costume of who they are and you need to
find those people if they look like
and that person is wearing a tracksuit I
don't like sport I'm not going to talk
to them you might have lost a potential
bridesmaid of the future who knows this
kind of strange and terrifying and
beautiful social situation will never
happen to you again in your whole life
you might go on a cruise holiday in your
40s there might be a lot of people
around who could be anyone who all have
a disposable time and income but that's
pretty much the only earner the
franchise you can think of take
advantage of this opportunity to peer
into lots of different walks of life and
peer into lots of different perspectives
because whatever degree you're doing
that will come in handy also having a
variety of different kinds of company
will help you deal with all those kind
of varieties of different kind of
emotions and situations are going to be
in in the next three yes they were my
top three pieces of advice for making
present University if you're gage
University to see how I'm very excited
for you and fairly jealous if you're at
university or you've been to university
and you have some other top tips of
people please leave in the comments
below so we all kind of scroll through
and pull this great resource of human
experience and knowledge don't forget to
get your own
