Oh my name's Lena and I'd like to talk
to you about poor mm I know it's not
good topic imagine if you saw it
everywhere in your newspapers in your
magazines on the burst in the doctors
surgery today I want to talk to you
about campaign I'm becoming quite
passionate about as the days go on it
called no more page three was started by
a woman called Lucien Holmes who is
simply stating what all of the rest of
us should have been thinking for a long
time the Sun puts boobs in the newspaper
still it's a running joke that's getting
out of breath and here is why the Sun is
about successful and popular UK
newspaper that has been going since the
age of time two and a half million
things make it to our coffee tables our
doctors surgeries our places of work our
bus stops our tube seats every single
day it sold as a family newspaper that
covers celebrity politics international
and national news in the UK it's kind of
like saying the word Hoover for vacuum
cleaner the Sun means newspaper and it's
huge if you turn to page three however
you will see a high-resolution image of
a woman just wearing pants looking
directly at the camera posing
provocatively the service respond to the
first image of naked breasts I ever saw
and Wow have my expectations been
deflated since not only these images
social york for most of us who fulfil
the english stereotype things like it
slightly slightly developed they also
contribute to a social order I don't
think exists anymore publishing
photography that degrades the worth of a
woman and reduced her to something
simply sexual isn't on especially as the
Sun goes halfway halfway to
acknowledging the issue here I'm not
including page 3 of The Weeknd
paired with the children apparently the
rest of normal so I think the majority
of Sun readers genuinely send their
children to board weekdays at a private
school women's bodies are beautiful and
can be sure
taste and dignity pictures where they're
naked images show but not solely with
the interests of sexual gratification
this is not a war on porn this is not a
war on nudity yes the women who were
pictured in on page three have
presumably chosen to do so while calling
to the cultural norms may be associated
condition to believe there are plenty of
glamour opportunities especially their
dedicated publications which you'll find
on the top shelf
not a place you'll see the Sun quite
literally unless it's shining out of
them nothing this is however a warm
representation Robertson's retired golly
in 2002 do they realize the wide impact
of that image and that it represented a
prejudice that was fast becoming archaic
they've taken the racism out of our Jam
how can they not take the sexism out of
our newspapers however when women are
shown to use their sexuality as currency
a currency dependent only on lookers
sexual approval and desire we have to
ask what's being told to us here it's
not like every headline next to their
tits reads Jenner really good a dart or
amy is starting her own photography
business there is no information or news
connected to them there isn't also
connected to their tits
we can argue all day about women using
their bodies as currency and whether
it's an expression of their personal
freedom
or they are letting the side down cut
them around I should watch some great
chapters on this in how to be a woman by
frog nigra I am concerned with here is
context normalizing this kind of image
fosters a culture in which and start to
be given permission to think that women
are permanently sexually available we
are not on calm I am NOT potentially
encore I'm said so in fewer words maybe
one word four letters to the guy who
hangs around on our street corner saying
pretty lady but that's the story for
neighborhood watch yes as most
newspapers do profess to cover topics
that are interesting to all of the
audience politics
sport overpriced handbags what Pamela
Anderson ate for breakfast however why
this one page is
lately exclusionary except if you're
somebody who likes to be sexually
gratified over breakfast to a certain
type of naked woman people who like to
lick their lips and rub their knees on
the tube or over breakfast I feel like
they're probably quite dwindling
demographic I like mayonnaise but I
don't like it to be mixed with all of my
foods all of the time well I'm trying to
tell you is that I want to be kit elated
over my toast this campaign is not about
passing laws in Parliament it's not
about censorship this is just us as
people asking for a freaking politely
for Dominic Monaghan the editor of the
Sun to take the tits out of the
newspaper because we're classy like that
we just asked nicely and very fairly
persistently at probably one-minute
intervals until you do it find links
below to find the petition it's free and
you can even buy one of these t-shirts
that I'll be wearing all week the guys
who are running the campaign have a
pretty thorough FAQ section so you do
have any questions queries or skepticism
about what I'm saying please head there
the links are below you can follow me on
Twitter you can follow them on Twitter
and if you want to raise your awareness
you can even make your own video you
want to see more videos to me you can
subscribe below either way thank you for
watching and I will see you in my next
video bye
