hi everyone as usual I'm here to hit you
in between the eyes on the forehead with
my two cents as you may or may not have
heard you tuber murdering video
responses they like plead that it is
manslaughter but going guarantee this is
premeditated it's not predestination
that either I don't think this is is
just because as they say in their
announcement currently video responses
of a click-through rate of point zero
zero zero four I'll tell you why for I
don't think that the only reason we're
getting rid of video responses because
of the line preceding that line and that
liner II don't think you can get to your
fans is extremely important for you and
for us not only are they using archaic
structures of Lexus to infer this is
something we're doing together and it's
for sebelum release putting force to do
ahead and telling you what's important
to you but but but the word that gives
it away the word fan we want you to
connect with your fans let's unpack that
you have fans your neck ting is
something you do with your fans if you
don't have fans you must not be
connecting with anybody and it's short
but great video that making for roommate
she points out that she doesn't have
fans
she just had friends she wants to talk
to you on YouTube there is something I
kind of I kind of still feel the bad
side of that is that I'm really bad
replying to comments because I find it
overwhelming that there's so many people
who who want to say things to me and it
makes me feel weird because I can't
physically be friends with everybody
then I'm hesitant to reply to a comment
because I feel indebted to these people
that I want to be friends them all and I
can't so it scares me over in a way I
don't cut I don't reply and I hmm I used
to make nodes of video responses and the
way I discovered and made friends with
lots of people I'm still friends on
YouTube however I don't do that much
anymore and I guess that makes me the
ninety nine point nine nine nine six one
I think about challenging myself on
YouTube and really stretching myself is
one of the things that always occurs to
me that I'd like to do more video
responses regular video responses to
people because I think it's a great
thing and to clearly do all these other
people who are getting rolled about on
the Internet
and we found out that we you were acting
them but it is it's the word fan that
gives them away it's the word for hand
that makes me go you don't understand
what we think YouTube's about and yeah
I've got way more subscribers than I did
when I started and by evolution more
actual friends on YouTube and I think
it's more the symbolic message that it
gives across rather than the actual
action because obviously we will still
be able to find each other and we'll
still be able to connect it'll be a
little bit more fiddly but it'll be okay
guys I'm not panicking by I am just
pissed because of the symbolic
emblematic references they make to fans
and then subsequently in the next
sentence that they're asking it because
not enough people use it now libraries
they're a thing we're not many people
use but symbolically and psychologically
they're an important thing that needs to
exist in every community because it
means that that information is available
should people want it those
opportunities are there in the same way
not everybody in Britain runs out every
general election and vote if they took
it away matches had some inherent flaw I
think in Google's thinking that we're
all out to make fans not that I don't
love getting more views and more
interaction and you know you know also
walls yeah it's great to have that a bit
more gratification when you upload a
video automatically probably going to
get about a thousand views in it that's
that's really exciting and that's good
but at the same time and this kind of
concept of the fan is one of the reasons
that I've never actually been to an
official YouTube gathering ever and I
don't really plan to at the moment
because I have like anxiety about it not
even just social anxiety about I have
like existential anxiety of are because
I'm like I don't return like I think it
would make me really depressed about
YouTube to see the things that people
talk about people screaming at content
creators and queueing up to get things
signed by them and and that whole side
of YouTube kind of makes me go
so for YouTube to affirm that kind of
attitude so publicly and so obviously
really is it's kind of depressing and I
kind of feel like I'm living in a town
now where there's only a Tesco there's
no Morrison's there's no Asda there's no
safe way and I can't choose I need to
buy bread and milk and I can't choose
there's only a Tesco and it's kind of
the same with YouTube like where would
we where do we go they have our balls on
it on a fork and then it slowly
barbecuing them you can't move with
community like that so it's hard
they host our videos in my mind they
don't own them they haven't created them
the Allen Creek the community that they
do host us and when you're host becomes
hostile what do you do let me know in
the comments and please god in video
responses any video response that is
posted at this point I will make sure to
save the link for and put a link in the
description any video sponsors point
posted after that point please notify me
via email just gives my frog at
gmail.com or on my Twitter at Leena
norms and I will post your link in the
description at bar below
furthermore if you have ever posted me a
video response and you still watch many
of you have posted me some awesome
responses in the past god willing I will
try and go through as many as I can and
link them in this corresponding
descriptions of the video so people can
still find them but if you specifically
know you made a video response or
something I said on YouTube you'd like
that to be linked in the description bar
of that video please drop me an email at
just because my frog and I will be going
through and trying to link as much as
possible so we can still preserve that
function so the more I made a playlist
of videos around this topic and if you
have a that you think I should add to it
please tweet me and let me know so I can
add them so people can really see the
whole conversation that's going on let's
try and make the picture of this
conversation as complete as possible
even if the powers that we are having a
little bit of a hissy fit right now
thanks for watching let me know what you
think and I'll see you my next video bye
