so six weeks ago I applied for a job I
thought it would not get I've been
working since I was 16 and I've applied
for a lot of jobs in my life so there
was nothing new there except this job I
really wanted I wanted this job like
some people wanted a massive vat of
chips after a very long Saturday night
drinking copious amounts of gin like I
wanted this job and I didn't just want
it for the money or to see if I could or
just for fun I wanted this job long term
I thought I wanted to do this job as the
occupation of my life for the disable
future and I thought it was not going to
be a thing that would happen six weeks
ago I was called back the MD sat me down
and was like right I'm going to get on a
plane to Cambodia in five hours so do
you want the job or not I told him I
didn't want the job I rolled my favorite
possessions into a suitcase I said
goodbye to my family I say goodbye to my
fiance
they bought a train ticket and I got on
a train to London I felt like I was kind
of emptying all of my favorite things
into a very big red hankerchief and
attaching it to a stick
throwing it over my shoulder and going
to a place where I thought dreams might
behave with gold they weren't Beaver
gold but they were paved with lots of
new friends I lived in with Donna I'm
Adrian
I moved in with Marius I spent my days
slotting into the life of the person who
had the job for me and I've spent my
evenings sleeping in the room using the
leftover shampoo of and eating the non
perishables of the person who lived in
the room before me he was Kaylee if he
hadn't guessed half of the time I felt
like what I was doing was experiencing
was very surreal and the other half the
time are is spent wondering why I don't
think it's surreal and what I why I
don't feel weird about being here and
why things feel so normal so fast I have
new routines new routes to work new
systems to get familiar with I spend my
mornings asking how to do my job and I
spend my evenings asking for know how to
turn the shower on and slowly trying to
fill my new room with my possessions I'm
slowly trying to fill my day with my
personality and my thoughts while trying
to learn the systems of others and it's
pH crazy and but lovely and I don't
think that's an adjective but how happy
I feel right now that's kind of nice I
feel like it is genuinely uncharted
territory what I'm finding out is what
happens after people ride off into the
sunset what happens when the dawn breaks
and you're in the life as you should
have planned it and even though you
didn't plan it you're still here somehow
that's that's really cool and also a lot
of responsibility because I'm aware that
it's important to not I only make the
most of your look but also share that
and make something bigger out of it so
still working out I'm going to do that
you
