hey some chocolate to motivate me that's
worrying how on hand chocolate is in my
room isn't it do you see what she's led
delenda grunts time at bars always
remind me off SATs because before every
single SAT test we took and primary
school they used to take it outside and
give us a little break and then give us
all the time out well and ever since
I've been gratifying my academic life
with food whoa don't bottom out in the
background I me know as folks with me
about you I've wanted to tell you about
my life such a fascinating thing to hear
about lean I'm so glad you shared I know
I know I hear you so I've had this
notebook for a while I'm not going to
show you the no forget it said 112
notebook but there's no but for a while
but today is just felt so apt and so
accurate and I just wish it didn't have
you seen it before it's this my favorite
one when I am a grown-up when I am a
grown-up I understand how beautiful it
feels to administrate my life
effectively until then I will continue
to torture all correspondence that bores
me and to dance naked over the remnants
of it's still glowing embers I would do
the effective thing of that apart from
I'm to middle class and have too much of
a hermione to actually set anything on
fire I've actually just been dumping
getting a Wilkos bag for life which is
about this big Thanks won't serve
actually just spent the day trying to
empty that and see what's inside it
because there's actually loads of
envelopes that look kind of important
that I've actually never even been
opened much less than their pink codes
to bank accounts i opened and then never
sorted out my degree certificate
paycheck so i haven't opened apparently
i trust my place of work that much the
last three months haven't even opened up
aj things like that that just you know
when you're doing a part-time job job in
a full time masters and trying to
maintain crazy friendships and to
youtube channels and and then help
publish an anthology there's like old
things we kind of get out from the back
burner but then sooner or later you have
to turn around and be like oh I told
y'all just gonna piss around with this
channel now I Ward you I told you if you
missed my last video i have set up a new
channel that's just for books it's
called the girls or the comment if you
do want to check it out his link and
i'll see you in my next video which will
be actually i'm going to try and upload
every Tuesday on this channel i'm gonna
say that to you now and tuesdays is the
day Thursday's is girl someone comet day
Tuesday's is just
Monday yes yes live division
