hey a few of you wondering why my dreads
were they're here they're just I haven't
tightened in them at the tops for kind
of for the reason so that I can pull
them back and kind of hide them and
something just think I've got really
frizzy curly hair instead of this mop
going on here that is messy of soy out I
promise aidan don't worry about it okay
so today I'm going to do book reviews of
some of the books life had to read for
my children's literature module it's a
children's fiction and young adult one
and so we do also read picture books oh
my god was a picture book called don't
let the pigeon drive the bus please read
it preferably get somebody in a very
American accent to read it to you and
get them to do the call and response
because it's hilarious but it's for
about two year olds so I also read the
sad book by somebody that was really
good i'll put picture over here that is
a really original kids book that is
about being sad it doesn't get better
and that's okay I think that's something
really mature to release and for such a
kind of commercial age group that
everybody wants to keep happy and so
yeah I was really pressed that and but
I'm you know and review some of the
actual novels that I've read for this
because I just think it'd be more
interesting the review book for you and
yeah we've had some really interesting
discussions in class about what's
appropriate for kids and what people
think it's good first certain age groups
and what other people think isn't good
for certain age group so it's a very
little kind of space because you don't
you know after the age of eighteen year
eh and books to like 40 to 45 year olds
or 30 year olds to 32 year old it's kind
of a weird space because you know and in
the same way that you wouldn't assume
adults horn food same things are at the
same level of maturity or interested in
the same things you wouldn't really
assume that of children so it's a weird
weird publishing kind of sector to think
about first of all i read was way to
live forever by sally Nichols this is an
awful cover for what it is there are
different covers the one that i have is
awful this looks like something a pain
literature my mum touched me kind of
thing and there's no we did it in death
week which desperate goes like all the
books that deal with death for children
and and this
is about a boy who has leukemia and the
inevitable you know kind of happens and
that's from the beginning you know that
but it's not like that at all it's so
funny it's the funniest book one more
funnies books I've ever read which is
confusing and it's written in Diary form
and I like annoying dear diary I might
die tomorrow kind of diary form it's
like good like the child was being
really analytical about why he is
writing and and being really careful
about in kind of thinking about the
process of writing and why he's doing it
and that's what makes it interesting not
like some angst the diary every chapter
starts the list this is number 15 facts
about me one my name is Sam too i'm in
11 years old 3 i'll collect stories and
fantastic facts for I have leukemia 5 by
the time you read this I would probably
be dead he has a friend and he has
another friend that also called Felix
who also had leukemia and they kind of
go through stuff together bits in a
jokey way and they kind of like it's
kind of showing through the children's
collective what adults treat ill kids
like and how sometimes annoying that is
for them and how damaging is service
sometimes and so yeah and like they have
conversations like they make lists about
why God isn't saving them from their
owners the vessel is born he doesn't
exist to God is really evil 3 God is
like a big doctor and gives them that
and they discuss it it's really
interesting and then he makes he also
makes a survey in his diary or something
to surveyed for his family to fill out
what he's dead so that so the diary all
finish and the survey is stuff like
Sam's death was a peaceful be horrible
and antagonize me painful see kind of in
the middle d we didn't know we were at
the chip shop or e other please specify
and it kind of goes on like that it's so
good I would recommend it for anyone it
maybe cry literally bald on the bus and
I don't do that ever like I'm not really
a public crier wow that's a lie i'm mad
i'm not really inquire at books in
public definitely not on the bus and
definitely on that book so i could have
got battered but yeah and this is a
great week for anybody and don't judge
it by its cover the next kind of real
novel i read was and cold tom by side
peru whoa this is really original and
good is about it's about a boy he's kind
of elephant
it's kind of elfin creature kind of
thing and they live in the woods and you
see everything from his perspective and
he's never eaten human before and the
elfin kind of people live you know they
eat animals may meet and they kind of
live just to survive and they live in a
more animal mentality where they don't
we have mothers and fathers it's of a
pack if you do something bad you're out
and pack Tom's out of the pack not good
he escapes and lives in this thing and
gets no humans but it's very very
hostile towards them a very kind of and
judgmental of them and it almost racist
kind of way and it's interesting it's
not a cliche it sounds like a cliche but
it's really not it's really good and
really vivid and really like and so yeah
I'm really glad I own that Wicked Witch
Child and my senior read a story some
silly reason when I was younger and I
really liked it all I remember really
reading was the pirates but I remember
loving it and I'm sure already the ones
but I don't remember what and yeah I've
been looking forward to reading this for
a while because the cover is like
awesome like literally there's one most
captivating pictures I've ever seen uck
it's really cool but and yeah it's just
a shame that I really like the themes
about Salem witch trials and this girl
who gets taken to the New World to
America and is in one of the first
settlements and near Boston which is a
really cool premise but I just felt like
this was very factual and it it was kind
of the narratives all about facts and
what was happening and not really what
she was feeling which is obviously you
know if you're younger you can't really
filter words you can't you can't always
filter feelings into very good
adjectives but I felt we needed a few
more of those to make this a kind of
good read and even though the storyline
was interesting and kind of followed the
same kind of storylines the crucible
kind of thing and with which front
trials and like people shouting at each
other in villages saying that there are
which and these which and Tschida may be
doing was my dollar yeah I love the
packaging for this and I like the
premise but I didn't think it really
worked and which is sad because I really
wanted it to last as when I was invested
and really liking and but I don't know
if it was just the kind of diary form
that kind of limited it I don't know if
it should have been told him in first
person I think this could have been a
third person but simplified language
kind of thing might work better and but
I didn't feel the heart was in it and it
was very
a lot of the characters the characters
very distinctive and real and the
language is good enough to convince me
that she was writing from this time and
not from our time and pretending to be
from that time that make sense and I
just I just I wasn't convinced by this
then we go to sold sold oh my god I
didn't think I was gonna like this
because it had the kind of amnesty
international sign on the back and it
had this you know sold can she ever be
free and this kind of imagery on the
front Reese it's nice cover but also
made me think oh this is just gonna be
really tragic and it's gonna make me
feel really bad but probably ain't gonna
be a very good piece of literature and
I'm gonna want to hate it but not be
able to hate it because I'll feel bad
because I'm white middle-class person
living in the first world and it wasn't
like that at all it's about girl who and
lives in Nepal in a very poor village
and has a very horrible stepfather and
trying to care for her mother care for a
baby and family and deal with poverty
and but in a really real way that's
still like she has a character and she
has a culture and it's all it's all very
vivid as a really vivid book even though
this the woman who wrote it didn't live
through it she just did research which
is amazing because it feels so real she
gets what she thinks is she's going to
go and work and clean and stuff in India
but she's not she gets kind of put over
the border and then sold into the sex
slave trade really horrible and it's
quite graphic but also I think just
about suitable for maybe 12 and up and
just because it's it's awful in graphic
and emotion and you know kind of scary
but also tasteful enough for it to be
literature and not some kind of like
ridiculous painting that's just going to
give people nightmares so yeah I think
it's as good vivid enough to understand
this couldn't happen to you right now
and you're going to hide in feel really
intimidated and scared but the same time
vivid enough to also have a matter of
empathy with the main character even
though and yeah the main character also
not a master she's not completely a
victim she is a victim obviously but
like she's also a person and she has
characteristics what sometimes doesn't
happen in these kind of novel sometimes
they don't mean how many all there is
there as their characters that are
they're abused and that to me Frank
quite rude to people you who are victims
because there are also characters with
facet
and so I was really really pleased with
this and I thought the language was and
the language used was really poetic and
beautiful and very true to the style and
it was kind of the pace of it was it
felt like even though it was really
eloquent in English and offices written
in English it used a lot of kind of
really rich English language it also had
the pace of something that was not of
this language and had had a very
different linguistic pace that made you
think okay she is from a different
country and and that was that made it
feel a more authentic and and beautiful
be like I like when English doesn't roll
with the normal paces of an English
person speaking it it's beautiful it's
just this is for all ages in it I really
I was surprised by this I wasn't going
to read this so glad I did unless these
red tears by Joanna Kendrick and this is
a book it from the back I'm gonna tell
you what's about because the knee stirs
jessica's discuss it if you don't want
else about it's okay but if you do want
to know it's about it's not going to
ruin the book for you it's kind of
obvious if you think about it but it's
called red tears and I think it's
packaged really well because it's not
packaged like it's a book about
self-harm but it is a book about
self-harm and on the back it's kind of
like how this girl's life is perfect but
then she had a secret it's not too
obvious but it is obvious to do with
blood so but I think that's good i think
it's good that it's not packaged like
that because i think it would reach more
people who aren't going to instantly
reach for a book about self-harm because
they're curious about it or and because
they are self harm me because this needs
to reach people who aren't self-harming
and people aren't interested in it
because it breaks down a lot of the faux
paws about self-harm and it's a very
educational book it's a good book I
think it's a good book to give to people
in schools and also to teachers in
schools to tell to kind of show teachers
not how to not treat people who are self
harming because there are small for
teachers in this you really don't get it
until you have very bad training I don't
know why teachers don't have to do more
kind of sociology and like social
practice really because they are also
youth workers when you're working in
school you deal with issues you don't
just teach anyway in seminar we also
talked about how it's really good
because it's not about somebody who has
massive problems in their life because
sometimes there are books about
self-harm or suicide and and
anorexic you and Stefan and the
characters in them have anorexia will do
so hard because they are gonna be used
in their lies something really big
happen in their life that's like
something that they can say look this is
what happen and this is why I'm
self-harming but this girl nothing that
bad happens to her that bad and that
she's just going through her GCSEs and
she's finding it really hard and her
friends are being really bitchy and her
parents are putting a lot of pressure or
even though they love her and it just
kind of builds up and it's something
it's just kind of self-deprecating cycle
that builds to the self-harm it's not
anything that you can really speak up so
but I think that's good because that is
what a lot of self-harm kind of is and
that needs to be represented in a non
sensational non epic kind of way and
saying that I don't think it was a
well-written book I don't think it's a
great piece of literature and it's iam
it's very bare in its language and not
in a way that's true to the voice and
also the characters seems to what I felt
was lacking is she literally interact
doesn't interact with any social media
or books or films or anything outside of
her periphery which is kind of like you
know that's what character does she just
studies and stuff but there's no
reference to a fact that she is thinking
bigger than her day and which I'm sure
that she does in some ways like it's not
I know you kind of get into a cycle but
there's literally no reference to her
having any kind of histological or out
of body kind of thoughts at all which I
thought was a little bit unrealistic and
yeah also it's just very it's very
clinical in the way it's told which is
good and it makes it more immediate and
I was kind of addicted to this book to
be honest I was going on in action wrong
and I felt kinda stressed and I was
reading it so that's a kind of good
effect of it and at the same time I
don't think it was a great piece of
literature but it is a good book and I'm
glad it exists and it exists very well
it also took me back to like when I was
like 14 and 15 it gave really really
stressed about you know GCC's or before
that fats and just like everything and
feeling like everybody is telling me
that's the most important thing in the
world and that's a horrible feeling i
wish they hadn't all been saying that
was also from you know every adult you
meet thinks that the other adult hasn't
said it nobody said that to you today
and you're like i know i have juice it
like leave me that help maybe angry
but so yeah that kind of made me stress
and also made me think about low times
when I was like a teenager which is week
I remember them until I get told about
them other people have them and then I'm
like oh yeah I had really hard times
during GCC's and before that especially
with friends sometimes in the SF and I
had some tough times of friends but yeah
like it it brought like those good
things which is what was coming really
sad but yeah I don't know yeah good and
bad good bad good bad bad I also been
passing by nella Larsen for my feminist
theory and I just wanted to mention it
because i want to mention all the books
i read but at the same time I think I
don't really want to talk about it I
didn't think it was very good and I
didn't like it and but I didn't want to
analyze wives I'm sure people do like it
it's not it just wasn't for me and they
didn't really it could say stuff if I
made it say stuff but really on its own
it said nothing if you had thought so
that we can I can look into this but I
really want to because it doesn't merit
it and see I didn't really like that but
i wanted to mention i read it the end
thanks for watching guys and let me know
if you've read any books and we thought
them or let me know if you want to read
these books now and then you should read
them yeah yeah okay buh-bye cheers then
