you ready yeah hi guys i mean i'm here
today to introduce your in the video
appeared to introduce you to two of my
best friends in the whole world Carol hi
we're gonna try I do the best friend
time oh and when did you meet usually
bow out I without a bit at the beginning
that's what about you cutie she talking
about to assess how did you meet how did
we meet emotion well you guys met before
I actually we begin the story and me and
Kelly used to go to probably school
together and she was the new kid in your
5 you're 5 and I decided that I didn't
need to know the new kid so I just kind
of ignored you but I was like running
around it was like I know I'm oh cool
i'm not going to suffocate her and then
everyone got boardroom we'd be her best
friends against that back room that's
about how I happy okay and then you see
Matt well we met when we were in your
nine then we went to Paris yeah and the
school trip I bit of crush on Kelly at
the time okay not long before I'd had a
crush on him actually is a bit of it
that's how I heard about you yeah she's
not our at all just randomly with Paris
and George offered me a foot massage I
did and I friendship blossomed from
there did you use a little uh yeah I
think he's like moisturizer like maybe
or something but then my friendship with
Cathy developed out of my sort of forget
hey I suppose I friended me to get close
to kelly it's fine i'm a reconciliation
why i ranked by a pragmatic friend maker
you are better than weed so we spent
hours on the phone talking about your
look forget emm Alaska's enemy a GCSE
drama and then it went from her ya know
soaking up now we're inseparable I mean
telling me about Georgia me like you're
going to get on with George we're going
to love George what's your favorite
memory together collectively oh wow to
be honest I we we were on a holiday and
went on a holiday to Wales to my house
in Wales when we were all about sort of
16 17 yeah 17 17 ah the river and a
cottage for a week it was really it was
really cute actually I had a really
great time there I think that really
cemented our friendship yeah and
anyway yankauer yeah it was good to me
look we don't a lot about each of them
you a common most I like domestic oh
yeah man i miss brother's bed Ilene
potatoes yeah that being said we're just
like coming in out of the room service
let me chew on your own did you know is
my battle day it was a birthday and I
had a mini rail with a candle in oh oh
smell my hair dye it's really strong
it's overpowering ya know it does
actually a man that boy room and you can
I climate change if this much of their
own warm word Oh careful guys nice
really under guys George as charismatic
think I would describe you as
all-encompassing how's that what's a
good mate what do you mean by that you
encompass a lot of different facets in
your personality oh that you embrace it
but they they're not know justjust
juxtapose each other they're all part of
something it's on sale they'll harmless
look at your little war began a warm
fuzzy coming come maybe oh god the rebel
okay you are a rebel yeah your general
personality is to repeal I think
sometimes to my detriment Wow some
geography but sometimes damaging I see
this probably was a friend to Kelly at
first cuz was it everyone we want to be
friends with Kelly I'm not gonna be
friends Katie I think yeah wonderful 10
colorful yeah colorful definitely mold
breaker 15 million I can't describe
molding a little bit moldy I'm old break
random a little bit morning after 13
years I think it's impossible describe
you Oh like that's your word warm warm
that temperature is just you have a warm
personality just a very warm and your
warm skin color fatality I would say
something i would say my word for kelly
something that from something that i get
from her work together yeah to get
together something like a lot of people
don't have a sense of like you've got
yourself together i feel like this but i
don't get from most people at least most
of my goodness
is that it okay what is your dream job
well I work in my dream job yeah up
until a few months ago George was in
pepper pike the musical touring the UK
and west end it was amazing with a mini
Oreo ice Loria yeah yeah Kathy came and
stayed we know like are you a pedophile
thanks backstage meeting you yes um
something an event which I'm still there
now yes what would you do events for if
you could pick a company well I'd like
to do and make white celebrities okay
yeah really sure you need to thank you
among they saw something I'm really good
at yeah yeah I think you're losing
because you're together nice my way down
oh no I'm guarding you don't just take
it off when we do it I see how you going
into publishing yeah thing yeah but you
think you're my taking my life too much
and then I might be like man gonna go
and start commune lucky online the rebel
I've rebell over whatever I yeah I take
EEO of what's day yeah that's what you
might do but then part of me let me run
Dupree flee but water things but I could
sit you know if you didn't love Nathan
so much can see was a nun my quite the
personality or is my obedience to any
kind of authority or is this more like I
look good in black you just reflect your
you know you're quite reflective thank
you quite rebellious I think that way oh
that's easily hey don't check matter
quorum what's your favorite makeup brand
trees get them Mac oh ok I think that's
brilliant I think Urban Decay's my
favorite om oh man L'Oreal telescopic
mascara is the best thing ever again
Marta fish make a beat video though a
good match wimax everything baby Theater
makeup brush inside Jake what well we
just have favorite interject next
question Jimmy inside joke like what i
interject that we have Oh would I think
that I've killer our doors right Jake we
care about heaven three we do you enjoy
one go oh maybe the corny hive and Oh
shake him up then thank you
that one we are they having sex why
something that annoys you about the
other person oh I honestly I honestly
can't say that thank you annoy me i
won't be yeah we never find out not
really the sort friends don't have like
arguments and drama I'm I've got time
for that to be honest we're very sweet
Elena far yet to receive each other
enough to anyway now we feature the room
we're finally ready we sure we have
dinner by you for that cocktails I mean
like curl up in my rebel up and do we do
yeah oh great so very civilized and show
it is innate okay that's fine gone
favorite movie favorite lovely like
romantic film is tonight yellow watch
memories to watch what's very long I
like like a beat life is be my love life
is beautiful italian film i really like
that when you don't watch i really like
that i mean you know my favorite film of
all time Shannon is by no guys you
should know my favorite film of all time
i watch all the time you know it oh and
oh yeah both you for Genoa Delphi idiot
i specialize in the entertainment and
education of children now up to bed my
little nose minor speaking of getting
less yeah where I yeah we all take it
lately and like shows around the show
you see I've never been to we all of the
culture of Italy we all like you know
vidya balan loss parameter and SE li OS
podria tener la Stella we all know you
that no no I never part um but we all
love Italian food because Kelly's always
cook two sleds battalion food we all
like it would just go well like him to
see ya we love arts and culture I think
we should I there though identity is my
road trip oh no no no what what is it
like being best friends with one someone
who is obsessed with YouTube angry
doesn't I liked it when I was eating
that leads to what Cathy that's exactly
why they say many many kevins like I
felt like a theme I lived in London for
three years and then I lived away from
of the year and I didn't get so probably
got see probably once or twice a year
not much at all really and I could you
know get up in the morning flick on my
laptop and see you talking and it was
just like having either
oh here's your nice yeah and the vet I
feel like I catch up on things as well I
don't there what disasters like i'll see
you all dreads keep falling that men
today thank you know your baby angel you
she's like making a facebook spacing
really long I tell you what Shirley
videos less when i'm with you actually
okay that's when you bow yeah yeah it's
kind of like get a hankering after a
while oh just keep patel it's so perfect
what a sweet place is doing i'm bored of
this will do harmony I feel a rebelling
guys not rebelling what was your first
impression of each other okay dude what
if I'm really honest if I'm really
honest and they both know this mmm I
didn't I didn't look at these guys and
think he didn't you're buying no not at
all actually cuz they we had a mutual
friend David oh yeah and he was like you
have to meet these girls and I met them
and I think cuz I felt they were David
friends was just a bit like okay I don't
know is it ok before it's like yeah
these are my guess what you I remember
just think i just i felt quite out of
your thing and just thought we'd you
guys nice nice to meet you but but then
I met them both slowly in their own way
and yeah then you met a separate if that
didn't you let met them separately I
think that's what's interesting is
because I've got very very different
friendships with both of you we interact
with each other if it moves Gazoo we all
hang out together a lot but and we all
read hang out on a Russian now see ya
like it for equal rights were there yeah
I wouldn't get jealous no my lady each
other's George should be hanging out
tomorrow ah so he's jealous of Kelly I'm
any other back to this video yeah yeah
um what was your process prep first
impressions got Kelly we're doing oh my
god I've got a continuity error I don't
me remember that far back I remember the
fat lady you I'm on Thursday was kinda
tommy hilfiger jacket I remember being
on the field and every crowd around you
like this is a far and then we became
really good friends and I gave you a
ring yeah you did you gave me a rainbow
friendship ring we've grow grapes in my
garden fair Italian every stereotype
about Michael wouldn't be true you know
literally shot in for a fun need of
internal belly where's your first
impression good your antigen
oh yeah let's go Joe just three my perry
the music doors and he was playing on
the drums and I was like oh do you want
me as a musician hot yeah I did did
Boston yeah just duty okay and then I
just find another them put is amazing oh
um captain I were not best friends must
have been really yeah almost Dominican
emotion and she did run the corner from
me in here and my first person view well
I remember Kelly telling me about you
and seeing you know that must be George
okay George well tell you about him big
fair she told me I gone with him and
then you were like oh he's quite hard
she I think I like it I met Michael no
remember just get to know you drama and
also you did fancy at one point but I
wasn't my first impression okay like
something a question yeah it's III when
I meet a guy and they fancy somebody
else that saw myself and see when there
you go that was an idol of trespassing
story yeah crazy why won't you want your
help wish it good recall oh my god
Ramirez operation that was Cuba you my
daddy with a bitch did she wait don't
oppose I've never entirely sure no you
have you have I have because I'll tell
you may marry me we found building you
look like a clock yeah the little people
coming out and I did a little mine and
you filmed in he was like yeah bitch I
need to be pictures that it will show
you later I think you should make a
youtube channel think you should make a
youtube channel puppetry channel yeah
makeup channel thanks Moira ladies and
simulation relationships with violet we
go to Kelly formulation actually people
send me relationship advice can I just
ask you Boyd oh my god moose you make a
video and I'm asking a question them
yeah I might be involved I thought I
don't get I can't of the earth can I be
the bit of what darling yeah okay how
are you baby person no happen it agree i
gotta say guys if you want to send us
any of your relationship problems if you
got a problem with your boyfriend or
your girlfriend send us it in will kind
of act it out and we'll workshop it yeah
we will surface won't when pie your
or your girlfriend then that Lee and
Kelly will use a sort of wisdom and then
Cathy will kind of breach yeah bravia
vente absent wisdom yeah that's one
question Tasha really yeah yeah 3 must
the quiz you may create yes I'm gonna
cheesecake like what does she say when
it looks in the mirror what helloo me
cut
