hey guys and you know how to do little
bulletin says this is going to be a
direct upload and but I just wanted to
let you know something it's just a
little notice and but um as you know I
grew about to comment you recently and
I've been getting kind of mad you know
about it because I'm yeah it's an
interesting City anyway and I kind of
wanted to find out if there are people
like me and comment she or if there's
enough people like me over there must be
more people like I know I just want I
just kind of want to find out what
talent is in conshy and what kind of
unexpected things I might be able to
find that aren't really around at the
moment aren't really being showcased and
yeah so I've started as in spirit top
and if you don't see it make it and I
have started a night it's just me in a
one-off night for now but if it goes
well i might do again and i am starting
a poetry or music acting theatre poetry
night in coverage city center and it is
going to be on the third of october in
esquire's coffee shop or coffee house
and in the Coventry and its a bright the
front of the Coventry Transport Museum
so if you look it up on the map that's
where it be and it's gonna be really
cool night like one of my friends is
gonna come she's got massive like boards
and she's gonna do loads of live art
during the night and she's gonna let
people join in that's gonna really cool
and got some people coming in to do
poems and monologues we've got a
hopefully gone impro society coming and
got some musicians of course and a
various different and genres let's say
and so that's been really fun and I'm
just really excited about it and I
wondered any of you would like to come
and so if you live in the Midlands area
and you're bored like me and want to
kind of see what's going on it's called
down the rabbit hole I know I took a
while think your name and I reserve I
but the reasons go down the rabbit hole
is because you know everything looks
really normal on the surface it might
look like really glum and just like your
average British shitty but I kind of
hope that if you kind of dig you find
some kind of cheesy Wonderland where
people are really i don't know there's a
really interesting kind of deep
philosophical cool creative things going
on hopefully and that's why i believe
anyway
so yeah if you do not hand gestures if
you'd like to come I'm gonna link the
facebook event and below so you can get
the come details and stuff I do have one
or two slots left so if any of you would
like to come and play some music or read
out some poetry yours or somebody else's
or whatever or come and tell the story
and then let me know and yeah I hope to
see some of you there and no pressure
but just if you live in the area and you
know you're bored it's a wednesday
nights next wednesday so yeah
