this videos actually linked to my
question and answers series and that I'm
doing I was just about to sit down and
answer more questions in the book
section but and then I realized a user
called Jojo circus asked me a question
that I couldn't ignore and actually felt
needed a whole video how hard is the
workload for English 60 degrees and
could you give us your top five tips on
how to get through them and I was like
oh yes
perfect totally number one get reading
before you go like seriously
reading tempo isn't something you're
born with it's something that you
acquire and you can lose again whenever
whenever like we'd be on the lookout if
you stopped reading you will stop
reading as fast like it is literally
like that is an exercise thing it's not
anything I believe it's not anything to
do with talent or intelligence it's
literally practice even if you call Sony
month away that's not too late to just
start reading now read anything you like
because take advantage of that my
friends because soon you won't be you
won't get a choice than what you read
read anything but read it and see how
fast you can read it but still absorb it
like you know take your time but like um
Swift reading and you know good to skin
reading skills are very very essential
if you're going to get through this
course you will still do it well if you
read every single book really slowly but
you probably won't have a life and I
read about two or three books every week
when I was doing my course even in first
year and that was like ah like obviously
I did skip some and I wikipedia'd quite
a lot so yeah ideally get reading now to
practice that skill number two come
equipped I came equipped and I'm so glad
I did and I could've been more equipped
but these are just two books I really
feel like you should get your head
inside because they're awesome and even
if you don't really use this kind of
information until second year I wish I'd
had this information in first year to
build on and talk about in seminars
because I feel like I would have got
more out the course so the first one is
one that we had to buy it everybody
hated it and this is one that you might
not have to buy for your course but I do
suggest looking into anyway and is the
literary theory anthology by Blackwell
publishing and this is a huge anthology
but it has very small essays in it there
are about two or three pages each from
really famous people so you'll get all
of Freud's like essential essays in here
and you Helena Helena corphish's
yeah there's one called in Chapter ten
there's one called the newly born woman
that is has changed my life Vladimir
Propp is all he is kind of like
essential essays and so
it's just something really good to have
on hand and when you need to know stuff
about theorists or you need some way to
quote and stuff wrong but you don't have
time to read a whole book on a theory it
looks horrible but it's really really
good I bought mine for eight pounds from
like a third-year student and that was
like so good but you you can get them
for cheaper if you look it's also this
is beginning theory by Peter berry Peter
Barry was my personal tutor a Burris
University it's actually very widespread
book in Warwick library for might let
the court in the section for my course
it has about seven or eight copies just
in Warwick library so it is a very
famous book and in the kind of English
degree circles my friend any hint are
verses for an MA and he was like Peter
berry teaches here he must just like
living in a Bristol something but this
guy is a freaking genius he's like the
Dumbledore of literature and he wrote
this book called beginning theory and
there is a very very simple guide all
the theories like structuralism feminism
eco criticism everything you won't
understand at first and you'll be like
what the hell does this even mean this
was not all we did at a level he
explains them in such a grandfatherly
simple way and it takes you through it
and kind of calms you down through it
it's like don't feel bad that you don't
understand this I'm gonna explain to you
in a really easy way and use some really
easy examples and this is a great
springboard you're not allowed to quote
in your essays but if you don't
understand something this is where you
go and it's like all of my friends even
the friends don't even like their
degrees were like I would not have got
through my course without this book I'll
leave a link to it below I've got the
second edition edition there in the
third edition now I don't really know
that the differences but thirdly and
remember what you love in educating Rita
kind of way
don't lose your identity as a reader
because of an English degree like try to
use the English degree to enhance that
that kind of already fermented identity
fermented try and use this English
degree to enhance your already kind of
cemented and identity as a reader don't
let it change you and so before you go
reread some books you really love like
and find out why you love them and try
and analyze them a little bit or maybe
just just remember which ones you love
and kind of take them with you maybe
take your favorite file or something
taken to university with you put them on
your bookshelf I remember that you're
here to learn about what you love in
more depth you're not here to just read
Hemingway and nothing else
fourthly on that point don't be
intimidated by the classics you might
not read
everything that everybody supposed to be
military cannon is huge and I have I was
actually looking at the BBC a hundred
books to read kind of list and I've only
read about thirty of them and I've been
three years in a degree and a long time
in a lot of libraries around my area so
don't feel intimidated by the fact you
haven't read those books but do aim to
read the ones that sound that they would
interest you as soon as possible don't
let anybody tell you in seminars oh you
haven't read this book therefore you're
not worthy an intellectual sweep and
slowly understand whether there don't
feel the pressure to like them because I
really hate Robinson Crusoe I really
really hate Catcher in the Rye and I
really really really hated north and
south and I'm not ashamed of that and
but because I have an English degree I
can completely explain why doesn't mean
need to like them it just means that you
need to learn how to articulate the
reasons why you don't like them or you
do like and number five have fun make
being an English student kind of your
identity not in a kind of a raising
kannaway but in just in a liberating way
like I'm a book person I've no
responsibility now to find out about
books and go to book shops more browse a
bit more they come become familiar with
the with the authors that are always in
the shelves or the authors have just
come out and they're becoming new or you
know just just just become familiar with
literature and love it and you know
collect books in your university room
and you know just feel part of it maybe
you even go in the water Tunes website
and can I read about what's coming out
lately and just really embrace that and
join the English society as well that's
something I really didn't do until third
year and I did enjoy the kind of
interactions I had with English society
like I was in a poetry evening and I did
like a book hunt around Aberystwyth and
that was really cool if you want to go
look home that awesome you basically and
you have about two hours to go and all
the book shops and secondhand places in
your town and with a partner and you
have to find book with the with the
funniest title the shortest book the
longest book the funniest first line and
the funny is last line and just like
loads stuff will make you interact with
books loads and you kind of have to like
bring them back at the end of the time
in the meeting place and see who's won
and who's got the best like you know
who's got the funniest title who's got
the longest book and stuff like that
it's really cool I hit that really
helped and we have any questions let me
know below and I'll try and up them and
yeah have fun on your English degree is
a good choice in my
is the best joy
