wait net winter this is on loan from a
friend a friend that dearly loves this
book and I like this book like I love
the premise and I do like Jeannette
would still have read quite a bit of her
stuff and I really like her tell the
story of the mythical character about
this who was famously and put into
exclusion to hold up the world as his
kind of Exodus and his his kind of
payback for something I can't remember
right of this second and the
interactions of Hercules and how it
feels to hold up the world and what he
sees it stuff from his perspective and
it's upbringing and but it's all very
poetic like that's a very silly kind of
way to describe his teaching it's very
poetic it's very flowy it was written as
part of La kind of series of books by
famous authors published by Canongate
and about kind of unusual story I think
I can't really remember anyway and it is
like you can have book that's part of
other books that are the authors of
writing thing yeah very short it's very
easy to read but I can't say I really
like loved it and I did try to have to
force myself to read this just because
these kind of like really airy-fairy
poetic books aren't really for me like
the ones way like everything is a
freaking metaphor and it has a simile
and it's everything is like something
else or like leading on to something
else and you're just switching between
and there are no real events and it's
not really my kind of book but it is a
really good book so yeah next is
Jonathan Livingston Seagull yay by
Richard Barr batty batty bat this is a
reread possibly for the fourth time not
really sure okay this book is only 87
pages long like you read it in one
sitting you should read it one sitting
you can read in one sitting you're going
to read it in one sitting it's a very
simplistic but very beautiful account of
the life of Jonathan Livingston Seagull
who's a seagull who was part of a flock
of seagulls who live just to eat and to
survive and sleep and then fly and hunt
again and then sleep and then fly and
then hunt and then sleep not for John oh
not for John oh he wants to move he
wants to live he wants he loves the art
of flying and he likes to perfect his
flying he likes to see how fast he can
go before he hits the water he gets
excommunicated from his society and
people don't understand why why he wants
to
fly like what's the point why does he
just want to fly and so I fly to eat no
he just wants to fly on his own for the
sheer beauty of flying and nobody knows
why and that's the starting point of
this book
and the stuff happens in it which is
kind of cool and you can read loads of
different stuff into it and famously it
has a lot of included and photography
that is really really beautiful and you
know what it's like quite simplistic
it's just it's really cool just to look
at and see and while it my my hatred of
see girls does continue Junkin is the
one of my favorite characters in
literature this is a bit of a cheesy
background think only gives you only
through the metaphor flight Jonathan's
story shows us that if we follow our
dreams we can saw it's about what's the
point in doing stuff just the point of
it the pursuit of beauty over over
Commerce it's really good and really
simple so why not give it going if you
hate it's only a six-page doesn't set
your life back
next next Catching Fire my food band :
don't think I should actually reviewed
the first one but I read the first one
and I did really liked it I liked the
premise I liked the execution I liked
that it kind of ended the second one I'd
only like so much and it didn't leave me
hanging as much as the other one and I
felt that the fact that okay without
spoiling it although who hasn't read it
by now or you haven't read it then you
clearly not intending to read it
I don't like factor she kind of just
took the premise of The Hunger Games
out of the first book and just
reinserted into the second book with
kind of different scenarios and
different people in it but it was still
the same scenario even though you know
you weren't reach for how it's gonna end
but at the same time I was kind of sick
of that kind of premise really it was
good premise for the first book but I
think that was it I kind of wanted to
see other things about the whole
universe it's a cool universe really is
this is a very simple book it's not you
know it's not something that I could go
into what university and say hey I'm
gonna do a dissertation on The Hunger
Games but it is really enjoyable I had
to have a place in my heart for this
kind of young adult fiction the things
that did taught me about it was the
whole like kind of and encapsulating
thing about the capital and in districts
112 that really depressed me because I
was like oh my god I live in the capital
I kept seeing right I watched the
Olympic Games closing ceremony and I was
like oh my god we live in the capital
the man's trying to distract me from
reality
this is a really good premise for a book
and I'd love to see em and a really
complex book maybe by a different author
in this universe which I don't think
will ever happen but it's it's a really
good universe and it's a good it's a
good relaxing but you know keep you on
the edge kind of distract you from life
can I read and I do like it
however having said that Mockingjay I
still haven't read it I'm fifty pages in
and I didn't care enough to carry on and
that was about a month ago and I just
haven't I don't really know why I just
don't I want to know but it's one of
those things that when you're in the
book you really want to know but then
when you put it down you you realize
that it doesn't exist and that's really
not a good thing for a literature person
to say because I like existing within
the pages of a book but I just it's just
one of those things I don't really
wanted to pick up again I will she's
looking at me mm-hmm and finally some
poetry recommendation for you which I
don't often do but I'm gonna do now and
Bryan Andreas
have you heard of him well you should
have he he runs a website called story
people he's a poet slash artist who
writes little poems and then also makes
kind of sculptures and pictures and art
and puts the poems in the art in the
sculptures and he does especially made
ones as well and I found these when I
visited Sacramento I'd seen him I'd seen
his work in an airport the last time I
went to America in 2009 and he couldn't
remember his frickin name and then two
years later I returned or three years
later returned and I was like yes I
found him I remember the name and I can
really fly those books and talk to a
woman in the shop for ages she collects
them all and he makes millions these
books and they're all beautiful and this
one in particular is like LED lights
like clothbound they're quite expensive
but they're so worth it they're
clothbound and it's got like color
illustrations and he's very childlike
very imaginative like illustrations with
like they're really childlike
illustrations but they have really sad
like adult faces and they're awesome
yeah like oh let me read um in those
days we finally chose to walk like
giants and hold the world in arms grow
strong with love and there may be many
things we forget in the days to come but
this will not be one of them I'll link
the website and these Twitter below but
he writes these lovely little sentences
and things that you just are just like
oh and then just give me hope about life
and I really wreck
and like reading them to something like
Bon Iver
or The Lonely forest but I possibly even
Ed Sheeran if you're not really sick of
listening to him by now as I'm sure most
the world is actually in his Lobby she
listened to these and if not be there
you go but yeah beautiful
chill-out coffee reflection books rather
than you know actually troubles that's
my piece I've said my piece and I hope
you enjoyed that I hope I'll have more
book reviews for you soon because this
kind of reading fun things kind of
getting to me and then if it's connected
to other kinds of anxieties by just I'm
so scared to finish books would be
halfway through books on its own I've
been halfway for you are in grey for
about two months
thank you for watching and I was
thinking Olivia a little so that so
marshmallow I love you all I like you
all quite a lot bye
