hi Guys hi Guys hi Guys hi go mm-hmm hi
go thurs beginning of august and i even
hesitation about doing a July favorites
because I really couldn't find it many
things I particularly liked in July
mainly because I've been working there's
no point it's just no point in worrying
that much make it to work know it sweats
off and also have been having to get up
like it's an hour commute to my job so
like I'm not really in a makeup mood
most mornings not creative make it mood
anywhere but I just wanted to like kind
of you know keep up the tradition and
also and talk about maybe talk about a
really cool and TV series up and
watching I don't want to waste one like
that then I'll tell you what I cuz a
frickin heron just fruit as my window to
see now I've been living here for like
10 years and it's only like this past
month I've been seeing loads of herons
like it's very suspicious and if I see a
red one all that you know who's that
hiring that's a herring okay for the
first thing I've been loving which was
in my last favorites i think is the sick
and glory thick and fast mascara and I
just like this does everything likes
thickening it's volumizing it's
lengthening if you lash curlers with it
as well it's just phenomenal like it
stays all day what taking my makeup off
my lashes are still kind of as you know
that's not a good thing that's that
means I'm gonna take my makeup off
properly it stays a long time that's all
I needed to say leave it there cutting
leave it at that two of you really
really appreciating my Garnier roll on
and concealer and which is the entry
every dark circle from it's like this
it's got a little kind of metal thing
which is so cooling and yeah I just been
really appreciating this lady because
even though the coverage isn't really
intense like it's totally enough and
I've never had another concealer that's
as invisible as this like I don't need
to if I'm not wearing foundation I still
know where this it's completely
undetectable first human naked eye like
its amazingly blendable it's very
adaptable you can put it over powder as
well if you feel like you've already
powdered and then you're like owning a
bit more concealer it still sets really
well if you put over powders and kind of
a murders you think and this is just
overall amazing concealer like sometimes
even uses foundation like I just wanna
can see or if you have redness in your
face we cannot really make it where it's
still like a great thing to have also i
got the benefit i got a mini benefit and
toning lotion i got like the lil kind of
set that you can get for tenor that's
give you like all the kind of little
samplers I might do review
the whole collection at some point
because I'm kind of on the fence about
it but this as you can see I've almost
used up it's the moisture prep toning
lotion by benefit and it's the only
thing from the whole collection really
that I think I would go and purchase at
full price because it's so it tightens
your face it's really refreshing it
smells it's almost as good as the M soap
& Glory smell like well no actually no
the second Gloria smell no that's I
kekeke hajek to myself this video but no
soap & Glory don't worry you can stay on
the podium you are best but this this is
a really really nice clean and it's a
cozy soap smell do not make any sense
really tightening re refreshing any pit
just something you can actually tell
something's happening to your skin when
you put it on which is reassuring and
should happen for more skin care
products I last been liking the boudoir
and lasting mascara and I actually got
free and an offer from superdrug and I
wouldn't have bought it myself because
of this short handle here it's really
really good for precision I don't you
think the seeds handle the last
literally the whole handle it's really
good for precision and I've actually
been finally getting into putting the
scar on my bottom lashes which hasn't
happened for years and years and years
but I've actually started getting into
that and and its really really sort of
that like I wouldn't be able to use any
other mascara basically on my bottom
lashes is a very precise and it's not
volumizing in any way it's very
lengthening but it's not volumizing just
to warn you if you want to Europe lashes
it's a bit spidery and but yeah just for
getting all this kind of hairs you
haven't got with your normal mascara and
for your bottom lashes it's beautiful
and ya know it's really good it's a good
stay it's good and then finally just
fill me up bonus favorites and my
favorite TV show at the room oh my god
right and there is a web series and
that's kind of is WTO youtube.com slash
wicks I don't rien Stan I don't really
who know who's making it I probably a
month to research and roll but anyways
there are there is a project on YouTube
called wigs and there are loads of
really and famous actors involved in it
in the middle of watching this series of
the actress who plays Ugly Betty cover
over and a runner basically and they're
all they're all like different playlists
of separate webisodes that make up
little mini series about certain
characters and they all just got a name
like Jan Julie blue bowl surface and
I've just been finishing watching the
series called blue Julia Stiles as the
prostitute
and having a kid and it's just I
literally said that the whole night
watching it watch it in light because I
was like it's so good like it's so like
the plot line is so poignant so
different from loads of other stuff that
I've seen and it's very unclear but shop
like a very premium like American TV
show is really really good and you can
watch for free online so leave these
links below blue which is the one that
judy stiles in is the better one and my
favorite book for this month dwelling
I've got I've gotta do some books she's
guys like but the pile over there the
books I've read is getting embarrassing
i need to do some reviews and Rea sorry
i'll get around to that in a short book
they've been leaving my my bed that i've
been really loving this month is
caroline de f√©es rapture and i'm very
into my poetry i do you like it don't
you know how many favorites words but
this just kara logged caroline and she
loves me I'll affair we're a team this
is about love and breaking up it's not
about cliche love it's about like
intense relationships and you know
there's just one about texting and
that's to put this but it's like really
poignant and beautiful and really easy
to understand if you're not something
you usually read poetry but scared I've
actually like Carol Ann Duffy is a
really good place to sucks it's so easy
to understand but quality at the same
time like her words are so well chosen
and like this like poems about this
about arguments you have with your other
half well over half I hate that phrase
shake it off shake it up Roman hear
about you know having argit's people
that you love and when you're reading it
you're just like oh I feel it's on
stabbed you in the chest feels like oh
oh yeah it's how it feels oh oh my god
like almost brings back memories just
like oh because it's so good fessional
cleanser for you seriously before bed
and thank you for watching and I will
see very soon in another video or you'll
see me I won't see you wanna see you
though oh yeah and somebody oh really
quickly somebody asked me which I'm
gonna answer in my question that's video
but i'm scared i won't get to it before
it's an important before it's irrelevant
and but somebody asked me if I'm going
to Saul survivor this year no not have
enough responsible with me and so as
we're apart wait but i am going to
greenbelt festival if you don't see one
green festival is i'm gonna post it
below I'm really really today please let
me know if any of you guys are going or
if we could do like meet up or something
i don't even know but shane claiborne is
speaking be still my beating heart seth
lakeman is playing charlie simpson is
play huh have you heard Charlie Simms as
me
using actually that's my favorite music
favor of this month Charlie Simpsons
music his solo music it's pretty good
thank you for watching and I've seen him
in a video bye
