hey guys this is going to be the
quickest video of all time and it's not
gonna be edited because it probably come
down after it stopped seeing relevant
but I just had this kind of like guilt
about this channel and how like and like
I love the fact the world here and I'm
just overwhelmed at how many people are
actually watching and sometimes I feel
like I'll eat use that power frivolously
just to talk about mascara and obscure o
is of utmost importance at certain times
a day but generally if you could have
overseen a whole of your life no I
important and I kind of think that
sometimes I want the meaning of the
channel to transcend that and I just
wanted to use this platform just this
once to kind of give a little bit of a
shout-out and a little bit of a hump up
to somebody and a cause i think is
really really important and now I've
been watching youtuber for really really
long time it's called Emily of news glue
and and I've been watching us it she's
put up like to if we had like two videos
I was watching her but like I was gonna
have one of those underlying like
viewers who was like she don't tell am I
here and I just watched I didn't comment
and i kind of am yeah i just been
watching over so long but she's an
independent film maker or she just
graduated from film school and she's
trying to make an independent film and
all of the videos that she makes my
channel is so good like i don't even
like if you love like kind of like
quirky beautifully made like loads of
close-ups and really really pristine
kind of filmmaking then you will love
her channel and if you're doing anything
else's video seriously just go check out
a channel and but if you want to know
more than continue watching and she
she's making a film and she needs
funding for it which is understandable
and she's very bashful asking for the
money and she's made a beautiful video
about it and stuff and explaining the
kind of whole process of funding a film
which I'll also link below and but yeah
she's she's very bashful about asking
for the money but you know on it which
is which is right that's decorum but on
her before I don't want to be rushed all
this I want to go please she needs your
help we need your help everyone the
world needs your help okay there's so
many people out there who complain about
Hollywood films I'm one of those people
like sometimes I'm like oh so every film
ends the same and like oh they always
just pick like the really good-looking
actors and of course they all end up
together or of course this happens and
oh yeah like I you know if you think the
clich√© of Hollywood is not living up
your expectations about
film you really need to put your money
where your mouth is and try and fund
these independent like projects that
people are coming up with like really
organic beautifully talented people are
here sitting there with all of these
ideas and all these resources and and
you know they need that kind of little
kick start to kind of push them forward
and like if you think that you're you
are being misread spoons reckless as an
audience member because you know let's
face it film is for the audience is not
for anybody else but you feel like
you're not being fulfilled at the odeon
then they really you need to start
looking into these independent
filmmakers and all this kind of stuff
and really kind of helping them along
now I've given she's issues and put the
funding F on a website which you can
give whatever you want you can give a
dollar you can give five dollars you can
get for two hundred fifty dollars and
whatever you want I've given five
dollars which is nothing like five
canadian dollars is three pound fifty
but it's absolutely nothing but even
with that which is a really small amount
she's been promising perks so if you
know and for five dollars you get like a
little note sent to the post saying
thank you like a personalized one and
you know for 10 loss gsm meows and i
think if you give like 55 I don't know a
lot of money you get like a personalized
skype tea party with some of the crew
members and some of them makes t-shirts
with your name on them on set like it's
an amazing project that they're really
obviously trying to give you back
something at the same time and yeah I
just kind of wanted to have a little
quick gush about this project and put it
out there because um I want to let you
guys know about good stuff that's
happening in the world and give me some
hope and maybe give you the opportunity
to take part in that hope because so
born and bf check out a channel see what
you think obviously up to you but just
highlighting something that's happening
right now this exciting and you know
it's kind of a symbolic for other things
that happening in our society in about
globalization and the internet and how
we kind of taking things back and like
Hollyhood doesn't doesn't control
everything and you know like EMI doesn't
control music anymore and yeah I don't
know I'm gushing now but yes and open
your mind my fingers up but just a
little quick plug BF and i will see you
guys with an edited pristine amazing
video maybe next time bye
