dear Sarah happy new year from Edinburgh
okay so i bought this close gardener
forgot to write it but the best things
always in retrospect right ed bruh in
winter brings back so many childhood
memories for me practically my whole
family used to live up here so the
motorway was a familiar and magical
place for me to be shooting down on
christmas eve edinburgh by night has
certainly lost little of its charm
and although we have gaps in our present
family there are magical additional seem
to make it all and making sense as well
as attending the famous princess street
oakland a street party and seeing my
favorite band kappa kaylee i also
managed to meet up all my favorite
youtube friends georgia anyway wish you
were here maybe one day we can go
together and sip tea at the Elephant
House as I did as a child many moons ago
before anyone ever dreamed that there
might be a wizard named Harry lots of
love happy
you
