have you I'm good to see you again I've
just literally finished my degree a few
days ago and I've just been washing out
on the beach and singing rock pools and
going around charity shops and reading
and just lying in and getting drunk just
all the things you should be doing
avarice with when you're not studying
it's been so nice and it's been so
relaxed and I have you know I have a
couple more weeks here just to kind of
like recollect myself and wet behind the
bar and just I'm happy to be finished
and I'm not because I really really love
my degree now kind of brings me onto the
topic of this whole video so I get I
have to do a lot of different kind of
videos in the comments and it's really
nice for any suggestions and I try and
do as many of them as like Han and and
one of them that is the most daunting
but yet the most asked for is university
advice and there's knows different
questions I could cover lows people I'll
ask me loads of questions and trying to
answer them as many as I can in the
comments and in emails I think a video
was was bound to happen at some point
anam it's more even though I haven't
really planned in my head is one I've
been mulling over for like months
hopefully some kind of care and advice
will come over that might be vaguely
helpful I am gonna answer two very
commonly asked questions in this video
if you have any other questions please
leave them below because I'm willing to
do more videos but just kind of wanted
to cover two very prominent questions
that litter litter my inbox I really
really hope this helps and however I
would like make disclaimer that I don't
even know why I'm freaking talking about
and yes I've been to university
everybody's university experience is
completely different like I have friends
that live in this house
yep same postcode good same University
we live in the same town but you know
we're in very similar situations but I'd
say all of our university experience is
very different so you know if somebody
who goes to Bristol University and just
history will tasting tasting Mars miles
and miles away from my experience and
you know all I have to offer is my
experience I I recognize that it's not a
universal one but unless I put my two
cents in anyway
just cuz even with us in mind that when
you listen to this I'm not I'm not the
university god I don't have my handle on
what's completely wrong but let's give
it an old college try the two questions
are going to answer in this video what
should I study and where should I study
it obviously they're two very very
personal questions that there is no
influence or two you can make a decision
you can book your place you can go it
doesn't mean it's the right decision it
means it's one of the right decisions
like there's never
right miss to go to university however I
think I ended up in the best place ever
just to give it up with a background
story to a whistle-stop of my history
and I you see a lot of drama I used to
be not off theater shows I used to love
it I used to think I wanted to get to
drama school there's a little bit of
tint it bit information and but if you
are thinking I go to drama school what I
would really advise you do as well as go
to auditions and talk to people and is
go to a sim school at one of the drum
schools here thinking about I went to a
summer school at Guildford School of
Acting and I went for a week and a week
was enough to show me that I did not
want to spend three years there
sometimes you love things but the way
society set up for you to do things come
you know kind of sometimes just isn't
the place you're supposed to be and
drama school for me was not a place I
was supposed to be so doing a gap year
and I thought about it and I ended up
applying to Aberystwyth University and
to do English and art there are loads of
different types of courses out there and
there are ones that are like drama with
English English with drama maths with
French and stuff like that so usually
when it says the word width it means
that the the main subject is your main
subject it's your major I think it's
what they call it in America and then
the width is something that you do it
like a kind of accessory modules it and
that's from my understanding of it when
you do try now as you literally do 50 50
percents of course you do both core
modules from both departments so that's
usually title something like English and
art or art fine art and English
literature which is what mine was titled
I would say if you are in doubt of what
subject you want to study seriously go
on the hunt for a good university that
will do good joint honours and because
after my first year of doing art and
English I was able to choose just
English and carry on in my second year
like nothing had happened
I don't really exactly know what I
missed in first year of the English
modules it doesn't appear to be that
much yeah you won't miss too much I
think if you do do joint honours and
then choose that second year but always
make sure you are allowed to choose and
allowed to change coz I change the
beginning of second year and that was
the best vision I have made really so
but I would never have come to a session
if I hadn't chosen art and English and
for the first year done both if you are
on the fence about your York bought your
degree but you want to start and you
don't feel like there's any other
information you can gather from research
or careers advice or anything
just start the degree just literally do
joint honours to 50/50 and you can set
up the departments you can set up the
way they working suss out if the way
they assess you is a way that works for
you and works with your psyche for
instance art was very very very self
directed to the point where I didn't
feel like I wasn't comfortable with the
way marketing was all the way the whole
course is structured it just it just
autumn for me and I liked the structure
of the English course but there also you
know freedom and like that kind of
emphasis on private studies Aberystwyth
is one of those places that does a
ridiculous amount of journals you can
pretty much fashion your own joy honors
which you know is healthy and not
healthy depending on like you can do
like art and French really random ones
like German and business cities which
doesn't matter random I guess but you
know there's loads of them in regards to
what subject you should study and I
think you really need to know why your
university our university to have an
experience or to have a career because
they're different things I think I'm a
university from a bit of both I think I
started off University very for
experience and now I've kind of found my
way into some kind of aspirational
career or you know something that's
definitely gonna make me a lot more
employable it's quite buzzword in places
like connections and other kind of
career advice things like employability
they're spending a lot of money and you
need to find a course that you both love
and will make you a better human because
I think if you're about human then you
are definitely more employable I think
it's that simple not to do with group
work or how many modules you've taken in
globalization you need to be as sharp as
clever as friendly as as as well
grounded as you can be when you come out
of university no matter what what
subject you choose so if you're choosing
a subject that you know is gonna make
you like that I don't really see any
kind of shaming that or any kind of
problem obviously there are degrees that
are a little bit more and prestigious
than others um you know the kind of core
redbrick ones like English history
politics maths the very kind of inherent
stately ones but there are also new ones
like film studies sonography things like
that and that's really up to you to kind
of research the reputations and those
degrees and find out if the way you want
to go is somewhere that they're going
valuing degree like that or if they're
gonna go did you really learn because
unfortunately and those from these
degrees are really good and a lot of
places really fail to understand what
they're about and they're kind of value
of them because I know I can understand
that film degree will be really hard but
and yeah you can ou need to think about
if you're very like if you want to
choose a degree they'll only let you do
one thing like if you want to do fine
art and you want to either be an artist
or do you want to teach art or you want
to do that then you know do that but you
won't be training anything else which is
a good thing if you really want to do
that but it's a bad thing if you're not
sure like you're gonna start on a degree
in mental health nursing then you find
out no you actually want to do that then
you're kind of all eight places back so
I'd be very wary if you're not sure of
going into something that is very
focused on one career path is basically
three years of training for a career if
you're not sure I would advise a degree
that is widely accepted by a lot of
different kind of career paths and a lot
of different kind of professions and
stuff like history English not like pop
my own horn but English is a very well
it can work two ways it can be a
jack-of-all-trades you're doing English
but it's also kind of like oh you can do
many things English is a very gem one to
take I quite like it in that way
although it wouldn't work it doesn't
work for everybody but I think it's a
very pickable one and it's one a lot of
people like oh you did English okay even
though you know I think is as hard as
any other degree it's it's very hard to
say because like obviously of any German
my degree but that's the kind of
impression I got when I was looking at
you knees with the grad spacian
seriously eyes like you have to love
your degree it is hard okay I know we do
a lot dotting and I do think Mac at my
degree and I'm not I got away with a lot
of procrastination and I'm still here
her is you know for every time you do
doors off you have to make it up in an
all-nighter another time and that's
something that's kind of abnormal about
students but yeah you can toss off for a
whole day but you'll be doing twice the
amount of work in the next day like it
it pays then you have to so in that
respect you really do have to lower your
degree otherwise you won't finish or
you'll come out with a very low marks
that people are going to be like why'd
you even bother doing a degree so if
you're going to do degree I'd really say
do it well and for you to do it well I
in my experience you
really need some passion and if don't
worry about if you're joining and you
you haven't completely felt the passion
yet because I feel like I only really
started being passionate about English
probably halfway through second year and
something like that I think that's when
I really truly was like I really want to
do this and I'll give him my free time
to attempt to be good at it and but yeah
something you kind of have to trust and
I don't know I don't know how helpful
that big paragraph of laws but there is
no use in just because your parents want
you to doing a business degree if you
hate business and you don't want to go
into business it's however many other
business people look at you and go a
business degree you don't really want to
be in with those people if you don't
actually want to go into business so
there is no use in doing a degree that
just looks good and you're not
passionate about like I need to be
passionate about it and not sure how
it's gonna fit into the rest of your
life or be absolutely sure how it's
gonna fit into the rest of your life and
be aiming for a career that you love
even if you're gonna hate the degree I
don't know you know I feel like I'm not
really straight answering with questions
but the same time I hope if I'm kind of
giving you some platforms to kind of
bring into a cloud of thinking about
what what
