hey everyone I'm making a video for
unfortunately deeper dimensions today
because I just been walking home which
is why I'm kind of flushed and here
because it's freaking cold out there and
walking along the seafront is windy
beautiful at night and you can see all
the stars that's amazing and I've even
just listening to my music and kind of
thinking deeply and I just had some
thoughts that I kind of just had to vent
and even if you don't mind it's
interesting I'm sure that 40-year old me
will find is interesting and I kind of
want to remember this kind of thought
moment that I'm in at the moment because
whenever I become old and bitter and I
say whenever not if I won't remember how
I feel now and I won't be able to assess
properly whether I should actually still
be in this thought thought thinking
frame of mind and not in a bitter
twisted other one be sickly I think stop
being silly
it all kind of started in my head okay
I'll just talk me through what kind of
happened I was thinking about a recent
video that Kayleigh made that I've seen
I will link it below it was about how
she felt about film 2 book adaptations
and how she can I thought they were
equal and she was took know which ones
she thought was successful and the fact
that the most important thing you bring
from book to a film is the feeling and
the kind of spirit of the book yeah I
was thinking about my opinion listen I
mean initially I was gonna do a video
response and but I guess there's some
kind of video response but kind of
tangent video response oh sorry Kelly
remind me of I had a conversation I had
Nathan my fiancee along so short we're
having discussion about the difference
between books and films and I said I
know I remember saying how important I
think books are more than films even
though I do really like films and
there's a place for them and there are
some things that work so much better as
film it's than they would just books and
there's some things that you can only
say through film but primarily for me
obviously obviously because I'm me and
then I'm not saying this for everyone
but for me I think books are the things
that will change the world
not films or not change the world change
people's minds change people's hearts
change people's outlooks most
permanently and therefore change world
and that my dear friends is because when
you watch a film you pretty much have to
be seeing the character unless you're
doing some kind of really tacky handheld
film thing which I've really never seen
done well and I really stop please
it's very hard to live into the
perspective of a main character or any
kind of character in a film properly not
just because of the length of a film and
you're only really spend half an hour
and a half with the character instead of
however long it takes you to read a
books which could be weeks you have to
see the character from the outside which
means you're always going to be a little
bit objective which is good but also can
remove the possibility of some kind of
permanent impact on you the books that I
think have really subliminally changed
the way I think a books where I really
feel like I understand the character
even if they're not doing the right
thing or the best thing or not what I
would do when I feel that into a
character and that connected and that
like really full of that characters
emotions rather than my own that's where
my empathy starts to grow and that's
when I start to understand permanently
and and that's that's what's so
important about books and that's what I
started thinking about when you
understand empathy and when you
understand how other people feel
properly and I'm not saying oh yeah you
know you have an ongoing something you
go into some how you feel when you
clearly don't alive said that's three
times and I genuinely some people still
completely perplex me after Fredrik I'm
just like okay yeah cool I understanding
that your perspective isn't the only one
and not only is it not the only one but
it could possibly not be the right one
it's the most important lesson I think
you can take away from a book or a film
and I have taken it away from films on
mass but also what is interesting about
books two films when you read a book you
don't generally read it in one sitting
unless you got a seminar the next day
Harry had started it and because you
don't read it in one sitting you live
your life in between the pages of the
book like you put the book down and you
go and live your life for a little bit
but in the back of your mind you're kind
of still in the story or you're still
half in the story maybe thinking about
the story think about what happened next
in the story and you're kind of still in
the story even though you're living your
own life and I think that's how books
have made a permanent this is what I
would say if you don't read books or you
don't read many books and you watch more
films try and make that gap more 5050 at
least because that's how I've let books
change my life it kind of permeates into
your into your psyche in some way and
when you're having this little moment in
washing up or something you start to
really analyze and think about what
you're reading
absorb it and absorb the feelings of
somebody else and what it's like to go
through somebody else's emotions and
somebody else's experiences because
there's some things I will never
experience like I said this before
I haven't ridicu for rich life I'm so
aware of it I'm so acutely aware of it
and there's so many things I'll never
understand how nice things
gender things obviously a can only
experience one gender cultural things
ethnicity things war things everything
things so much we will never experience
and while we don't experience that or or
lack the ability to imagine what I do
expose me we're never going to change it
so I've said what I feel about books the
films and how I kind of interact with
that even though I kind of do agree with
Kayla that the most important thing and
the thing that I would get annoyed about
if it was endure is the feeling of the
book getting into the film and that's
when I am happy with films and I think
they're good so yeah this isn't a check
on films
that's like sex to me more of the video
and you can click off now now you know
my opinions on that like happened the
second bit is I was thinking about I was
thinking about the people who've written
those books and like I was thinking my
very own Megrahi wrote weird I was just
thinking about phosphors and the really
clever people that I'm doing require you
my death and being like you're so clever
yeah actually I might just link some
really cool quotes quotations that I
have and quoted in my dish that I really
really like and so I'll put this below
once by Helena quash yeah I don't know
but she's a genius so think of all these
philosophers and all these writers and
all these thinkers professional thinking
yeah that's my job oh I thought I want
to do when I'm older I want to be a
professional thinker see I was thinking
one of those people and all these things
I'm like I'm so glad I've read that
because I you know without uni I
wouldn't have read that or without
reading this book I would never have
known that or you know stuff like that
stuff that I realize could have been
missing from my life and I think about
philosophers that could have been
missing from the world and then I think
about poverty and then I think about oh
my god and I had this realization when I
was like walking along the beach and
what school in a bro in a bar and in
most places I'm guessing where there is
an ocean and a darkness when it's really
dark and you look into the ocean and you
look into the sky and there's that place
where you can't tell if it's the sky or
the sea because it's just so black and
anyway no all were talking about yeah I
was walking along the beach and I had
this horrible this like awful and
stealing realization that
there is a philosopher that dies every
day without having written anything
we're out having the ability to write
anything like there are absolutely
thousands upon thousands of people who
die every day and don't try to tell me
there is not a possible philosopher
possible writer possibly lecturer
possible thing possible absolute godsend
in all of those thousands of people but
there are loads of them and they're
dying every day that is off to the worst
thing the second to worst thing is that
there are people who are these kind of
thinkers and philosophers and people and
they are those people inside not to say
that all they could a bit because I feel
like you are that person even if you
can't do it there are those people and
they can't write they're illiterate or
they or they have got the ability to
write or they're in prison or they like
there's so many ways you are stopped
from communicating this is what makes
you depressed when I hear all the
chatter in the birds because they were
clearly nice people and they literally
can't articulate there's no way and I'm
not asking to take a look and say oh
it's elves okay so fast now and I'm not
asking them to articulate articulate
themselves in the way I do I'm not
asking them to become me but the fact
that they have no variety in their
language whatsoever even if it's not a
language that I like it's sad because it
means that people won't understand them
properly and like the people are missing
out on the variety of emotions and the
variety of thoughts and feelings that
are going through their head and they
can't express them and Kathy I know
you're 40 I know you're tired you're
probably going through menopause just
just just just wait Kathy Kathy Kathy
Kathy
okay this is what I want you to remember
I wouldn't do that in my life no need to
want to be professional thinker or
whatever or whatever kind of pretentious
crap I just came out with I want to help
people say things and I want to hear
things that people say I know that
sounds simple I want to help people gain
the ability to think outside of
themselves and extract themselves from
their own life and into other people's
because when you extract yourself from
your own life and into other people's
lives you extract your future from
yourself and into other people's lives
and you get a collective future with
other people and that's when things
start to hope
we get the hell better because right
this is the question that bugs me all
the time it is the world getting better
or worse cuz I can't tell if you want to
write in the comments you don't really
know what to say you don't have big
paragraphs I'm so looking forward to big
paragraphs if you had them cuz I want to
read them but if you don't want to say
in the pattern and in the comments
just put better or worse to the you know
to the question is the world getting
better always just just put the words
better OS and I'll know and it's just
something I'm really interested to think
to see what people think about that
because it's important question it's so
important oh those are my thoughts thank
you for putting up with me fought your
own Cathy here and I've tea now and
think about how wretched life I will see
you for a less serious video probably
25th of never know um soon also because
there's so many new people I meant to
mention at some point which I haven't in
months and I have a collab channel and
the link is below
I do it with some real cool people and
we're having lives fern so that's below
just in case you are interested and I'll
speak to you soon bye
