hey everyone a gavel our gov LA and
today i'm doing a tag and that belly the
shorty dog tagged me in that girl is
Sarah door rely pretty much do anything
she says so here we go today I'm doing
the no makeup tag and so here you are as
opposed to some people's channels I
guess you probably see me without makeup
many times if you've been watching for a
while hi to all the new subscribers by
the way hello yeah I do actually film
with no makeup on sometimes not all the
time to be fair and I feel a bit stupid
filming about makeup when I'm not
wearing any how much time do you want to
talk about makeup on youtube yet either
isn't wearing any makeup I was doing a
makeup badly then you know I'm not going
to take that as an authority so in my
makeup videos I tend to wear makeup
because it just makes sense but yeah
there are some videos or a filter that
make up often that make up hasn't it
just make up there hasn't been removed
very well and I still probably have a
bit in risk aural and surfing who knows
but this is this is baby-faced first
question is scouts honor are you wearing
in makeup no not promise actually I'm
going to swear I'm something a little
bit more sacred than the scouts honor
brownie guy donor yeah I promise to have
my god serve my queen and country and to
be kind and helpful what is the one
makeup product that you can't live
without mascara it's the one one that
I'm just like come on dick night like if
we're if we're in a massive rush and
people are running me at the door Mike
can I just put some mascara on because I
enjoy it so much and I love it and yeah
why don't fit in secure without it but I
feel I feel less flattering was the one
makeup property you can live without all
of millions I just don't own a lot of
primer never really use primer toner
kind of bothered foundation to be honest
foundation I don't wear all of the time
and I want to do my founding I won't do
my foundation and concealer routine
actually because yeah I don't really use
it but I do it's kind of confusing but
yeah no foundation I can do without
definitely eyebrow filling in stuff
that's fine do you feel confident
without makeup yes in a different way
okay do I feel confident as a human
being do I feel valid do I feel like
everybody should listen to me in the
same phone away and people are still
going to look at me like oh you don't
find today look good and yeah that's
fine do I feel fashionable without
makeup on no not so much do I feel
elegant when I make it or not really and
ya know I do you feel feminine without
makeup on yeah definitely I do
but do I feel and flirty without making
one no do I feel and I feel ready to go
out partying with our make one not so
much I don't know if they're the right
answers the wrong answers but they're
the true answers so there you go maybe
you should work on that maybe I
shouldn't I don't know because I still
do you feel confident I feel like a
valid human being Phillip people can
still find me attractive like did I yeah
what part of your face do you like the
most oh and I write without something I
can't like my face like not in a way
that's like I think it's better than
anybody else's but it's my face I like
it I sometimes when I'm jealous of
somebody or majesta so he's wearing or
that like the fact they're really skinny
or they have like a really nice body and
they just look better in stuff than me I
go do I want their face though and I go
now that sounds really bitchy but
genuinely I like my face not because I
think it's prettier than anybody else's
or well you know particularly an ugly or
anything but do you see we just SWAT
that fly away with my breath and that
because it's mine and I thought I'm used
to and I think having anybody else's
face would be really weird so yeah that
kind of makes me feel better if I get
kind of like girl world jealous of
people which you know we all do where is
one place you will never go without
makeup on there's nowhere I wouldn't go
without me I like to think although
there's some places I probably never
have gone without makeup on now I've
gone to work without makeup on
definitely capture lectures work I've
gone to lectures my pajamas so I say
that I wasn't wearing any makeup okay
I've never gone clubbing without makeup
how's that and I probably wouldn't out
choice but if I was at Sonny's house and
I was wearing a makeup and someone said
you want to go out clubbing I would
still go because I like to dance and I
don't think that should stop me but yeah
there are places but I definitely
preferably preferably wear makeup to
like weddings and going out and yeah but
the rest of the time it is fun and if I
don't have time you don't have time
where is one place you can get without
makeup yeah anywhere that makeup um yeah
if I'm taking UNC lecture is about
makeup it's probably all subconscious
and stupid but when I go without makeup
when I put my glasses on and I've called
like dishevelled like I just stayed up
all night doing my dissertation I feel
like I feel like a more one with them
and also if I can was like massive
rainbow eyes and like stuff I was spent
later time on and stuff and then I'm
really sorry I was late I I slept
through my alarm and I'm just so late
they look at me like you had time to
make your face into an art attacks I
don't really understand how you weren't
here on time that's like in him thinking
anyway would you rather go without
makeup for a week or let your boyfriend
do your makeup for an entire week I'd
rather go without make up for it sorry
Nathan I would rather go without makeup
one because I think it might actually
just stress him out and I can see him
actually kind of feeling quite bad if
he's let me like leave the house well
maybe he'd find it funny for a while I
think he would find it bad if I had to
go somewhere important and he done my
make it really badly and yeah I just
know I'd rather not my Maker sorry
actually another thing that I probably
wouldn't be able to properly live it out
or stuff something that I'd be really
good at definitely took off for me it
was is concealer because I hate the fact
that I just looked idols I'm not tired
I'm so ready for the day i'm so awake
and but yeah I kind of feel like I just
look tired by any makeup on I just look
kind of like just my natural face looks
quite tired and quite like oh and yeah
that's kind of distressing because
that's not the truth so the bodies lying
to me anyway and flip those of you new
and i did a kind of like not so eloquent
and now I look back on it a little bit
messy but you know quite true video on
the reasons why I do our makeup and and
the ethics behind wearing makeup and
whether you have to be insecure to my
makeup and stuff and so I mean I think
that below if you want to kind of
understand why you know I have thought
this through I know why I make up most
the time so yeah I think I'll link that
below even though it's kind of weird to
watch it back now because it's quite old
it's a year old now and I'm quite shy
behind well one my hair is like
completely what I my eyebrows like what
and also in kind of shy now I think I
was quite shy back then as are like not
shy but I just feel a little bit I look
a bit more inhibited a little bit more
terrified by the camera like it's gonna
bite me so enjoy that but yeah that's
kind of on topic so I thought you know
if you're a new subscriber I k a k in
the last year it might interest you
there you go em I'm gonna go now oh nice
benefit are you be okay baby it's like
maybe I am tired and I you see you my
next video and i love you all thank you
bye
