hey everyone now I'm aware that I might
look a little bit unhinged at the moment
and but as know I kind of quite like it
at the same time but basically I'm just
cutting my hair before bed and it's a
tutorial that is amazing and it's by
somebody called the lipstick Diaries
who's Maria and I love her and she's
really cool and i'll link that Cheetara
blow but I've done it quite a few times
now and I'm like loving it although my
hair still doesn't hold a curl like
anybody else is really fine straight
hair and it just you found a way that it
will hold a curl all day and kill Perth
Bryant curtain it my friend I love this
teacher it's really really easy and
doesn't involve any heat yay as per if
you watch my channel I've been over
analyzing news again I don't know about
you but I've retained certain things
from childhood after some thinking the
main to seem to be food equals reward
and baths are boring must be avoided
even to this day I swear I do not share
as much solution now not to over you
know I'm not in hygienic I never really
smell but not my knowledge move I kind
of avoid it like you know like when your
mum pick shop and she's like Kevin bath
every day and you're like an air and you
I have a big tantrum by getting the bath
oh it's just me okay awkward and at the
moment I've really been enjoying having
showers now and I think that's kind of
because I've actually been it's not like
I've been splurging on products but I've
been a paying attention to the ton of
products I by making sure that they're
really fun products and so just been
cleaning products everything when a show
is really really inexpensive but it's
just something that like you just have
to buy products that you find fun
otherwise it won't be fell in the shower
and like what is the point in life
you're just not gonna have fun like why
would you yeah just gonna take you
through some of my favorite things i'm
using the shower lately that i really
love ok so the first thing i do when i
get in the shower is i wash my hair and
i just bought this I think it's retails
it's about about 56 pounds I got it on
34 to those though it's probably you
know worked out is even cheaper but it
is the James Brown photo fabulous
volumizing shampoo ah very rarely do i
find stuff that actually volume eyes
were hair and this does to an extent
like it does make a little bit bouncy
the smell is mature it's just it's such
a nice packaging it lasts a really long
time and the smell is my lucky
unprofessional and i use this and that
makes me happy and it just it smells so
good
and it makes my hair feel really clean
life I was noticing it today like that
it just feels cleaner for a lot longer
it feels way more nourishing and and
this stuff is amazing and I'm definitely
gonna buy again my favorite conditioner
I use is the hair supply by sovan glory
I probably mentioned this quite a lot
i'm almost out which breaks my heart and
this stuff smells heavenly and it makes
my hair soft I wouldn't advise using
everyday because it's quite heavy
conditioner kind of leave him quite a
long time but you may be like maybe
twice a week I use this and I really
deeply conditioned especially if I've
just dyed it I then wash my body bring
my favorite things to do that with its
made by boots and it's called royal
jelly with extracts of pure honey it
looks like honey has the consistency
with honey it smells like honey but it
is a body wash and this just this is
just a pity Moyes that's amazing for me
am i actually miss one of my hair at
soaps from lush is honey i watch the
kids I think it smells it doesn't really
smile it out but it reminds me of that
and i don't know i just love honey
products and this is beautiful i also
have the bath extract but i have really
used all that much yet so i just don't
the time for that I'm just so busy and
this is by possibility and it's a
gingersnap cookies shower gel and oh
it's also a shampoo that's cool and be a
recipe for ginger snap cookies on the
front and it was only a powerful monster
like it's really really cheap and it
smells like and it smells like
gingerbread men and it's just beautiful
to use and I absolutely love it and it
smells it stays in your skin quite a
long time I should this one as well
that's what I really like this one this
one stays around this is a soap from
lush that I love five if you don't say
go out for me for Christmas but I can't
remember the name of it for the life of
me it smells like jelly babies as all it
smells like and I'm gonna post the name
here because I let you can't member but
it's the one that's kind of cut out of a
really cool moon like the whole hunk of
it is around safe but it's got this kind
of gold moon around side you know long
road all right oh I feel like if jelly
babies were real and they were the same
size as people and we found them like
cows or sheep and then we sold their
meat this is what that would be I'm
aware that my thought train was a little
bit awkward then jelly baby burgers
jelly baby sausages I also in the shower
I scrubbed my face and I used to use
this
notorious product that i've done reviews
on and talked about loads and which i'll
link below if you wanna see and but yeah
this is one of my favorite products of
all time and i have three more of these
waiting might draw to be used that's how
sure I am I will use this forever Oh pit
me bit me I drop drop my hand I'm okay
yeah and I've stopped using this every
single day at the moment because um it's
really really cold here that's throwing
out my skin some using her gentlest
earth every second day every third day
they probably use about three or four
times a week at the moment instead of
like twice a day like I'd in the summer
but it's scrub realizing it by safe and
glory and if you don't checked out
please check it out I actually after we
recommended this a few times I've got
emails from people going oh my gosh I've
tried scrub your nose in it and it's
changed the way my skin is and thank you
and so yeah I definitely look into this
and I use it the showers or because I'm
lazy and I don't like putting cold war
on my face in the morning so it's kind
of cool to do the shower so to have to
do that again well I get out the shower
I've just started using this and it's
just a hundred percent cocoa oil body
oil spray stuff and it's yeah all the
ingredients in it is coconut oil and I
kind of rub it into my skin and it could
have it sinks in a lot of nicer and it
just it smells like coconut predictably
but beautifully and yeah this is a
really really beautiful product and so
cheap I got this from this is an instant
a one and i got it from savers for like
1 99 or something wasn't very expensive
and yes its prey so don't have to do
that and I've got laser body purse but I
just never seem to use them that so much
is just a spray and gather shower run
right how the house chillin anxious ah
always late I literally maybe I should
just all my videos are probably going to
be based around saving time because I
that's a lie i do have it i just spend
it in bed hip alt vaguely enjoyable if
not a little bit entertaining if not you
know some way to kill time but yet and
hope you give some good ideas known you
spend a lot of money because we didn't
like spending right now many right now
it's not it's not my favorite thing to
do living off baked beans and rice at
the moment guys baked beans and rice and
green tea
don't tell my slimming world consultant
thanks for watching and I will see you
well I don't know when I see when are
you gonna come Randy coming around you
should come round wishing me up we
should go for a coffee yeah okay well
I'll see you soon yeah it can be cool
okay bye bye bye what meet sleep okay
thanks for watching bye
