hey everyone welcome today I want to
share with you a little know craft
project I've been doing I am very short
on money at the moment I'm trying to say
from masters and things of it home but
how much money I spend on things that I
really don't need and I am adjusting my
lifestyle however it didn't recycle from
wanting things and I'm always kind of
like on the lookout for eyeshadows and
lipsticks and stuff I love being
creative and I am a greedy little tosser
so I've been looking all these different
eyeshadows and stuff and I'm just
thinking do you know what I've been
buying eyeshadows for so long like I
must have enough eyeshadows like I must
have ones that I love like all the ones
I bought
I've loved or I've loved bits in the
palette of eyeshadows in my time now why
do I not use them and the kind of thing
is like that they're really these
awkward palette so they're in on these
kind of singles and I never really
bothered to get them out and I just kind
of like grabbed my Naked palette or just
grab everything that's near and it
doesn't really have the same kind of
resonance from the same kind of
creativity for me as using all of my
eyeshadows and all the ones I've kind of
bought and really loved just don't use
and so I meani my getting a set palette
for a really long time but they're so
expensive like for such a simple idea
I'm a genius idea don't get me wrong
but it's a very simple one from love
makeup or anywhere I find it it's like
four pounds patient packaging and about
16 pounds for a palette and that's like
20 pounds for a palette and then you
know if you get some more as well we're
talking talking merely 34 palettes when
I've already spent the money on the
eyeshadows another point the size of you
saving money I don't really feel it so
I've been like reading around my room
and trying to find inspiration for other
ways I can make these stupid palettes
and eventually I couldn't come up with a
way like I'm sure the tutorials need to
never hush dears but genuinely I did
kind of works on myself I'm sure that
there are tutorials around because it's
a bit of an obvious idea at the same
time really proud I've done it I finally
got around to it and I'm really really
excited about when you palette this is a
small mint tin it's kind of vintage
themed it's called kiss of confidence
and it is by Spencer free word limited
little con Minton I've had hang around
for ages and I finally finished all
mints in it if what I did I turned it
into a palette I'd say the best curtains
for these kind of projects are Minton's
just because they're so shallow like I
have loads of tins around my room so
she's randomly but these are the most
shallow ones which I think kind of like
they replicate a normal palette the best
the only thing about devices whole craft
project was some magnet
dictate and that only cost me one pound
20 from ebay so it's really it's really
an inexpensive and really really cost
effective way to get yourself making
pallets and really pleasing yourself
really because something that people say
about the naked palette a lot oh my god
and they're all in one place and and
they will Confirmation oh well I can't
you create a palette like that why do we
need to buy a stupid Urban Decay Naked
palette as much as I love it like why
well I can't we get all of the shadows
that we like in the same place so these
are client my favorite eyeshadows of the
moment and all in one place I can see
I'm going to really really enjoy using
this in the future and swing really easy
to carry around your pocket and it's
just no first and because they're so
movable and with magnets and stuff like
if I just lose interest in one I just
put it put it away just put it in a
drawer like I can find a different one
like any one runs out I can pop it out
put differently yeah it's a really
useful craft project and I really really
hope you enjoy doing it making it using
it yourself and really appreciating the
eyeshadows you have already bought ok so
there's nothing gonna need some good
kitchen scissors a knife it doesn't need
to be sharp but it doesn't need to be
pointy and it needs to be slim you'll
need some magnetic tape it's just kind
of consists of really long strips of
magnets but a sticky sides firm you can
get these from eBay I will link where I
got mine below 1 pound 20 including
postage and packaging absolutely freakin
excellent you will need a lighter you
can use a candle but I prefer to use a
lighter just because I've got a lot more
control about when the fire goes out so
if anything goes wrong or if I drop it
the fire will go out as I drop it you
will need a mint tin of some kind these
can be fine a gift chart you can also
use maybe an old pencil tin any kind of
artistic so if you've got around and
finally you will need some of your
favorite eyeshadows that you never use
now I'm not going to go through how to
deport every single eyeshadow ever just
because there are so many really really
good and quality tutorials out there
that I just I can't compete with just
pop them to your YouTube page get into
the search bar search but whatever
eyeshadow you want to depart and there
will be several tutorials Tony how I'm
just gonna show you quickly with an
Urban Decay eyeshadow just cuz those are
the ones that I was doing at that point
and of course you have to kind of pop
out the outer layer of urban decay eye
shadows first with the knife which is
kind of like irritating and once you've
done that it's fine you're kind of good
to go and so this is what kind of normal
eye shadow will look like eventually
just the kind of plastic that has
attached them
to pan and light you lighter hold on me
be very very good and wait about four to
five seconds until you can see the kind
of plastic underneath bubbling up but
you know not so much as it catches on
fire could be fatal
then you want to slowly prise your knife
around the edge of the pan be really
careful because I actually wrecked a few
of my eyeshadows doing this and even
though they're still useable and they
look they still look lovely and I'm fine
it was kind of heartbreaking especially
with the matte ones I found the matte
ones are very vulnerable the shimmery
ones kind of have a little more stick to
them and they usually survive but I'd be
kind of very hesitant and kind of just
nudge it with your knife for a while
before you take out the matte ones
because they're very vulnerable um once
you popped out wait for it to cool it
scratch off any excess glue and pop a
little strip of your magnetic tape onto
the back pushing it down firmly and it's
also an option to peel any kind of
labels off you have around packaging
trim them down and attach them to the
back edge so you know what you're
dealing way than what you've departed so
you can run back and pop them into your
pan it's that freaking simple you can
have a lot fun just kind of going around
and placing the different items
different places but I've kind of got my
shadows together I think we'll go
together and it kind of really has me it
gives me kind of new lease of life to
the kind of shades like I use and I'll
talk to you the ones I have in my pan
because these are the kind of ones that
I've been itching to depart for ages
okay as you can see I've made a bit of
pig there are some of them which is kind
of embarrassing you know I don't know
I'm shooting tutorials on this so I just
really never think I don't um so yeah
I'm kind of sad that I've broken some of
them the same time they're totally
usable I'm not too worried it kind of
like just reiterates the parable of be
very very careful with the matte shades
the first day at the top are from the
valancy palette and by wet-and-wild
and I love these colors they have
amazing payoff and I'm really excited to
be using them more often and the next
one it's a new one I've got though Oh
damaged damaged quite badly and that is
heist by Urban Decay I'm probably gonna
run about this and one of my favorites
videos when using it loads and the next
one along it's from the original sleek
palette and actually I've already hit
pan I really really like this one but
you know the same thing I have been
using it very much just because it's
kind of annoying so don't we like any
other colors
and the next one along is Ruby and
Millie and it's two halves of a duo
there you can see and that is a
discontinued and if called it's called
duo two if you can find out anybody but
it's been discontinued sadly and but I
absolutely love those colors and I
really think they're gonna go with my
own matte shades and the one in the
middle is MDK last call I taught them
before but I just think it's one of the
most unusual colors have ever seen and
I'm really excited to be using it more
and then the one in the corner is also a
kind of one I'm almost just finishing up
that's from the original sleek palette
yeah I hope you enjoyed that let me know
if you do a post a video response
showing me and you're gonna move your
palettes that you made and what your
favorite kind of eyeshadows are on the
ones that kind of stay in the palette
I'm really excited to change these up
once I've used them up or get bored of
them and it's a really good way of using
up your eyeshadows and kind of like
understanding which ones complement each
other and having a really creative play
around with them and so yeah I really
hope you enjoyed this tutorial I hope it
was useful and I will see you
