hi everyone in true Kathi fashion I left
my tripod in commentary and so at the
moment you're coming to me or I'm coming
to you from my bed clothes and yeah your
sections and books but it's just nice
it's all going horribly wrong and it's
fine and so yeah I think you enjoy this
more intimate setting that we've got
going on here like if before you're kind
of making eyes across a room now I'm
pretty much sitting on your lap and
today it's gonna be video about the
books that I hate because they suppose
you don't know who made this seven books
review video in the summer which I
really enjoyed making but it was like
4:00 in the morning as it's you know
3:00 in the morning now surprises
anytime I can actually talk about
literature I kind of like funny well we
three like kid you know I was like I've
gotta have a 10-minute nap and I will
get up and do the rest and I literally
never did and ever since then I've been
putting off making the part 2 of that
video and then I realized why was
because actually I talked first about
all the books I loved I read over the
summer and left out a horrendous number
of books but I actually hated and
therefore that is why I was putting off
making the video so I just thought would
be more relevant and a little bit better
than posting a video about my summer
book reviews in the winter and wow I am
actually a champion procrastinator and I
would just make a little short video
telling you about books my hate and then
you know your mind is laid to rest and
you want have seen from these books in
the book haul I make ages ago I don't
even know if I can focus my hatred in a
play we're gonna try okay so so firstly
okay this is the book this is probably
the main feature of the video and the
rest of it it's gonna be nightmares
every night but this one oh my god
capture in the freaking dry ok firstly
I'm not even gonna go over the lame name
and it's lame connection to the lame
kind of weird kind of imagery in the
book that really was barely there I've
been wrong about a lot of books
especially a lot of like good books like
the ones that are like and I'm saying
when I say good books I mean like
literary acclaimed books and this book
has been in like top million of like
I even went to Seattle and I went to
that famous bookshop cotton but off the
top my head but where's that famous
secondhand bookshop and like they were
Catcher in the Rye t-shirts like people
into people into it like people and I'm
sure like there's friends on YouTube
there watching is like you probably said
interview videos remembers anything I
was catching the rise when my favorite
so I'm really sorry and I'm offend you
but at the same time I have a speak my
mind and you're you know you're
completely free to disagree with me and
I I don't lose any respect for you well
mostly okay this isn't like I'm just
reading right without blow my own
trumpet
this isn't me reading this as a kid in
school at 14 who doesn't really
understand literary irony and and
concepts and a conceptual literature and
like narrative voice and blows abstract
and theory and concepts okay I'm reading
this as a third year literature student
okay so I can graduate in the summer do
a PGCE and I can teach English in
schools okay and I absolutely think this
book is a pile of steaming hot sizzling
horse manure like genuinely I think it's
the worst book I probably ever read like
one of the worst ones and the worst
thing is it's trying to do so many
things and not doing any of them at all
well again I'm somebody who even though
I don't particularly like Virginia Woolf
I understand what she's doing I do say
yeah okay she's a good writer
I don't enjoy her but she's good okay I
understand I understand internalizing a
character and writing from their
perspective and tactful narration and
continueth or development but this was
my god
like okay whatever you were trying to
communicate you did it awfully and I
don't really care if you're the first
person mate like right what I hate is
like when especially you would modern
art people like no but they were the
first to do it well no they were the
first to do it so hands up shake hands
no no just because you're the first
person to do it does not make you great
okay there may be other people who have
thought of it and thought now it's not
worth doing that as an obvious obvious
point to make there's no point in making
a piece of art or literature about that
and also it's just the first person to
do it I don't really think that's the
critical information anyway like that's
just wow
like some commuters are better than you
you should be forgotten like genuinely I
really am into collective I'm into the
idea of collective human idea and you
you don't own ideas you have them but
doesn't make you great it makes you it
makes you useful and makes you please
make your part the team needs your
contribution it doesn't make you great
and this is an awful actually I read on
some minis and I'm like one of these
kind of like because I did try and read
up about it like so maybe I'm missing
something
I'll give this a lot and I've been
thoroughly googling and I just can't
find any kind of even abstract
explanation that makes what the kind of
crap and the length of that crap like it
doesn't make any of it justifiable to me
and I just I think I've lost I've wasted
so many hours like I also I tried to
read that book like I didn't want to
skim read it you know I probably don't
really read that book and maybe you know
maybe also skim read it but I've tried
it both ways and I just I just
understand it's just a really angsty boy
wandering around moaning what everything
and I write somebody is the word phony
to me ever again like I'm just gonna oh
okay right if you have a good idea it's
something that is important and you
wanted to share it with other human
beings okay make that accessible for the
human beings if you feel like that your
idea just you're not the person to
communicate idea like just let go like
don't write book please don't write like
oh you killed me because he was trying
to say something he's not saying it very
well and even though yeah I could sit
there and like sizzle in my own literary
amazing nurse and just be like oh well I
feel like it's it's it's a deep and tone
of torment and human oppression and
there is only a certain amount undertone
I would tolerate until there's a point
where I conclude that you are
inarticulate there are pieces of
literature where I go okay so I
understand why you're dragging this on
okay it's to emphasize something like
say the the big patch and atonement that
feels really long and when when Robbie's
out in the war and it's really
depressing and it's quite repetitive and
that is understandable okay you're
supposed to be feeling what he is
feeling about war
you supposed to be experiencing with him
experiencing the
not any and sadness and the could of
dragging on nursed waiting for God Oh
does that well caretaker does that well
no you do this or that you just do yeah
okay okay goes exploring adolescent
sexuality and and isolation and it is
only to a certain point in a cat that a
character can exist and be just a
character okay there is a point where I
question what is this right trying to
say to me about this character I'm
supposed to be idealizing the character
supposed to be identifying this
character and so as to be big in his
character up and we're supposed to be
hating this character and it's supposed
to be parable for me not to be like this
character this was none of those things
like if if this is a parable about you
shouldn't be like this guy it was really
bad that was just not thought through
enough and really not communicated
properly if it's basically one about all
this guy's amazing
and then who are you this guy's the most
annoying character in the whole of
literature and if this is kind of like a
guy oh it's human you're supposed to
identify with it it's like no he's
actually probably got I feel like he may
have Asperger's or autism or both and if
you're gonna make it about autism and
stuff like discuss that more Joan and I
really haven't really been distributes
ism yet I found it yet that says this
about autism and stuff like most of it's
just about adolescents and isolate I've
never met a kid like this well that's a
lie okay obviously to a point but this
isn't helpful no no go away
no go away I can't get it no I just hate
it i I feel like I really haven't
articulated why hate it so much but I
hope you in some way and even though
wise has even productive to tell you how
much I hate this book can we probably
friend okay the second one that I really
really hate under the feet of Jesus this
is like you ever read the blurb in the
entire book to go into it right now but
it's just kind of about immigrants in in
America and the family situation and
it's really dragging a really badly
written
really so lyrical and I just like oh
this duvet is like the ground and the
trees wave like mermaids and the water
and the grapes drizzle or like like rain
upon a stone on the beach like
everything is like something else and
it's just it's no it's just absolute
overkill it's only like 150 pages long
as me you can't get it actually scary
anymore there's so many of them it's
ridiculous none of them are really
characterized properly no none of them
have something about them that makes you
remember them and that's not even the
point and some other stuff in is it in
it is quite shocking and quite sad it's
somewhere in between epic and subtle but
it's not really on the scale anywhere
it's kind of like over here somewhere in
this confusing point of literature that
you know either either hasn't been
invented yet or it's just it's just
missing the point
it's just missing any kind of character
or anything anything to make it really
special in any way and just bad bad bad
dispatches this is a book about war it
was really sad there's also really
military and it's basically I think the
only people can understand what's
actually happening in it as people who
have been in the Army you know there's
so much terminology and so much it's
just a systematic and it's kind of like
reading an army report than it is a
narrative book which I think it kind of
is supposed to be but at the same time
I'd have read here but the same time I
don't think that genres for me and I
don't anything that style of books for
me so I'm not gonna say that that is a
bad book when to say I didn't enjoy it
last one was for this is the last in the
Lake of the Woods yes so okay before I
say anything about this book and why I
didn't like it and okay it's not
restricting this list I didn't didn't
not like it they mean for really
comfortable which is I know is what
supposed to do but not in a kind of like
and full-metal-jacket kind of a
comfortable like actually uncomfortable
and I'll tell you why
and so if you like psycho thriller if
you if you like psychology and you're
like to study so I caught it in mind and
or you're you just really into
psychology and like you like reading
about those kind of experiments
stuff and this is actually kind of like
quite a good book for you and I would
say actually genuinely go and read it
there are some there's some good stuff
in it and if you can handle it and you
okay with a lot of really horrific war
scenes and stuff like actually yeah in a
weird way I'm recommending this and so
if you want to do that and you know
we're gonna read a blurb on the in sales
and thing that's loud if you want to
read it and if you do sighs you want to
read it don't watch the next bit this
video I will post a link below where you
can skip to where it's safe again okay
okay I read this book because I was
taking a module that I'm not taking
anymore
and called um it was American let's
share Vietnam to 9/11 or something so
obviously this is one of the first books
in the list it was about Vietnam War
when I picked up a book I was like oh my
gosh the main character is called Kathy
with a K this never happens and part of
never let me go and we're heights and
know that should the only books I've
ever read with the name Kathy in it
feels like MGM and what's gonna happen
to Kathy is it's gonna be like some kind
of prophetic thing about my life I love
you that kind of parallels because I
just get excited when actually has my
name is something because I'm honest
people who guys in shops and my name is
never on the keyring it's never on the
picture frame it is never on the
necklace oh by the way quite a bit of
information my boyfriend oh my fiance my
fiancé's name is Nathan Wade and I don't
feel like that's really giving away much
because if you type in Nathan wade into
Facebook there are free clothes of them
don't even get me started on how many
Cathie words there are it's a concern
it's concerned so I start reading this
book and I'm like
and it's about Kathy Wade wow that is a
coincidence like they're not you know
what about common names like Kathy Wade
what the hell keep reading
yeah oh my gosh the husband is called
John John Wade Nathan's name Nathan John
way bit terrified Wow look at them on
holiday together out tonight
carry on yeah so John's been in the war
Wow look all that horrible stuff he
didn't know always cutting women open
that's Wow that was some crazy times in
the war man okay flashback whoo there
you know they were holiday it's all
going well um Oh John Wade's going up in
the night
what's a bit weird sleepwalk in okay
carry on I keep spoiling a cat all weird
okay carry on I'll be going on the
day-to-day lives having a nice holiday
okay cool more flashbacks about the
Vietnam War all the weird stuff that
happened which is not for the
faint-hearted
so we carry on we're reading we're
reading okay John John Wade's still
getting up in the line boiling yeah okay
so now now he's boiling the kettle and
I'm starting to start you must have
think it's nice to accuse my drinking
okay you know I killed Jesus killed you
that is what he is muttering Jesus as
the athlete he walks around sleepwalking
and you're like okay yeah so we carry on
reading books fine okay mm-hmm
so really interesting insights interest
childhood mm-hmm okay
I came how he's boiling water in his
sleep and pouring it on all the plants
in the house and killing them waking up
in the morning and not remember not
remembering them in all their okay okay
more more flashbacks more malaria okay
Kathy's mythic
I'm missing I'm missing I'm I'm I'm
missing he wakes from the morning where
is my wife I don't know where my wife is
oh my god that's cool police uh send out
search PI's or whether sister I'll at
this point I'm like where the hell is
Kathy raid where is she John I carry on
reading
that is still boiling McCallum turn
around again kill Jesus sleep sent out
that he got up in the night and he
bought the Cal and he was machine killed
Jesus and he poured boiling water all
over his wife and killed her and then
hid her in the lake and then went back
to bed
so if Nathan wants to find it for the RV
I came to advise against it was also
really terrifying because in the book
he's he's cooled to the magician and
there's something like that it's good
like mr. magic to all his friends in the
army and he does like magic tricks and
stuff and Nathan's as magic tricks and
say what like that book but it's very
very well and Tim woods if you were
anything that's less about me a mime I
read it and yeah anyway okay so that
concludes books that I hate I'm sorry
that wasn't very productive and yeah if
I ever find out more I take you away to
tell you exactly what I hate catching
the reich's I did really quite a while
ago and but did the feeling of hate
still there but all the reasons aren't
really but I just know that I owe ya
anyway so I
