hi I just wanted to make this video and
really spontaneously just because we're
looking through my inbox messages and
reading a lot of things you know I'd
like to then me and and I got a message
from somebody called Millie and who I i
hope i hope to have to internet
friendship with she seems really cool
and yeah i got a message from her that
goes a little bit like this hey and you
just seem so lovely and the right person
to ask about the bus on youtube and I'm
really keen on starting my own videos
but I'm really worried about privacy et
cetera and I was wondering about your
views on privacy and fact that you put
yourself out there for the whole of the
world to see yes I do um you tell people
where you live and put a lot of your
life into your videos oh my green is
just gone on now come back put a lot of
life into making me soup draft
technology ok I think we're a go ok you
tell people where you live and put it up
life into your videos are you worried
about it and also do your friends what
you've watched your videos and have you
had any negative comments and people you
know about I am worried about people
seeing my videos and laughing at me I'm
i really love to make videos but I'm
worried please help thank you Millie ok
and since receiving this email i have
actually do a little research on Millie
and it seems that she actually has died
take the glasses off 230 and actually
has started making videos which is
really cool and I'm gonna link her
channel below because genuinely I think
she's made a really colossally good
start and if you put back at my first
videos actually quite embarrassing so
she's doing a really good job so I'm
gonna link her below and aside from that
and I actually get the reason I want to
making videos because I actually get
quite a lot of and comments like that
and and some questions like that and a
few emails like that and I just I
thought now was the time to make some
kind of video about it to address those
kinds of also i met with Ashley it's
your feeling he's named and Georgia from
ashton o'clock or remembering anyway
she'll be in the damn shower as well but
I met with her in Edinburgh I when
debris from the year at moments the
street party and so yeah and I met with
her
and that was one of the topics we talked
about was really interesting i should
talk about with a bit like and her kind
of personal things about her friends
finding out chef and it's just really
interesting to hear worth like some be
at school find out on what strike for me
who's at university and I'm kind of at a
different stage in that kind of realm
okay the first thing I want to address
is and the privacy issue now I could
give you the talk everybody gives you
the talk about about strangers and
stranger danger and just patient sterile
your personal information on the
internet which i completely agree with
don't give your number to anybody you
don't know is a real person you really
really trust and don't give you out your
actual you know your postcode or
anything like this ridiculous don't give
up don't give out your bank details
embarrassed actually if you give out
your bank details you deserve to be
robbed what and and that talk is still
valid and I still clearly prove that
however um there are a lot of bad things
in this world generally I think we can
all agree on that I don't want this bad
things to stop me from doing good things
things I like things are fun things but
may even benefit others and and I don't
think it should be a barrier while I
while I have a really over act for
instance what I haven't really ever act
imagination and I don't really like
going out night my own probably after
which is you know night in Britain now
is about three o'clock and because I've
seen so many movies I see things in my
hand I mallika what if this happens when
this will happen in ten years later this
will happen and but I still go out at
night and that doesn't mean to say that
I walked home or like four in the
morning on my own like right in the
middle of commentary but I don't let
that stop me from doing normal things
and for me youtube is a thing that comes
naturally to me it's the thing that I
like to do I like to communicate people
and even though it seems like a weird
way to other people and for me it feels
good it feels right it feels like I'm
enjoying it feels like I'm being
productive and it feels like a good way
to procrastinate should I need to
procrastinate in terms of people finding
me and that's something scary and I know
it happens to people i watch one tree
hill and I really have it doesn't happen
to me and on the other hand
and the only things I really give away
at the towns that i live in because i
live in two and and my first and
sometimes second name life i haven't
completely hid my second name i'm not
gonna tell you where to find it but it's
not you know it's not my channel is
plastered with my surname but the same
time i don't you feel the need to hide
it completely it is quite an unusual
surname and however where I took my
famous writer journalist actor nothing's
gonna happen but where I to be everybody
would know my surname it is you know
it's bit dodgy foolishly at the same
time it's kind of normal also I don't
know if what you have in the US or in
Canada Germany were you watching this
but in the UK we have thing called
yellow pages anyone can find me
everybody that everybody in my whole
city like comfort life like it's
published there it's like my my address
and with telephone about everything and
that is pretty normal and around here
for now you know we'll get into the age
of paranoia but at the moment that's
pretty normal to have your number and
your name in the yellow pages
everything's risky and I don't feel very
at risk I don't feel like I'm being
completely stupid and walking off a
cliff and so yeah that's my kind of view
on that second thing that links into
that it was the question saying what
happens if your friends find out are you
okay different running out is this weird
and I think that is kind of the thing
it's like and there's two questions here
is like do people think it's weird and
is it weird don't really have to be
connected and do you do people think
it's weird yes they do they've been gets
freaky think it's creepy living is weird
i'm not a lie to your mother and is it
weird no yes maybe Saudis way to the
harry potter obsession and to be honest
somebody who discovers the books let's
just say way before most of my friends
and I just covered it before a second
one came out and I remember waiting for
everything will go to come out no no
none of my friends listen to me I
remember I wasn't like your fault I was
like guys need the riddles book they're
like shut up gothic and now you can't go
anywhere was wearing a freaking
gryffindor scarf like everybody loves it
and that's a good thing but everything
is weird until other people start liking
it
um and I think it just comes to a point
in your life that can happen any point
in your life a YouTube and the issue of
YouTube is one of the ways that can be
introduced in July fanned that's
completely your choice but it is one of
the crossroads if you watch videos on
YouTube and there is a point where you
ask yourself right have a username am I
going to use my channel to upload videos
and it's just it's just a question that
question will come again in your life in
a different form it probably's happened
before like em for me it the question
happened before so YouTube wasn't too
hard because I'd already like originated
drama and so for that but at the same
time it's a question the fact the
existence of YouTube and your activity
within it however small is a question do
you want to upload videos I think that's
kind of roots into a bigger question of
who do you want to be and and that
that's an important question why do you
use the centrosome certain social
networking site that's my important who
do you want to be colossally important
so do you want to be somebody who
doesn't do things because they're afraid
of what other people think and it is
possible to do things and still be
afraid of what other people think but do
you only be once people who doesn't do
things because of what people think
because they're two different completely
different people I am scared what people
think and not to the extent of some
people but I'm still not as there as
other people like I I was worried when
from my friends found out my youtube I
was worried my housemates Fallon which I
actually lived in my house for like a
year with I'm finding out that I was
even making youtube videos because I
wasn't as also hiding it honey I didn't
really make oh my hey guys kaput I did
this afternoon and when they did find
out they still find good rig weighed I'm
not like they think I'm freak but then I
also where wizard in cloaks around the
house and I used to be a Christian and I
and I drink soy milk and there's only
because I think it's really freaky about
me so it's not really you know they they
they have got the pinion line weird and
that's fine they seem to they seem to
live with me anyway so I think YouTube's
really the crux of that friends and home
so my friends from home
there's some of them probably watching
and a lot of them really supportive and
they actually really like wish my videos
I know this is something that Georgia
said as well liked and the people who
really like washing your videos and they
watch them like they say to you oh I
feel like I've seen you yesterday but I
didn't listen your video if you're like
yeah at the same time that's kind of
annoying because you're like all I don't
get to see you yeah I've had from a
select amount of my friends had a really
really positive response and they seemed
to you know they they watch it so I'm
assuming they kind of like it you are
going to get a lot of mixed views and
some people aren't I think it's pretty
freaking weird but you have to decide
whether that stops you or not really my
brother likes to call them the freaky
people i think is really worth I meet
people from YouTube and him that's okay
and I'm one of my good friends on
YouTube called Sarah sent me am a really
lovely engagement present a name Andrew
was just like there's but from your
creepy friends there's my internet
friends the invisible friends Kathy you
have an invisible friend was like yes
well what is vision anyway what is
invisible and what is it really visible
okay I think my eyes to use what I'm
trying to say is youtube is a great
community TV part of i'm not going to
force you to be part of it and I I won't
judge you if you don't want to upload
videos and become like a fully active
member in it that's fine and the sum of
my subscribers that I taught you that
I've just seen they comment on my videos
all the time and I feel like I do we
talk to them because you know they're
they're present but I'm to make videos
as a different level and it's definitely
a more rewarding level and I say it's
really really benefit me and I want to
be like Pig videos it'll be fun and at
the same time I won't go judge if you
don't and but why I'm gonna say is this
question about who you're going to be is
going to crop up again and so you now to
take the chance now and make this is you
now but it's gonna crop over again in
your life and I just want to know when
you're going to decide that and when
you're gonna be like you know either way
am I going to be this person that it
stops you from doing things or am I
gonna be that but I do them anyway and
unlike this question isn't going to go
away it won't come in the form youtuber
where go away and so I'm saying to you
is if you do make a channel except that
the content make your own content make
content that you would like to watch
make content that you enjoy making
content about and and then accept that
the people
round you aren't always going to
understand at the same time their video
your videos aren't exactly aimed at them
so that is understandable it does hurt
but then at the same time when and say
my brother wants to talk to him about
the innards of his orchestra life I just
I just don't judge him forever the same
time what so yeah they don't understand
but hey and I'd rig off the teasing why
hasn't find it pretty funny and probably
to address the further during a slant if
I am blaring and my videos through the
speakers outside of the rooms and so
that I can hear it and is really loud um
and you know you just got laugh it off
they are being funny they're being
affectionate hopefully and but yeah and
just you know and people with thick
scenes I think tend to have a lot more
fun and and yeah I read our sins they'll
not propagate about like I should make a
video at the stupid time of day and I
hope you are doing really well and if
you have any more questions about it
leave them below and if you make a
channel if you make a video and because
they're so you haven't let you know if
you're making your first video I'm do
let me know or post below saying oh I've
made my first video and I'll kick me a
channel and have a look and can yeah I'm
good bed now yeah I just wanted to tell
my views on that and and yeah Thank You
Millie feel question because it reminded
me of every answers questions and it
made the urgency ever more potent now
even make sense anyway I love you
probably
