so I recently went to the creator's to
change summit with youichi those who
don't know last year I was made a
YouTube creator to change fellow
subsequently spent quite a lot of hours
and months and making a short video
essay on the topic of Britishness and
trying to get the British Empire on the
curriculum another joyous thing that
involves is going to these creators for
change summits now this one I went to
with a little bit different formula the
last one was solely for fellows we
worked a lot in workshops and production
and that kind of thing and this time it
was more of like a TEDTalk
kind of affair I kind of went with a
half skeptical mind mainly because I'm
British but also because I'm just like
what is change why and the world is
getting so much worse why are we then
proceeded to spend the next eight hours
crying I had to go back to the hotel
room for a little nap every single one
of the speakers absolutely floored me
I poured my guts at the bottom of my
stomach it made me rethink how I'm
living my life and I just wanted to
share a few of my thoughts on them today
like many of you I've kind of been
getting a little bit like in my own head
about what platforms I upload my content
to like you know how those things work
and getting into the metrics of things
and really I just want to concentrate on
making and thinking about how I'm
living my life it's so much more I don't
know this summit definitely gave me a
lot of hope and a lot of inspiration is
a word I hate momentum is the word I
want to use it gave me a lot of momentum
and so I just wanted to share some of
the points that I kind of took away from
the amazing speakers that were that well
there's maybe like 100 hundred and fifty
people that got to attend that submit I
wanted to spread just below further
because that's what the camera is for
point being the first two people that
came to speak was the global head of
public policy at YouTube and then the
content partnership creator and then
after that they were like yes we've got
a guest and we haven't told you about
who it is but and if you could not take
pictures and and and you know
immediately share on social media that
would be great
but here is my lava
I told people afterwards what had
happened and people like what did she
say and I'm like she said the stuff that
I've heard her say before but that's not
really what happy impacts for me that's
not what hit me in the gullet we've got
it feeling was in the same way that I
think theatre has an impact on you
there's something that you get from this
that you don't get from film winner what
a human breathing person is in the room
and you feel like you didn't feel like
if this is a report of what has happened
you don't feel like there's this
proscenium arch separating you you feel
like the characters remembering them and
the thing is in the room and that's kind
of what it felt like
seeking Malala it meant a lot and I
think some people is like oh yeah but
seriously like I didn't expect to feel
that way when she was in the room
because obviously like I really honor
and respect her work but to have her in
the room and to be like oh she's she's a
person not just a person we don't use
the word just but she's a person and
she's just moving through the world it
just kind of grounds you and kind of
breaks that brainwash cycle in your head
that you're like oh here are the heroes
over here and here
are you the proletariat next Evelyn of
the internet who were bloody
loved and did an amazing speech take
whither I got from it was sometimes you
forget and like push all these and
constraints and and and raise all the
bars for yourself which is a good thing
but it but often it's not what you say
it's who you are when you're saying it
where you're saying it from it's not
about the production quality or how I
take you at you are it can sometimes be
that representation or that witness or
that example that you're saying then
this guy this guy got up onstage good
Dave can not be a more dad named Dave
anyway Dave came and turns out Davis
like CEO of this huge charity that works
as national archives which is all about
putting booths in places like Grand
Central Station inviting people to come
in and have honest conversations with
each other about their relationship
whether they're like small child and mom
or you know like sisters partners it's
just really moving and they record audio
sometimes they do video and they played
this video about a little autistic kid
who was asking his mom like if
she liked him as a person and if she
liked his sister more because his sister
had more friends and it was one of those
heartbreaking beautiful conversations to
listen to ever and they'd animated it
and I was just bawling I was bloody
rosianna did an amazing talk about her
creates for change project if you
haven't seen it I really recommend it
what I love about her project and what
she talked about was giving the cameras
to the people she was featuring and
telling the stories in the way that they
want them told and honoring people's
voices and putting listening at the core
of how you arrange your content and
stuff which I think could happen a card
is the guy who features in the exodus
documentary which have seen a bit of the
Guardian made it the one layers of
awards and basically he told his story
about becoming a refugee from from going
you know riding in his car with his
friends and you know having all these
luxuries and these this is really normal
life that looks so much like ours to
becoming a refugee how he grabbed his
GoPro and his battery packs and his
memory cards and he recorded the whole
journey and he showed his clips of him
on this dinghy where you know this
dinghy almost sinks with all these
people on it and he records the whole
thing which is like I don't know how you
do that in that moment so glad he did
and I cried at the end because at this
moment he talks about what he get he
finally gets the border he finally gets
to the British and border and after
going through all of these horrific
things having his arms broken pushing a
dinghy swimming across the ocean and
getting all these like fake passports to
try and get to Britain getting to
Britain and finally having to say the
words I'd like to claim refuge under
refugee and I'm crying now um but like
having to own that moment of like having
to change your identity for what you
need it shook me up and I thinking like
I just I don't think I can and go back
to before I heard that talk I just don't
think that I'm ever gonna and think
about things in the same way or act in
the same way after it okay
Hasson said something in that talk that
I just like immediately wrote down on my
phone and I so terrified a bright stuff
down my phone
I think I'm tweeting this thing that he
said he said I think because people are
asking him like why he did this work and
why he was still fighting and he just
said this thing that's like it's like
I'm not I'm not an activist inherently
there's not a gene that makes me at
somebody who has become an activist he
just said you're not born an activist
you become one one ends a problem Tina
Rosenberg she was there talking about
solution based journalism and how she's
doing as of stuff to combat a kind of
training that most journalists have
which is to report what's going wrong in
the world and integrating solutions into
that reporting of bad things so not just
being like everything's fine
everything's happy I'm taking note of
those happy stories but also taking note
of when something goes wrong finally
getting to Paris in a being like we've
really our economy but look what
Denmark are doing they're doing it
better finding people that are doing the
thing that your country is doing wrong
better and putting it in the story to
remind people of the alternatives and
not there's just like this downward
spiral of like humans or bad and that
it's why things are falling into despair
I don't know that that was a proper
thing that people were campaigning for
and like it was like solutions based
journalism what the another person had
asked me was DeRay who and he is on a
podcast that I listened to a few times
called pod save the people which is a
very American based solutions political
podcast about what they can do about all
of the that's going down he's I
think it's the founder of black lives
matter or he was definitely like a huge
part of it and he like absolutely
astonishing to listen to he had so much
wisdom so much so much patience and he
was you know I think people has idea in
their head that activists are angry that
they're furious and they have like this
fury the kind of energy but they're not
I don't know he was a very like humble
kind like settled person this kind of
productive anger about him this like
calm welcoming I haven't shut myself off
to the world kind of passionate it's
just like just like even everything that
he was saying just like having that and
radiating that kind of like harked back
to Evelyn's talked about just kind of
like turning up and being there
something that I read on that he said
was
try to explain what protesters can see
for like why should turn up to protest
well I couldn't do these things instead
and he's like protesting is telling the
truth in public and like obviously you
can go you should be doing all the
things to like actively change stuff but
protesting is part of that because it's
turning up and telling the truth in
public like and I used to go to lots of
protests and I've kind of seen quite a
few going on in London recently and been
like should I go might just one of this
like good people who just goes to
protest isn't reach Ange anything and I
you know I'm trying to do other stuff
too but I think that that line alone
made me go oh it definitely still go to
protest that's definitely still part of
changing chair thank you so much for
listening and I don't know what this
video was but I just wanted to like have
some thoughts on that and like record it
for myself because I feel like this
channel is also just my video diary of
like things that have affected me yeah
it was so nice to just connect to people
again and meet new people I for one I'm
guilty of living in my head in this like
US UK YouTube bubble and I think that
the conversations they're having there
are the only conversations that
happening and how YouTube is doing in
the UK is the only way is the only way
that YouTube is doing and it was so nice
to meet people from like Thailand and
India Ghana and Australia and just like
hear about the communities there hear
about what the conversations are there
get invited to come and like stay at
their house and they were just so
generous and bloody lovely and it just
gave me it gave me the warm feels and
reminded me that they're like but like
my storage beneath is that the most
people are good
most people are hurt but most people are
good you'll be seeing a lot more videos
and they tell me good because I had a
bit of a break in January of working on
a lot of stuff and trying to bright and
trying to do the writing thing because I
feel like I'm somebody who's always like
I'm a creative writer I always do the
writing but like I've actually been
getting down and doing the writing this
month so that's been really good but
you'll see more videos on this channel
very soon and thank you for watching
okay bye Birds No
broke out
