hey everyone so I just wanted to have a
little girly chat with y'all it doesn't
matter if you're not a girl I've had
many many girly shouts with many guys I
think of it more of a mode of
conversation rather than some kind of
gender specific activity it's quite late
at night and I've just been you know can
you keep me clicking away I've been
watching a lot of like body confidence
videos and I was like youtubers like the
ugly face of beauty and Megan Hart's
makeup and stuff and they're kind of
their different experiences of body
image and body parts their viewers and I
think I think they're really really good
YouTube's it just made me think about
body image in general why I've been
through what I haven't been through and
what I can identify with and what I
can't identify with I thought like to
say that I had exactly the same how I
guess a lot of people and every we still
do have quite a high notes and but at
the same time I feel very released from
those high notes like when I hear people
talk about them I understand what they
mean but I just don't think they but I
think they've come to factor a lot less
in my life and I just I'm just trying to
understand
people I think isn't that why you choose
browse by understanding people and I
just I just want to I just want
understand I want to chat with you about
or hear what you think and I just kind
of want to put it out there like what
what automatically comes to my mind it's
not necessarily my amazing opinion or my
great form like life greatly formed
thought but it's more like a what
instantly comes my eye when I watch body
confidence videos and perfect
imperfections tags and Born This Way
tags and other kind of YouTube
colloquial customs when I was growing up
yeah I didn't I did have a lot of
insecurities I did one of you popular I
worried every day whether I had the
physical attributes to be that popular
although I find it really and hard to
understand that that's small young
twelve-year-old in myself like I feel
like I feel like in some ways I still do
and even though I'm definitely not here
anymore
but if you're worried about being fat or
if you're worried about feeling ugly
like I want to ask you what that means
okay let's just say just just think to
yourself just please off your little
bubble you're in a world
imagine that you are fat imagine if you
realize that you are actually fat and
they were actually ugly though you
realize that the definition of beauty in
the world is definitely not correlating
with your face you spend your life
worrying whether it is or is what if you
decide that it is then what like we're
gonna do stop living I think the way
that I think about is sometimes I look
at myself and I'm like am i ugly nor if
I am how bad is that really like how
much is that going to impact my life
it's about unpacking the subconscious
behind your first thought so your first
toys am i ugly and your subconscious
toys what does it mean if I am ugly and
so maybe you're thinking subconsciously
I'm ugly therefore people won't like me
therefore when we get a good career
therefore I'm get boyfriend or
girlfriend is that really true do you
have do you have unconventional looking
friends don't you love them the same as
your beautiful friend have you dated
somebody that isn't exactly symmetrical
look at your own lives and see the
evidence and how how little consequence
there is if you are ugly and if you are
fat
it doesn't make you any less eligible
for love and I think it's that
realization I don't think I think I'm
any prettier than I did when I was 12
but I think I understand I think I
understand more what it means to be ugly
if I were to be ugly and it takes away
the fear of being ugly so I think I
understand more what it means where I to
be ugly and how much how little that
really impact my life and my opinion of
myself because your opinion of yourself
is formed from so much more than we see
in the mirror this is what I see the
mirror isn't just my my face oh I see
the eyes behind it I see the memories I
think the decisions I see the strengths
even though I even though it'd be nice I
don't necessarily need to see a pretty
face in the mirror every morning to know
that that day is going to be good you
just take a minute to think of all the
people in your life that don't look very
conventional and maybe you aren't thin
and maybe aren't pretty but a massively
important people in life in your life
people were successful in their careers
people who are loved people who are
happy
why can't that be you maybe being pretty
as a bonus maybe maybe you would just
side you are pretty that's great
maybe the decision doesn't need to be
made I just think it's the saddest thing
in the world and I've had friends with
eating disorders I've had friends who
have tried to commit suicide and it's
just beyond words how horrible and how
unnecessary and how sad being insecure
is being honest about yourself is one of
the most important things you can do be
honest about how you look is important
but being honest about how important
looks are in general is also a massive
factor what you think about your love if
being insecure and thinking therapy is a
massive part of your psyche a massive
part of your life is there I don't want
to be controversial here but if there
some kind of self-indulgence than that
even if you don't think you're very good
you're still thinking about you and
you're still considering how people see
you and how how how how good your life
is going to be because of how good you
look like is there not a slight feather
of unasyn that like I think that's the
same with me like I think every now and
then I'll just have a day where I'm like
I look horrible today and I will have a
bad day because of that and I'm really
ashamed of that and I hope you join me
being ashamed
that's very ridiculous like so you're
ugly so what does that mean you can't
benefit people does that mean you can't
laugh does that mean you can't dance
like what does it mean it is also
working on your idea of ugly in your
definition of ugly which will take some
years to change because there's a lot of
crap in the world and I think my my am I
very Jul kind of definition of what
pretty is because on one side I think
Lily Cole is one of us beat all women
I've ever seen but at the same time I
genuinely think that Miranda if you want
that for around BBC and I do think she's
pretty hot on her own away and so I feel
like my definition of beauty is changing
oh I think that takes years so I think
the kind of more immediate thing that I
try to do and is dr. pepper it what's
the worst that could happen oh my god
I've got a face like a poodle's laughs
oh is that so
I was thinking Friends of this guy in
the pub and we were in a like big social
situation was as friend I was making
friends live and he he was being really
really complimentary there's really
isn't really complimentary is that all
you're so pretty
oh how are you so pretty and you're so
nice and I was like I don't have phone
pretty now but and my own explanation
could be I wasn't pretty at school and
when you're not in the extremes are
being Keira Knightley gorgeous
or um Albert Einstein intelligent this
is massive gap in the middle you just
have to invent your own personality
horrible I know if you're not the
prettiest girl in school
excellent excellent you can make friends
with anybody because nobody is gonna be
threatened by you
nobody's gonna have any preconceived
ideas of what you should be expectations
can only go up from here
so I say well them for being ugly
if you decide you are but my massive
advice is not to decide because it
doesn't really matter just kind of
ironic because my channel is just a
channel I wouldn't call it a beauty
channel I definitely want to call myself
beating you or for those of you asking
for tutorials I'll try and one day but
I'm not really that great of putting on
makeup sorry
so I think that you might be waiting a
while for tutorials but I'll happily
like putting you in the way of people
who are good at putting on makeup
because I don't think I'm there yet
enough to really contribute anything new
to the beauty guru community tutorial
wise it's not making sense but yeah it
just it just made me think about body
image and stress and if you want me to
talk more about this and let me know if
you have any questions why Romero and
but yeah that's just my thoughts because
I just don't it's always interesting to
hear about how people think they look
ultimately I think it videos you more
interesting of people talked about what
they thought they could do or who they
thought they could be or who they
thought they were and who they thought
other people were and just kind of not
spending like spend your time in the
morning putting on your makeup
the day don't worry about it get some of
that Urban Decay all nighter spray on
your face and just don't worry about it
because that's your time to spend time
with yourself the rest of the day is for
everybody else and thanks for watching
I really appreciate you all and tuning
in and I I'm sorry if I haven't got back
to all of your comments I've been away
and I'll try and if I haven't answered
your comment it's a really important
question just say again I'll be on top
of it this time
but yeah thanks for watching but I
