Andrew much paper think about that
McLuhan he does this Andrew much fair
thing about ghoul taking this into exams
and getting a vigil a little bit and do
what you can even think about playing
for jobs to members Andrew but your
favorite think about anything Andrew
which bear thinking about the kitchen
the unbelievably snidey cut the reader
all that is like an adrenaline rush
every time I open it Andrew what's your
favorite thing about dad unbelievably
sliding a great rule that is like an
adrenaline rush once you even think
about food the unbelievably slide each
other ago what's your favorite thing
about the cinema taking this gonna do in
the row behind Andrew and Jewish
favoriting my hoodie Eddie yeah
there was nothing favored by only oh
there's a thing back and I'm like a
walking advertisement for the company
that read it in real life Kathy not
through the camera hey Andrew was
favorite thing about Christmas that
there are so many postcards the pace
people more email and get kind of backs
and sometimes they don't down the stamps
so i can i can cut them out and they're
pretty signal to the envelope and use
them again that's safe 66 p hey Andrew
yes Kathy what's your favorite thing
about Thursday's Thursdays this is I
have the afternoon off hey I'm do what's
your favorite thing about being 17 I can
ridicule the government for the fact
that I'm allowed to buy short matches in
carbon came from being at a 16 but not
long matches I'm not yet eighteen what
is your favorite thing about Scott
scarves my phone's girls are you doing
why there's nothing I like about that
Andrew we should baby thing about living
cheap envelopes everything about dying
yeah dad hopefully stop filming
afternoon filled filming me after undead
