hello and welcome to one of my favorite
places in London Hampstead Heath who
isn't it pretty
got the board of Rubik in my house so I
thought I'd tell you my top books of
2017 these are my favorites I would say
we the best we are the best but they're
my favorite books that I read in 2017
tour talk to those who are taking you
around
this is slowing why is there so much
violence in this world and why is it
affecting my art
since iceberg is why I am no longer
talking to white people about race this
year I was trying to read lots of more
books about this topic just because I'm
pretty freaking anger about it and this
one was definitely the best one I read
it was really clear ironically she is
talking to white people about race but
it's one of those books that I feel like
gave me a really good grounding rather
than just listening to people go racism
is shit and I go yes yes definitely
sound shit it's more of them it kind of
talks you through the reads that the
really basic strategies of persuading
other kind it's a really good thing if
you are a white person to kind of read
before you start asking your friends you
may not be white about race because I
think you should do some of the work on
your own reading is given a really good
basis for that and it's just actually
really funny as well I don't know why
but it was it's so well-written and so
and balanced and not like you know it's
it's not doom and gloom it's like here
in the facts here's what you can do with
them here's what you should know yeah I
highly highly recommend this and she
this is her first novel and I was so
excited to read as well and it's
definitely been one of the best books
I've read this year I listened to an
audiobook actually I have a physical
copy as well and and she like it's kind
of like quite like reading a book and
it's about how are you drug dealer and
this other girl who is a dancer and also
that's very daring look at this guy
how does he do it slow and steady this
is the height of Britishness also why is
he doing the breaststroke it's the 28th
of December the next one is every woman
by Jessica Phillips this is fucking
phenomenal Jess Phillips is our MP and
her Twitter feed is hilarious I really
recommend you watching anything she says
in Parliament's is all really like funky
and amazing and and to the point and she
used to work at women's charity so this
is her book about taking power be Norman
in Parliament intersectionality Monday
politics how she went from working in a
Women's Refuge charity to being an MP
and the journey she took that and like
kind of like her childhood and it's kind
of like not a memoir it's more of like a
manifesto and but it does take you to
her life as well and she's like bloody
hilarious she was one of I would just
laughed out loud so many times while
reading this and I think it is one of
the funniest politics books you could
read I'm super sure so
the next word is the art of gentle
protests the are so gentle protest by
Sarah Corvus if you listen to my podcast
you'd already have heard of Sarah
Corbett because she came in there and it
was super funny and amazing and this is
a book about and her journey with
crafting resumes how not to burn out as
an activist for how to be an activist
without being an extrovert and it's it's
so hands-on it's got so much to do in it
but it also really shares part of her
and it feels really likes vulnerable and
beautiful and I just bloody love the
crash of this movement so that's
something I've been getting into in 2017
with tracking our way back up a hill
because turns out it's really windy in
December so the next and I won't
recommend was steal like an artist I got
through information actually from area
with that it's a really short
illustrated and guide to the inspiration
to create again and the fear of trying
to make something original and then not
making anything at all it's really funny
it's beautifully illustrated my favorite
thing is this little table in it there's
like theft versus good for theft versus
bad theft a good theft is there to honor
study credit transform and remix above
deficits degrades him steal from
plagiarize it imitate and so yeah I was
really inspired by his book there was
beautiful it's really short
and it's all about being boring but also
like wanting to create something really
interesting based on the people that was
buying that's okay
oh hey remember me time hot it's quite a
few hours later because I don't know if
you could tell it was getting really
windy up there
so me and Craig were like oh we should
get some coffee shop and relax but we
ended up going to a charity shop Mike
some really good books and then we went
to the coffee shop we started reading
the books and we will pass this George
Michael shrine that we just had to look
at and anyway we've got kind of
distracted and then it got really dark
so I've come back home to do the last
book for you the last book is good buy
things on minimalist living I have read
car a few books on minimalism and watch
lots of TED talks and this is the one
that I think is the most straight
talking the one that I'd give to the
most amount of people and the one that I
found straightforwardly the most helpful
even though it's kind of like the most
extreme one but it was actually like the
most understandable because I feel like
this guy believes it and can talk about
it in lots of different kinds of ways I
don't know I just felt like he was the
least airy-fairy about it he's the
person who really clicked with me when
he was talking about and how giving away
possessions that used to love that don't
serve you anymore is giving away some of
your personas and stroking you back to
you really are rather than keeping
around these things that you building up
about who you are I really like this
quote from him he says I always see the
grass is greener next door but the grass
itself doesn't care if the person who
owns the grass is concerned about it
sometimes we even use chemicals to dye
the green grass so it matches our
neighbor's lawn but at some point that
grass is going to turn brown it's
naturally she destroyed because if it's
needless comparison he talks about like
how it's understandable that somebody
would want a big comfortable couch but
then thinking more widely about what you
belong and why your home really is so
he's like the city is a personal
floorplan my living room is a diner in
my neighborhood that has couches that
are always comfortable and inviting
not to mention clean and tidy more
eloquent advice and otherwise I've had
like discard any possessions that you
can't discuss with passion like he
impacts the impulse to warrant new
things and why we want them I just think
it's a really phenomenally well thought
out Burke
and I just believe him the most and he
talks about it you know I mean I just
feel like he I don't know talked about
like disregarding things is becoming a
skill it's something that you hone in
it's not like this act that you do it's
this way of being able to filter
possessions through your life in a more
effective way and like learning that as
a skill rather than this like one big
purge he talks about the Japanese
earthquake and how that affected his you
of minimalism and it's just it's really
really good it's just it's just been the
most useful in the one life kept around
the most because I'm like I wanna read
this again and probably making what
eloquent video on it log but this year
is the first year of read that and it's
really made a difference to me so I had
to include in the list anyway um I'm
uploading this on Year's Day so
hopefully you had a really good New Year
welcome to 2018 it doesn't it look
beautiful here nothing bad has happened
yet please tell me in the comments below
the best books you read in 2017 because
I'm making up my 2018 TV honest and your
books that you recommend could be on it
a quick unsentimental but slightly soft
message from me is that if you are
subscribed to my channel and you've been
watching my videos this year I really
genuinely appreciate it I've had such a
good year you two boys I think like I
have enjoyed it a lot and if I found a
lot of like things to talk about that
Jen you believe in and I feel like this
is the year that I have been the most
authentic ly me um and that's down to
like how you guys treat me as well and
how you respond to my videos and like I
think my like subscriber ratio to how
many people watch my videos it's like
amazing and I'm really honored that you
guys keep turning up you guys have also
been my cheerleaders this year even if
you've left a comment that's like I like
this video or this video wasn't bad has
really made a difference especially when
I made my crates for change video and
that was all about racism and the
British Empire in Britain and Britain
Britain first and the EDL criticizing
that I knew that I was gonna get a lot
of negative comments in my inbox and I
have got more threats and horrible
messages than I ever have in any other
year but just these like amazing little
messages that you gonna send me and like
nice ink
urging things you say really like our
presence in my inbox does not make sense
this year this year I feel like they've
been this real like good waiting that I
when I would log on and I see all these
like horrific messages but I also have a
vote of confidence in there and a vote
of like hi I watch your videos and I
like them I haven't come here from
reddit I have come here as a person who
wants to watch your videos like that's
that's been real saving grace for me in
some ways and I've tried to do that more
in other people's videos so I've
realized how much it matters just to
leave a comment there's like good video
it doesn't have to be anything eloquent
or anything amazing it's just like
showing your presence there and being
like I turned up here and I had a good
time yeah I don't usually do low
messages like that but I just thought I
would this year because it's been a
particularly cool year for meeting in
person a lot more of you guys and
chatting to you more in comments DM and
I think because of all of interesting
attention I've got because of that warm
video your overall reaction to the
channel and the input the you give me
and your new the back and forward that
you offer me is really bloody great ok
I'm gonna go to bed now but um I hope
everyone's wrapped up in bed and has tea
and the day of work hopefully and
something good to read 2018
let's have yeah let's let's up yeah what
have ya frogs know yeah
you
