hello and welcome to my floor of fun
except it's not fun it's a dysfunctional
relationship with the economy for
disclosure this video is gonna be me
talking about my relationship with
clothes and money whilst attempting to
throw out half my wardrobe ha a lot of
my wardrobe a lot of my wardrobe for a
long time I have had a fascination with
minimalist living because as I mentioned
before I'm not really on why I mean am i
I mean am i I'm kind of on the hipster
like hippy vegan socially aware train
but it also makes me feel uncomfortable
when people like I'm more about how they
look with that than they are about
actually doing it I rarely find it
refreshing to talk to people who are so
passionate about it that they make their
lives about it because then I'm like
well I don't want my life to look like
that I don't want to have to spend that
much time on that ideal because I don't
care about it as much as this person
who's done it dedicating their life to
it or throwing all of their time at it
so I'm not going to do it because I
can't see my life modeled like that and
I also wanted to watch minimalist videos
at the beginning because I hope that
they were wrong I hope that I'd be like
well you know everything in moderation
some stuff it's good I'm feeling into an
economy that is generally helping
everybody even though like some people
get less and some people get more but
really it all works out in the end right
and I watched these videos and I read
these books and it made me see things
very differently and while I went into
it one of you to be wrong I realized
they were way more right than I was
hoping and this video is the
accumulation of that so what you're
seeing is everything my own now I have
been going through my stuff very
methodically and getting rid of stuff
this whole past year the 2017 is
definitely been a year of me evicting
clothes in my life because clothes don't
pay rent so why should they stay but
recently in these months come up to 2018
like what I've been seeing people doing
like their 30 before 30 lists and all
these achievements I'm like you know I
don't feel like I even have
in my head for what I want or to make
these goals because I'm so clogged up
with and I mean the in my body
the in my house I just feel like I
feel like an adult at the end of get
your own back the one that lost the one
I feel like the a lot was lost and I
want to win again
I've way less than I ever had in my life
but I still want to have less I still
feel like I'm making too many decisions
in the morning I feel like I'm too
worried about whether I've lost
something I just think I spend too much
time on washing and I'm just like this
is annoying me now this is not
benefiting me
so the aim I think is to only have five
items of every type of clothing which is
still a lot another thing that Ward's me
off doing this kind of thing is the
capsule wardrobe fad this this like
obsession with having a certain number
of clothes and them all fitting together
because part my personal style if you
haven't noticed is that I don't really
like things fitting together I don't
really want things to match part of my
style is things not matching the creases
kind of like obsessive structural like
right and wrong clean or dirty way of
like organizing your wardrobe so don't
want to do that I don't I know that I'm
a person who mostly wears trousers
sometimes wear skirt likes a good dress
every now and then and really enjoys a
good pair of dungarees but I only have
one pair of dungarees so that should be
quite simple you'll see that I love
color but I also have this tempting like
me to wear black a lot because it just
it's making me feel way more prepared
for life and way more like a blank
canvas and less like oh my clothes are
shouting at me I have a weird a
relationship with self-expression but
I'll go into that more about the place
so just to give you a quick tour you
won't believe how many times I've tried
to put this off with myself
mainly because I'm like oh well maybe I
wait all my clothes are clean whoever
has all of their clothes in their
wardrobe clean at the same time that's
what this doesn't happen before solution
brought out all my dirty clothes
yeah they smell they smell of it but
there's a solution to that I reckon I
need to wash most the stuff I own anyway
so we're just going to mix up the day
with the clean wash everything I'm gonna
give away wash everything I'm keeping
we'll go we'll just go from there so
we've got trousers and jeans which I
think should be one category skirts
jackets leggings and t-shirts and work
out some pajamas jumpers and warm things
dresses coats play suits and dungarees
and this is the piloting style so while
I sort out this pile which is my dirty
pile gonna be putting all my dirty stuff
in with the clean stuff so that we know
where everything is and we can start
while I'm doing that I'm gonna tell you
a little bit about my relationship I
don't always like in the country that
you live in in the country like I live
in everything is burning oh wait that's
every country in the country I live in
we wear uniforms in all of our schools
in fact the posture the school is the
more likely you are to have a stricter
uniform I went to a state school that
means I underpaid for it the government
did it wasn't like intelligence tested
anyone could go but we did still have
quite a strict dress code we had to wear
shirts and ties and I despised it
because I thought I was an art student
in my heart and I felt that I had the
right to express that and I should wear
whatever I wanted which is one of the
only topics but I still stand with 14
year old lean on
I completely agree uniforms are
up but that's a that's a different video
I don't know if everyone else has
experienced this but it resulted in me
fixating quite obsessively and now I
look back in quite an unhealthy way not
that society accepts that it's okay but
I think it's still very unhealthy way of
obsessing about the clothes that I wore
when I wasn't at school I was obsessed
about how to get hold of them I was
obsessed when I had them about how I
looked in them how I could alter them or
improve them or sew them I was obsessed
with getting hold of magazines that
would show me new versions of these
clothes give me new ideas so that I
could make how I felt on the inside look
how I did on the outside so everyone
know that I was super interesting and it
just it just took up a lot of my teenage
years okay
and another thing is that like I feel
like when you're kids you you really
don't have any control over over the
stuff that you have or you know that and
actually my parents are really good they
gave me control over how I kept my stuff
and and like you know that emphasizing
that stuff was mine and I didn't have to
pay them back for it and that they gave
it generously and unconditionally but it
was also this thing of like you know
that acquisition you you wanted to be
the person to get the thing and and you
wanted it to be yours and your choice
and that was part of being an individual
so they gave me a clothing allowance and
I was like 16 I think they gave me like
30 pounds a month or something which was
loads like hashtag privilege I'm so
grateful and I don't always like try and
make that go as far as possible I wanted
to change up my look all the time and I
wanted to look really cool and I used to
go to Tammy girl all the time to the
sales and I try and get tops for like
two pounds three pounds four pounds or I
try and buy huge clothes that didn't fit
me and then modify them with a sewing
kit to try and make them into these like
cool individual pieces because I'm an
individual but I wanted everyone to know
and to be fair when you're in school
there isn't many waves of people knowing
that you're different or that you're you
are you you feel like you're in this
regimented like system that you're being
chewed up into and spat our oh wait I
think we are anyway and I got fixated on
trying to get the best and most colorful
clothes for the smallest price possible
because the more clothes like got the
richer I could feel even though there
wasn't as rich as some of my friends or
I wasn't as rich as the people I saw in
the magazines it led me to think very
angry unrealistically about how much
Kurt clothes cost and also how much time
you should spend looking after them
because generally the clothes I bought
for 2 3 4 5 6 pounds and would break a
lot but because my floozie whimsical
teenage tastes change so much it didn't
really matter to me meanwhile the world
is looking at me silently like ok
thought worn over jumpers I've got a lot
of synthetic jumpers because the more
synthetic there
I found the warmer they are a really Lux
cream on with my hair I've been trying
to buy Fairtrade so much and I've been
trying to buy secondhand so much and for
some reason I was just having one I was
day and I went into H&M and I saw that
these jumpers were on sale five pounds
each and they were so punchy and great
and I had to go to this fancy thing
where I didn't think I was gonna fit in
so I was like I'm just gonna buy these
crazy jumpers then everyone unknown I
don't wanna fit I've got this more
mature number that's inside out it's
like a cream knitted mmm I don't know
like I look kind of like considered and
profession in it even though lot of
powers happen this is a really old
jumper I got from a charity shop and
I've recently tried to modify by adding
a patch to it which I thought would make
me look really brandy melville and like
oh so cool
but actually makes me look like a feral
child that just went to the dentist so
we can guess the fate of that one I've
got this huge fluffy cardigan I got from
pound from a Welsh charity shop and I
bloody love it
I've got this very cool cardigan and
I've got this huge I bought the X L
snuggly Fairtrade jumper from green belt
this year which is so warm I've got this
rainbow thing
the advert from brandy melville actually
and I really like it do I like it this
is the problem so I want to keep five
and I've got one two three four five six
seven eight nine everything in me is
telling me not to get rid of this even
though I don't enjoy wearing it most of
the time I think cuz it cost me a lot it
gets really stained really easily cuz
it's this light colour and I have to
wait to wash it with light things all
the time
there's gone it's gone it's gone does
not does not spark joy really Condit
with me proud I have to say I
love these jumpers I think they're
brilliant and they're so like I just I
love her I'm keeping both of it I don't
I'm keeping both of those to see I love
this have so many good days in this
maybe it's not a sentimental okay I'm
gonna get rid of this not because it's
not cool doing is I think somebody else
would have a better time in it and I
haven't had a you know I've never put so
on gone yet the day for me
one this another thing I love the idea
of and whenever
like trying to put outfits together I'm
like yes that will make this outfit pop
and it's more of a good I'll free that
this I've just got from Greenbelt
festival which I made a video about plug
plug and it's so warm and you can kind
of wear it as a dress if you feel like a
little bit of a floozy so let's keep
that and this is this is my one true
pairing oh my god I'm wearing a jumper
this is a disaster hold on yeah I bought
this because I think this is my favorite
color Purple's my favorite color and
this is my favorite type of purple but
this isn't my favorite shirt and like
just cuz I own this jumper doesn't mean
that I don't own the color and I don't
what stupid reason to have a jump go
children we have come on to Section two
skirts I used to be a huge skirt person
that's my new twitter buy a huge skirt
person I think trousers used to be
really limiting and like make people who
are curvier like me feel really
uncomfortable and H to hit here on the
belly button but thankfully high-waisted
jeans are back in and everybody over a
size 8 is like hailing in this new era
because it's so joyous and if people
tried to make high-waisted jeans out of
fashion again I swear to god there will
be an RV office okay so we've got huge
maxi skirt eyewear through all of the
summer even though why would you wear a
black skirt and summer I've got this
rather fetching skort it is a skirt
short we've got this brightly colored
thing which I adore and I've worn
probably about 120 million times weird
this is weird
trumpets trumpets foxes on it what what
not to blow my own horn better I look
really good Matt what I did look really
good in it I'll take the truth it
doesn't actually do up at the moment
okay here's the other thing I have did
anybody else have this they have a phat
box the case my fat box I used to have
under my bed was a box that I've had
since I was about 11 where I'd always
add stuff it didn't quite fit but could
fit not only did I outgrow stuff and
then
think I'll slim down I've got fat I'll
get back into that even though I was
growing and I was growing hips um but it
was stuff I bought that was a size
smaller that I was to motivate me to
lose weight
does anybody did anybody else do that
does anybody else see how insane that is
when there are people who actually fit
those clothes living out in the world
who could wear them and enjoy them and
since when did anybody say to you uh-huh
oh you look great and you lost weight
and you a new guy yeah actually I did
you know why because I was really great
skirt that had to fit into and that is
my secret to weight loss No
then nobody ever rainbow skirt oh my god
this is the warmest thing ever I can
wear this without tights in winter in it
I'm still so warm and it's a skirt
anybody else join me in this skirts with
pockets they're like busses that come
once a year in the country you jump on
them and you can't let them go I've got
this black skirt because I feel like
every girl should have a black skirt is
that true I don't know this is also
really flattering on me look at me with
the self-confidence like um I've got
this denim skirt and it's a get it's
literally the same an identical pattern
to this black one identical because I
feel like every girl should own a denim
skirt what is this every girl should own
dot dot dot trinny and Susannah have a
lot to answer for this is my I have an
interview or I'm worried that you'll
judge me pencil skirt which actually
makes me feel really comfortable even
those pretty body corner and it's from
American Apparel soda it's not sweatshop
Urban Outfitters skirt easy-access is it
am i right and I've got this mini skirt
so how many forgot seven eight nine I've
been thinking about getting rid of this
every time I wear it it doesn't make me
feel good and I can't really explain why
I've just stopped feeling good in this
and it still fits just like but then I'm
worried that I'll never find something
like it again and that's the kind of
thing of like you keep something around
she's like oh never gotta find it again
hoarded stuff when I was like poor at
university and stuff because I was like
oh what if I didn't get a job after uni
and I can't afford anything ever again
I'm gonna need to keep everything
just in case because I had low
self-confidence and also low confidence
in the economy um but not that person
now and I could find a denim skirt that
I'm happy and I'm sure at some point if
I ever wanted one I'm just gonna you
know it's just it's just gonna go
because that all those two ones have
gotten that pattern gonna keep this
black one because everybody needs a
staple black skirt and this is so common
I love this guy
this Ramos girl has to ask hello I'd
weigh you every day if that was socially
acceptable is it socially it kind of is
socially I'm gonna weigh you every day I
love all these spirits I'm so upset I
love this I love this okay I've already
excited I'm getting rid of this coat I
own three four coats and while that's
under the five mark I still think that's
like too much considering how many
people don't have anything and it's like
I only have one body in worn bloody I'm
always like I should have a fancy coat
in case I need to look fancy while
outdoors and I'm like the only things
that I can think of for that I like
funerals at which point I wouldn't wear
a green it is a really nice jacket
though it's I got it from a charity shop
it's originally from River Island but it
looks like it needs a dry clean and I
see BA with that and it's also one of
those ones that like almost too small
for me so I go like ah with it you know
anybody else he's a bit chubby have that
were you just like honest fits me and
chilly one across they are just a
chapter another reason I wanted to get
rid of my stuff Charles Dickens wrote A
Tale of Two Cities about London and I
know that the capital cities have a
reputation of having two worlds in them
holding two worlds Two Truths and
together as one and and one is the
success and the promise of finding a
career in the job that you love in the
city and finding people with amazing
ideas and energy and powerful companies
that you can work with and do amazing
things with and have you know sky's the
limit budgets and that's what I came to
London for I was very much a dick
whittington who was like going to go to
London and find my fortune but there's
so many
or so visibly in a city who don't have
very much and I have to walk under this
bridge every morning and this has at
least five or six people living
underneath it and I try and give them
food and money and and help them out and
I try and give money to the charity that
helps them in London but I like one
person and I I feel that the way I live
and the way that we all live is only
gonna make more people like that if you
even help the ones that you meet without
trying to sound holier than now or I
have a dream I I just think that I have
to admit the way that I live is so
unsustainable and what I buy and what I
try and replace and add to in my life
takes away from somebody else's that's
just then was the fact that was the
brakes call me a korbinite but I just
think that everything you do does have a
direct effect on everybody else even if
you don't think it does or even if you
have a right to to play the system and
you know I I just feel terrible about
how necessary I've made clothes in my
head and how you know obviously I need a
pair of clothes to wear so that I'm not
breaking the law by being naked in
public and get fined because that
wouldn't be smart business since I
probably mean another pair to put in the
wash so that I'm always clean I probably
need a few different pairs for different
occasions I have to go to or things I
need apart from that when I wear
different clothes everyday it's mainly
because I want to feel different on that
day this applies differently to
different people but generally if you're
working for a company or if you're
working in a normal job most of your
days they're gonna look the same even if
you do different for different things
different campaigns different you're
making different choices a lot of your
days look the same you're sitting at the
same desk you're seeing the same people
and I use my clothes sometimes to make
me feel like I'm having a different day
and I can make myself feel like that in
the morning so it makes me feel better
when I go into work and have the same
day and I love my days at work they're
fun they're they're funny they're
they're interesting but they're similar
I want to think about my life more and I
make experiences outside of my job that
make my days different very them from
day to day I want to have thoughts and
and think more about the stuff I'm
reading and and make that what's
different about my day I want to try and
progress myself and try and progress my
life so that my life keeps looking
different and fresh and more like how I
want it to look I don't want to use my
clothes like I think I am too clogged
that I don't want to keep trying look
fresh and different and try something
experimental with my clothes because it
costs so much and it's and I'm always
like I don't have any money or like you
know I'm struggling for money at the
moment I haven't got that much savings
and you know while I'm really careful
with money it seemed to have all these
clothes so I didn't seem to be that poor
and it's a story that I think we all
tell ourselves in our head that we're
like oh struggling for money when
actually most of us probably have enough
to do the stuff that we really want to
do but we don't have enough money to do
everything and for me clothes isn't
something I really want to do anymore
not that I'm gonna streak in the street
it's not something I want to focus on
anymore it's not something that
fascinates me as much as the other
dreams and plans I have in my head so
part of this is me emitting to myself
that I can't do everything but I can do
some things and symbolically this is me
stopping doing something that isn't as
important it's not you know if you love
clothes and clothes are one of the main
five focuses of your life by all means
do a Carrie Bradshaw and own absolutely
bloody millions of them
Carrie Bradshaw this is how out of touch
I am Carrie Bradshaw but that's not
that's not me act like a man that's not
me it's not me so I think this means a
lot to me symbolically
even if it's making me a bit like oh I
really like that thing it's like well
you need to give it to a charity shop so
they can make money so they can give it
to homeless people sorry sorry about
your life
Lena your dick end okay that's let's
have you as well a couple bottoms we're
gonna keep one two three four seven and
I want it I want to have five that's
what I want first on the ark
ah these two babies I got them both in a
charity shop for seven pounds each at
the same time and there must be somebody
wandering around Westminster who is my
shape and size exactly and has more
money than me because these are
beautiful chiffon chiffon volune
trousers they're pegleg they're soft
they've got pockets but I wear them for
work but I'd also totally wear them
casually because they're really comfy
and they kind of feel like Genie
trousers wow I'm really managing to talk
about clothes quite proficiently maybe I
will become a beauty blogger no that's
not the point and the minimalism think
oh yeah god I love these trousers like
so many good times in these trousers in
fact I had so many good times in these
trousers my thighs ate them and I've
been meaning to fix them for ages but
actually I think I already have these
chinos and these serve the same purpose
that these did yeah just I just think
then no longer me but they would totally
mean for such a long time and I loved
being that me these jeans should stay
with me forever because I wear them so
much when I really couldn't afford it I
saved up all my wages from this bar that
I worked in at university to buy these
jeans and they're the biggest size that
American Apparel do and they don't fit
me and if you can tell by the fact they
don't even as big as my bloody boobs I
always thought that I wonder once you
know a woman wants actually in a video
and I took them off straight after I I
think I walked around town for like 10
minutes and I walked around town for an
afternoon in them and I had just let
 afternoon because it will hit too
tight and I just I didn't admit it to
myself I haven't worn them since and
that was 2010 somebody's gonna look so
good in these jeans and hopefully the
charity shop is gonna notice that
they're American Apparel and sell them
for loads of money and and that would be
really cool for them so commit this
hurts I'm gonna do that that's what that
for pairs of trousers left
I don't think I've got enough jump seats
to have to hear it everyone
Danny wasn't sure about are these huge
pair of huge places it's really stretchy
and comfy but I recently saw myself in a
picture that somebody took of me at work
in these and I looked stupid but I still
think they're so comfortable and they're
like such a cool color jumpsuit /
Hungary saw spaces they done dresses I
don't think this is gonna be that hard
either I got rid of so many of my
dresses 1 2 3 4 5 6
never start off with a quick fire round
jackets this is my jacket it's the only
jacket I've ever really loved and I got
this when I was 14 in H&M for 1499 and I
were I'm now 27 and I have worn this
every year a lot of days since let's cut
like a biker jacket but it's made out of
this stretchy like material and it's
just really warm and cozy and flattering
and I don't care what the fashion is I
wear this always we're going to talk
about cost per wear that's just my
jacket it goes everything um
now top by putting that because there
what's next is tops and yeah another
thing I wanted to talk about when it
came to clothes was this like worried
that if you get rid of clothes you won't
have choice and I think there's like
this like fear this either chronicled in
films but like overly or it's made up by
the films but it's this moment in every
woman's life where they have to go
somewhere that they're really nervous
about and it's really important and
they're like I've got nothing to wear
and we buy clothes so that that moment
will stop arriving us often what I've
realized is however many clothes I've
had with me in my life that has always
happened anyway and it doesn't really
matter how many clothes like own
and I still that's still a thing that
happens and that's not because I don't
have the right thing it's because I
don't feel right and trying to find the
perfect outfit like there do in the
films and they emerge from the bathroom
and everyone's like that's the dress
that's what you gotta wear it just
doesn't happen that way and it's so
stupid and I've realized that I actually
stress a lot as to whether I've made the
right decision in the morning whereas if
I only own stuff that I loved and I knew
I look good in I wouldn't be spending
all this bloody time worrying about what
I was wearing and slip this into tops
tops and shirts because I like to wear
shirts to work even though I work in a
publishing house which is full of art
art art Lee people who are chilled about
dress code and lots of women so it's you
know when I used to work in a very male
environment I felt pressure to dress up
a lot because they all wear dress shirts
but Who am I kidding I'm not doing that
so many tops
oh man I'm kind of dreading this I'm
also like believe in why I'm doing it
and like passionate etc oh hey it well
impassionate okay Angels and Airwaves
are my favourite band when you another
impulse that I have is if I really love
something I want to own something that
is associated with the thing so I can
show me how much I like the thing which
is really cool but actually I really
like that t-shirt that much I just like
the fact that it is Angels and Airwaves
I don't think I look that cool in it and
it's I didn't buy it from a concert so I
don't have any emotional attachment to
it it's got this is a dress it's a
really nice dress trust me 19 20 21 22
23 24 okay I think it's realistic to cut
this down try and cut this down to 10
because I think that five is a bit
ambitious and I feel like I'm gonna
regret it too fast and want to buy more
how we're gonna do this yeah if I have
ten that I love
and then think about how I feel in those
when I'm wearing them and and see if I
can wiggle it down to five later
am I making excuses for myself yes oh my
god I have so many good nights out in
this I'm gonna have I'm gonna have more
good night sir I loved it I shall wear
this as a normal top this isn't normal
huh look ahead that's that's good look I
just makes me so happy to look at and
keeping this keep I love it but I barely
wear it and also if I want to achieve
this look like the white t-shirt look I
wear this Handmaid's Tale white t-shirt
that I tuck into jeans and roll up and
it looks really cool it says don't let
the bastards get you down in Latin it's
important to recognize sometimes that
you have two things that serve the same
purpose and you're like if I was in this
mood I just need to reach for that and
that is my decision I don't need this
it's not harder than I thought would be
um this has served me so well I've had
this like six years seven years I never
want it so much but it's getting kind of
bubbly and I think I've had my time with
it
I wore it the other day to work and I
was like I think of me in this chatter
over we had a good time we taught each
other a lot I'm okay I'm okay
do you ever buy the same kind of top
because you found it and you're like
it's a Holy Grail I need it in every
color yeah I have that it's also really
hard to admit when you've made choices
that you're like that was a good
decision for like ten minutes then it
wasn't they brought out Wonder Woman
they were selling eyes of Wonder Woman
stuff in Primark and this is something
really cheap and I again I'm really
trying to buy Fairtrade but every now
and then I'll just wander in and pick up
something I just you know I feel
like something new it's such a silly
impulse but anyway I bought this Wonder
Woman body see I feel kind of cool in it
I'm just gonna sit in this for a bit and
see if I feel good about it but I think
I do miss la fille and my favorite band
I've got to stop attaching this fear to
clothes where I'm like I'm keeping this
because I love the thing that it stands
for because I already gave the money to
the band and I already showed them that
I really appreciate their music and it's
so stretched and worn I mean it's really
really flattering but my body is a
flattering place to be so it's
unsurprising but it's
it's not really like an arrogant and I'm
not I'm more like fighting against my
own head that's like you only look good
in these clothes you don't actually look
good you only look good in these certain
clothes so you need to keep the clothes
so you keep looking good because
otherwise people will realize that
you're ugly and fat that is literally
the monologue that still goes on in my
head sometimes but that I need to buy a
black polo neck long sleeved top that is
really long-lasting and fair trade and I
can wear all the time this is not that
this is a cheap polo neck black top that
makes me feel really self-conscious
because it's quite see-through so
whenever I wear stuff with it oh my god
we're gonna see my boobs no don't know
and it's really bubbly cuz it's really
cheap and I got it from a charity shop
and I'm you know somebody's kind of worn
it in and then you worrying so much they
almost dies that's what's happened with
this and it is really flattering but I
just think that I like black polo neck
tops and I need to buy a quality one
that will last
instead of buying lots of the same thing
and wearing it out and then putting it
in landfill three four five six seven
eight not nine one two three four five
six seven eight nine win I only
have seven shirts and I was gonna say
I'm gonna keep ten we actually only have
seven okay I did it I've got rid of so
much stuff I'm so tired
I am not acknowledging the fact they
haven't made a decision about this
Wonder Woman bodysuit because I also
have no reason thank you so much for
watching this weird ass video I wanted
to show not a perfect wardrobe clear out
not a how-to for somebody who knows what
the hell they're doing but a thought
process and a way of thinking about
clothes that is hopefully something
doesn't need to absorb loads of your
time or life but will hopefully like
free up more of your
conscience in your life to like think
about more important if you have a
complicated relationship with clothes -
I would love to hear about it in the
comments and I will see you in the
comments below and also in my next video
please subscribe when yeah well yes
there are never covered take do it thing
oh yeah
