Monday's child works Tuesday's child
stays home many / Wednesday's child has
nowhere to go
Thursday's child have a defensive
finings child has given a head start by
her folks
Saturday's child works for the man for
not blokes and the child was born on the
Sabbath day is line and proud either way
the
good morning so I don't know if this is
just me but I'm always caught in the
loop of wondering whether a nine-to-five
is a blessing or a curse you see I found
an industry I bloody love that
fascinates me I found a job I really
enjoy I found a company that treats me
really nicely and publishes amazing
books but there's always that niggling
championing of the freelancer of the
free life the open road the wanderlust I
become obsessed with off-the-grid van
living videos and I've become obsessed
with my friends amazing careers where
they freelance so they're either
full-time youtubers or they do other
creative things and they work for
themselves but at the same time that's
just not my life and that's not a lot of
people's lives and I think sometimes
judgey arty
teenage me would have been like oh my
god I can't believe you work in an
office every day and I could just go to
and you work for you work for the man
and and it's I realized it's a lot more
nuanced than that and I wanted to make a
video or maybe a maybe a theory of um
talking about the five to nine because
there's so much that I get as somebody
who's a creative person in their spare
time I get to do some really cool things
in the evenings and the weekends though
while I can't like daily vlog because
like what most adults can't daily vlog
that's ridiculous most people are at
work get it it's been I don't consider
it to be undermining of the creative to
not be able to make money from it
full-time most people can't become very
passionate about that being okay for me
and my brain in some ways have become
really grateful for that income I know
that will come in every month in that
source of fulfillment and and and like
measurable achievement I get from a
nine-to-five job for so many people were
like working full-time as a necessity
it's something that everybody it's
something that most people need to do
for whatever reasons they have and
that's the reality and that's okay I
thought I could use these videos to
document
the other person I am outside of work
the other stuff I do which is basically
everything that's on this channel a lot
of people get caught up in what their
career is gonna be in like how they can
make their degree pay itself back
spoiler alert it will never pay itself
back I think there's a tendency to get
caught up in that like what's my job
gonna be and actually what I should have
been picturing at uni is what is the
rest of my life like outside of work as
well like how can I make that you know
something that I look forward to and
something that I'm excited about
something that sustains me mentally if
time is a privilege and while I have
less time to be creative in my own stuff
and some people have a bloody great time
of it and yeah I just wanted to I guess
show that little bit because me six
years ago would have pretty appreciated
about something it didn't occur to me to
think about so yeah here's some pickles
sell me your wares make some pottery in
my spare time so loads has been
happening since I last started telling
stuff to the camera in this vlog east
Isle way and the last time I just kind
of like kind of talked about my life I
think I was redoing this ridiculous ass
challenge that I set myself making 40
videos during Lent things have happened
I have moved in with my boyfriend
what's more cliches that we met through
YouTube listen John I've got a concept
I've known a solution I'm just a
fucked-up girl to whom I own peace of
mind
don't assume New York's happened my
brother got engaged
that was super cute I'm gonna be best
man at the wedding provided apparently
on the one bravado that I don't rap the
best man speech I'm devastated
devastated my amazing friend Jenn
brought out two books and I got to go
for the launch of one in this cozy
little bookshop and then I got to host
an event for the second one I was her
interviewer at her waterstones which I
don't have any video of but I do have
some flashy pictures and I got to meet
some of you guys and it was really nice
the first one is Frank
flying book shop which is a kids book
about a dragon who has a book shop on
his back oh my god and so if you do have
like little tykes and other people's
children or maybe even your own to buy
books for Christmas this one is so pure
and then she also wrote the beginning of
the world in the middle of the night
which is a short story collection magic
family lost souls and superstition if
you like grace keepers cut by Kirsty
logan angela carter AS Byatt this is the
kind of this is this is the this is
the lunar this is the it's very
sprightly condensed imaginative prose if
it was an object it would be glitter
with unexpectedly sharp edges other
things that happened I was allowed to go
behind the scenes my favorite musical
Wicked
I went on a twist around about this a
while ago but I bloody love wicked I
wrote my undergrad dissertation on the
book wicked by guru McGuire and I think
it's this wonderful rich portrayal of a
really strong female character who cares
about politics and inclusion more than
she cares about boys it is really rich
in subtext and political persuasion and
I love it so I was really
honored to be able to go behind the
scenes and I tried on the elf over her
and I cried a little bit
where's Hanna got to go up in the bubble
what the what the and see ya
thank you - this is a hundred cent not
spawn but thank you so much to the team
at wicked and for showing us around that
was like literally probably one of the
highlights of my life no big we're
playing it down they were playing it
down because it's not cool to go into
things I also got to meet Margaret
Edward kind of and that was probably a
very small moment in her day and a huge
bookmark in my life
meeting your hero reality's also a huge
struggle in my life at the moment is
snoring
apparently I saw which regice fact if
Lee explains a lot about my single life
and presently causes me a little bit of
distress so this is Craig I moved in
with him recently he hasn't slept since
we started dating
we have tried several things I tried the
usual things like steaming my face
before bed I tried and I did try
sleeping with a sock in my mouth all
night not gonna lie I spent an
extraordinary amount of money on
different kinds of anti snore sleeping
products these being the example you
stick a minion is supposed to help it
happens a little bit the excitement of
which was slightly reduced by the time
that Craig did get to sleep I woke him
up about an hour later in a panic
because it got stuck my nose Rheum real
cliff so after more frantic googling to
save my only just pretty good love life
we found the answer
now most great answers to big problems
aren't always what you wanted then
always pre they're not always the dream
this is our answer to mine or kinda
smells like ass I should probably wash
that anyway that's what's going on in my
life as you guys might have seen I
released a creates for change project as
I am and it's the lectured creatures for
change with YouTube working with YouTube
and vice I'm on that and I've been doing
some more work on that behind the scenes
I can't show you those things some
really fancy stuff going on so that's
really cool here's the thing about full
time though without sounding like I'm
going for a Grammy and is like a really
excellent and opportunity and I was like
genuinely really like honored and happy
to be part of that but the reality of
full time office life means that some of
my other projects that I was very
excited by it got put on the back burner
which is totally fine but also probably
looks weird from the outside so one of
them was my podcast that I launched
called I'm not being funny but the
podcast where we ask the questions you
pretend you knew the answers to all the
ones you didn't think to ask release
three episodes of that and then got so
swept up in this small time that I do
have outside of work doing creates for
change stuff that I didn't get to carry
on with the podcast now now I have like
recorded seven episodes or something so
I'm gonna be starting releasing this
again in December so that's really
exciting I'll continue to communicate
with some smaller amount of you on this
thing called the gumption Club which is
a patreon only secret Facebook group
where I talk about creativity so I've
been live streaming up there oh my god I
also just read this amazing book hold on
read any YN ages and I got sent this not
about the cover I would never have
picked this up if I hadn't been pitched
to it by very talented publicist it's
set in present-day London where there is
an East End bomber the police haven't
found him and this is about a teenage
girl who is struggling with her identity
she lost her mum a very very young age
has been brought up by her brother and
his boyfriend it explores social
responsibility and politics with
background of coming of age and like her
brother's boyfriend runs like a hippie
organic politically active vegan kind of
coffee shop and it's written by a
bookseller who works at Houseman's
bookshop which is what are really great
like political bookshop in London but I
love nicking his cross and I was really
impressed by this I thought it touched
on a lot of issues that a lot of way
doesn't all the characters are really
well fleshed out I was really impressed
by this some excellent publishing some
excellent writing I liked I liked it
1:21 I love to dream I was hoping one in
kind somehow I could get up steam to
welcome work of any kind
what's joonas burn the midnight lap with
our mission as they go I love to be a
gay trap a great adventure right to the
stellosphere home tonight
fill the mold wine in your hand try to
forget but it all tonight for don't
bring around the clouds to rain on my
parade
