Wow Miette eyebrows have turned up for
this video
me and my eyebrows I give it give you
some travel tips that I wish I'd known
when I had started traveling first one
the first one I always fail at probably
because I'm an entitled white girl who
thinks they can go anywhere it's
checking the visa regulations of the
country you're going to every single
time I've been to the US just like this
trip I have almost forgotten to apply
for my Esther and Esther is a really
simple form and application process you
need to go through before entering the
u.s. even if you're going for like five
hours it takes 72 hours to get approved
and you can't check in for your flight
without one they're super simple to do
it's just that I usually go to countries
where you don't need that so it's
something that I always forget to
consider unless you've done something
weird in the past or of America
in some way you should you should be
fine but you need to you need to do it
other countries so when I've been to
Egypt I had to get loads of like shots
so make sure if you're going to somebody
you haven't before that you've checked
that out the second thing when you're
getting on your bloody flight for the
love of all humans everywhere
patia liquids in a bag put all the
liquids in a bag put all your liquids in
a plastic bag before queuing up for
security the temptation is to pack it
with everything else and make sure it
fits so nicely with it other towards
trees know these things always remain in
this bag away from everything else and
always at the top of my bag I nearly
missed my flight yesterday because so
many adults in the queue before me had
put things in two bags not put them in a
bag at all not done it properly and I
was just like grown-ups am i right
things that might not immediately stick
out to you as liquids but do count as
liquids deodorant foundation toothpaste
and the thing I always almost forget
contact lenses contact lenses if you use
disposable contact lenses they have
water in them you have to put them in
and yes you are any allowed one bag of
liquids that's called science lots of
adults are trying to get three just cuz
they put them all in bags they thought
they could take three bags and it was I
was getting a Lord of the Flies style
mood I swear to God
next thing never count on being able to
charge your stuff this is the first time
I've ever been abroad where somebody
else has paid for my hotel and I'm so
excite those has these USB charges oh my
god in all my years of travel
I've never seen that and I've depended
on this when I first started traveling I
started getting a plug for each country
I went to and then I realized that that
was ineffective and I got this little
baby which I love so in the front you
can put a US plug so in the front you
can put your UK plug or I think other
plugs in there as well and in the back
you can either put a u.s. plug a
European plug or face a UK plug and you
can assemble them or disassemble them as
necessary they're really lightweight I
have one on me at all times when I'm
traveling and don't wait to get to the
place that you're going to buy one
because they'll be really expensive to
get them in the place that you live and
get them so they adapt to every country
the next thing is layers outside of my
window right now I can see snow snow
it's no joke it's no joke but outside of
my window it is frosting and I was not
expecting that I usually travel with not
very much at the moment I've got a 19
litre rucksack with me which didn't
leave room for many jumpers so a saving
grace that I actually bought when I used
to work at Coventry Cathedral and it was
freezing and M&S thermal vests the rules
are really tiny he looked like a really
fly grandma but it's a really versatile
way of keeping warm and not taking up
much room in your bag even if you're
going to a hot country you never know
when you're gonna get stuck somewhere
with an insane amount of aircon as a
British person I'm just not used to
aircon at all so I'm like what the hell
is this a nice piece of advice because
I've spent so many hours and so many
random countries running and wandering
around with a paper map it's downloading
your map to your phone so you can access
it offline it's really easy like these
it's really easy on Google Maps do it
before you go if you want or do it when
you're having your morning coffee in the
hotel I know you can buy data when
you're abroad or you can use it and pay
the really expensive fees but I actually
really like being offline when I'm
outdoors and it feels like I'm actually
away and having an adventure rather than
like still having the same notifications
and whatsapp messages that I always have
every day I think you could also like
make little stars on the map so you've
already noted where you want to go
though I know tried that and I'm gonna
try it now those are my 5 tips for
traveling sorry if I've talked down to
you and you were born with a more
intelligent mind than me but these are
things that I I needed to know 5 years
ago
I've been Lena noms you have been you
frogs dug out
you
