hello and welcome to just kiss my frog
this day we have Hannah Witton hello
YouTube I don't know
and you've seen Hannah with lots of
stuff and we have a podcast together
with Lucy moon and again banging book
club where we read books about sex and
but today I wanted to talk about
relationship so basically I made a video
about a year and a half ago called the
truth about being single and then I
copied her and then we made a fluid like
journey towards singleness online a lot
speaking and making videos balinese my
brand yeah it was mine too and I think I
was sort of broken up with your feelings
oh yeah I was like romantic people love
a good tragedy and so basically I used
to be engaged and we were together for
like six seven years and then I broke we
broke up and then it was this big
transition of me having this identity as
somebody who's engaged and like in love
and like in Charley love and you know
that's how I think identity and then
yeah that big leap like I think it's
kind of dramatic especially in other
people's eyes like people were like I
think when you're sad about a breakup
but then if it you break up with
somebody who you're engaged to you
everyone's like and I'm like it's
literally the same thing about breaking
um but yeah and then you were single for
very long time as well I was single for
six years
mm-hmm I had a relationship in my teens
like between 17 and 19 and then that
ended and then I went to university and
then literally like just from there been
single up until nine months ago yeah and
then nine mine was about nine perfectly
we've grown a relationship in this time
we both we both like like getting close
to these people and we were like and I
think yeah for me I'd been single for
like three years and I was just like
what's going on yeah and so I want to
talk about that transition really like
um I personally was quite like I'm never
gonna be able to be in a relationship
again like I'm not really you know I
don't think I'm a relationship person I
really and I think that I blamed a lot
of like what was going on with my last
relationship as like I'm just not suited
to relation
feel about it before you were at the
beginning of my single six years it was
very much like a single six single six
seven years I could Tomas I can weirdly
kind of like put it in batches batches
so I would say first two years maybe
three pretty much most of university I
was a commitment-phobe mmm because I had
like left this relationship and was just
like having fun and like many times I
got close to someone I like ran away
that was the whole Tim H thing you guys
know about that million hit made a video
so that was that greatest things I'm now
that was the era of the commitment-phobe
holla and then we got to like Hannah
living in London which was like I don't
know still like carefree and single but
dating yeah and and like doing stuff and
then we get to Hannah a year and a half
ago after coming off the pill and I'd
met someone and I really fancied them
and then like they just did a 180 and
were just like no and then it was really
heartbreaking and then I was just like I
just want a boyfriend and I found one
you're making like mail order I'm on the
look now happened yeah also at the time
that I met Dan I was like it's never
gonna happen for me cuz someone else is
just like broken my heart was like never
gonna happen to me did it and I'm gonna
write a book 25 dates before I turn 25
dinner and then I meet him yeah oh
a book deal cuz I think as well we're
both like what we seventh on the any
ground it's all about like new
experiences and being really excited to
go out and like do anything and like not
predicting the future you're like oh
she's gonna explore life which in some
ways isn't conducive to like a
monogamous like serious relationship to
something yeah yeah but I found it to be
fine like it's really weird like my find
ways to like get that fixed that like
whilst
like being very happy hmm in content
being in a monogamous relationship so
the other night I was out with a friend
and there was looking
tonight and there was a really cute
drummer there and my friend thought he
was really hot and I go up to the bar
and then drummer guys stood there and I
get talking to him and I was like oh you
were great let me buy you a drink come
sit with me and my friend oh and the
buzz that I got from that with like
you're like a ho together really you
just like there because again they're
thinking a lot this skills are the
things that you have like you think I'm
like oh I'm so like flirty and crazy and
more like just social skills yeah I can
absolutely social skills you can keep
using them and eating food because then
him and my friend just like chatting
loads and I kept on thinking like at
what point do I need to like just drop
into the conversation that I have a
partner so go for her and you know by
the way I'm the John the Baptist yeah
it's like I think as well like I kind of
like thought that I I would worry about
it more or that I'd lose my identity as
being single because again like I kind
of like it wasn't make make videos about
how I'm going on holiday on my own yeah
and I'm like making my own way and and
then I was really worried that I was
gonna like struggle with that and I just
haven't really I don't know why I think
it's like you find out other parts of
your island to your more important or
yeah I've definitely like going off our
7 and yeeah Graham ness of like
constantly seeking new experiences I've
definitely found that since being in
relationship but it's especially because
of the kind of person down is which is
like he's so chill and content and it's
just made me like a bit more chill so
I'm not having to like constantly like
seek experiences for happiness because I
have that already yeah you need to go
like hey you what you have is good yeah
but I've still got it go and have those
experiences but I don't feel like
they're necessary for my overall
happiness mm-hmm
which is great um but yeah it's really
interesting cuz yeah I feel like so many
of my friends know me as being single
yeah and that's a huge part of my
identity and I remember being out for
dinner and Lucy was there and and some
other friends as well our waiter was
very attractive and one of our friends
really fancied him and so at the end of
the meal oh we got his name as well
because one of the other waiters was
like
Oliver will surf you great can we have
some more and I was like I was like I'll
do it and so I like get out I was like
anyone have a pen and no one had a pen
so I got cocktail stick and was
scratching her number into this cards
girl then I remember Lucy saying like
she was like oh you know sometimes I
feel like I really miss single Hannah
but that was her right there that was so
cool huh yeah yeah and you're Brady stay
I'm just like playing killing other
people because it's hard as well like I
think like as like public feminist it's
like I'm always really worried that I'm
like do people think I'm spending too
much time with my boyfriend do people
think that I'm like people is it like on
my Twitter and Instagram and stuff like
just kind of thing like my boyfriend my
boyfriend my boyfriend cuz I look at
dinner with this one but at the same
time if that's something that you're
doing I don't know it's really strange
but I'm like it's just like a lot of my
experiences like he's there or all
related to him yeah and it's it's
something I've never had a relationship
before I'm totally fine sharing all
those experiences and I don't feel like
my experience is altered by him being
there or like yeah
you know I mean like I think that some
people like if I'm like I bring him
somewhere it's gonna change the dynamic
of something and it never does and it's
like I think as well it's like this
thing of like there is internalized
sexism where it's like are you spending
your day with your boyfriend like you're
giving every attentive boys and like
gender isn't the thing I'm spending time
with my best friend I'm always having a
laugh like you know I mean like that one
day with my best friend I have sexes
realistically looking at it and being
like am I being absorbed into my
relationship or is this a healthy
relating like oh is this what happens
when people really enjoy their
relationships made it would have escaped
from those but yeah that's one of the
things that like I've had to kind of
navigate in my life as well like from
being single for so long and the only
people that I feel like obligated who
are like I want to spend time with are
like my friends and then my family and
then usually if you're in a relationship
you spend a lot of time with that person
and it eats into your time and not
that's necessarily a bad thing but I
remember going into this relationship
being hyper aware of how I was splitting
my time but I think one of the easy
things for me was that because me and
him like oh like kind of long distance
basically mmm not long distance we don't
live in the same city yeah yeah not like
intense yeah so we only see each other
at weekends so in my head I just can't
part meant alized my time hmm I was just
like weekdays is for work and friends
weekends are for my partner yeah and
then unlike that was like helpful for
your transition of like going from like
single to II like having that time yeah
and also it was really helpful because
even a few months before I met him I'd
already started to compartmentalize my
work and I was like I'm only working
Monday to Friday 9:00 to 6:00
yeah so I spent like my weekends were
already free and then he came into my
life I was like perfect I have this to
give you're like great because I have
been looking to have utilize these units
time I can schedule you in when you're
fast and relationship you're like you
won't spend all your time with them and
I'm like should I be doing that measured
you know I didn't for a while I was like
three times a week can't for like okay
like I'm kind of throwing it in like
being like okay I can spend a little
more time and spend a little bit more
time and it's that thing of then
realizing that actually you're more
productive around them like I do lots of
my like work around YouTube and podcasts
while he's around and he like motivates
me to do it that was just understanding
that like this is what a healthy
relationship is and this is you know
this is how I do relationships
yeah and doesn't have to be the normal
way and I actually found it kind of easy
after the initial bit of being like it
was all my time gonna go I found it you
know easy mmm like it's just
surprisingly easy and especially because
when I was single I was like I don't
even remember what it's like to be a
relationship what's that like like how
would you even do that properly and now
I'm in one it's like oh you just do what
everyone else does and like make it up
as you go along yeah that's like
everyone is doing it in major yeah is
there anything that you remember from
being in a relationship you're like oh
yeah that's a cool thing or like you
know you're like oh yeah or like regular
time to reteach every person Oh God
cuz my last relationship was so long ago
and I feel like I was such a different
person then I'm like yeah I think it's
like so stuff like bringing them to see
my family I'm like
yeah we can do that together like that's
a cool thing yeah I think also like
sleeping I was like I'm literally
Justice I have a side tonight I just
adjusted to sleeping in the middle in
terms like three years I was like ah the
middle is where I belong and then I was
like I guess I'm over here now um that's
interesting somebody scratched your back
where you can't reach oh good we'll be
walking down the street and he'll just
go oh honey can you scratch my back and
like woods walking down the street is
I'm gonna sneeze so useful like human a
coat hanger is seriously um and yeah
just having somebody to talk something
through with like sometimes I forget and
I don't tell him something all right it
talks me through them and then he's like
hey what what I didn't know what's
happening I was like oh yeah forgot I
can utilize your emotional intelligence
to help me get through this problem yeah
I totally forgot that was reasonable
that I can you know it's really
interesting yeah um but yeah I think
that's I don't know is there anything
you found by card or anything that
you're like oh I think do you think you
could have been in this relationship if
it wasn't for your single time no no no
they absolutely mean that because and I
think me and him met at a time where
both of us like individually in our
lives like we were ready for this kind
of commitment mmm would not have been I
think it's just like I was like
singleness is great but I'm done it I
was like I was like I'm like there's
nothing wrong with being single and I
loved it and but I was just like you
know I fancy something kid like a little
bit new and different and it didn't it
wasn't that then like after that I was
like seeking a relationship
I still like think that that's not the
way to go about and get yeah but what I
knew was was I was just like I'm open to
one now I was like thinking about my
life being like yeah you know maybe give
people a chance because before I would
just be like oh they're not perfect
exactly and yeah because I think it's
not like for me I like now I I look at
that pocket of time and I was really
single and really like pretty happy to
be like that's my safety blanket that's
why I can be in a relationship because I
know that I'm not staying in the
relationship out of fear of being things
yeah yeah yeah like single is a happy
place for me and that's a good safe
nice thing that I can do so I'm
in it to avoid that you know I'm not
running from something I'm running
towards something else ha we are
thickening to be around unless you like
I want to wear his skin like I could be
like once I got it going out I was just
like I want to get inside your head
he's just like that'd be very
uncomfortable we're just like with I
feel like I'm a really creepy person and
I'm like get bit I'm saving the rest of
the boy race from I'm trying to think of
other like practical because I think
both also got quite serious quite fast
yeah compared to other people whatever
but like when you know is that that
period where is like we don't see our
lives not them the kids so that thing I
said that's done it through it's like I
think that it's yeah but I think that's
because we're we're both quite confident
happy people single yeah to me
yeah thoughts on things on earth um has
anybody else gone through this I don't
know I'm but I will leave the links to
both of our single videos but I you want
to see the transition I'll leave links
below if you haven't seen her why not
mmm cool let us know in the comments
below what your current single data's I
was like hearing about people's
experiences off that transition to
either like relationship to single them
or single them to a relationship and the
expectations of relationship and then
the reality of that yeah cuz also again
like I feel like we both subconsciously
felt like singleness is our brand which
is so silly yeah and not I don't
intentionally go out to do that but
people were like I've seen your channel
like your video about being single like
thank you professional Bridget Jones
they were like yeah so it's interesting
anyway let's do thoughts below thanks
for watching watch my video comment oh
yeah
we've also made a hormone Diaries
episode all about my web ovaries who
would guess you can go in here about my
lady bed joys okay
