I never really feel British British
women all it's cracked up to be anymore
I am quite proud to be British just
don't steal but I'm proud to be British
and I think we'll always be proud of
being good I just like tea that much I
don't like the Queen that relationship
hi my name is Lena I'm 27 years old from
the Midlands
my grandmother was Welsh my mum is Irish
and grew up in Scotland my dad's side of
the family are well pretty English from
what I can tell I mean I drink a lot of
tea I'm a big cured
no-one from other countries gets my
jokes so I'm like British right and the
discussion I can be English British
European and no one can this means that
the UK has voted to leave the European
Union my resignation one of the top
google searches in the UK what is the
European Union the British people have
spoken and the answer is we're out the
Sun has risen on an independent United
Kingdom right you're in a bit tree
balance your own books look down your
own nose where you go to work at heavy
looks to call your own tyrants roam your
own lands appeal to your own governments
deal your own hands bend your own neck
break your own back tune out your own
thoughts lose your own knack disappoint
your own ancestors bend to your own
winds go back to where you came from
because I don't know where you've been
so as 2016 ended we all joked it was
almost a meme or perhaps a very
disturbing game of Sin City in the UK we
voted to leave the union of countries
that made us economically and
politically stable whilst guaranteeing
our human rights and making sure all
labels on our Jam were correct worse
signs like this were used to persuade
people that was the way forward Joe Cox
a Labour Party politician was shot and
stabbed by a man heard shouting put
Britain first in fact the independent
reported the hate crime in some areas
went up by 100 percent while we panicked
that we were being too soft and sooo
sympathetic the UN refugee agency
reported that 2016 was the deadliest for
migrants now in 2017 white supremacy is
on the rise while white nationalists
march and kill in the u.s. acid attacks
have become a big thing in London and in
Finsbury Park a white man drove his van
into a group of Muslims exiting a mosque
Theresa May and her government are
looking increasingly less likely to be
able to execute a brexit the work make
us poorer and Scotland Wales and Ireland
are all thinking about their options
when it comes to staying in the UK we've
got to keep calm and carry on right
right
even though Britain is the name we give
to some land it's also a real place
right it will always be here it's just a
fact of life it's this huge everlasting
thing we don't really need to
acknowledge just it's just there like
gravity or is it scarily similar in
matter to JM Barrie's Neverland if we
don't believe in it well it cease to be
really there at all so 2017 doesn't look
how we expected it to some people say
the immigrants are the reason that we're
losing our nationhood altogether and
it's because of these people from other
places coming here for oh we're not
really sure what reason we have anyone
heard of some of these places is so bad
over there what do we owe them anyway
when are they going back before we
answer that question we have to go back
to the beginning of this video I implied
that because of my blood because of my
birthright
I was British now getting something as a
birthright is something we've kind of
given up on quite logically as a nation
if we reverse it on that now we'd have
to revert pretty much anything we
believed to be true wages voting
education outside of a home we already
have given up on birthright oh except
the royal family how about
about how much we're obsessed the royal
family birthright is not a concept that
we now run a modern civilization on that
is not the principles of Britain
hence Parliament hence democracy to say
somebody isn't genetically British and
to ask them where they're really from is
there only a sound response if you
really want to go back to medieval
Britain where 99.9% of the population
died of boils when people say Britain as
a birthright we often mean that the
person was born in Britain and anyone
who wasn't born in Britain shouldn't
automatically come to this country they
should say in their country where they
were born and get their government to
look after them that's their birthright
right why are they coming in our country
well the thing is they would have if it
wasn't for their birthright being taken
away by welcome to the shortest and
potentially most disrespectful summer at
British Empire you ever did encounter
see this map at one point yeah we we
controlled all of that mainly through
force much killing the Empire governed
roughly a quarter of the world's
population covered about a quarter of
the world's land mass and dominated
nearly all of the oceans all of the
oceans yeah but we weren't that bad
where we didn't have concentration camps
yes we did everywhere it's estimated
that if we were to pay reparations to
Africa alone for the amount of stuff
that we stole from them and the amount
of people we killed it would be
somewhere close to a hundred and fifty
trillion pounds and that's just Africa
Middle Eastern conflicts can destroyed
by us Pakistan vs. India kind of our
fault Republic of Ireland versus
Northern Ireland yeah we definitely had
a part in that safe to say if people are
fleeing poverty or Greeners conflict
yeah that was probably that was probably
us so it's 2:00 in the morning I can't
sleep I guess I found out today that a
guy from you know that I was friends
with from school he is now the head of
one of the biggest oh right movements in
the country I don't say its name but
I've been thinking a lot about this idea
of locality and and he's near to a
problem he's far
away from the problem and I often think
the reason that we don't react to
problems is because we don't think
they're very close that perceived
distance means that we feel either
unqualified to interact with it or we
don't feel like it'll be a threat to us
I need as true is it because it's just
getting closer and closer very hard like
even in local evils always be local
I have a feeling if you looked in my
veins that'd be even more local than
that like so how does somebody who grew
up a few streets um you went to all the
same schools have the same background
lived in the same part of a city have
such different views to you I've been
thinking a lot about this and I've come
up with a few ideas pass parenting
gender personality there something
bigger going on here the way I see it
there with there's three groups that
play in this who is British debate
that's the right all the wrong as I like
to there's the right and the far right
important to remember that they're
different things and they're over here
like ah the immigrants are taking our
jobs and our resources and immigration
is on an all-time high which
statistically definitely isn't the whole
story they derive a lot of reasons for
thinking the way they do from their
argument that they are truly British and
they're proud to be so and then on the
other side you've got what a lot of
people call the black and minority
ethnic communities some of whom are
recent migrants and they can kind of be
like we are British you dickheads and
we're not taking your jobs we're helping
the economy thrive plus i'll office only
had to leave our places behind because
you the world up and another
thing did you know that 20 million
British white people emigrated during
the rule of the British Empire and
turned whole country's white simmer down
they are fighting to have their
Britishness recognized and I don't think
it's too much of a stretch to say that a
lot of them feel proud of it
now white British liberals here we are
in the middle hello I'm in there we're
here either generating white noise or
going diversity is important you know
don't worry we're not racists like them
more worryingly
a lot of us like I was seem resistant to
acknowledge our Britishness or fight for
the good parts of the identity the
problem with that is I reckon the oddest
interest in Britishness negates our
ability to relate to either group like
we're above Britishness or something but
really we're distancing ourselves from a
problem that is as much our duty to
think more complexly about as it is
anyone's if we can't see the OLT right
the EDL the white nationalists as our
problem you better bet that there is
nobody else coming in fact I'm willing
to go out on a limb and guess that the
reason these
groups have grown so rapidly and get
such an easy platform is because people
like me white British or I'm willing to
see these people and these groups as
worthy of serious thought calling them
madmen doesn't cut it that's under
estimating them it's turning away from
all the structural ways we've taught
them to be mad what we missed in
education of my generation what we
perhaps missed in the generation above
mine and what we're about to miss for
the generation below is the information
what we aren't giving people are the
facts they really need to understand
their own Britishness the British flag
or at least if this seems weird and
symbolic to you what it stands for has
been so neglected and left out of
discussions that the right wing groups
have been able to commandeer it without
much of a fight take a look at all the
mounting cultural and political
movements that use this flag as their
logo as if implying pretty lazily I
think that their movement represents the
whole these flags these symbols these
functionalities we need them this flag
gets a lot of people's backs up makes a
lot of people uneasy or worse it makes
them dismiss the idea of Britishness or
together so what can we do about it when
you get a weird ingrown hair or a bad
boyfriend or a tricky boss usually
appeal to a friend who's had a similar
problem if we stretch that concept a bit
surely the person we should call is
Germany in Germany what was your
schooling about history like and did you
learn about the world was separately to
the rest of history or was it just part
of what you learn well it was kind of
sad and when I got into ninth grade they
started to kind of switch up and then it
was a whole German lesson sold the
history of Germany and what will one
what were two and also the history of
the heads has led to such horrible
events it took almost like three years
of school education to learn about it I
what kind of it was very honest no
cover-ups at all some people think that
it's a bit boring to learn about one
topic three years like a period of three
years and well in that topic you only
covered the world wars yes
yeah well it's it's a lot of a lot of
school time you spend with learning
about such horrible events well
what's the name of the class Shh enjoy
history yeah it's just it's just history
when you are living in a country that
has such a history I think there isn't
really a point and not telling the story
and the history of your country mm-hmm
you know no matter where you live your
country always has a history that you
can learn from like gee did you learn
about the British Empire it's a lot yeah
you know this is like this is fee lots
of followers you just Hitler what he
what strategy is he used and propaganda
and this is all you can't drop this this
isn't this is not optional no you can
choose not to learn about it that's not
an option
do you think that's good I do I didn't
learn that much about the British Empire
in school and what I did it was really
glossed over what we did learn about
heavily was World War two the sacrifices
that were made the people that were lost
fighting attitudes that wanted to wipe
out whole races of people we learned how
our grandparents gave up their comfort
their luxury to do what was right and
that's really moving apart from it's not
the whole story I asked you once with
what your experiences of being a British
kid learning about the Empire were and
I'm not gonna lie it was looking good I
went back to the source the government's
freely available curriculum documents
and things weren't looking much better
whilst it loses you briefly it's one of
over 44 non-statutory topics it looks
like it's really up to teachers whether
they teach it as a positive or negative
thing or as is alluded to in lots of
studies not at all this is really
interesting to me because I don't see
our system treating any other kind of
mass killing with such huge implications
of cultural or Asia in this kind of
really casual way it just is baffles me
that when immigration is such a divisive
way that politicians can coerce huge
amounts of people both ways maybe I'm
being coerced I mean I was born in a
little bus to get lined with the
Guardian what can I say but when it is
such a huge issue and 113 percent of our
population avoid taking the white or
white British box you have to think
about whose history is being catered
you hear if you're 14 and you don't take
the white or white British category but
we consider yourself a British person if
your ancestors chose or maybe had to
move here you're very likely to know a
lot more than your fellow peers in your
class when you're 14 about the British
Empire
I was the 14 year old white Becky who
knew nothing about it not putting the
British Empire on the curriculum as a
mandatory thing amid all the other more
important things is if you think about
it setting white British kids back
because at the end of the day if
everybody else is more schooled and you
only student you are
I'd say that's a breeding ground for
ignorant shame and resentment don't you
know you mrs. Thatcher it's an enormous
responsibility to think that you are
forming the future generation how do you
feel about it but sometimes I get a
little wild about it bottom line this
video isn't a dummies guide to the
British Empire urge you to do your own
research on that this is a call to
consider more than what we know we don't
know and yes to get it on the curriculum
because when we stopped seeing taking
refugees in as an act of terrorism of
charity and start seeing it as an act of
duty of patriotism a way to build back
to a Britain that isn't great but good
when we do our homework with four we
sing our praises when we stop seeing the
future of our country as blue versus red
a winner-takes-all scenario perhaps we
can start to actually get a grip on
ourselves when we go back to where we
came from it's much easier to decide
together where we're going look if you
children can't get on well together how
do you expect them nations of the world
to get on well together William said
I've seen in a forest of myself little
books and tall trees are we all Bert
forestry little notebooks of ancient
things we were peeled back into page
isn't clumsily scribbled on writing
lines for the end of
I must not actively sabotage myself or
others I must not actively sabotage
myself or others I must not actively
sabotage myself I must not ask when the
trouble came why the lady with the tiny
Hurricanes made it possible for the
pauper to have to pay for the sins at
the banker swishing her marries under
cups and hoping penance lands on someone
else so focused on the evil character of
others and we fail to see the evil in
ourselves part of growing up is
reconciling the wolf and the Samaritan
that can exist between two years come on
mate forget it let's sell it over some
beers but if we're to use our ancestry
as an axe and thus first admit that it's
a noose tying up the others or letting
ourselves loose
when you get bitten by a snake you've
got to suck the poison out Cady heron
did it readily so let's eradicate your
doubts a nation holding truths will eat
itself alive our history is getting
moldy at the back of a cupboard bring it
out before it ruins everything in there
dust it off face the mangy Dorito dust
cover facts before others do it for us
I'm right that's no big deal I can get
dreads like no Smith mr. mass appeal in
the crematorium we learn that we're all
the same when we burn my should skin be
a bargaining chip on a guest list to a
better life I am white I'm white this is
incomplete I mean I believe it but on a
scale of dogs balls to Gandhi it's
probably closer to dogs balls
I can't Reese tear Britishness on my own
I've got some ideas on how to move
forward number one if you're in Britain
I have started a petition to get the
British Empire on the curriculum as a
mandatory part of it we want every kid
thoroughly learning about the British
Empire so they can make their own
informed decision about their attitude
to immigration number two take a read of
any of these books they're all bloody
brilliant use the links in the
description and get learning about the
British Empire yourself number three I'm
making a zine of Britishness and with
the help of creators to change I'm going
to send one copy to every MP in the
country I'm also going to make it free
online for anybody to view you can
submit your poems essays drawings
thoughts sentences right here and if
you're stuck I've compiled a little
thought experiment slash meditation on
Britishness from loads of you guys and
your experiences of Britishness you can
use that to spark your imagination thank
you so much for listening tell me
whether I'm right or wrong in the
comments below and see you around
Britain I guess
from here I can see it in their eyes
that oh me here they tell me to
play high but they gave me big given the
level we fill a big arena here we were
at a racemic in any kappa turn around
and have whatever legs attached it has a
center for me the best you could Betty
justice wouldn't know justice right
