oh it's you
hi whoa it's bright in here and I
thought I'd do a direct upload because I
don't have any attitude software with me
and as you can see from the window I am
pretty remotely struck hidden on Wi-Fi
area otherwise known as the country of
Ireland and now maybe you don't know I'm
one of them I'm one of them people
who've got a breakfast festival and are
calling a brexit passport because the
thing that prompted me to get it was
wrecked it my mum is Irish was born in
Dublin and as soon as the referendum was
announced she was like no child of mine
is getting stuck in this country not
erections and she got thorns and got me
to get one and it before I knew that I
was entitled to one cup see I'm half
Irish but we felt like this is my
country am I being like I don't know am
I being weird trying to get one even
though I am half Irish and anyway so I'm
here and a Miss Jules is what I do
direct upload yes there's no much too
important we get a say I could say
anything oh good reservist there's no
registering and yeah I'm just thinking
about a lot of stuff while I'm here
because I'm trying to learn more about
Irish history because for some reason my
British curriculum didn't think it was
necessary for me to understand anything
that the British or English did towards
Island and and now I'm having to learn
it from scratch and at the same time I'm
also sitting here with my laptop editing
this project I'm doing for YouTube
creates a change I am a YouTube fellow
at the moment and I've been given this
project to do about hate speech and
discrimination and it means I'm editing
a lot of other people's opinions about
and Britishness which is really
interesting and hopefully I'll get to
tell you more about that food but it's
meant starts been thinking because I've
been absorbing a lot of other people's
experiences recently and trying to learn
and try to be humble and other they were
just trying to like do the right thing
and hear the right thing and learn the
right thing
it's got me thinking about why I care
and why should other people care because
I always feel like sometimes people see
me as and this doesn't who like is
always trying to good and I'm always
like very hesitant of that because I do
a lot of shit and I'm a pathetic - a lot
of shit and the things that you don't
see me doing you won't think about
because I'm not doing them so it's not
obvious but I don't know I'm always like
second-guessing myself when I'm reading
these books about like what other people
would call different dresses I'm doing
these projects like what am I doing it
for like I think this hesitation with
like concept of the social justice
warrior and is that people doing if
they're in gain or people are doing it
because they want to because they want
to seem like they're good people that's
kind of hard because without knowing
this person you don't actually know
whether they're a good person or not and
and what a good person is is so through
it anyway but it's kind of like that's
mine fuck and also a lot and also like I
don't know like where is the line
between doing a good things so that you
look like you're doing a good thing and
where is the lot what and where is the
other side of that line where it's like
I understand what it is to be a good
person or at least my opinion of that
and wanting to live up that wanting to
live up to my own values and is that
still narcissistic and selfish because
to do with me in my opinion of me maybe
and I don't know I think it also got me
thinking a lot about like why I do it
and like why and you know it's not for
you know I think it's not immediately
obvious I don't do it like tastings and
so like I don't do it because for the
people who oppressed or the people who
like have been wronged in the past not
because I don't not because I'm like I
don't know it doesn't I only met on
horrible way I mean and like kind of
they need it like I mean they need me to
understand they need to do my part but I
don't to patch my people I don't want to
be like I'm going to book about black
through mail snail Brit and like you
know I don't
I don't want to like I'm not doing it
because and I think that I've got pity
for those people or that I think pity is
the is the is the worst part of empathy
and sympathy is kind of on our variables
they're like and but like trying to
understand or imagine what it's like to
be somebody else and react from your own
privilege is a really hard thing to do
but I also I also encourage other people
to do it and I want to do it because it
I think not doing it takes away some of
your humanity it I think we're more like
really trained at school to be really
passive and like just let things happen
to us we get taught or we're taught
don't ask questions because not the time
to ask questions right now and all the
people coming fast about they're like
what is the vlogging there is like for a
little like four houses in this town so
kind of guessing they won't know what
I'm doing
yes it's for its to exploit or
inhumanity when you recognize other
people's humanity and listen to how
varied that humanity can be like it you
become whole I don't know it's like it's
not very spiritual but like is we're
trained to to not feel to not question
and if you know if you ask the wrong
question at the wrong time at school we
know it's not that it's not that period
it's not like class you can't that's a
geography question we're in history or
like it's not we're not doing that
module this term we're doing it next
Germany it's it's that is that's
training into being served information
accepting it or being bored way and not
absorbing it but that switches off
somehow it makes us like less less agile
like our people let less and I don't
know but like it connection it pulls up
our depth and makes us shallow and that
makes sure you don't feel as much or
think as much and I genuinely just think
that that makes you I don't know it
takes away something from you
Manatee and I think like understanding
other people shit is like hard and it's
depressing sometimes but it's also it
also has this richness that isn't joy
and it's not happiness like because I
think this is all like happy craze at
the moment everyone's like here's a
happy book where you have to be happy
like what's the mindfulness I want to be
happy it's why are we happy and it's
like all right being happy all the time
is impossible but if you're more of it
if you have a depth to yourself and you
have like all these different caverns
inside your your mind and your heart
like you you'll be a more balanced
person and you'll be a more imaginative
person and you'll have more fun and I
think sometimes it's like I'm not happy
but you can have fun like you can to
have fun when you're not happy and it's
really hard to like hold those two
things separately sometimes because I
don't know but I think my messages
videos I think it's more fun if we all
as a savage with a pop anything I don't
know anyway I'm just thinking about I
know this this whole experience of being
in Ireland and going around Dublin
seeing where my granddad studied at
Trinity College and like going to all
these places and like you know there's
always a statue of other troubles
there's always something about the
troubles that the station's I'm going to
like named after people who and we're in
the East uprising and like it's so it's
so it can be overwhelming to learn about
all at once and I don't necessarily
think that's a bad thing and anything it
takes away from your experiences and if
people want to call me a social justice
warrior they can go ahead because if
somehow I've made it seem like being
social justice Oriya is for me or that
it's not fun well that's not um like
important then obviously they haven't
understand just like the full rounded
and experiences you can get from
understanding other people's experiences
what am I talking about okay anyway and
I got to go but I will say one thing
really fast and
on a train forth me and Hannah and Lucy
there's no segue here I just wanted to
say at the end because um on see you
guys but we're going to do a Bangla
booktube live event which is we really
cool and we're doing it's do you know is
the segue talking about other people's
experiences and Juneau Dawson and I
first met four or five years ago when
she was James Dawson and she was he was
at a author event signing books and now
she's Geno Dawson and um it's been
really interesting like you know getting
really getting to know her work and like
following what she's been doing she's
written this book for the gender game
all about being transgender and like the
subtitle is like out what the different
sea men and women from a from a person
who's been but wasn't thing I don't know
anyway we're going to be doing a
minisode for the banging book club which
is podcast we do and we're getting a
minisode live recording in London on the
24th and I'd love for you to come and
because I want to talk to you guys and
find out what your lives know what I
like hang out and um yeah I hope it will
be a really fun and event so yeah I will
leave the links to that in the
description if you like to come because
and put them on by on this channel I'm
very good for you to come if you want it
if you if you get very nice okay thank
you for listening to my put unedited
rumbles and about caring and and I will
see you in my next one
whatnot out totally up fuck fuck fuck
can edit
