some in life right there's the things
you know you know then the fact probably
then there's the things you know you
don't know so like for me it's
Pythagoras theorem or how Parliament
works although at the moment I'm
unconvinced that even the people in
Parliament
know that and none of the things you
didn't know you didn't know things that
were so invisible to you you didn't know
you weren't being told the things you
didn't know to learn about that is what
we're talking about today
do you recognize that footage well if
you did it means you watching my channel
last year when I was absolutely obsessed
with this new book called each website
is basically this girl can in a book and
I was obsessed obsessed not content with
changing mine and many other women's
relationships with their bodies across
the country and a kettle the author of
that book is on to a new project in
collaboration with the women sports
trust she started this thing called the
blue plaque rebellion now blue plaques
these really cool things we have in the
UK but bring this prestige to have is
we're notable people have lived there
are any of you who have tried to find
some of these blue plaques around
Britain will notice that there are lots
and lots of sports men noted everywhere
but precisely almost no sports women now
Anna Castle and the women's sports trust
are trying to fix that them in this
video I've partnered with Pan Macmillan
to bring you round some of the key spots
in London where amazing sports women
that you might not heard of live and
we're going to go with Anna kettle and
some of her expert friends to find out
more about their amazing and pre hushed
up life okay Anna where are we first
stop was it we are at six feet of the
garden okay which is where the lovely
Madge was with wool and and lived with
for seven and the family had 15 children
proportionate this is variable so big
again that was just amazing when I saw
as a woman thing a bit kind of seen as
oh it's so girly and they were these
pretty skirt but then apparently it
wasn't back in the day it was a man
thing and women were not allowed to fix
guys who are not allowed to compete
they're not allowed to remember until
and she decided at the age of 21 that
she would enter the World Championships
in 1980 even though women were not
supposed to complete and clever thing
was that nobody listened that rule down
anywhere and so she competed and then
you know the ice skating people tries to
stop her and says only men there's only
men complete Sigma says he's willing
he'll written anywhere and and she went
along she competed in the first World
Championships that a woman ever appeared
and she wanted supplemental 21 it looks
amazing 21 and if you can think at that
time and there were so many barriers one
of the reasons why they didn't want
women to compete was because at that
time women were scarce all the way down
to their ankles and they said they're
for the judges would not be able to tell
if they were doing the moves properly
and so she started wearing short t-shirt
simply they're slightly short so she was
pioneering fashion changes as well and
and it was it was would have just been a
massive massive thing at the time and so
what was different as the match to that
would say I'm not competed in 1980 in
the world Channel the next few years she
carried on competing against men and
they have tried to change the rules to
stop her but they couldn't get away with
it and she meant to compete in 1905 they
finally introduced women only
competition which was great and imagine
went on to compete at the Olympics in
London just down the road 1908 she came
out of retirement apparently to compete
and there's this amazing report written
by a really conservative journalist or
Theodore cook and Emma see original 1908
report and in it he talks about how she
completely blew away the crowd at the
ice rink and not only was she did
outstanding performer on the day but he
started to write quite a lot about how
this woman had already beaten the best
men in in England and therefore why on
earth could she not confuse against men
why could she not compete in
composition it has a journalist in 1908
talking about women competing against
men in sports we don't have that today
so down the road in Knightsbridge is a
fair match was tripping off every day
go practice on the ice rink and then she
met Edgar and he was a lot older than
her almost 20 years Athena and he was an
elite ice skater they were very
well-suited they both loved ice skating
and they competed together at the
Olympic Games as a married couple and
won a bronze medal in the pair's
and they also went on to write a couple
books together about ice skating i mean
i was a big escape feels very sweet I
think we kind of take for granted that
ice cave specification and women are
connected and you know we see them and
they have these little kind of like
failure tasks and so good but at the
time that man was competing it was such
a big deal even just to lift her skirt a
little have a shorter skirt that was
huge so we're in the car and we're off
to our next destination where are we
going on it we're going to see Amy
Gentry Oh sounds like whoo we're going
to meet there Amy Gentry well we're not
going to be original with Amy's house
pioneer row and we're going to meet Lisa
who's going to tell us all about and
Amy's life she's been researching and
I'm a gamete Annamarie help the charity
sure a whole host of the whole house
goes under
and she played on the water or her life
my father was very keen on the river and
have been kind of messing around the
boat you like probably from things you
know me hi to a frog as she puts it but
in terms of actual Roe England she
started in 1919 which was there was a
victory regatta Weybridge and she
claimed she was collective and coached
to compete in this event so from then on
then she built a kind of a lady section
at wavered rowing club which is where
she was originally collected into and
subsequently that broke away to be an
entirely separate club which still
exists to this day away which ladies
rowing club which is just a few hundred
meters from a patron club the rowing
community didn't acknowledge women at
this point of 1923 so there are women
rowing women have been rowing at this
point for leasing and rowing for
certainly 3040 years throughout the
1920s women's rowing starting to the
caste plate results in what had been a
very elitist very masculine world so the
boat race was already at 100 years old
and that was yeah and this Olivia and
rowing already yeah I mean and informal
eyes through boys public schools and
through the university Amy's reputation
was very independent-minded she was
fairly oblivious lots of social niceties
of you like I was speaking to a woman
who started rowing at University in the
1960s and her she's met Amy gentry in
her first meeting with her with in North
London so in a very ordinary location
far away from the river and she turns up
and you know heavy coat and wellies and
this this hatless you know keeping all
the rain off and I'm just completely
oblivious to the fact that that would be
not not your usual dress but for the
meeting of a sporting committee except
well she was very successful initially
then she won she won races both in
single sculls and all kinds of both
categories and doubles and it wasn't
like we're talking about before and she
was they participated in the first
women's race which took place on their
own right now the Boat Race Course
noteworthy really because there was such
a long two women to be wearing and this
is still at a time where there's a lot
of concern over the extent to which
typically exert themselves further
concerns that maybe you know the bloom
might fall out is still very real and
they lost a vote fill out the body main
growing is a lot safer than running
right the seats going to hold it Enzo
and I digress
this is like a metaphor I just want to
add in that these concerns persisted
until it's 2014 because a women's ski
jumping was only in our Olympics in 2048
limited fears about women and women's
boxing right and actually
physiologically elicit it as a purely a
dispassionate medical level and mostly
women's reproductive organs were safer
than men when the race which evidently
was involved in innate on the boat race
course between two boats over at Club
cruise not universities also the same
year that the first women's boat race
takes place with us on a much more
benign stretch of water in Oxford and
it's race boasted file and for speed so
they wrote one way and they be awarded
the win or the loss on the basis of
their fourth and the other way on the
basis of literacy she even in 1927 then
she's sailing our dearest wishing to be
in the Olympic Games
this doesn't actually come to fruition
until 1976 in Montreal so again this
kind of 50-year periods pretty much her
entire lifetime in the sport to spend
one thing this and very sadly she died
as a month before those races take place
so she she would have known that would
gain tacit she would have seen it be
included in the program but she wouldn't
have actually been able to watch the
races and other other timelines and
that's obviously quite a tragic kind of
counterpoint to all of her treatment
within the sport so this is Amy's letter
to lady des bura of white Lee Lodge
tinkling pickling Norfolk third of
October 1927 and all good letters start
she writes my lady it is with regret
that I trouble you so soon again that
she must have been a persistent Python
but it has just occurred to me you may
be able to help us gain our dearest wish
to compete in the Olympic Games what I
think is really lovely about this letter
is the way she ends and she writes
trusting I have made myself clear and
that you will be able to have fun she
does tend to communicate in quite direct
fashion this is one thing that she was
definitely known for in their own
community and but interestingly she
doesn't seem to pick up what we might
call now feminist mantle she doesn't she
has written in fact that she doesn't
think that she's encountered any
prejudice on the basis of her gender in
the sport it's kind of hard to map that
on to what was happening in the sport
for me then that in terms of the
provision and they access to equipment
tools and stuff but I think that
probably is her genuine perception that
there's no prejudice against women
participating in sports apart from in
things like this where there's literally
a solid line drawn against them being
attacked
Annamarie spelt share British rowing
we're right here at jib Uxbridge and
with we're thinking about where Amy
might have rose and up from subtly new
zones along the river yeah so we're
right we're right here outside tideway
scullers and at the end of the boat race
course and so she certainly would have
come up here in her single training or
within her double with her brother and
of course we're right opposite Barnes
where she grew up so this is very much
Amy's territory I guess it's a young row
when I first started it you don't really
appreciate the history of women in the
sport but once I was in the team and
once I got to know a little bit more
about how the sport was run Amy's name
is quite legendary she she was all
pervading and she was the most I guess
the sort of starting point of all in
competitive rowing and I felt very
cognizant very aware of that the work
that's always used to describe his
indomitable and I think she probably was
people that talked about her and talks
about her resilience and her sort of
constant way of just quietly
determinately getting on with things
she was a champion rower she was an
amazing rower and she was extremely
competitive and successful
at her time and she set up one of one of
the most successful when expect us at
the time and but but I guess really it
was just her her sort of dogged
determination to get get the women into
our international food right Federation
and so she is held responsible for
thought to be responsible for persuading
FIFA our International Federation to
have a women European Championships
so we're separate for men but she had
that that with her sort of I guess that
was her real legacy
so we're here with Rachel Harris
gardener editor of speed cream and an
expert in women's motivation since 1897
1897 1897 and what really blew me away
about where we are is that it's just
great historical importance to women
motorsport history and yet nobody knows
about it and it's got huge sporting
historical significance going back to
centuries and centuries and but when I
was trying to arrange us coming here
nobody knew what I'm talking about
the mainly Club Australia's loves so can
you explain for us past problem is the
Rayleigh club itself identity no longer
exists they are two buildings down in
1951 and from the 1920s onwards it
always becomes quite fashionable for
women to be interested in cars and
engineering and technology and that sort
of thing and you get this real food in
female participation in in motorsport
specially rallying it goes hand in hand
with arising women learning to fly
planes and get some riding road to buy
things like that
hi this is the company of trees and we
think this would have been time driveway
building yourself leaving up this
wonderful house and its ground creature
surrounding us now but this race took
place in 1900 we're now in 2017 and yet
we're still talking about a lack of
women in motor racing we are with there
are quite a lot but they're not really
racing at the highest levels yet we have
had really an important one but we've
not had any one and it would be male
that is makers or wheeler one star since
1992 which is pretty cool really there
are some some girls coming through the
ranks at the moment so I'm hoping that
that's going to change very motoring is
a pastime for women young middle aged
and if there are any all there may be
pleasure and being whirled around the
country by your friends and relatives or
in a car driven by your chauffeur but
the real the intense pleasure the actual
realization of the pastime comes only
when you drive your own car I've hunted
and was one with those who declared that
the most glorious of all outdoor life is
in the saddle on a clean fast jumping
hunter but when my accident I took up
motoring I found the exhilaration the
delights of the gallop doubled it
fascinated me and it will fascinate any
woman who tries it Dorothy was important
because she's the first really well
documented female racing driver we have
and we have
writings about her in papers we have her
own writings informers and her articles
that she wrote for newspapers and her
books that she wrote the woman in the
car 1909 what about the rearview mirror
as people say that she invented them
well drinking mirror it comes up in
London car when she's talking about
useful accessories to carry with you
when you're driving and cars at that
time didn't have glove boxes or when
they did have glove boxes that refuse
the keeping blood pin and it was a
drawer under the seat and there's a
whole chapter she took that necessary
things one of the other legends is that
they were doing two revolver in the
drawer and her seat but she used to
carry a makeup mirror higher hands
mirror and they'd fallen just for
checking her makeup because she was very
image conscious but if you're driving
along and you need to see the hide you
could hold a mirror up have a check made
the first
rearview mirror Dorothy with she's a
brilliant self publicist overtures in a
lot of ways for 100 years too early she
would have been all over the country she
has been an Instagram Queen standing
outside of the places she'd raised in
front of cars with her Pomeranian dog
that became part of a legend she would
have been all over and she was just
warming but I was looking at all the
different pioneers I really fell in love
with Dorothy I don't know whether it's
just because she's a Jewish offend girl
grandparents married Oh Littlefield's no
Whitechapel with synagogues and I kind
of felt for her all this all the
fantasies that she created around
herself and thinking about how she might
have been excluded from some social
stratas and she wasn't old enough or
experienced enough to drive him in that
first room was made to race it mainly
but not probably she wouldn't have been
invited even if she was no no me she
wasn't a member of the Rainey club and
when you look at her history
just looking at it without the cultural
context she thinks maybe should sort
person if you wasn't a joiner but she's
I think sometimes we think why ourselves
now I don't know whether her heritage
did play a part in making some course
remember that and I I think would be
quite not attention it did
and she thought was quite glowingly at
the lady's automobile club but I've
never found any evidence to issue the
memoir and there's good reason service
Jewish people weren't accepted in all
levels of polite society at the time so
it exists in that really but also she
spun this whole web of lies and exactly
the right word but she'd created this
whole persona for herself if she was
around the real aristocrats that she
claimed to be among they would find out
in five seconds flat it didn't mean that
she was excluded from quite either
completely she took pain lots of quite
mainstream motifs were better than no
trouble and if it's never mentioned that
she was Jewish and I think of call it a
lot of people
but I think we do have to and take into
account for this thinking about health
care if some baby
Thank You Zanna castle Pan Macmillan and
the women's sports trucks for making
this video possible tell me in the
comments below any more philosophy women
in support you might know of and I'm
leaving a link to all of the tons of
videos I made about each set play in the
description so do check that out because
the paperback is out now and it's
amazing I would not have what is heading
towards being great relationship in my
body if it wasn't that book keep getting
gumption and I'll see you in my next one
frogs nog out so we've only been doing
this underground project about five
minutes it's already been a guy come up
to us and be like through the whole
shoes we have to educate him maybe so
you could by having ahead of time so we
like well sir that's the boy
