philosophy equipment Cheerios in a mug
with Queen Elizabeth on the front and
vino
I want to talk very briefly about this
idea of echo chambers like chess pieces
pulling my like philosophy about those
different ways our Lacey Group and her
talks with Blair and everything she's
doing in the moment because I've been
watching it with genuine open-hearted
interest and I think it has is by lot
like new thoughts in me and whether I
agree with her or not I'm not sure but
it's really an important thing for me to
absorb at the moment I am aware of and
on our right is Brittany Taylor who is
one of my favorite youtubers at the
moment and she's really been saving my
bacon which is an inappropriate analogy
for somebody who is vegan
she didn't say my bacon and for the past
couple of months making those videos
about and per person and where you find
your needs and how to fill them and it's
been kind of great even though she's a
vegan who lives out narvi and that she's
not the life I'm living right now yeah
and her videos on finding your people
and getting in tune with yourself and
surrounding yourself as people who are
in tune with you these two things and
what I'm doing the wash up for some
reason I'm obsessed with making the mesh
together making them make sense together
and so on the Left we have or on your
right we have a Blair and echo chambers
and making sure you know people who
think really differently from you and
you're ignorant about the outcome of
elections the outcome of your life and
the outcome of your own opinions if you
don't include these people who
completely disagree with you in them and
on the Britain terror side it's more
like find out what your purpose is make
sure that you're not disturbing anybody
else when you're fulfilling those
purposes and then don't judge others but
again with getting what you're seeing
once you know what your thing is get on
with your thing
and surround yourself or people are also
getting on with your thing as you
progress through life you should see
around you more people who vibing with
you and chiming with you and you're
helping you on your purpose and that is
like a good model of how your future
should be and I'm like how I don't know
what my obsession with is meshing these
two things together but they've got both
make sense in my life because I agree
with both philosophies and it comes down
to this idea of the echo chamber and and
whether we are preaching to visit what
the was preaching to the converted
giving sandwiches the people who are
already attending the picnic I don't
know you know I think it all comes down
to ideas of vocabulary like what you
gain from not sitting in your echo
chamber is getting other ideas to oppose
what you believe and like really chip it
down and really make you know when you
you're made to explain something and you
really start to really understand it so
what that's why I'm really glad that I
like dated well it went on those dates
for a while because it was so
interesting cuz I had to like keep
explaining myself to people and keep
like you know and more bored I got the
more I bottled that down like really
shaved off its corners and were like
this is who I am and I got to be able to
present who I was to another person and
within 20 minutes and that was kind of
the result of being a publicist and
velocity manager for a while and also
like and having to network as my job and
then going online dates and having to be
like frozen who I am this right let me
know who you are because I'm going to
order some more sausage rolls you're not
that great the echo chamber of criticism
is that you're not getting enough other
ideas in your mind so you mutton being
brainwashed
if you don't surround ourselves with
people who disagree with you I don't
know how much I believe that to be
really true and I have said think it's
important to you if you engage in dialog
with people that disagree with you but
whether that constitutes being
surrounded by them or not I'm not I'm
not sure and and then on the other hand
isn't
action it's vocabulary it's how you put
that into words with other people and
and what hacks me off about this stop
stalking your echo chamber argument is
that I think that in some ways it is
important to talk to your echo chamber
or you know these people
peripheral people who you think agree
with you because like I feel I suppose
my channel you know like when I was
doing the videos and voting am i
reaching people who won't vote I don't
know but I am reaching people you
probably know people who won't vote and
I might be giving them the ground
evidence the vocabulary the energy the
gumption to reach out to those people
who don't agree with them I think
they're both important and I'm coming to
the conclusion I think they're both
equally important for and correct me if
I'm wrong but I think the people that
helped me most who I found online have
been the people who do have to be arulu
they're people that are similar in
sentiment to me but they might be doing
it a different way
or explaining in a different way or I
can often say like you know I never want
to take responsibility for somebody else
saying that my videos help them with
their life and because when people
message me and say that you know there's
always a crossroad of what to say it's
always like really glad I helped to
change your life or you go I think you
were to change your life anyway but I'm
glad by was that for it and that's
really what I feel a lot of an echo
chamber is it's it's turning up for
other people who are on your side who
know what they want to achieve for the
world or for other people and showing
them how you achieve it and showing them
how you explain why you achieve it and
I've definitely been given the
vocabulary by other people on the
internet to explain my ideas and that
doesn't mean that my ideas aren't my own
because they are sometimes you have
these these like you know that they're
like like emotional judgments
like gut feelings whatever you want to
call them we have this that's what's
right and to me that is what's wrong and
it feels really strong inside you
especially during we're all drinking
wine in the UK by the way because has
been another general election it was
very a very polarizing week amusing it
was kind of like I don't know I feel
like I am living between two homes a
moment I don't know his mommy or daddy
who loves me more but I'm just I'm like
can somebody decide where we're living
and what reality we're living in the
grown-ups really need to out let me
summarize how Britain feels right now
that's it yeah I think that on
reflection I've been being really oh
yeah I know I've read the BuzzFeed
articles about how I should live in my
own and active chamber and bubble and
now I'm like reaching out my bubble
because only like basic bitches stay in
their bubble and only stupid journalists
talk to their echo chamber I don't think
that's true I think that it's really
important to make content or surround
yourself or make your social circles
indicative of the kind of beliefs that
you have and the kind of ways you want
to explore that more deeply because it's
okay for me to say okay one of my
fundamental beliefs is you should know
that much stuff I think stuff might be a
con I think we should own less stuff and
that's one of my like current
philosophies that like applies to time
and energy and money and stuff but how
do i fulfill that I'm not sure and to
what extent and how much and in what
manner and that's when I need my echo
chamber to for me to go into sha in
Ravello hey we already believe we're
already have the same gut instinct of
what we want to do or how we're going to
make ourselves feel human and I need
help to do that and that I need my echo
chamber because I'm already sure of my
belief I want to follow down the path at
the same time questioning it all the
time of course but where is that
equilibrium where is that they want to
hear somebody else's opinion because I
want to make sure that mine is correct
and I'm open to being so aged otherwise
and I don't attach my identity to who or
what I believe that's a daring road to
go down I think it's an important one
for everybody to go down very regularly
but I also feel strongly that me making
videos about feminism for people who are
really feminists isn't it's not wasted
time you tweeting people who are already
voting with ten reasons why you should
vote isn't wasted time because that's
ammunition in the pockets of people who
don't know how to explain what they
believe yet or need your inspiration and
your your like lexical support to do
that I don't think that's that I think I
think maybe the echo chamber could be
cool that's basically the point of this
video and I hope you enjoyed it I'm
sorry my camera setup is weird at the
moment I'm in-between cameras right now
this video as many others are are
powered by the gumption tub which is a
really cool gathering of people online
who all want to find more gumption in
their lives that I run and you can find
out more about that in the description
it's called the gumption Club and it's
pretty cool and I do stuff like live
streams really really often into there
hopefully I do giveaways every week for
really cool books and stuffs I have so I
think is cool and thank you for watching
what what do you think about this echo
chamber thing have you been watching the
Laci green stuff involved or have been
watching more stuff like that with
people stepping out of their echo
chamber and or do you say your echo
chamber and feel guilty about it with
tell me the thing tell me things always
always serve the things serve me the
things folks let go
