and when will we push against the
boundaries of joy and then them to
splintering when will we love too much
and they called to hush in the library
of liberalism for even those who like 20
will still say this is too much we are
gorged on love songs and pregnant with
poetry birthing busking songs before
babies and opening ices for the end of
the world we are smitten with the
smithereens of respectable life left in
the Boxing Day wrappings of presents our
parents opened and squandered we will
not settle even when the dust does
moving on instead of moving in wishing
wallpaper onto the inside of train
carriages pinning plans to the fridges
of ourselves smoking out the stockings
because we don't ask for anything in any
way there is no mantelpiece now forward
my post to my ancestors so God knows
that when there is no way to move
forward we will have to move back when
the millenials cannot stay with their
parents we will pitch tents in the back
gardens of our heritage not LEDs and
trust funds but honest people with
little means rich in each other who know
not of meritocratic cries of justice but
just of chalice passing in bread
breaking if you still know how to listen
to forests instead of floor walk in town
criers
who will burn castles before their
neighbors barn who once wept away by
soliloquies and crooked women and stiff
linen she did not weave let your
ancestors tap you on the shoulder and
tip you off the Prime Minister has no
clothes we've already been led by one of
those robbing the rich to give to the
rich and never filled the common picture
when bandits become bankers what's your
wallet and your lands wolves can dress
and strong and stable hands this is our
land and just because you can't buy a
house does not change the fact that the
soil is still yours
you
