hello is anybody here
I don't know how do I even how do I even
share this share let's go okay we're
rolling
is anybody here really probably not okay
I'm gonna share this where am I gonna
share this Twitter that seems that seems
like a good place to share it let's go
on Twitter I'm gonna be very downplaying
this kind downplaying it oh hey time and
chair I like you you're here I'm yeah
I'm gonna be really shown in this video
guys cuz everyone's asleep but frankly
and I thought this might be a good time
to do it because if you are up it means
you've got some fucking time on your
hands and you have 10 minutes to help me
fill out this form hey Emily um okay so
I'm just gonna share this on Twitter
let's Witter let's see if it works it
gives a sec mate gives a sec oh fuck I
know views too many fucking left of
things ever like what those things
characters okay twe down to it okay done
okay why we're here guys what 20 people
here that's cool okay why we're here
guys is because there is a thing called
the gender recognition act and it is jus
where the homework is jus on the 19th of
October
now I've attempted to fill out this form
twice already and it seems like it's
pretty fucking hard and sometimes when
things are really hard they're just not
worth doing and sometimes and things are
really hard that means that the most
fucking worth doing in the whole world
and if people are making it hard there's
some people that might not want us to do
it and they're the people they're the
people you wanna prove wrong so the
gender recognition Act and I'm gonna
post some links in the chat and so you
can read all about it I'm gonna post
very helpful Stonewall article there it
is I'm gonna post a very helpful pool
article which I'll be using to fill out
the form there it is and if you'd like
to open your pages open your books at
page 28 this is here but basically in
2004 the gender recognition Act was
passed and at the time was quite
revolutionary but now it really needs
updating however there were a lot of us
out there who don't think so
and you better fucking though we're
filling out this long-ass form a long
time on their hands so I wanted to you
did slight gene because I know that it's
complicated I've tried it twice before
but now I've got a lot more resources
I've read a bit about it and if you
would like to know what am i doing up at
midnight good question I'm doing this
formatting this form and I'm very
hyperactive as a person I don't sleep
very much
I know fucking turfs Aaron fucking terse
anyway so um we won't go into this now
because I feel like if you're here you
probably do want to fill out the Act and
the Act and actually want to read it
from the government website so that I'm
saying it right what doesn't read if um
sperm or the gender recognition Act 2004
governs how trans people can have their
identity legally recognized this was
groundbreaking at the time and now is
seriously out of date and needs reform
and at the moment trans people and can't
self-identify or self define and
themselves legally they have to prove it
by going through a very long stressful
medical and psychological tests and it's
like super it just sounds like an utter
nightmare and my opinion on it is the
completely 100% support it as this woman
who's never had any issues with their
gender identity and but I realized that
because of my sisters because I can move
through the world in a really easy way
this doesn't feel that urgent to me in
some ways and it really fucking shit um
so I think it's easy for a lot of us to
miss this thing mainly because it hasn't
had that much appetite
around it for various different kinds of
agendas and because it doesn't feel like
it affects you but um you guys when you
fucking import and we're gonna do some
kind of basic introduction to it because
people who are trans can do much better
stuff to it so I really recommend that
you read all the articles around in
their moment that are written by trans
people and can I do this from Island if
you're in northern island you can if
you're in the Republic of Ireland
government is the UK government thing so
I don't think you can but thank you for
your support my twitter is so gay how
did I miss this I know I literally
fucking hiding it from us
anyway the deadlines in the nineteen
19th of October so please pass on the
message and yeah like not only is my
like formed opinion but I completely
support trans people in whatever they
would like to identify and I don't think
that they should be harassed or made to
prove anything to other people that
aren't experiencing it but on a wider
level I believe that gender
identification is a personal issue and
not a political one and in the same way
that I was talking about with the
Cosmopolitan article about I didn't go
into the science behind obesity I was
just like I think it's a fucking private
matter I feel the same about this I felt
like it shouldn't be a political issue
it's personal one and unfortunately so
that I can keep my nose out of other
people's gender identity I have to kind
of put my nose in other people's gender
identity by filling out its fuckin form
because that's just the way the world is
apparent in the moment some people
asking Q&A is about how I feel about the
stuff I'm not gonna go into that right
now I feel like if the most people here
they want to fill it out but I will say
in in a summary that helps that I was
thinking about the bus home that has
helped me kind of vocalize I'm always
just I feel like there's a lot of women
sitting in the metaphorical and physical
metaphorical windows toilets fucking
terrified of what is on the outside and
they think that they are hiding from men
and they think this act is gonna make
men
come into the toilets and somehow kill
them all and I feel like this is a very
basic analogy I'm sorry if I'm wrong
about this my ridiculous but I feel like
they think they're hiding in the toilets
the metaphorical winners toilets on them
but they're actually hiding from the
patriarchy it's a very different thing
and all the other people that need to
also be protect from the patriarchy
aren't being let in to the toilets do
you get is this a is this a bad metaphor
anyway I don't to answer your your
question I don't worry about sex based
protections being raised and trans
people move through these spaces anyway
and they haven't fucking cause that much
it was fucking din at the moment so I
really I don't
anyway um I don't worry about that you'd
like the toilets as a metaphor and just
reading the comments now rather than
actually filling out the form
procrastination homework life yeah I
agree
and somebody's user name is Shay
Mitchell 8 and before you think I've
missed you me somebody's general indie
name there's news only machines as I
found I had to save where I was when I
was filling out it took so long to
understand I can't believe they need
spousal approval I know don't even write
okay let's go to the forum so I'm gonna
post the link here again and for obvious
reasons I'm not gonna shit on screen one
because I'm not technically minded and
two because I'll probably accidentally
reveal my address or something horrific
like that so I'm only the first page
there are 25 pages there's only 6
minutes past midnight and so let's put a
timer on that let's see if I can do it
in 20 minutes a lot of people say it
takes 10 minutes with the Stonewall
guide I'm gonna give myself 20 because
my idiot anyway and he's inspiring this
is so inappropriate
and I hope you guys are good just
checking on Twitter to see there's been
shared out yeah um hopefully this will
serve as like something useful later
maybe people but if you're watching live
I hope you'll agree that if your apps
like I am young many things like a bed
yeah
and even if you did this is the most
important thing
people are really freaking out like I'm
filling out the form oh my god
okay let's do it okay so the first page
is not an individual information details
about you name caught it and I am
responding his individual checks that
I've put my organization which is purse
my name because the don't really
understand what I was thinking and my
number my dress and my email address so
that's called page two let's go and I'm
gonna post this and link to this article
in the pool as well because it guides
you through the questions how do I stay
better informed bus things are na LAN is
a long road but I did read and the
gender gains by Gina Dawson and it was
really really good really impressive and
also Paris Lee it was really good on
Twitter and there's lots of trans people
who talk on Twitter about it and they've
really educated me
okay so I've just posted the article a
few of you already done it so that's
cool maybe you guys can help us and so
according to this pool article we can
skip questions one and two because
actually I've read there was a lot of
info like interesting information I have
read some of this and about how many
people in the UK they estimate are and
trans or gender non-conforming and how
it affects them and they even say in the
copy that being transgender isn't a
mental illness which is a good thing for
them to recognize and as part of the
premise rather than that being one of
the things they're asking us and
hopefully you carry on the same kind of
sense
so anyway moving on to the next page
continue that's Carrie is who's with me
I don't know my delirious what time is
it okay any questions one one and two
experiences of trans respondents not us
I hope something's getting ASMR than
this and that's not was not me hasn't
passed that's very rude of me
that's I want to say Cass I mean the
Royal as in just me questions one and
two we can skip so
I'm going in that I always think it's
really important for people who are sis
to fill this out because me and today
the two groups that I envision filling
this out apart from six people are trans
people who actually experience there and
people you fucking hate trans people and
that is not going to be a great
cross-section for government to go off
when they're thinking about anyway
so fill it out man
okay questions three and four medical
reports and at the moment I need to
provide medical thoughts evidence we
gender dysmorphia and/or treatment they
need to collect documentation etc etc so
the question is do you think there
should be a requirement in future for
written diagnosis of gender dysphoria no
explain the reasons for this answer and
I mean mainly because being trans isn't
mental illness okay I'm gonna compose an
answer very fast let's see how I do I
hope you guys are following along so my
question three by the way
hey times up kids I wrote to the
question do you think there should be a
requirement in the future for the
diagnosis of gender dysphoria and I said
no and my response was no because
research shows that being trans isn't a
mental illness and diagnosis or a
failure to diagnose is too fraught with
bias and an unfair determination on
whether someone is owed the recognition
of their own identity number four do you
also think there should be a requirement
for report detailing treatment received
so that's asking if we should medical
eyes being trans
some weird things going on them comments
like oh hello bloody
anyway it's like it's just a fist bein
straight my man here okay number four I
need to pick up my pace we're gonna beat
my thing on this okay so basically
they're asking should we like medicalize
the diagnosis of being trans with a
report detailing treatment received and
my answer is it's a no from me Simon and
yeah
sound sound muscle work you know sound
it would seem to me that treatments vary
in their theoretical soundness and is in
phases logically sound and strips like
white said no it seems to me that
treatments vary in their theoretical
soundness and we should demilitarized
trans identities as it is invasive
logically unsound and strict people of
their rights
continue let's go feel free to post what
you've said in the coins below Oh
another for everyone's to be very
different that's why I'm not like
tweeting mine but and like it's kind of
like filling a new GCSE thing as no it's
just like
should you yes or no expanded please um
number five and number five do you agree
with an applicant that an applicant
should have to provide evidence that
they have lived in their quiet agenda
for a period of time before applying no
I don't think no it's gonna type in and
I'll tell you where process work or back
type guys why are you looking at me
okay to question five a do you agree
that applicants should have to provide
evidence that they have lived in there
quite gender for a period of time before
applying I have said no no because it
puts people at risk to ask them to live
without their legal rights that pertain
to their gender and the concept of the
test can be skewed also not also a
weight on on time that wrong and also a
week on also a week on being allowed to
realize a decision that could never to
negatively affect their mental health if
denied could cause serious emotional
trauma be if you answered yes to a I
didn't and they're asking if if the
current and evidence options are
appropriate or they could be amended
which is very thorough of them to ask to
be fair but I'm an answer that because I
said no and D on my own see if you
answered yes
no I answered no to that's fine d if you
answered no to a should there be a
period of reflection between making
application and being awarded a gender
recognition certificate I don't know
you're like well these other fucking
that's a bit weird
what would the pool said the pool said
no this will add time and complication
to a process the government is supposed
to be streamlining kept match rates the
myth that trans people do not know there
are mines and what's best for them
absolutely um yeah they put it even
better than me and even better than
being surprised next thing if I know
fucking nothing how God makes some
trolls in there in the comments that's
fine it's good to open things up isn't
it it's nice the world here together
Oh oh dear anyway sorry Tony won in the
Commons he's having what it's happening
anyway do you know what guys I'm going
to just delete your comments and not
because I hate you but because I
wouldn't let you say that I'm we're
living room so I'm not gonna let you say
in my chair just because we're not here
to debate the validity of trans people
we're here to talk about how to fill out
a form
supporting trans people so that's why
I'm deleting your comments because we're
trying to have a productive conversation
I'm sorry right okay anyway I hope I
hope that everybody has a more healthy
discussion in the comments if you are
here please feel free to feel - feel
free to fill the comments with nice
things and to drown those people out and
but I am thanks thanks Nathan James says
transfer very valid I agree Nathan and I
will just be deleting people who say
shit about trans people in the comments
because like I said you can say on your
own channel but you're not saying it
online anyway where we guys and I'm game
for 16 minutes already
but you guys feels that in your only
wait days to do as much as we're so they
do I think they should be a reflection
time now because a reflection time seems
the knighting not too
okay I said with my angry bashing I
can't really put this look with the long
answers because we're only on fucking
while we on to these question five but I
said to the question if you answered no
to a you should there should there be a
period of reflection between making the
application of being watered gender
recognition certificate and I said no
because a reflection time seems
patronizing not to pose a false
equivalence but we wouldn't ask this of
someone wishing to change another aspect
of their identity or future we don't do
this for marriage or not for long we
don't do this for abortion we don't do
this for changing a name or buying a
house or any other personal choice that
isn't the government's concern or
business when we give people privacy and
Trust for them for these more trivial
decisions when it comes to something as
important as trans recognition why are
we taking away their rights to declare
themselves as the gender they already
are next question thanks question from
the jury how we doing in the comments
guys okay I think we're getting oil okay
now that's good some people of them Oh
lovely Michael Michael says I have a
reputation for being stinky get some
deodorant you third world third person
so we're just gonna hide that comment
carry on guys and dad over Erin's help
you in the comments rep cheers man home
I hope Mike
that wasn't me okay that was cool I
don't hear that without Michael but it
was very it did let me feel like anyway
let's continue shall we what we on
question six do you think this
requirement should be retained
regardless of what other changes are
made to the gender recognition system
this is worded very strangely do you
think this requirement
what requirement alright currently
applicants for gender recognition
certificate must make a statutory
declaration as part of the process do
you think is quite mature we retained
regardless of what other changes are
made to the recognition system so like
it would just be a simple thing rather
than the big test is so unclear wait I'm
going to read a little bit more
but I mean that's the point there isn't
it they want to make a they want to make
that I felt as worded like you'd want to
say no even though the answer is yes
well my answer is yes your answers can
be whatever you want it to be yes
variation so I said yes I think the
simple process for my understanding and
it's similar to other legal binding
declarations be if he answered yes to
aging the statute iteration should state
the application intends to live
permanently in their required gender
till death I mean we don't ask that a
fucking marriage do not really to
pertain it to marriage but you know I
mean unlike other things that
governments get involved in Syria legal
legal identity no it's important the
book of the Paul saying no and although
it's important the people and intend
their gender is permanent siness era to
include this clause making it for an
avocation is already illegal in people
seeking decision okay cool so I think
people should be able to and pull it
back if it's the right thing for them
that's why anyway okay so be is a no
from me I think that the death thing is
a bit so see if you answered no to a
answered yes to a um so that's fine okay
going on we're going on going there come
on internet I believe in you
we're still alive which is amazing some
way
no associates his Michael causing more
problems in their comments and I
wouldn't comment bigotry Oh Michael you
can't call Andy it that's we can but
it's because it's not offensive but
what's happening I'm just gonna do it
what's happening
so I shouldn't laugh for you guys
they're actually taking them down that's
cool cool cool cool anyway let's
continue I hope you guys a fitting
flowers so they're just replying to the
trolls email because it's the full
monies who filled out and the government
no question seven the government is keen
to understand more about the spousal
consent provisions for married persons
in the gender recognition app do you
agree with these provisions so the
provisions are that we considered the
requirement that marries trans
applicants must have the consent of
their spouse in order to make a
successful application and with her
before I'm shocked by that first mahuri
and I'm sure on the second time just
hearing it is like so anyway that is a
no for me no
we canvassed or like agency and some
other agency and dignity I says no let's
leave legato PETA meritorious control
and possible manipulation this decision
should be one made independently for the
applicants full agency and dignity
because I think it would be really
undignified if that was the case okay
number eight do you think the fees
should be a move from the process
painfully which gender recognition yes
why should you have to pay for that to
be if you answer no to a do you think
the fee should be reduced while answered
yes that's fine see what are the
financial posture transit with your face
and playing and what are the impact of
these costs and there's lots of legal
stuff is and I was reading about it
earlier I said I think and my
understanding access is restricted on a
flax which is basics you may react costs
actually forgotten you go there even
though you're here with me it's quite
feeling quite natural maybe I should
live stream more so when you're here in
the room well maybe not all of you some
of you and quite a Don in the room
judging for this chat
oh my god okay how do I I came hiding
you sorry I didn't realize I could hide
people I'm new to this thing I'm guys
Michael is gone he's renegade mainly
Keely told us all to go to church and we
know that is a bugbear of mine in
particular some people's like Michael go
to bed it's okay and my choice Michaels
gone from my life snug is he had he had
many chances anyway
and because I don't really know the
costs of what I could weeks that asked
me see if asking what kind of costs are
they then that makes it so expensive am
i all right calm down form and so I've
just said from my understanding access
is restricted on a class and Rich's
basis due to a myriad of costs I would
like my tax money to go towards paying
for any costs incurred and although I
would ask a transit but I'm asked what
costs that might be next question I hope
you're all enjoying filling out your
forms oh my god why are these people go
away sorry I'm gonna you're gone come on
it's like swatting flies in here doesn't
it
like I said we can have that decision
another time and I mean we have that
debate our time I mean some people won't
have time for you but other people right
now at the moment we are people who
would like to fill in this act trying to
fill it out okay next question I'm an
int Kayla cooking gas and do you think
the prior the privacy in disclosure of
information provisions in Section 22
recognition are adequate how ice
somebody's supposed to fill this out so
so okay section 22 of the GRA is
intended to protect the privacy of
people and who have a G bar C applied
for one obviously that would be amazing
do you think the privacy in slavery
relations which drinking are adequate
I'm just reading all the information on
there well skim reading Africa's I'm
pretty sure I just wanted to have as
much privacy as possible
okay according to this pool article and
some roughly stonewalled information
it's not adequate so I would like it to
me as private as possible and I'm going
to express so much in this section 9 do
you think the privacy disclosure
information and provisions in section 22
of the general are adequate no see again
this is a hard form to fill out really
because if your opinion is it's none of
my business and please ask the trans
people what they need
stop asking assist people then some of
these questions like you wouldn't
naturally know that much about it so
it's hard to answer in a way that's kind
of like I just want you to ask them what
they need and believe them and I think
we're going through it okay questions
handle and an 11 impact of legal gender
recognition process what the access
what characteristics are protected by
law okay so just listing all the ways
that you are your characteristics are
and protected by law so sex race sexual
orientation
if you're someone who has question
tenders if you ask someone who either
has or would want to undergo legal
gender transition mmm
so that's not me so I don't think I need
to fill this one i n I don't feel that
although that was very informative I
didn't know all of that and they go back
and read about it later and I knew about
the Equality Act what I didn't realize
all those things were covered in it so
that's very very nice very nice and so
skip 10 and because I don't I'm not
currently deprived one and I don't
envision myself apply for us we can skip
10 and 11 so we don't want to reform the
Equality Act because I'm just gonna be
something that now sucking this is is
it's complicated but I'm glad I'm doing
it we're halfway through let's keep
going um
okay okay
kicking on gas who's here anybody lived
in the dream it's not a very accessible
questionnaire I do think it's important
we fill it in to the best of our ability
and I've left those if you scroll up to
the top you'll see their links I've left
and and I'll put them in the description
this video when it goes live and for you
to watch later and they are really
helpful and I've read the pool article a
few times before I went lives so that
was very helpful and but yeah it's not a
very accessible questionnaire Sophie I
completely agree it's using a lot of I
mean it's trying to catch not catch you
out but it's trying to be like what do
you think and I'm like well I'm not a
professional I'm just saying that these
are the principles anyway do you think
that do you think the participation of
trans people in sport as governed by the
Equality Act of 2010 will be affected by
the change the change in the gender
recognition Act again I
it's no but like I can't I'm not an
expert so I can completely express why
and the pools answer is very good I
think I want to tweak that because Paul
says no the government has been very
clear on the Equality Act and as a few
Americans here that's cool watch me fill
out I'm recording and live stream for 44
minutes this is not it's okay guys we're
still doing it it's fine okay and
question 13 a do you think the operation
of the single sex and separate sex
service eggs that why there's so many
estimate explanations in relation to
gender initially effective punch in
English in the Recognition Act
this came all more complicate guys look
on master's degree yeah the poor make a
good point think they already says at
the beginning that they're not going to
they're not proposing any amends to the
Equality Act and then all these
questions are just aimed at that so I'm
just going to be lying make no to
everyone and then just quote them which
at the beginning of their thing they're
like we're not proposing any amends the
Equality Act 2010 so this question is do
you think that the operation of single
sex animal will be affected no I don't
because you just said that it wouldn't
if you provide a single or separate
service do you feel confident this
proper feels like it's trying to cast
you out slightly ask to see the question
one way and then another and that's
super weird Aaron says ten minutes my
ass yeah no it's not it's good that
you're saving it sick and I'm gonna keep
going
but yeah it's is longer I've been told
this so I got told that this no more one
was ten minutes but then I've also got
told and by other sources and it doesn't
give you all the questions in the
Stonewall one so perhaps that means that
they're not all vital ones but I just
wanted to be there the three one would
be thorough okay and okay then
experience missing vote be able to
access support no I'm not and yes as he
was at the federal support case that's
not me okay mission fourteen check
Twitter because an alarming amount of
notifications just check my things going
off okay it's fine do you think the
operation of the occupational
requirements exception in relation to
gender reassignment
and the Equality out of the affected by
transgender no it's got always things
that are like what's your job to make
sure that they don't affect anything
they shouldn't affect and the operation
for communal accommodation exception in
relation to gender no because I believe
transferred the women so if they want to
access these surveys that's what they're
there for
do you it said that you wouldn't do you
think the operation Armed Forces no
because you said that it wouldn't change
the Equality at home just copy and paste
that again in there and cheating the
operation of the marriage exception in
relation trans people will be affected
by the gender recognition app authorized
for according to their religious rights
no because you said it wouldn't I just
read that really long religious one and
I was like I don't really understand
what you're asking me I hope you're not
asking me if I think they'll infringe on
the rights of religious people that
feels like a very complicated issue I'm
going to say no because it's still it's
still okay do you think the operation of
the insurance exception no because you
said it wouldn't and also so this is do
the life insurance accident insurance do
you think that allow them to be affected
I kind of not an expert but you just
said they would have nothing at our
place to still put me out forward and
then short sort those things out think
we're changing the regeneration at one
time more public services okay so
nineteen do you think it would improve
do you think that changes to the gender
recognition I went in the pattern areas
of law and public services and the
Equality Act yes it will improve the
public services better more accurate
data being people's easier access to
them
next you can get in a bit like all right
now I know I just feel like they're
trying to catch you out I can't help
thinking I thought I'll be complicated
but each question will be anyway do you
think that number two question twenty
we're almost there guys
how many minutes there knowing I don't
want to look 15 minutes in keep rockin
yes we can do this relate to both face
you've probably been seeing my face go
let's give that was in the thumbnail
super immaculate I agree Paul
was very useful my housemate round told
me about it just before I live streams
because I'm now twist question 20 is a
kicker it's not good girl it's very easy
do you think there need that there needs
to be do you think that there needs to
be changes have they made an error in
their actual own do you think that there
need to be change oh no you are right
I'm just so tired sorry and got you ki I
questioned your grandma that was rude of
me you do I think I am do you think that
there needs to be changes to the gender
recognition act to accommodate
individuals who identify as non-binary
yes yes I do
can I put exclamation marks and
something although stop will take me so
seriously yes a human and a sensible
move that's what I'm gonna say yes there
we go
okay question 20 skip basic question 21
is for intersex people only and it's
amazing they have that question and I
can skip it low and end the 22 oh my god
how many questions are there okay 25 any
further comments oh my god it's really
done okay I'm gonna try and read this
sorry guys you can read along with me if
you're also on page 22 and she's don't I
do have it further comments do you have
any further comments yes I do
I think it's really
in 50 minutes in Roman what's happening
there lies um okay I think it's it's
pretty great this recognition that
includes discussions from the general of
course you can sorry this past time is
that that time was a good time because
what else a people doing it's time in
the morning submission so I've said and
I think it's really great this
recognition a platform includes
discussion from the general public
however I feel trans answer the survey
should be prioritized of assists
submissions okay
number 23 which I was told was only 22
but it's fine we're here is so far it's
like you're already in the car and then
your mom lies you're worried you know
holiday and you're like well I guess
we're in the car now and can we publish
your response yes including my name just
don't don't do my dress that that'd be
great because Michael in the comments
might come for me there's so many people
Aaron says hi Roman this two more pages
oh my god okay and I may wish to contact
you again in the future
I can drop me
you know I'm a whenever you need or they
don't know why you need my opinion on
this anyway but that's fine whatever
almost even they're excited that we're
almost like a tax return doesn't it what
I mean is the same website it's like no
tax return my response it's cooking them
my response has been submitted ok we're
finished we're done
look all these people does anybody else
do it or maybe this I'm gonna leave this
up and tell it closes so hopefully
people will find it useful and I'm gonna
post the links I promote in the comments
oh no oh no miss curls when I was a
young questions praying pray for you
pray for you send it up this is anyway I
do think they were trying to trick us
though there were a lot of questions
that were like backwards and forwards
anyway um ok well Godspeed to you all it
is 5:00 to 1:00 in the morning and that
was a good ten minute job wasn't it
you know I've got some X's in the check
the kisses I don't know if you can
complete 4:16 I'm sure it'll tell you on
the phone somewhere okay thank you for
watching bye for life and and boys
