hey and welcome back to justice my frog
if you haven't been for just gives my
frogs benefit for about six seven eight
eight years and its place where I lean
and orms talk about books poetry
politics and pretty much anything that
affects our day to day lives as long as
it isn't boring the third I struggle
would summarize what this channel is and
because I struggle to summarize what it
is I often deprioritize it in my head I
think that's linked to another thing I
struggle with which is trying to explain
why I'm living like what is my manifesto
what is my thing and I always see also
excluded and so and not enthused and so
turned off by the idea of live laugh
love I feel like loads of people have
these these kind of phrases that explain
their life you know people have like a
thing like every moment counts or this
too shall pass
I never had a word or a phrase I wanted
tattooed on my body or that I wanted to
live by until until a few years ago when
I rewatched from my favorite films the
holiday no I thought somewhere really
important to be beautiful to get about
now exact please got into you I don't
know I think why I got in something
slightly resembling gushes
I finally got gumption I don't know why
I stayed of me so much but I just got
really attached to this word gumption I
just wanted to talk to you about it
today and what it means to me so
gumption sounds like a silly word it
sounds like you've stepped on something
squishy and you're in a state of not
being able to take it off the bottom of
your shoes it sounds to me awkward
British eccentric and just a weird word
then I looked at the meaning of it and I
was like that is exactly explains
exactly what I want to be doing Kate
Windsor in this scene doesn't have
something as simple as bravery she
doesn't discover something as simple as
truth she finds something in between and
she calls it gumption the dictionary
definition of gumption is to be shrewd
and spirited and I love both of those
things together in one to be sure it is
to be a suit is to show sharp powers of
reason and judgment and to be spirited
is to be full of spirit of enthusiasm of
energy of dedication and of being
determined I think when I try and think
about what I want to be I want to be a
rational optimist I don't want to sit in
this spiritual camp I think I used to
sit and of like everything's fine and
everyone loves each other and I also
don't want to sit in this camp of don't
you know we're all doomed it makes sense
on paper and I think that explains a lot
of what I want my content to be like
going forward it's really helped me as
like a word to keep in my head sometimes
when I'm struggling because the gumption
isn't something that you inherently are
it's something you've got it's not like
when somebody is brave they've like
built it up over a long period of time
they're expected to be it afterwards and
they almost own this title of brave like
it scales like this kind of Katniss word
that you you are this huge character
that can do anything and I never ever
feel like that and I think some people
think that I do and it's just not true
like I doubt myself every single day I
always have a voice in my head that's
like who do you think you are what do
you think you're doing and this idea of
gumption is something I love because
it's just a moment-to-moment action it's
just a you don't have to be brave all
the time you don't have to it's just
it's just you have to have a moment it's
asking of you one decision you can't say
I'm Gump sure that's not a thing you
have to say I have gumption I'm doing
this with gumption I love that on that
note I wanted to talk about so
exciting that I'm working towards being
able to offer you guys so I've been
making content for free on this channel
forever and I love that and I want to
keep doing that and also some of you
might know that I am working towards
releasing a podcast called I'm not being
funny but cover release here what that
is going to be up in the next few weeks
oh I'm working on releasing that but
I've also been inspired by Amanda Palmer
and this book the art of asking which I
bloody love to think more about what
resources I can use how can I make this
sustainable involve more discussions
involve more people take more time over
things and what Amanda Palmer does is
talk about that this idea of being
looked at and being seen and I think the
perception of youtubers when the
traditional press first discovered them
was like things to be looked at they're
things to be studied strange new species
to be put in jars and stared at I think
some YouTube creators have been affected
by that and have started acting in that
way a way that means they want to be
looked at they want to be inspected
it's QA about themselves it's vlog about
their day it's that's really cool but
without that bigger framework of wanting
to be seen and not just to be looked at
it starts to mean nothing I wanted to
create the space for a long time with
patreon to gather together some people
who wanted to take ownership recited it
this idea it make to be accountable for
it and helped me to grow it she says
when you are looked at your eyes can be
closed
you suck energy steal the spotlight when
you are seeing your eyes must be open
you are seeing and recognizing your
witness you're accepting energy and you
generate energy you create light one is
exhibitionism the other is connection I
think there's a lot of shame around
asking for help and I certainly for the
last of nearly eight years been trying
to do this on my own and while I've been
supporting other creators on patreon for
years I've always felt bashful about
having a page and not really pushing it
and not really knowing what to offer you
guys and what to give you back this word
recently gumption really helped me to
clarify what I wanted to do with that
page so for those of you who don't know
patreon is a place where you can tip
creators for the things they make and
help them keep making it and I always
felt weird being tipped myself as me so
instead what I've done is turn that page
into something called the gumption clubs
there will still be completely free
videos on this channel as frequently as
they have been before but if you want to
join the gumption Club you can give a
dollar per creation which is like 7080
in UK money you can cap it per month so
you're not paying more than your budget
is I support Dodie and Mary and Daniella
and I give them $1.00 per thing but I
think I can only afford to give say five
dollars in total per month so a cap it
at five and after the fifth dollar they
post I finish my payment I don't pay
anything else that month being as a
member of the gumption Club is something
that I want to be a really exciting
thing so not only can you join a secret
Facebook group with only other gumption
club members in where I will be chatting
all the time and posting previews of
things asking your guys opinions on
stuff and getting you to meet each other
there is also a free exclusive download
of a poetry collection I've put together
which is just available for the gumption
Club at the moment it's in audio and it
is called the plan maker and I'm really
proud of it if you like my poetry videos
I hope you will like that too at the end
of the 40 day series I did a live stream
and I really enjoyed it so I'm going to
be doing a live stream just for gumption
Club members every month and I'm also
going to be running a book giveaway of
lovely feminists or cool books that I
like and sending them to one gumption
club member worldwide there's no doubt
going to be loads more fun Clubhouse
things that we can have fun with but
this is just a way to come and sit in a
tree house with me and chat about life
I'm really excited about the way that
I've resolved that issue in my head
because I think it's been an issue and
anxiety my head for about two years so
if you'd like to find out more I will
leave links everywhere so you can
explore more about joining the gumption
Club more importantly I'd love to hear
your guys words or phrases that you
think do you actually symbolize your
life something you might want to get
tattooed that kind of explains a lot for
you my wounded gumption by one here's
thanks for watching much appreciated and
I will see you in my next one
frogs nog out
