hello that time of the life again this
is part of a series called 40 days of
questions I am answering lots of your
questions during Lent today's question
is anonymous so I thought I would just
paraphrase it basically the question is
what do you do to be there for somebody
who is struggling with something and you
can't do anything about it I was talking
about this the other day because I think
quite rightly there's lots and lots and
lots of information out there for people
who are struggling with things and that
is most important and autumn and
underfunded undervalued etc a top of the
priority list however sometimes there's
very little room to talk about and being
there for somebody who is struggling
with something and often I can feel like
I'm doing it really wrong and I
definitely think I've changed my
approach to it over the years because I
think sometimes your your panic response
or your gut response or what you do and
you're trying to be there for somebody
isn't always the best one but it depends
I think there's this thing when you're
growing up like being like talk to your
friends about your problems but really
the subtext there that is not they will
just help with your friends will have
the answers which is wrong it's the most
important thing and to talk to people
especially people that care about you
about the things they're going through
but you shouldn't expect them to have
the answers and as somebody who are
supporting somebody you should also feel
like you don't have to have the answers
I used to use thing where somebody would
come to me with a problem I know I would
instantly one form an opinion on it for
them and then to try and find an instant
solution then some people did that to me
and I was like oh this is the most
unhelpful thing ever and sometimes it
feels like inaction or like you're not
caring to not have a fully formed verbal
paragraph response to something
somebody's talking to you about but
actually saying less is a lot more
valuable it takes you off center stage
it takes I know that friendship is
supposed to be two-way but when somebody
has an issue I feel like 75% of the
conversation should be there so I think
it's worth consciously
leaving room to go instead of going oh
well I tell you I heard about somebody
who had that problem and here's what
they did to one validate their feelings
of helplessness see sometimes some
problems do see even sort the seem
insoluble if you say oh here's the
answer duh and not only have they got
this huge problem a solution that why
not work they also got all the shame of
not having thought of that themselves
that they're so inadequate they can't
even think of the right solution for
themselves arrogance is a huge thing to
lay down when you're talking about
somebody else's problem I think instead
of doing all here's the answer and start
asking smarter questions that's the
alarm for my chips coming out of the
oven so to be important it's asking
thoughtful questions about the stories
that they have not petty ones or what
time did that happen but more kind of
and had that happened before or had that
person said that before or what was your
relationship like with them before
trying to contextualize their problem
for you through curiosity they're asking
about the history of it is I think
really helpful when the time is right
and you're talking about it to ask
leading questions like and what's the
next step or who else have you told
about this we don't know the answer is
there anybody who would know the answer
and how do we find them it's always
precursory
opinions that you do have about the
situation with well you know better than
me but it would seem from my end that
and then also I know that I've had some
friends in the past that have had really
huge issues that I'm like that feels
like it should be reported to the police
or that feels like something that should
definitely be dealt with by adults and
in some case is that's appropriate
especially if you think their immediate
risk but I think there's also an
argument for especially if people feel
like they have lost to control in this
situation well their agency has been
taken away from them to be a further
person in their lives to take that
agency away and say hey I know what's
best for you can kind of you know make
you you can add to the problem rather
than be part of the solution
so there's always the increment you know
hey this is this sounds like the best
thing for you the safest thing for you
to do the the most logical thing for you
to do if they say yeah they want to do
it then maybe set a time limit with him
I'm gonna cool when are you gonna do it
like do you want me to check in with you
is there any way I can make it easier
for you to do um sorry I mean really
vague here I know I think that's like
necessary um but then if they if they
don't feel like it's the right time to
do it just give them all the information
they need and make sure that they still
feel like they are in control of their
situation
yeah I don't know I don't really want to
say any more on that I think it's just
um being empathetic and also if it's an
issue that you have no idea about try
not to ask the person in that moment to
educate you on the topic so say if it's
like LGBT issues I have self-harm issues
eating disorder issues try if you can
and go away and read about that topic
and independently before you come to
them with really basic questions about
it I think that's really important to
not put an extra burden on somebody by
going I don't understand this could you
explain it to me slowly I think it's
really cool to ask somebody could you
explain it to me from your point of view
or can you explain to me how you
experience it but having a base level
there's so much information out there
and that it's really great to skip that
step of asking somebody's emotional
labor and really utilizing the kind of
material that people have already put
out there willing me for you to get your
grubby little mitts on and does that
make any sense
sorry I Spit for down day today I'm
getting quite ill how are you guys
feeling I'm feeling a bit oh yeah I
think I think that's it but to be honest
I didn't even have the answers to how to
be there for people and so I'd love if
you guys can share in the comments like
tips on how you've been there for people
or if you've had issues in your life
what has been the best thing for you
what's been the worst thing so it's
always good to to read what the caught
somebody else has done that was really
shitty to be like okay cool I won't do
that and so yeah I don't know this is
kind of hard topic and I know it's
getting really late in the month but I
thought it was like one I would like to
address I feel like we have so many
great minds here in the comments section
of this channel with it like I thought
I'd just like reach out to you guys and
be like hey hive mind how do we do this
thank you for watching at 40
of questions my name is Lynn uh if you'd
like to watch playlists you can click
here I look forward to reading all of
your very wise comments and I will see
you tomorrow
frogs knock out
