good day and welcome to 40 days of
questions I am answering one of your
questions every day and learn part from
Sundays because of the rules
Christina farms he asks does the
competitive side of YouTube work-life
ever get you down
how do you keep a clear head about it I
had to think hard about this one just
because I think that I am quite
competitive but I'm also like I don't
really get that sad if I lose I think
it's because of the following yesterday
I was watching a Tony Robbins
documentary Tony Robbins I recognized
most prominently from shallow how in
which he plays himself and I'm not gonna
lie a lot of the documentary made me
feel a bit weird but I do like a lot of
his principles and I think that he
genuinely cares he's just kind of like I
don't know he's what I would tribute to
being a Marisa although I know that's
probably not the right way to explain it
he charges like five thousand dollars
per week long seminar and you'd go and
you kind of cry a lot about your life
and you realize things but it seems a
little bit coati anyway the point is
that part of his healing process for a
lot of people is getting them to really
think about their manifesto and like
what they what the mission statement of
their life is and that is something that
makes sense to me because sometimes I
think we act on impulse or we act on
fear and we don't have a clear idea of
what we're really aiming for and whether
what we're doing is going towards that I
think the way schools are feeds into
this a lot the way that you're
constantly marked against your
classmates not only in spirit but
literally as in the way that GCSEs work
at least is the split between an A and a
B is completely dependent on how the
whole country did in that subject just
that year so somebody who got be in 2004
might have got an A in 2005 person we're
getting off topic I think that when you
have a clear manifesto of what you're
trying to achieve it's easier to be
motivated by competition and also let it
go for example my manifesto for my job
is to get better at it but my manifesto
for my career is to get more people
reading that's why that's the driving
force behind every decision I make being
and publishing is to make people who do
read realize the value of books and pay
for them reduce for them better books
and also to find the people who aren't
reading as much as they could and see if
we can produce books that they like so
when I see people around me not doing
their jobs to that end
or IC company's not really working
towards that that's that's the
competitive streak in me that comes out
because I want to be like I can do that
I don't think you're doing it right I
think I could do it better or I think I
could do it in a cool away or and when I
see somebody doing it really good and
doing it in this way that's amazing I
want to be part of it because they're
achieving my manifesto but I don't want
to stop them doing it because my
manifesto is the most important thing
but I do want to be part of it and
questions are more like how can I
support them how can I help them grow
not how can I stop them from doing this
cool thing they're doing and start doing
it myself the other thing is identifying
your competition say if you're on your
degree and your classmate is doing a lot
better than you in the long run how is
that going to affect your life were
probably going to go into different
careers even if you both came lectures
you'd probably be lecturing at different
universities reaching different students
so it doesn't ultimately matter and ego
why is whether you're worse or better
than your classmate but it does matter
whether you're better or worse when
you're thinking about what you're going
to do with that degree so you can use
the way somebody is better to inspire
you but there's no need to feel anger or
animosity towards the person who's doing
well I was think with books for instance
it's identifying who you're being
competitive with like with books
I don't think publishers are in as
direct competition with each other as
they think
let's mirror the real thing that people
in publishing are up against or
competing for people's time where TV
Netflix YouTube Twitter staring blankly
into space on the tube listening to
music on your commute ultimately you're
trying to Commission books make products
weave stories that are better or more
interesting or more compelling than
those things I don't think it's always
what books somebody picks up once
they're in a bookshop it's getting them
in there in the first place it's getting
them to hear about it when they're not
in a bookshop I'm not really worried
about the people who are already in book
shops I always make this about
publishing
it's got my favorite thing in the
workplace there is literally nothing
worse than working with somebody who
thinks they're in competition with you
never be that person there's always
something you don't know but there's
always something you can find out faster
than somebody else and swapping
information makes everyone smarter and
the whole company do better I think in a
lot of places women in the workplace can
feel particularly threatened by others
just because I feel like we've been
there less time I feel like there's less
for us in management on some level
subconsciously or consciously you're
aware of that and it sucks because in a
lot of cases it ends up self imploding
and neither person gets the promotion
because they've been trying to tear down
each other and that is the most
devastating unfeminist situation to
witness in a workplace but in the same
way hopefully if you find a job that you
like you're not always doing your job so
you shine the brightest in the same way
we're not working towards feminism just
so you can get to the top it is
genuinely funner if everyone is there to
see ya I do get drives of like
especially with like say YouTube I see
somebody's video and I go I want to do
that like they covered this topic but
they missed out all of these things and
they're like really good things to be
driven by but only because it changes
the way you use your time or your
resources not because you're trying to
take anybody else's resources away
Christina I hope that answers your
question thank you for watching 40 days
of questions you can watch the playlist
by clicking here you can subscribe by
clicking here if you really want and and
I will see you tomorrow
