hello and welcome to your 40 days of
questions today
I've got Jean in the house hi Jean good
so today's question which fume ask me is
how Tuesday wore informed how do you
have to stay up on are quite hairy
nefarious genus although most informed
people I know so sometimes I just listen
to her speak and go and just buying the
beers until she uses vases to maybe not
get all of your information from one
person my coffee we can share - Ettore
that we're drinking Bailey's coffees out
of penguin book mugs with those people
not hot and so need you to put together
a little stock little starter kit for
you guys
and I still feel like I need this
starter kit so I'm really interested to
see what you've included but it's just a
wet wet Whistlestop tour to get dipping
your toe nail into politics so I think
it's not really included in my thing
syllabuses politics current affairs but
its current business it's constantly
changing and it's also maybe a little
bit I'm too simplified to expect to like
this is easier and then suddenly you
know everything you know I'm doing there
is so many sources
everything's constantly changing it's
just about trying your hardest to stay
informed and and you know it's not like
you'll get to a point where you're like
and now I'm in full levels up yeah but
it can be really intimidating as well
very intimidating it's like I suppose
like I was looking because I grew up in
a very very politically engaged high
school so just felt like the natural way
to be so that was easier for me but even
then actually especially growing up and
leaving home going to me it's still
quite intimidating if you've a nature to
just be like what am i doing what about
where am I actually it's become like
almost life or anything at this point to
not know and I'm trying to make here for
a day like I'm like oh maybe I could
declutter my room or I can actually go
and how power works because I'm still
not very sure all right you listen to a
podcast wealthy country human alone
in playing oh my god round one is read
what are we what are we reading to get
informed newspapers for time online
visit yeah I mean let's be honest I love
news sometimes find it really useful to
read physical yes because then it goes
into my head more and it also means I'm
not getting nude like thankfully in a
real newspaper notifications on yes I a
past you as we're trying to read okay so
mine is my phone I don't say it's really
funny probably is funny usually I don't
know the actual news that I read I and
then I'm like what is that news story
actually about it's not the best way to
go about it oh yeah
which ones do you recommend I'm supposed
to be twice I don't we trust but I don't
really trust a single newspaper I'm the
rebbe journalist I have preferential
yeah preferences for and I've developed
over time and but then suddenly someone
can write something I deeply disagree
with I think it doesn't I don't feel
like I have to agree 100% with everybody
I get my news from newspapers a lot of
it's more commentary and in-depth
analysis than like whatever what's the
word like news Alaric's we go the BBC
yeah like so I would just try and keep
it varied you know read a bit of it's
hard because I mean let's let's be right
there I'm pretty like women dude is the
physical representation of mine Angie
was political persuasion I wanted to get
the Guardian Wheatley which I don't I
should know existed but it's super cheap
and it also needs your game all of the
most important news from that week yeah
so really just weed out what you what
might have just passed or what I don't
know I find news in retrospect really
interesting and there's also a company
called solo journalism who do like it's
called under that they have a magazine
called delayed gratification well they
only do analysis on stuff that has
happened in the past okay but like three
four months later perspective on it
I like regarding online I like
independent online yeah I am this goes
in to be done watch five I read the Al
Jazeera app on my phone and I read BBC's
news stories when I go into like serve
before I start working the morning
that's usually where I look at I think
the most important takeaway is to read a
variety
don't just get your your information
from one source but also don't just read
the headlines beat to the end of the
article because I can be store
misleading fun fact journalists don't
write the titles for their own articles
so some articles can be really great
journalistic ethics but the copy the
copy writer who writes the titles will
tie flip something completely different
yeah I mean journalist there's no
control over that
yeah so other things to read and I've
got occupy by Noam Chomsky I know you've
got a lot of like dessert unless they're
Noam Chomsky on top simondon obvious
it's not so much current events by she
does ethos keep rate in so he's got some
crazy that whole book called occupy and
earn your money pages and it's all about
the history of protest why should
protest now and that the back has a
little guy for what you do if you do get
arrested well occupy goods really sore
I remember one stack one on a
demonstration and we're all set on the
bus home to write with a lawyer's number
on their arm in case you got arrested
that's a I've got is really good to stay
informed on current events but don't
underestimate the value of all the
reading stuff that happened you know a
few years ago or a few decades ago
because it actually has a lot of
anything I have time what's happening
now and might better inform you and help
you understand why that's happening know
so the policies were introduced in the
1980s to have an impact on us and it's
like the millennial generation or even
like the Sony players oh god I was quite
young during that I'm not really sure
like pretty sure we did a lot of damage
there's also put good Harry's last and
Mojo still enough 92 year old and
Twitter but it's Galactus follow Harry
on to it right so he lived through the
depression before the NHS he lived
through both wars and still around
commenting on what's happening now and
its relationship to where Britain was
not that long ago and I really like that
one John C establishment and also has
never cooked chives and which are very
relevant if
and I think actually there can be a
focus on sort of American politics even
if you don't live in North America yeah
so it's it's good to be familiar with
stuff that's going on the magnitude yeah
subir and Brett and I like when Jones in
general form on Twitter don't agree with
everything he says he does round to
watch what should we be watching when
Jones on YouTube way also Jonathan pine
who is a spoof movie comedian who plays
a spoof newsreader and it's what that
what he imagines newsreaders say between
the tapes yeah but obviously from the
perspective of a specific like he again
was quite very left-leaning in he
obviously commented on that perspective
and the characters things like ceiling
watch box a week this isn't that
stressful no it's lots of hilarious
people that also are working hard to
make music yeah I think good committee
very very clever and observing on stuff
that's happening around them you also
talking to me about meet the Lord's
anyway I'm so excited to watch this me
the Lord's is the best thing was coming
the BBC or Wales it's amusing its
documentaries CDs in three parts that
they filmed last year in 2016 and each
one focuses on a different kind of
aspect or the House of Lords and it was
behind the scenes in the House of Lords
follows barons and Baroness's gives you
a breakdown of how the House of Lords
works and their legislative power and I
always knew who came over by the House
of Lords but I didn't realize how much I
didn't know like how much impact that
they can have on legislation and it sort
of follows dumps you know when he coming
for the Dubs amendment which was to let
child refugees into the country so they
drew the nitty-gritty stuff when it
comes to new policy and they tried to
fight for retaining
the rights of European citizens living
in the Britain which the House of
Commons / revealed unfortunately but
they you know actually the House of
Lords despite not being an elected body
are quite often very much on the signal
that people do really interesting if it
is it directed like the Kardashians
that's how I'm picturing in my head it's
like it's important it's not boring and
enjoyable the third one was just like
watching the news yeah what's the news
watch lot of different news is again
gonna just like say in love I was a zero
because not only not North American
focus but not a British focus like you
know people who do live especially the
Western world have very just different
perspective of the what's important news
that we don't hear a half the stuff that
happens in the Middle East yeah so like
get your news from somewhere that isn't
just a boyfriend and referee is listen
what are we listening to you've got a
lot of workers
oh I'm gonna do more podcasts videos
very soon
trust me but for now in brief James
O'Brien who is an LBC and radio host and
it's very interesting because he really
hates Nigel Farraj and Nigel piranhas
has now been given his own show well
it's safe on LBC and James is very
empathetic he's very funny he explained
things a really accessible simple way
but he also has this very gentle anger
to him when he's like this is so clearly
stupid and I can't believe people are
standing behind it and yeah yeah and he
lets exactly he lets people ring in who
voted lead will disagree with him and he
just talking for it he's like hey that's
that sounds I'm gonna entertain that why
well like I'm entertaining example
please you know it's just literally
point evidence explanation please
explain why but also shutting people
down doesn't necessarily change their
opinions or get you anywhere you have to
engage them to be yeah yeah definitely
yeah so right this honorable and is a
podcast that my friend Jimmy and jaza do
that is again discussing politics in
sometimes in-depth but still funny and
accessible and long-form way and I've
learned a lot about topics and from them
because they talk about it from the
beginning of the top
they'll be like oh so this has happened
by the way this happened three echo what
our politics is the other one this is
two Irishmen one of them who's in court
one of you isn't that informed
admittedly and it's one of them I've
seen the other one stupid questions
about politics so they do episodes like
water am brexit water and Trump and it
explains it from literally the very
beginning and so yeah that's a new
podcast and my bloody it's I forgot same
retirement than is it's like not also
like BBC channel for I like I watch both
of them and engaging the enemy but like
they're six o'clock news goes into
podcast form as well so you can get on
quite less okay and you get a
notification every day from lush since
God uses up and I like Bulls depressing
though in my house we like watch the six
o'clock news with dinner my review of
six o'clock uses needs more jokes it's
just so sad and I understand that I'm
also like can we have a happy segment I
like meet with the news and this is my
like watching things like Algeria a
little bit more perspective on the world
and also get to see Britain from a non
British perspective is that they'll tell
you about something that's happened in a
country something tragic like there's so
much humbler of Turkey and during the
coup and then they just stop talking
about it like that
over it and it's like well this clearly
isn't all writable it's still in
people's lives
can we talk more yeah anyway but when
you want to get some of the emotion
involved in a topic it's only noble and
to follow it through otherwise you just
like creating false sense of empathy in
people and I rely on one source yeah to
go and look for them for me know very
much you can listen to audio books and
politics and for nonfiction yeah I find
that a lot more recommendation
establishment and listen to establish
and I was Green and I do big chances now
and I'll do a couple on to be on your
book series oh yeah you've been publicly
shame which isn't directly political I
mean it is very political but it's all
about the politics of shame yeah and
also them which is Jon Ronson again who
talks about like it's called
conversations with terrorists and
there's a like going out and talking to
terrorists okay
you don't just start and away everything
just start somewhere just start trying
to get into read in and watch it more if
something doesn't work for you
all of it something else I think a lot
of people find their identity in knowing
a lot about politics you don't have to
do that you don't have to be the
cleverest person about politics you get
into my session you are entitled to have
political discussions as much as anybody
else because of stuff that impacts on
your life and you're entitled to hold an
opinion and share that opinion like
don't be afraid of something what's the
challenge on that opinion and having a
discussion with you but like don't let
anybody tell you you're not allowed to
talk about politics because you think
more than you yeah this is part of 40
questions with Lea
you can watch news channel by clicking
on her boots I will see you tomorrow
