okay guess where we are
we're washing up again people for every
job that must be done there is an
element of fun you find the fun and snap
the jobs keeps happening today unlike
the other days in this 40 questions of
Nina series and isn't really directly an
answer to any of your questions it is a
response however to the amount of
questions I've been getting about love
lives in general and because I come home
from the wall I can have some empathy
and I can guess what to do but lots of
things I just don't know enough
information are you guys to answer and
that's cool and I can send you good
vibes and be like think about these
things but it's ultimately you're
responsible for me to give you direct
advice I think but I did want to do is
talk about some of the shitty advice I
have been given in the past about love
and unpack why I think it's shitty so
going chronologically I think that
you're told a lot growing up and by
magazines by friends by teachers it's
like free water in toulouse before you
love anyone you've got to love yourself
always phrasing if you don't love
yourself nobody will love you if you've
met more than three adults you can call
bullshit honest with me how many how
many people are moving through the world
with obvious self-loathing in their
heart being mean and an irrational
andrew's somebody loves them they are
probably married it also for people who
don't feel like they love themselves yet
but working on it it kind of came out a
little little extra layer of self-hatred
because it's not only like all the
reason that I can't get this job well
the reason I can't with my exams or the
reasons that have many friends is
because I can't love myself am ugly
you're in stupid it's also the reason I
don't have a boyfriend or a girlfriend
how horrific well you probably have
better relationships if you love
yourself and have an independent sense
of security in who you are yes but
that's a longer sentence people don't
like to say that also the interesting
truth I think is that sometimes being a
relationship with somebody who is
genuinely sound can help you love
yourself is that a bad thing I don't
know should we leave that to ourselves
to work out or are there ways or is
there a middle ground somewhere where
actually you don't have to have all of
your
combination coming from with inside
yourself close second thing breaking up
to somebody
I never liked in any way I think they
were battered or they weren't right for
you all I hate them so much
let's spend a whole evening thinking
about all the rubbish reasons why you
hate that person it will help you get
out of them I think this depends on
whether you genuinely think you're
dating people because they are actually
the best person in the world which i
think is insanely arrogant on your part
and you have to know that the person
that you're dating is the best person in
the world for you they're not inherently
the best person in the world so when
you're not with a person when they've
dumped you or you've done them and
listing all of the reasons why they're
generally an awful person is one kind of
mean if I believe in Shaq for is I'd say
it'll probably make you shatter a bit
grey or glass blue and also it's not
really addressing the issue is it like
you can talk about all they were so
wrong for me because this is what I want
out of relationship and they really
didn't want that but they're so wrong
for me because this is how I believe
people should be in relationships and
they just went like that that's helpful
to remember but just thinking they're a
horrible person or creating all these
extra devilish things about them is
really dangerous because it means if you
see some evidence that they have fix
those things or you think that you were
wrong and actually they're not as um
lazy or boring as you thought they were
you get back together with them and that
like I think sometimes it's really easy
to jump on the bandwagon of helping
somebody get over a breakup but by
dissing the person they've broken up
with and that's obviously the person
they're broken always have that even
abusive to them in which case diss away
but just saying you know I wouldn't if
they were as good-looking as you all and
I never thought they suited you want
invalidates their relationship and makes
them feel like shit about the
relationship they just have because it
could have been perfect at the time and
it could have really suited the
situation and now it just doesn't they
also completely bite you in the ass if
they get back together with them I'm
gonna set the third third bit of shit
advice I want to talk about is when
somebody says they don't like you always
the least sort of always believe them
like I think some people can be like oh
well you never know then it they can't
see what's in front of them or like
they're just blind
right now or maybe they're just scared
to tell you how they feel they told you
exactly how they feel and apathy is a
hard emotion to believe because it's not
a strong one but it's also the safest
better real answer I wish I hadn't
listened to myself when I said that I
fancy people they don't Punk you back
and you're like oh there will maybe a
bit of fuel maybe in a few days maybe in
a few years maybe after a few parties
maybe ask after I've lost a little
weight
maybe after they're in a better place
emotionally maybe after and before you
know it happen use here's I think the
biggest dignity you can give to somebody
is to believe them when they say no and
don't write a little narrative in your
head thinking about how no means maybe
even if it's up to romantically even if
they're your best friend that is still
absolute asshole behavior that is
something nobody told me also you
deserve to be with somebody so you can
instantly whatever situation they're in
go yes it's actually worth being with
you like like I'm not going to pass at
this opportunity I think you're
brilliant rather than a like was not
really right for me right now that is
not the whole time and do the others I
think you might be looking for still
haven't finished and smusher
what received wisdom have you got from
the world that you have grown up to
thinkers ever lose pile of horse poo let
me know in the comment below thank you
for watching this video is part of a 40
video series during Lent
you can watch the playlist right here
and I will see you tomorrow
proximate out
