evening so today I've got a question
from JC Jade for the 40 questions in
Lent series I'm doing on this channel
and JC says could you make a video about
your poach process like how do you get
in touch with your feelings to be able
to put them on paper and tips those who
want to get into poetry I want to but
when I picked up a pen I didn't know
where to start so for those of yous
might be your first video and I make
poetry on the internet and that is like
the funnest part of what I do on the
internet I think I've written poems
about creativity and brexit and who gets
to say you tubers dead while I still
consider myself quite a new poet or even
using the word poet towards myself is
like feels a bit weird I have actually
been writing poetry for quite some time
the first thing I want to say the first
thing I want to reiterate is that nobody
taught me how to write poetry you can
learn how to get better at poetry how to
free yourself up because really it's
it's I think it's a mental thing as well
there will be building work noises in
the back of this video because if you do
own a beautiful London townhouse in the
middle of zone - why wouldn't you extend
it further into your rented neighbor's
garden if there is a merrier to entry in
your head you have fundamentally
misunderstood the purpose of territory
to be honest I would never ever have
gone near poetry if it wasn't for a
teacher that I had in my sixth form who
got me really into Philip Larkin who is
still my favorite poet to date I would
say and here's my favorite poem by him
it just goes the first thing I have
understood time is the echo of an axe
within a wood that is literally the
whole poem well you know when to
university I could probably name
literally two to three poets when I
started at university I could probably
only name three poets William
Shakespeare work Philip Larkin I'm Carol
Ann Duffy that's probably it if you
think people who have been writing
poetry have been secretly weaned on
poetry you like your rock leg along like
well welcome of course there a way to
learn how to get better at poetry of
course it's important to know who other
poets are and study them and look at why
they're successful and successful in
your eyes in fact my friend Jenn runs a
poetry course that's online and I will
leave a link below to that because that
sounds so fun but it's kind of like
Dolores and Cartier sirs and Sister Act
- don't ask me
about being a right if when you wake up
in the morning you can think of nothing
but writing then you're arrived I also
want to reiterate that it is okay to be
bad for a long time and perhaps I still
am bad but I just wanted to share with
you I use have a poetry blog at uni and
I want to share with you one of the
poems I thought it was ok to put up on
the internet now I'm not saying as if
I'm on a poetry show myself but I'm just
going to give you a sample of how much
my poetry has changed maybe
this poem is called you are the toy in
my cereal
you're the toy in my cereal the penny in
my path I hope you start to notice
you're the sparkle in my laugh you're
the book I'll never finish their
curiosity never ends also my life
turning pages we'll spend our life being
friends you're the wagon wheel at break
you're the excitement of the Faire
you're the change in my pocket I forgot
was even there you're the reason for my
whistle when I should be in dismay
you're the doodle in my notebook you're
the fourth leaf on my day to write
poetry simply for me you need to feel
strongly enough about something or be
curious and I've got something that you
want to kind of almost in a creative way
throw up like you don't have time to
write a novel about it don't have time
to write a song about it you don't have
time to unpack it in an intellectual
essay and that's why I think some poetry
is so powerful because it has this
visceral like where I say ass where a
silhouette visceral every video it has
this immediacy to it and when I
discovered slam poetry I also fell in
love with the idea of like a boss
flatline like an explosive shutdown last
line so really what it is is just having
a feeling like that and also knowing
what you think sounds good so it's good
to absorb lots of different kinds of
poetry and I thought I would give you
some examples of some that I really like
the first one is mistakes in the
background by Laura da cruel this is a
doodle notebook of all of her poetry and
it is bloody amazing and it really frees
up your verse it's genuinely really
clever and well-structured but it also
frees up your mind to what a poem could
be there's more classical stuff like the
roof of the lock which is one that I
read at University and where I realized
how much I love rhyming terms that have
to rhyme but I feel like
there is hidden humor in them rhyming
and this is the most playful old poetry
book you'll ever read Carol Ann Duffy
this is my favorite collection by Hertz
called rapture I found the words in the
back of the drawer wrapped in black
cloth like three rings slipped from a
dead woman's hand cold dole gold and I
held them before years ago then put them
away
forgetting whatever it was I could use
them to say I touched the first to my
lips the second the third like a
sacrament like a pledge and my breath
warmed them the words I needed to utter
this small words and few I rubbed them
until they gleamed in my palm I love you
I love you I love you until they renew
what cake tempers to let them eat chaos
which is a political and risk with just
so many simple words that's but so many
beautiful concepts and this is that
loads of different people's nights and
London looking at the sky and wondering
what the world is going to come to in
the future and it's really really that's
another very different one George the
poet search party can't find the
collection right now but that is a cross
between like spoken word rap and poetry
and political it's melodical in the way
it's put together so like Laura Dawe
is not intimidating to read it doesn't
have like some kind of pentameter to get
your your mind into it's just it's just
reading words and there's also tales
maps in suburbia which isn't a poetry
collection but it's a really great
little short stories Illustrated
sometimes just on one page this one's
called the water buffalo about a water
buffalo who sits in a field and directs
people where to go in the village and
they're just are they really helped me
write poetry because they're a whole
story contained in like fairly any words
and which is essentially what poetry is
and then lastly poetry please which is a
radio for collection of poems I always
dip into because I don't feel like I
really have a great wealth of knowledge
about poetry and that's got maybe like
one or two poems more of the greatest
poets ever so it's a good way to
discover the stuff that I want without
having to like completely immerse myself
in this huge box Bridge world of poetry
that I just don't
they started off not really having
access to it and now I'm older I just
like I like so much dust I don't have
time to know about all of the and
historical well-known poets so that's a
really great way to like have them all
on your shelf and dip into some random
bits of inspiration another huge
resource is slam poetry on the Internet
favorite poet online has to be mark
Grist who I've seen live now but I could
have discovered him cuz he wrote a poem
called I like a girl who reads then he
did one called and you were the hottest
of all of the gingers and he does slam
battles with students because he's a
teacher he does like funny slam battles
with some of his gobby students or
people who are playing his gobby
students in the in the real planets are
just I'll link that below there's also
loads of other busts and poetry poems
and really excited about this as you can
tell so I'm probably going to leave
loads of my favorite and slam poems in
the description please go and look at
those because it really helps to hear
things there's one called monster
which is my favorite which is a girl who
just rearranges all of the words in a
rap song in order of frequency so it
starts off being like the house car
light and then it goes to dee dee dee
dee ah-ah-ah-ah and then the end of it
is just
but it's phenomenal there's lots of
experimental poets online at the moment
and I'm addicted I'll even walk alone
but really just find a rhythm that
captures your imagination and just keep
that maybe even memorize I also find it
interesting to memorize some poetry of
other people so I have it in my head and
it's like this I don't know like having
knowing somebody else's poetry inside
out I find helps me write my own and and
helps me really understand how it works
and how it works to be said aloud as
well so I think you can read apparently
all that was nice but you don't really
know something until you learn it off by
heart I don't think does that maybe some
really traditional roles the way you
write poetry the way I write poetry is
on my phone on the bus when I'm going
somewhere I think that it is a kind of
performative and falsified idea for me
to sit down and be like I'm going to
write poetry now honestly the way that I
find most helpful is to use it as a
procrastination tool it's something that
I do when I'm supposed to be doing
something else and often I'll hear a
phrase or I'll think thought or like
summarize something to somebody in some
way with a sentence I'll write that
sentence in my phone and then later I'll
come back and build off that one
sentence usually that sentence is their
kind of pivotal sentence of the whole
poem and I unpack it later or I put that
sentence right at the end because I
think that's got the most punch and
that's what usually
what captures your imagination about a
poem should be the last line at the end
I think I wanted to answer this question
even though I don't really have an
answer because I love poetry and I want
people to write it and I now consider
myself a poet even though I never used
to feel as I was qualified and again my
friend Joan Campbell makes way better
poetry videos for me I'm going to link
them below thanks for watching I'm
making 40 videos during Lent
so do click here to watch the whole
playlist leave your poetry
recommendations down to Ed for me or if
you write poetry let me know where you
put it frog slug out
