okay so part of my job at the moment
it's a bit random but part of my job is
running an online book shop which means
I get sent a lot of books there's
different wines and selling in a book
sometimes it is this book is the new
girl on the train this book is a cross
between Neil Gaiman and Darren share
this book is girl as a half-full thing
meet Sara Pascoe but there are other
books there are other books that when I
see published well capture my
imagination and often capture bigger
audiences imaginations just because
they're so unusual in their concept I
say unusual in their concept because
it's you know you can only be original
in your concept sometimes things have
been done before and but they're the
books that look beautiful but also you
can summarize in a sentence and people
go oh so you know they're the ones that
often really great to keep forever to
dip into when you're feeling uninspired
and also they're really really really
great as gifts especially if people own
those books or are really like keen on
books but might be keen on these weird
themed things should become clear in a
second this is a book called The Secret
Lives of color it's beautifully produced
it's got these indents where the colors
are it's hardback and it basically
consists of really tiny well written
essays about different kinds of color
and the politics of color there's
arguments in the Western world and
civilized was considered a muted color
and the kind of primitive pupil would
wear bright colors there's also
obviously the politics of dye in certain
civilizations who could afford a purple
robe and who had to wear a brown peasant
robes us about chrome yellow when it's
that first became available to Van Gogh
and how he got really excited about it
with with painting the flowers to really
modern-day anecdotes about Michelle
Obama wearing nude to a dinner than the
associate press calling it nude and then
the transpiring internet argument over
news to whom the history of kelly green
and its significance to Irish people
also discussions about and who can see
color and why we call if you don't have
a name for color can you really see it
or do you really perceive it will notice
it this is a really unusual one for the
shelf or for a relative who likes kind
of general little dip in facts and or
studying art and or just like I don't
know general and I just I think this is
really interesting on for so many
different kinds of people this book is
called survivor the portrait survivors
of the Holocaust this photographer went
out is
to find as many survivors of the
Holocaust as possible and get them to
write down a message in their own
handwriting next to a beautiful portrait
of them
I like how and undramatic this is it is
so because there's only the only
pictures of the people and only text
that they've written there's not a lot
that you can overlay onto this narrative
and make it feel you know Hollywood sad
or sensationalist sad it's got a lot of
dignity to it I think that this is just
such a great artistic record of an event
and a vanishing generation of people
without it being a bit sick the market
for not seeing Holocaust books is a huge
is to be fair it's a huge market and
doing that with class and respect is
really hard and I think this has really
achieved that and I think it's a
beautiful piece for anyone to own really
the next one is this I love this I will
finish this one day I've owned this I
don't know I wear since I worked on
water stones like six years ago and it's
called one-on-one 101 tree encounters
Craig Brown managed to find all of these
famous people and tell a story about
them each in 101 words each story is 101
101 stories and each story is about one
famous person meeting the next famous
person and they're all true so I started
reading this ages ago and then I kind of
just like stopped because I got a bit
overwhelmed but I want to like make my
way through it all together
the first one is adult Hitler is knocked
down by John Scott Ellis John Scott
Ellis talked to the boat with Rudyard
Kipling Roger Kipling hero worships Mark
Twain Mark Twain bids farewell to Helen
Keller Elizabeth Taylor Leonard Cohen's
JD Salinger and his Hemingway it's a
rich funny Venn diagram of all of these
people who are famous and how they have
interacted in some way maybe just in
passing by accidentally knocking
somebody over in a car of sharing a lift
and then it being recorded somewhere
McCartney meets Elvis Elvis meets
President Nixon Nixon meets Peggy Lee
and so the circle spins around such a
clever concept for a book and I believe
love it I think that's all really well
it came actually this one is a fav it's
called well-read women portraits of
fictional most beloved heroines it's
just it's somebody who is a really
talented illustrator illustrating what
she thinks heroines look like from his
three and writing next on their favorite
quote that's literally the whole book
it's really simple but I've actually cut
a few of these out sacrilege and put
them on my wall because I love them so
much and I think they're some of the
most beautiful and portraits of
characters ever I think one of my
favorites is this one is nancy from
oliver sir Chester from The Scarlet
Letter and it's hard to picture and
people from books in it and especially
women and I think that this does a
really great job of it and it's
beautiful
this one is called bitten by which fever
I think can agree it's bloody beautiful
and this is a book all about wallpaper
there is there was during the rise of a
newly industrial world and lots of
different kinds of these really vivid
luxurious wallpapers were created
awkwardly they were all found have
arsenic in them so it's kind of a
history of poison in the home and all of
the kind of politics around that but
it's also just really beautiful and
wallpaper samples of these really old
wallpapers that don't exist anymore and
in between you have these beautiful
little sections of writing and history
inlaid in the book it's just an unusual
one my several Ike who would who
wouldn't want this and also who would
want this I don't know I just kind of
like I don't know just captured captured
my imagination and lastly I love this
idea in this book did really well it
first came out the novel cure are you
weary and brain and body do desire a
positive cure for your pessimism
do you require Bronte to reboot your
broken heart this is a catalogue of
literary tonics for any ailment you
might have it's also just quite fun to
read on its own but anyway you can cure
low sex drive
then phobia a yearning for home and
employment
snoring rails going off the pessimism
perfectionism loneliness it's a great
way to discover books but it's also just
a great thing to flick through and I
don't know I just think it's really well
written it's written by two women who
used to prescribe books for each other
when they were sad at university and now
they have a bibliotherapy clinic cube
that's kind of like with the School of
Life where they prescribe people books
is weird but I like I support it and
they also have one now called story
short which is books for children thanks
for watching and I know these are more
unusual like book lists but I kind of
enjoy them this is part of a series I'm
doing on my channel where I'm doing 40
videos during
meant if you would like to watch the
playlist and catch up catch up you can
click here I love finding really unusual
books so let me know your favorites
below and I will see you in my next
video
frogs no girl
