guess where we are we're washing up this
could literally be a whole series on its
own so you're asking me 40 questions in
40 days my mastering them in 40 videos
are the symmetry I have a question
though because it doesn't involve some
days right that is just like the nature
of LEM but Lent is supposed to be based
on Jesus going into the desert for 40
days did he come out on Sunday did
somebody go and get him in a Jeep and go
mate Sunday gay and here's your diet
coke it's not the only question I have
to Christianity but isn't that so today
and lots of people are asking me what my
favorite music is I have compiled a very
tentative list of my favorite albums of
all time I'm sharing with you right now
I'll also have a little bigger you can
ask me about where there are 11 and
because there were going to be 10 and
then I thought actually because only one
woman on this list
am I even the feminist sniz la fille
make it happen I was forced to listen to
this album by my brother thanks Andrew a
really long time ago
and then I saw them live and I got so
attached this is these they're my fate
there my favorite I think they're my fav
I think that my favorite band they're my
favorite bands two guys from lamington
one of them with a double bass
beatboxing and the other guy with a
guitar and just a voice and just just
the message to get across I've never
seen anybody as compelling life even
surf like when whoo I know I made a
video about that miss la fille changed
the course of mother
well the funny moment in front of my
heart use my mingling oh right oh right
know what Tony and your bet you've got a
real feminine side you'll babysit Kip
your family I'm sure right turned out to
be gay by the way you would try you
might know them because they did the JCB
song okay
I bet the same way that new in Faulkner
is both haunted and honored by having
done the scene for spongebob squarepants
thousand seemed to feel so much more
than that
this is Alexi Murdoch and the album's
called time without consequence and
getting emotional origin oh when I
traveled across America on my own that
was a really big stretch for me I went
but some videos of actually I went to
like seven different places like Boston
New York Alabama Portland Seattle
Sacramento San Francisco on my own and
then I remember one of the nights I was
in Sacramento and I went to see away we
go on my own
which the film it just come out in Indy
filled with some great action she might
recognize and and it moved me so much
all about finding where you're supposed
to be in finding a home and being okay
to wonder and and after that I just got
really hooked on Alexi Murdoch's does
most the music in that film and after
that I just got really hooked on him and
he this whole hour just reminds me of
sitting in bus stops waiting for various
connections
it's just got a great momentum to it but
also being like quite calming and sad
and like adjust I think I think that's
what heaven sounds like Alexi Murdoch
number Butland up dream beneath our
mission I can't I'm going to cry
Angels and Airwaves I don't need to
whisper and I bought this back in the
day when I thought it was normal to go
to H and B just pick up stuff it sounded
all right you know obviously like it
this is one of Tom DeLong's many
projects and other things and like every
90s kid of all time really liked they
wanted to surprising me and and I think
we just bought this random don't
remember
so I remember getting at home and
pressing play and not being able to move
I just put something at my bedroom door
and just lay on the bed I listened to it
end to end without interruptions and I
haven't really found an album I have
been able to do that with since for me
it's got more nuanced and
blink-182 I guess we prefer it
controversial have less testosterone
angst and more mature art sound to it it
feels like a film school and they
actually have made some film so I guess
the name ends with certain space I don't
know if it's a very I big Asst I think
it's very unique sound and it moves me
very much but I realize in some cool
music circles that is not a very cool
opinion I think is the best
sorry Robbie when more beautiful and
regarded selection I give and I give and
I give and I'm still favorite song by
far is a little is enough and the lyrics
I'm sorry have to say it but you don't
like you're sad your smiles but I've
noticed it bad
the cure is if you let in just a little
more up I promise you this a little is
enough and I almost got a tattoo of a
little is enough and then I thought no I
already have one - lets not
surprise yourself by Jack Garratt I've
listened to a lot this a lot in the last
couple of years it's a very like new
saves album for me and it's not really
not really I don't know what to call it
it's got something of liquid mixing kind
of stuff to it it's not usually my kind
of thing but Jack Garratt and again it
just like hopefully it's just like what
the comments another thing I'm gonna be
sick with emotions liquid hope clothes
liquid home ok this one again I will do
a video on my favorite musical keep
scratching around it this one is
included as an album because it's such
an experimental I feel like this is more
of a music album than it is a musical
Jason Robert Brown is an amazing writer
for strange I thought I thought with
musicals as this canon of like writing a
whole musical hangs together watching
some Brown experiments with his writing
parts of musicals a lot of time or one
song for musical illah musical style
that's still a tiny musical in a song
and so this album that he has called
songs from a new world and the scene you
can't see the whole thing I've seen it
like but and the theme is people moving
on to new worlds that having a song for
new world some of them are set in the
1500s like woman's like sewing flags for
soldiers that are away just one set in
prison there's one by mrs. Claus and how
she wants to cheat on mr. Claus and it
is a Rick like it just plays with
what I thought music awards throughout
the past ten years I've always returned
to it as a source of expectation bending
comfort I don't know I just really like
it
they song is darbian which I thought for
a long time changes my whole number
creature one summer and I thought you
know I'd rather have champagne
King Charles some people I've been know
really well and that feel of what I've
never heard of at all and I'd let you
love him my friend rah turned me on to
him quite literally I can't fingers
music I'm not going to nothing
no disrespect you can illuminate all
around like anger and revenge because
those buttons up there until the end
now the next album you're welcome to
mock me for forever basically because
this album has probably been in my life
longer than any of the other album now
for a really embarrassing reason okay
and it really deserves a place there and
I'm glad you love it and I'll defend it
to the end when I was really young right
I was allowed to go to the library and
every Saturday surprisingly and it was
20 P to rent CDs so every now and then
I'd let go to the CD section and because
you can sample stuff because it was like
a really like budget library across
country earliest age and you yeah like
you can listen so I just with picking I
always pick CDs because of the covers
and write so this album has a spectrum
steady on the front one like yeah okay
fine web I did not know who can I didn't
I don't even know a rap music was at
this point I think because I had to tell
you on the front and boy did I get a
shock but good shock I this album I
kanya west had me and my brother
giggling in the back of a car for like a
whole holiday what's the most
middle-class thing ever this other
introduced me to music that I probably
wouldn't have been introduced to
otherwise or a very later date the skits
about being homeless but having your
degree to sleep on in the street would
just like I have a lot of affection for
this whole album even the stuff is kind
of misogynistic or is it misogynistic or
is it like I don't know parodying itself
I'm pretty sure with parodies I'm going
to go into fact this parody itself and I
don't know I just like I know I feel
like when I play an album it like I know
it like it it knows me and like it's
this huge comfort of like I don't know
thinking the genius as
does the rest of the world or you hate
him whichever so really not interested
in your reasons to why hey and I've read
them all trust me
another unpopular choice for all of you
music snob to 1975 we're going with
their self-titled album for this one and
becoming already sure about the new
album I really like bug and I'm sure but
the 1975 10 again I found in the most
case a magazine way I was watching
probably one of the worst rom-coms of
all time I can't remember the name of it
and I heard this song they were playing
in the car and I looked up the songs I
was like I need I need and these this
song and then I discovered album and
that basically felt like every single
teenage year ever and I spent a lot of
kind of sad transformative year living
on my own after breaking up with
somebody and listening to this album
especially menswear I don't know why
it's really therapy to give notes about
people who take drugs at weddings I
don't know this album save my ass and
like you can't argue you can only and
say what you don't like it or whatever
it's detention so I'm like it's the fact
remains I think they feel like really
clever stuff like playing with
syncopation and I just I don't know I
really like Massey's like um performance
style I don't know I don't know I just
it just it it works the works for me
also if you've heard several nights at
fiber you haven't like given the chance
I really would like you don't have to
write like music ironically like that I
just bloody love it I think it's I think
it's masterpiece so that's my piece
imogen heat eclipse it's stressing me
out even thinking about trying to convey
to you how great is album is we haven't
listened to it and sat there the whole
way through and I seen her life and she
mixes everything herself with with like
pedals and beat and she's just she is
like a composer before she's a musician
and it's also really great documentary
on how she made this album and all of
the sounds in her house and all of the
stuff that she makes the sound that
she's just if you only know image of
heat because she was sampled in the
holiday Jesus Christ onto this get on
get on it she's a hero of mine I just
think she is aspirational I think I'm a
work ethic and her attention to detail
and just a general commitment to her
work is like amazing and you can you can
hear it in the music it's just and this
is a really old album like I just love
this one
and I feel like this is the one like
isn't it without where do we go from
here how do we carry on I can't get
beyond I know it's the closest I've ever
found to music that actually sounds oh
I'd like to be in love
straight up be infatuated
if you last one cause oh god I just
listened to it I get I get like this
really sad about my teenage self
crushing on voices like me like suicidal
I don't really like that boy if you want
like precisely produced amazing
orchestral style pops then she is she's
a woman settling with freedom feels
right I've done a whole video earlier in
this series about settling and so I'll
leave you I'll leave you to that and
then perfect i toast like is an amazing
feminist swedish and pop person it's
some of the strongest music it's some of
the strongest music to come out the past
year of me exploring music i think this
is like the one i'm like yes this will
stay with me for life she just stunning
music videos as well so the way i found
her at she was ready Anna tweeted and a
link to her song called number one and
and the video was just a woman her
standing on a stage dancing for herself
in a non-sexual way that felt really
free and not for the male gaze and I
cried when I watched it because I
realized that I hadn't really seen that
in a music video before I don't think
and that just music about catcalling
and sexism and boots and it should just
there is nothing like this album it was
one of the only things I downloaded when
I went to the Peak District on my own
and I just kind of wandered around
mountains going
I don't know some of it had like a kind
of like hollaback girl with a fanny
field some of it had a quick 80s I don't
know some of it could be like
transitional and one times 80s music but
it also has something really new and
beautiful and amazing about it there the
11 albums I was saved in an apocalypse I
would grab them posit them in my
backpack
and then run from zombies thanks for
watching I'm doing 40 videos during Lent
there's the playlist if you want to
catch up where have you been where have
you been tell me in the comments below
what your apocalypse albums are see if
you could see if you can just narrow it
down to 11 God by day first I got like
this if you don't get us down from the
moment you're born they put a number on
you they will take you what buddy ID
they will tell you how to dress after
they are behind it they will tell you
where clips and how to live then will
come to life so there is no parroted we
can write over take control of our life
religion here is this England could use
our soil to provide our food we can make
clothes from hemp we can bypass the
glimpse of the quantum machine and make
it love and unity in this time we can do
this unite my people night
