ESP preshow peanut there's a couple of
lines in a book called the Time
Traveler's Wife but go maybe I'm
dreaming gee maybe you're dreaming me
maybe we only exist in each other's
dreams and every morning we wake up and
we forget all about each other tonight
like lots of my friends online I stayed
up like I was waiting for a Harry Potter
book or a huge film trailer to wait for
my friend Sam to release his short film
and it made me think about a question
somebody asked me for these 40 days of
questions that I'm doing between life
and art which do you think borrows from
the other the way we draw the line
between life and art kind of I think
defines who we are especially on YouTube
lots of people especially when they get
bigger draw the line between who they
are and what they make there's a brand
message behind what they do and they
have to be quite clear and concise about
that for me art is the way I've got to
know a lot of my friends there's lots of
people I feel I have this instant click
with intimacy shared identity or at
least shared dependency in the YouTube
community and I think it's because how
little we draw the line between art and
life how few walls we build between what
we put up and who we are mainly because
most people on this platform started
making videos in their spare time in the
only time they have in their lives to be
themselves when I watched Sam's film
tonight I didn't just get a glimpse into
his experiences and how they might be
similar to mine I got a glimpse into
what he can do isn't that part of who we
are life is something that happens to us
art is something we make but I don't
think you can live life alongside other
people really live alongside them unless
you've seen what they can do honest raw
confessional videos bring us closer
together
and I love them don't get me wrong but
tonight Sam also reminded me that
something polished something purposeful
something that raises the bar for
everybody when it's done with passion
inspires everyone to climb up to that
bar to there's room for life in art and
in the small hours in our weekends in
our evenings we've made room for art in
life
