travel alone travel alone because your
bones need it and the weight of another
will ping you back to base before you
add breathe breathe through your own
sales and let the winnings clear your
tight embroidery cost has holes like any
soldiers travel alone because otherwise
you would not go at all because moving
through the world is such an act of
triumph that a pack of us would snag in
doorways clog in small streets you must
go down fill up buses you would
otherwise clip on without the thought
travel alone because you were born to be
lies because every other compartment of
your life will require you to carry
others with you you will be the stem and
the sail and the drive and that's ok but
whilst you travel through another's
endgame don't let your feet drag or your
mind bend others curiosity you will know
what you need to find here you will know
what you need to see
