oh hey then good morning how are you
it's 40 days of questions today is day
16 now a few people are asking for my
TBR and a few other people were asking
me about publishing questions and I
would love to answer already wishing
questions and I promise they're coming
but I am planning the videos as
carefully as I can so I can give you the
most amount of information and make it
the greatest the greatest and so those
are coming I just haven't made them yet
but until then I thought be interesting
to have you look into the publishing
industry because it was London Book Fair
last week which is like us my favorite
week ever I always like complain like
it's really like oh it's so crazy
back-to-back meetings everything so well
and those people go it's really hard
actually it's still one of my favorite
weeks of the year like I genuinely do
really enjoy it so at London Book Fair
and I will talk about my current job at
some point in the future now's not the
time but a part of my job is that I run
a bookshop for a national paper and so I
get the huge privilege of being able to
meet loads of sales people during the
London Book Fair and they pitch other
books to me and I have a huge data stack
of catalogs over there and it's a great
time to get an overview of what people
are going to be publishing in the spring
and the autumn part of a salespersons
job is to get the people who know the
readers ie people who run book shops
really excited about the books that are
coming up and part of that is creating
proofs like this proofs are draft copies
in the book they're usually completely
finished but they might not be
completely copy added and polished to a
tee and they are usually quite expensive
to print because they usually print
really small numbers of them they're in
paperback even if the book comes out in
hardback when I see the publishers made
proofs it's an indication in itself that
they think that this one is a great one
this one's really special because they
cost so much to print so I try I get
proofs through everyday um hundreds of
books come through to me and I don't I
can't read them all obviously and I
can't keep them all and so the fact that
a proof has made it back to my house
especially if I've had to carry it from
the Book Fair is like a huge deal so I
thought be really cool to show you a few
of the proofs that I have what they look
like because they don't look like normal
books a lot of the time they don't have
barcodes and why I kept these ones and
why I'm really personally it's like to
read them in my personal time these are
gonna be really brief explanations
obviously because I haven't read the
books yet I have a very brief
understanding of them and
have them or not is also probably an
indication of how good the salesperson
is because there really is the talent to
it there really is an art of giving
somebody an overview and a few sentences
about what our books about and getting
them so excited that they keep an object
in their house and spend like 13 hours
reading it there are some really skilled
salespeople in the polishing industry
and also because publishing isn't the
most lucrative place to to work if
you're a salesperson there is really a
genuine tone behind what they say like
you can tell that they genuinely have
read a lot of these books and they
really love them and that's why I love
publishing as an industry because it is
a business we are shifting units to
customers but it also means so much more
than selling soap or selling clothes and
I just I just love it anyway not the
point the books that I have kept this is
a book from canongate Love Canongate a
very rarely read a book that I don't
like from Canon Gate Heather the
totality by Matthew Weiner Matthew
Weiner created Mad Men which is kind of
not why I kept it because it also sounds
like a really good story and I really
haven't had a thriller in a while and
because it's really short but because
I'm also like why if you create Mad Men
which is so dependent on a script but
also on the visuals and how things are
communicated how have you moved into
this place where it's so dependent on
language and storytelling and I'm
excited to see how for sonic this is and
how he does it and I just think it's a
really interesting like industry
transition to and I haven't really
thriller in ages so this should be cool
Heather the totality demonstrates
perfectly his forensic eye for the human
qualities that hold modern society
together and pull it apart great blurb
and the next one is the girl before
I actually had this post it to me a
while ago excellent leniency but this is
a particularly cool proof to catch
people's eye because it's completely
blank apart from the indentation of the
title that you can probably see on the
cover and then the slides are orange
which I thought was amazing and really
beautiful but also an indication as a
sales manager that they're really
putting some eggs in the basket here
they're really they're really going all
out they've got some faith in this one
so it grabbed my attention this is about
a woman who moves into an ultra
minimalist and flat that has been
inhabited by somebody mysterious before
and I haven't read some like grip lit
thriller in a really long time and
I have yeah when was the last time I
read some leather I don't know and I
think I should because I want to know
why it's selling in the market and get
excited about that genre because I think
it's really cool it's doing really well
at the moment so I want to see if this
is the next the next nothing standalone
in the zone I won't say the notes girl
on the train the next one is tragic
Shores this is a Quercus title a memoir
of dark travel and it's all about a guy
who takes his wife in a skid around the
world visiting places of atrocities so
he goes from anywhere from Ghana to San
Francisco to places and outfits to
Japanese shrines for infants and he
discovers the world through this really
horrible lens in some ways this place
that places that people don't really
want to go there's something really cool
about using travel to confront things
that are awkward and I think it's like a
really interesting take on travel
memoirs that are usually like happy
places oh the Travel section boats on
the back is a lot of very very important
in you literally have like less than a
tweet to communicate or intrigue
somebody so the quote on the back of
this one from the book is I have come to
thank dark places for the light they
bring to life the next one is worn away
fully there's already out and I kept
this proof because I'm like I really
want to read it this is a middle grade
to why a book from Pan Macmillan and
called welcome to nowhere by Elizabeth
Laird and it is all about a small boy
who was a Syrian refugee who has come
over to this country and that is never
written about and I'm excited and it's
got really big writing as well so she I
should read that soon that's already out
so I'll leave a link below a tactic that
mourmelon uses that they get a lot of
their proofs to match I don't have got
any examples here's another one from
them this is the lottery by Emma
Donoghue and they you can see that they
won't look like the finished one but
they do all match which hopefully will
make them stand out on my shelves as Pan
Macmillan titles and remind me who to
contact when I need to order some and
that's a different way of doing proofs
really it's - it's to single out the
publisher is the most important thing
about this this proof and the fact that
we should trust the publisher
interesting next one which I still
haven't started I'm so annoyed this one
comes out in April and this is a sham
Alec who like I once ago I wouldn't shut
up about her on this channel and I
interviewed her about what it's like to
be a Muslim in a Britain I talked and
reread her book and Sophia conda's not
obliged and this is the second
the series it's you don't want to be
like Muslim Bridget Jones because I feel
like that's putting it in a ridiculous
box but it's it's a hello they're
hilarious rom-coms that don't send her
around romance but center around the
experience of being a woman and they're
just hilarious hilarious I'm so excited
to read that this one's called the other
half of happiness Bleecker house and
actually I worked at this publishing
house when they were acquiring this
title so I read a very very rough
version of it on submission it's about a
woman who goes to an island to write a
book and she's like she gets a grant to
lock herself away on an island all on
her own for like three months I think
and tries to write a novel and she
doesn't write the novel she can't write
the novel but she writes a book about
not being able to write a novel which i
think is a really really cool concept
for what I wrote her the submitted money
script and obviously this is going to be
very very different because that was a
few years ago and they've obviously
probably worked on this in an immense
way since then from what I remember it
was it was sweepingly hilarious and it's
set in the Falkland Islands and it's
this kind of like laughing at itself
very intelligent literary into the wild
style look at like if you retreat can
you be a genius probably not this one is
a manual for heart ache by Kathy
Rosenberg again this is a pan macmillan
titled kathy is a huge name in the
publishing industry and i remember
following her on twitter and reading her
articles when i was trying to get into
publishing so i've really respected from
that level she wrote a book called the
last act of love that did amazing like
it blew everybody's minds it did it
really amazingly in the market of years
ago and I didn't get around to reading
it which annoys me this is a nonfiction
look at the idea of heartache and lost
and um I really trust like Kathy's
writing style and I'm sure this is going
to be absolutely stunning
this has already got so long and I have
loads more sitting by my feet but I
think we're probably running out of time
and if you guys like this I'm sure I can
do another one later in the month
because I have so many proofs that I'm
excited about and I'm sure I'll get
loads more by the time I make another
video and so if you did like this and
this is a thing that if you're
interested in let me know in the
comments below and I am answering a
question every day so if you have an
questions I genuinely like I think there
may be some of you think I'm planning
this out there than I actually am I am
just literally saving all of the
screenshotting all the questions that I
like on to my desktop and then every day
I pull up my desktop and I go through
the questions that I had someone that I
feel like so if you do have a question
for me a question about anything you can
see the videos by clicking here of ones
that I've done before if you have a
question that you want me to answer you
do leave it in the comments below
because I actually my answer it maybe
even tomorrow who knows and okay thank
you for watching and do subscribe if
you'd like to see more and I will see
you on Monday
because Sabbath's are a thing literally
thank God okay bye folks my gout
