so today is st. Patrick's Day and I have
mixed feelings about it what feels like
a long time ago but it was actually in
fact a very little time ago and a
referendum was announced in the UK and I
remember thinking that's interesting
I'll probably vote in that we know the
outcome though right um and my mom um
thought actually where the things happen
in history and she grabbed a list some
forms from the government the forms were
for becoming an Irish citizen and my mum
was born in Dublin grew up there till
she was nine my granddad was a Irish
Minister yeah he was very very Irish and
I remember him commenting when we were
kids like they sound so English like we
just pop out of the womb and speaking an
Irish accent
but I never ever felt Irish and so I
felt really weird my mum would these
forms because she was like no child of
mine is getting stuck in this country if
this referendum goes goes and bums to
the air and then I just thought she was
like you know over all right mum yeah
yeah I'll sign the form I remember
having a conversation with her I was
like Gerry I want to do it because I
don't really feel I wish and it feels
like invasive on their culture and their
country to get an Irish bath all because
I've only been once and it was fun but I
don't really you know plan on living
there or anything she was just like no
no lightly you've got to get this best
passport and so I applied and now I am
an Irish citizen to have one of them and
it's so weird because when i when i
heard that i was getting it I think I
heard was getting it before the
referendum was announced and for those
of you who don't know we had a
referendum in this country for whether
we should stay in the EU now the EU is
one of the biggest um systems that's set
up to protect our human rights and
organise our laws and make sure that our
country doesn't fold in on itself
and turn and our government can't turn
on us as easily and that's how I see it
anyway to be honest and and we had a
referendum when we voted to leave so now
we are officially leaving the year which
is insane to a lot of left-wing people
in this country it might not be to a lot
of other people but as we've had lots of
conversations
there were a lot of people who and who
that surprised and I was like I was kind
of kind of one of them I guess sorry
about this mic is not it's not my party
going on in the other room I don't know
if you can hear we're having a party and
this is the first st. Patrick's Day that
I've had two passports and I don't know
how to feel about it I want to be
light-hearted about it because I think
it is quite funny like I I went from
feeling kind of weird about having one
and two when Breck's that actually
happened feeling really jus belated and
feeling like I had another option oh and
I also just felt really sick about how
many people don't have another option
and how that's just the fact of
nationality the fact of nationality is
the have one identity usually and there
she have parents from different
backgrounds and you and you have to just
lump it or like it or lump it with the
way the government treats you and how
they decide to run your country you
don't really get an opt-out button you
don't really get to consent you don't
really get to say okay and that is like
one of the most terrifying things isn't
it isn't it and that's why I don't
really understand people who have dual
citizenship and know that they can leave
the country if something bad were to
happen and people who don't and those
people then talk about refugees in this
really callous way like they just I
don't know like I now have a yeah if it
was imaginable I have yet another
privilege like I get to leave if I want
and that's like I don't know it's really
weird like every time I look at it I
feel so so happy and and so you know I
do feel connected to the idea of Ireland
I'm going back in the summer by the way
so if you'd like me to Chronicle that
we're quite interested in going to a
Irish folk festival with my family
I think noise a lot of oh if I was Irish
I would be really annoyed at the amount
of people that try to appropriate being
Irish like when I went to America but
bloody every other American reckons
there Irish I mean in my mind I'm a bit
like all right and me that's cute but
it's not you know you own your identity
but I don't know but I am half I'm half
so I guess that's the thing
I guess I should feel that thing and I
don't know if I was expecting to feel
anything I guess I'm just glad to have
the option of belonging or starting to
belong if I if I want to I don't know
you Irish viewers
there and what am i Irish do you think
I'm Irish does this does annoy you
I have one of these is it kind of cool I
guess my point is that people who
struggle and people who and have a lot
of problems at their countries always
have to think about their nationality
and its restrictions and people who have
a great life and have a really great
health service and have a have a good
time of it with their government and
never have to think about it it's an
invisible so when you look at refugee
and get oh why would they come here like
stay in your own country of course they
want to stay in their own country
everybody has this sense of nationalism
especially if it's been threatened and
taken away from you but we can't imagine
that because our country has been so
good and that it's insane to me it's
insane to me that I thought I don't
really need that Irish passport when
really I'm actually jus belated to have
one this has not been a very happy vlog
I'm sorry about that and but I'd love to
hear what your views on nationalism are
in the comments below and this is the
project I'm doing 40 videos during Lent
which is why these guys are so if you'd
like to check out the playlist it's here
and you can subscribe by clicking
somewhere you can work it out and I will
see you tomorrow
