this background is sketchy I'm sorry you
guys deserve more I deserve more
sometimes life it's a little bit chaotic
segue so I was tidying hiding my room
who's gonna believe that I found this
like poems last meditation evening that
were ages ago for my friend Ariel on
creativity she put it in a Z I'll leave
the link to the scene below if it still
available I think it is Ariel is the
Machiavelli of ZZZ but I thought I'd
read you this just because I like found
it amid some stuff it's not like small
paper and I've Illustrated it um sweet I
don't know you know when usually you
have moments with yourself where you
like that's really cute leader bless you
it's about having to clear your space or
organize your life or sort out what you
want to do before creating that feeling
of having to do that or feeling too
messy or tidy as a person to create like
those two extremes if you're like people
who are really tidy and organized for
like they're not qualified to be that
messy creative and I also feel like
people who are really messy and
disorganized to feel like they're never
organized or driven enough to create and
I just wanted to write Bob up it is when
you feel like creating released that you
should create the most when you feel
splayed and tension stretched and
impossible that some marks on the page
some notes out loud some images captured
or make you feel probable again people
always think that being creative is
synonymous with being chaotic all over
the place everywhere but if you are
creative you are often nowhere and it is
necessary to write yourself into being
again you are often full of chaos yes
but being creative means you are
committed to tidying up to reach an
ordering of self and a strange fetish
for drawing a mark aligned between one
chaos and another and making a pattern
filling them together and a connected
instance of sorrow or matching trifles
of joy or experiences that belong
together if you are creative
don't let anyone fool you into thinking
you are a mess you have a Tydeus person
I know
things are coming out of the
