okay I am here in Washington DC on some
I am a delegate of the US Embassy from
London this week traveling across
America learning about meeting with
protest groups and people from a
government and we're doing tours of lots
of different historical sites and it's
really interesting but in my free time
classic I kept wiggling my own bookshop
braids are trying to look for the best
book shops in this city so I thought I'd
give you a little virtual tour now I've
never had people talk about Washington
DC as a place for book shops but turns
out there are tons and they're beautiful
the first place he went was a great
introduction to how DC does book shops
because it served food Cramer books and
afterwards cafe are this linked together
beautiful place they had literary themed
cocktails incredibly friendly staff like
I literally was like you know and you
like like love somebody so much they
were like can we stay friends after
you've literally just eat Indomie / they
serve tubes and IV book shop with this
beautiful mix of nonfiction and fiction
and they had like a whole separate
children's room and a nonfiction room
and they sold all this beautiful stuff I
bought this from it lovely tote bag and
again something that I'm like America
admittedly does this better it's open
till like 1:00 in the morning a bookshop
open to one we went out and we got below
with Lab City and then we went to the
book shelf afterwards and I can't think
of a better way to sober up so the
second place we went to is one of the
first wild cards it is a bookshop but it
is not in Washington DC it's actually in
a place called Shepherd's town in West
Virginia we weren't there to meet with
lots of members of generation West
Virginia which is a movement to try and
help people stay in West Virginia and
and move there and make it a place of
Commerce and excitement so we met in
four seasons bookshop on the top level
this is a beautiful like combination of
new and old books
we had some very teary on my end
conversations about regeneration and
what it means to love a place over a job
it was like the best hippie lefty start
to the trip I could have ever wished for
and they gave us lots of pastries and it
was lovely a lot of the people I
realized who are either volunteers or
creating social change and doing other
jobs also worked one or two days in the
book shop so it was like it just buzz
with community and life and like this
sense of belonging and and like a real
like as you wandered around like the
books they pick to shelve in the books
they had in the books they talked about
you could tell that there was a real
sense of like they knew why books are
important and they knew the real value
of them and for me that's what makes a
good bookshop is a full understanding of
the sentiment behind the idea of a
bookshop and it was just it was just
perfect and if you're ever around and
you want to visit somewhere
Shepherdstown is this beautiful quaint
quaint is patronizing this beautiful
vibrant little center of community and I
thought it was variants we went to
Bridge Street books which again is this
beautiful open late-night bookshop where
they can have you can browse outside the
bookshop you can go in and sorts of
different sections this is where I was
like looking at loads of covers of
American books and being like oh my god
they do it so much better sometimes
seeing those books that I recognize so
well from like my own workplace and just
knowing about the UK book industry
seeing them with different covers with
the completely different takes and ideas
and like what they took from the book
was it's just different and it was so
interesting and refreshing so yeah they
gave us like really cute little paper
bags as well which I'm like I'm a fan of
that when it comes to book shops the guy
was really nice and I bought this book
very fancy Rowan bought this book and my
friend and bought this book then we
carried on to second story books
again open late promised land this is
completely second-hand books it was a
really old bookshop for you who they had
like they had letters built into the
carpet for ABCD like so they could
categorize the books okay thank you I'll
be I'll be not very long that's
housekeeping I need to get it's not my
room anymore as of two minutes ago who
had all of these treasures and little
things around and it just had so much
character it had a whole CD room as well
and lots of trinkets about and it was
just like this curio
tea shop where time Stood Still and it's
really exciting and then finally the
last world card is we went to the
National Library of Congress oh my god
so in the UK we have British libraries
there's one for every country in the
British Isles I think so think there's
one in Belfast one in Edinburgh one in
London and one in Aberystwyth see other
remote videos to talk about why avarice
for this best place to be in the world
anyway so basically when a book is
published the publisher by law has to
send a copy of the book or a few copies
of the book to each of these libraries
so they can keep them on record and
they're available for anybody in the
population to look at the National
Library of Congress is also one of the
places that we send books they keep a
copy of every book that's ever been
published in Europe and the US and it's
kind of a palace it's like if Buckingham
Palace was not about elitism in class
and the royal family and was more about
books basically if we worship books this
would be our temple this would be our
Mecca it's happening where are we going
we're going to the Library of Congress
right now temple of books the ultimate
goal my friend ant knows one of the
security guards who was one of the most
beautiful humans I've ever met like what
a soft boy he gave us a little bit of a
backstage tour of the National Library
it was so good backstage it kind of
feels like the Titanic and which we were
all talking about how there was like
decks and stuff and I was like well I
mean if we're going down at least we've
got something to read even they're kind
of strip back like spooky backstage part
of it was just like so ornate had all
these like details to the architecture
and it was just like stunning and
beautiful
oh so late libraries focus most
important thing and we went onto one of
the viewing balconies and it's what's on
the house is gone our new if I'd
outdoing why not do it yeah I'm ready
yes you see and then the gates of heaven
ah no way oh my gosh I don't know is
this how people feel about God when they
go into the Cathedral and they're like
look how many humans in history cared
about this thing so much that they did
all this ornate art about it and this is
before machines and stuff where's the
paintings on the ceilings and and the
respect that there was for the books and
all of these statues of people of
history of books and the people that
protected books even the carpet had
books in it all these crannies and
shelves and it kind of felt like those
kind of things where people paint
fantasy libraries that are like too
ornate and too complex and intricate to
be real but it was real so yeah as you
can tell had a great time there there
was some really interesting exhibitions
on there as well there was one about
Native American culture there was one
about baseball and it was just this
great eclectic place to hang out and it
was free it's free to all the public's
free to anyone in the world and that's
kind of cool in my book anyway I'm going
to jump on this plane because that's how
planes work thank you so much for
watching if it's the first video you've
seen for me hello I'm Lena I took about
books a lot and also social change but
like mainly books but what is the
difference between social change of
books they're the same thing if you had
to visit one book shop from this video
what would it be
tell me in the comments below just one
you know I don't hear it just one thank
you so much for watching and I will see
you in my next one frog snowy
you
