forty days of questions forty shades of
questions will be the sexy edition that
I will do at some point today I wanted
to talk about inspiration quite a lot of
people have asked how do I get inspired
how do I find inspiration how do I turn
this feeling of wanting to do something
into the kinetic action of doing it but
I think it's because I've built up in my
head this likes toward positive or at
least like kinetic forceful energy of
wanting to do something in a certain way
now sometimes the problem with not
having inspiration isn't that you don't
know what you want to make a thing about
and it isn't about not knowing how to
make the thing but it's the driving
power behind that and whether your way
of doing something is unique or right
and I was reminded of this a couple of
days ago when I went to go and see
cephalic Minh in concert settle a can
winner for my favorite musicians of all
time
Steph lakeman is an English folk writer
and performer I feel like in the world
there's lots of Irish and Scottish and
generally Celtic kind of voices in the
music industry but there's very few like
English folk writers and what he writes
is definitely folk music he has an
electric violin and he does those of
crazy things with syncopation of beats
that make it makes it feel so modern I
thought I'd share with you a few
thoughts I wrote down after the gig
which I cried in because I realized that
the reason he inspires me isn't because
he does anything like what I do but
because he does it in a way that I
respect and think is missing a lot from
other people's way of doing stuff and in
turn that probably does inspire me to
make things in the nature that he makes
them in my belief in how things should
be made and how they should be executed
stops me from being stops me from being
so afraid of how the end product will
turn out and whether that thing is good
or not does that make any sense because
I think a lot of people sphere around
making and uploading or sharing things
they've created is whether it's good or
not but I think also what's value is the
way you make it and the thought process
behind it and that's what adds value to
it that's what makes it good so here are
three things that I wrote down after the
concert that I think genuinely inspires
me to make the things that I make
the first thing is the things that he
writes abut I think a lot of the time
with music writers write songs and they
write ideas because they want because
they feel it and it's about them and
it's about their internal struggles with
something that's externally happened but
it's also because they want it sometimes
works because they want you to identify
with what they're feeling about a
breakup about an emotion about a
situation I like about his music that's
unusual is that certain innate men
trusts the sadness or the happiness or
the power behind the music that he's
written and the lyrics become free of
their need to be universal if that makes
sense
for example a lot of his lyrics and
stories in his songs are narratives
about disasters that have happened in
England historically they might be about
horrible life but disasters where lots
of people died or about old coal mine
disasters or about plagues that happened
in Cornwall or or Devon a long time ago
and what he recognizes about the
tradition of folk music is that it was
also there to record histories of other
people and it's kind of up to the
listener to see themselves in that and
for them to empathize on their own
without having to be like this is you
this is exactly what you're feeling play
my music and I think that's really
unusual and I realized that while I was
watching him that I really valued that
like historical aspect if you buy some
of her CDs they're little leaflets
insight will tell you the history of
those disasters that have kind of like
been underreported or forgotten for me
he's a musician that can contextualize
themselves in history and knows that
they're just part of it and I think
that's like Rehan
taking on this tradition of folk music
that he's not creating anything new or
an innovative innovative innovative he's
adding to a tradition that's quite
ancient and in the spirit of that he
wants to tell stories of huge
communities and loss rather than like
personal loss a lot of the time
the second point is that I love how sad
and happy the music is so tradition and
folk music is to make the melody really
happy while talking about something
really sad and he does that with such
genuine integrity like poor man's heaven
is a literal sound of hope like I was
listening I was watching him play and I
was crying and I was like this is if
hope had a sound this is what hope would
sound like but at the same time you know
he's writing about something rooted in
such reality in such fact and it's a
different feeling to listening to a song
that's like don't worry everything's
gonna be fine it's just a ride I all
respect to you gem still my favorite
song of all time it's not it's just a
ride but like for me the most powerful
kind of music is hope that has knowledge
in it it recognizes that something
is happening but it still has this like
undertone of hope also to know about
this concert it was this place called
Cadogan Hall I think that's how you say
it could own Hall and it Sloane Square
in London and it's like one of the most
polite venues there's a lot of stained
glass there's lots of seating and pews
and most of the people that attended
that concert as I might have guessed
were like my parents age and just looked
very well-behaved there's a really great
DVD of him live playing it in a place
called America Theatre in Cornwall where
I've been which is a kind of like kind
of almost Roman in the round rock
theatre built into the side of a literal
cliff where you can see the ocean behind
and I have watched that DVD the whole
way through very silently on my own a
lot of times and I think it's beautiful
however it's weird seeing him in a
sterile environment like that and I was
like oh how this is gonna be so well
behaved I don't know if I'm gonna be
into it and he turned this almost like
buttoned up Catholic
almost environment into this raucous
barn dance in the space of like 40
minutes people were dancing and spinning
on the sides and all of the people that
you could tell weren't really those
kinds of people we're all like getting
up in their seats and like being like ah
because I think when real hope is
present like people can't just sit and
and politely receive the hope into their
is they have to be like you have to get
up and the last thing was death Lake
moon I think is kind of a big deal and
here's Seth Lake but like he's like
that's what all of his music is branded
as but his band had such a part in it
and they were so powerful and he also
brought on the support act the support
act were really good as well I bought
their CD afterwards they were three
three girls who were like in between
songs they were talking like they were
like presenting an awkward year nine
assembly but then as soon as they open
their mouth the most talented
jaw-dropping otherworldly folk singers
of all time yeah he brought them all and
a lot to do songs with him he brought
the band in so much of the band was so
talented and you can also see like the
drummer in the background was like in
this thing he wasn't he there was a
point in the gig where like you could
tell he got into this groove that was so
like you know when somebody knows that
they're doing exactly what they're
supposed to do in exactly the right
moment and they found their place in the
world for that very short amount of time
but yeah the third thing is that at the
end he didn't take about on his own
because he recognized the music wasn't
about him and usually when that happens
like either the artists boughs on their
own and then goes oh yeah thanks to the
band as well PS or they bow with the
band and then they take one step forward
and bow on their own he didn't do that
and I can't think of a more powerful
statement about how the music wasn't
about him so yeah when I make things I
may not realize it at the time but those
kinds of people that I follow and I I
honor have made such an impression on
how I make things that it stops me from
worrying about whether the thing I made
is perfect or there ever or more like it
because I know that the way I made it
had this good intention behind it that I
think is important to put into the world
even if the thing that I put into the
world isn't perfect does that make any
sense
I really hope I'll make more videos on
creativity cuz I know you guys said a
lot of questions on it I hope that at
least from this video for nothing else
you've taken away that you should
probably go listen to some Seth Lake
Mitzvah give me some links below thank
you for watching I'm making 40 videos in
length I'm still snickering about that
because I can't even believe it been
talking about London we've been talking
about breakups been talking about
careers and what your passion is so do
take a look at the playlist subscribe if
you would like to see more and I will
see you in my next on frog snog out
