I am still standing better than I've
ever be feeling like a new survivor
feeling like a little kid it's day 10
and guess who's still here
this series I'm doing 40 videos during
men this series has become a sticking
point of smugness because I feel like
every day I actually do it it's less
hard and I'm like this is easy I'll
probably hit a wall I will hit a wall
it's kind of like being blindfolded
knowing that there's a wall somewhere
and I probably will hit it but today
isn't the day and today I'm delivering
you an answer to a question that is what
is my biggest fear I've thought of three
things that are my biggest fear but
enlightening Lee my friend Tessa who is
staying with me at the moment she's in
that room I think maybe curling her
toenails I'm not sure she told me about
this thing called the Enneagram
personality thing where there are like
nine types of personality and I have
been informed I am a server and it's
kind of correct so I'm going to tell you
the three things that I fear and then
I'm gonna tell you how I think it fits
into that personality chest so the first
thing I fear I cut crushes my first
memory is of a car crash I was in a car
crash when I was about like I think
three years old and I remember it quite
vividly and I think we like we either
went up the motorway like that or we
actually did flip I can't really
remember and I don't really want to ask
but I know that it was bad and I know
that we almost died but we did and and
now I've taken my driving test three
times and I haven't passed because I am
so nervous I also have a punch that's
how I'll die so there's that the second
thing is being caught out I I'm a very
truthful person I'm very open but I will
tell really small white lies about tiny
tasks I haven't done because of like
small amounts of shame about not being
able to complete really small at all
tasks I'm not gonna go into specifics
because it would reveal lies but like I
haven't really liked small amounts of
constant anxiety about being caught out
for those small things like like paying
electricity bills on time do you always
turn up on time for work yes that's an
easy thing to do
or sometimes it's just a really
complicated situation and I have
really don't want to spend 20 minutes
engaged in a conversation with this
person about explaining the thing so I
just go
yeah that's sorted or like yeah it just
happened like this because it's an
easier way for them to understand how
the problem is solved rather than
explaining the long story about how the
problem was solved
does that make sense I probably should
get out of the habit of it and then the
fear would probably go away but when
they're inconsequential to the point of
like where I just don't really care
although I've seen really do deeply care
because I fear every day being found out
for those tiny in discrepancies and the
third thing the thing that probably
influenced in my life the most is losing
out on things missing out on things I'm
gonna be 27 this year I talked about
this was a lot of my friends who are
similar ages but it's just just that
realization that you're never gonna be
like a young prodigy like when you do
something it and if you are successful
at it everyone's gonna be like makes
sense he would have done that on your
30s I mean you had ten years to practice
which I call in my head to Matilda
syndrome because I always like remember
getting really jealous of Matilda when I
watch Matilda and she was like the
prodigy in the class she could move
things
Tessa reckons that I am and number seven
the enthusiast on the Enneagram the busy
variety seeking type spontaneous
versatile acquisitive and scattered yes
my basic fear is of being deprived and
in pain whether that's not being able to
go to the toilet when I need it or not
being given food not hungry my basic
desire to be satisfied and content and
to have my needs fulfilled I am kind of
the Entertainer and kind of the realist
very also cuttingly true it's okay
because the 14th Dalai Lama was a type
seven so was Mozart
so was Britney Spears ironically sevens
wide-ranging curiosity an ability to
learn quickly can also create problems
for them because they are able to pick
up many different skills with relative
ease it becomes more difficult for them
to decide what to do with themselves now
not being I don't want to be arrogant I
can do a lot of things at very very kind
of level and that being at that level
always haunts me with the but what if I
pursued that and actually became good at
it
how many futures have I missed out on
it's why I don't really want to read
versions of us or watch sliding doors
ever again while I don't think was the
right decision
there definitely maybe could have been a
fun a decision and that really wants me
there you go there's my face what are
your fears tell me in the comments below
a problem shared as
I'm potentially doubled and making 40
videos in Lent which is insane if you
would like to watch the playlist here
we've got everything whether you want to
know what it's like to live in London or
what career to pick or how to find out
your passion or how to know whether you
should break up with somebody it's all
it's becoming its but it's becoming to
be there it's just becoming to be there
also if you have any more questions for
me I will be answering I still have 30
of these videos to go so please do leave
some questions below and I will see you
tomorrow folks my go
