I like to do this because it makes you
feel like a real youtuber but I don't
have an external mic I feel like I watch
a lot of lifestyle vloggers who bedrooms
don't look like this house where I
today's question of the day which
appears to also have been question of
the week where does Lina buy her glasses
in Post truth era this can't be
determined once and for all but I'm
going to give it a go what we're talking
about I'm so glad you all like them
because I don't know I got both pairs of
them I didn't know if I did glasses
fittings are all we've always been
really weird for me mainly because about
the age of 8 which is honest got my
first pair of glasses
they were rainbow around whenever I look
like a picture myself it's really
surprising to me that I wasn't bullied
since the age of 8 and I've been asked
questions like do you have a warm
complexion or a cool collection and like
holding little masks up to my face to
tell whether or silver or gold and also
everybody going you have a really round
face which means you should wear really
square glasses at 26 I was like just
applying those maths and science GCSE
you made me get and I think if I have
huge round glasses I'll be able to see
more because my peripheral vision will
be bigger and way down with vision alert
with vision but feel like if these do
have a functional purpose
I feel like massive round ones are the
way to go I used to get my glasses from
a bootable Specsavers and if you live in
the UK glasses are not covered by the
NHS if you're under 18 and they're very
expensive so when I was at an event and
I saw a girl with the most perfect
glasses of all time I lit shoes when I
turn I was like wedgie Oh glasses
probably not even like hi or hello I was
just like panned over the post code
words to get them and she told me about
Bailey Nelson now I usually pay like 200
150 pounds from a glasses which meant I
couldn't afford more than one pair at
Bailey Nelson all of the glasses are
like 94 pounds I think I think it's 94
all of their lenses are made in the UK
and they are assembled and in their shop
and I love them and when you go in all
of their glasses that you look at and 94
pounds like you no more no less
including lenses no hidden fees what the
hell the first time in my life I could
actually afford to buy more than one
pair and if you've ever been a glasses
wearer and like me quite extreme glasses
wearer and you broke do glasses
the day is gone you call in sick it's
over but now I have two pairs of glasses
when I lose my glasses I have a pair of
glasses to be able to find my glasses
because that is always like the matrix
for text of blindness I feel like the
stems on the side of normal glasses make
my face look even more prominent and
heavy and like feature I think I would
have a lot of features so I wanted
something that like was a statement and
complemented all student way down the
sides of my face so these of them so can
i link which ones they are in the
description this is so non spawn it hurt
I just literally love this company so
yeah they've got they've got silver stem
sides but then they're big and chunky in
the front which I really like and
they're super comfortable and then the
other ones are these ones which most of
my colleagues like haven't really been
that you know you get something new you
on your face or like done to your hair
and all of your colleagues like oh
that's nice at work everyone this is
like didn't really mention them and then
they look at me days of like getting
used to them now and but I really like
them and weirdly everyone's told me that
I have a round face and I don't mind
that these are also around like maybe we
celebrating around maybe we're investing
it around and so yeah this is a really
short video but I actually had such an
influx of questions that I thought I
would answer and that they are Bailey
Nelson everyone in there was like
insanely nice all of the emails that I
received from them were really funny and
because I really had my description they
just made me up the glasses without
having to test my eyes no questions
asked
feels very good very good also a really
brief note on hipsters I own mark ins
and I have a nose ring hello well Chloe
codes and I'm super liberal and less
wing and I thought you know what hipster
glasses might be one step too far that
might be like are sickening and then I
thought about all the people that told
me they don't like hipster glasses and
like how everybody's going wrong and
then I think about how much thought I
really put into picking glasses which is
exactly about 20 minutes in the shop a
few selfies of like do I look dead in
these and then I just buy them and I
love how so many people have so much
time to think about the identity of like
certain kinds of people and let it
frustrate them enough to think about it
in their fun times but yeah I just like
these glasses unlike you know what we're
going to die anyway really this can is
like a tiny planet in a massive the
solar system we don't really understand
so I mean
like what glasses you picked is a really
matter and at the same time it does
matter completely because now I can see
out of all especially these ones if
anybody is planning to sneak up hungry
and do a non-consensual ice bucket
challenge on my head I'm 80% more likely
to be able to see them in these so
excited okay that is the video for today
we can't be serious every day not every
day the next central crisis for me
believe it or not and you're also lucky
that I didn't turn this into an
existential poem about seeing and lenses
and the way we perceive the world I'm
uploading 40 videos during Lent so if
you'd like to see any of the other
videos I made you can click here Mac no
remember Paul my hands like the return
didn't assistance thanks for watching
