welcome to 40 days of questions I have
morning coffee and morning Weetabix that
is all I have to say quite antisocial in
the morning today's question is a real
one but I'm keeping it vague and
anonymous because it was a DM and you
don't know if this person was actually
planning to break up with somebody and I
don't want to expose that on the
Internet so today's question was
basically about how to know when you
should break up with somebody especially
if you haven't had a fight or there
isn't anything like clearly wrong in a
Saturday morning soap opera kind of way
of have experiences with that for
anybody who has been watching the
channel for a while I've written down
three points I think I agree with well
there like who knows they always change
and it's always different for every
situation so these are more like
pointers more Weetabix required okay so
the first point I've written down is you
disagree on the fundamentals of
relationship you can disagree on
politics you can disagree on religion
and you can disagree on kinds of cereal
that you'd like to buy in you can
disagree on music but I think the one
thing that like kills the spirit of
relationship or is like kind of terminal
um is when you disagree or you realize
you start to disagree on the intrinsic
things about relationships when you're
working on a project together you have
to agree on what the project is or if
you have to agree on what you think a
relationship is what you think love is
how attitudes toward the future should
be handled that's not necessarily like
where you want to live and and how you
want to like to spend the future because
sometimes that can kill something and
actually I think because we're all
learning about ourselves it's kind of
like and helpful to think about that and
that's what it comes to children they
should probably agree if somebody
doesn't really want children and the
other person really does like that's
hard like when you disagree on and the
like operational functions are
relationship not to make it a business
or like you know but it is it's like
it's like this pact and if you don't
agree or you want different things out
of the pact then you shouldn't be in a
pact the second thing is you're not
fascinated by them anymore which is
really sad um but I do think that like I
think some people are like all I should
be learning from my partner all the time
and I think that's kind of
like you shouldn't have to be learning
from them all the time but you should be
fascinated in their opinion even when
your friends are somebody casually like
you're friends with them
casually because you're interested in
what they have to say or or what they're
experiencing and if you haven't got
those really like quite light
fundamental kind of interests in each
other and that's been going on for a
while then it might be time to find new
people because like what I've definitely
looked at partners in the past before
and thought is that like somebody would
find this person fascinating like
somebody would really like just just
treat them like a like a beautiful um
piece of art or fossil and they just
want to like look after them or or learn
from them and listen to them and they
probably really add something to
somebody else's life but they've not
really adding anything I'm not the most
passionate person about this person like
you are not my fossil and it's important
I think to you realize that you might
not be the best person for somebody and
let them go and find that person
anything is not ticking boxes or you
know like you know this person isn't
that bad it's like this person has to be
like you'll think that supposed to be
the person that you're like oh I know
that you it might not be translate for
every but like I'm so into it a third
one just is like if you have a gut
feeling I don't advise making like all
kinds of life decisions on gut feelings
and but I think this is the one case
where I'm like it does actually make
sense and I think too if you have a gut
feeling for a long time over a long
period in a lot of different scenarios
and a lot of distant situations it's
okay to listen to that gut feeling
because relationships are fundamentally
feelings love is made up of feelings so
if you have a bad feeling about it and
you just have this gut I don't think
this is right I don't think this is
gonna work I've got a bad feeling I
don't think there's anything childish
about that I don't think there's
anything particularly Manic Pixie ish
about that I think there's anything
wrong with that because ultimately I've
definitely been right I've broken up
with people on a gut feeling going back
together with them and it hasn't been
right and I my gut feeling what's right
and that can sometimes be embarrassing
or humiliating to explain to other
people because it's not like the breakup
story that they want to hear when you'd
like you know talking about stuff or or
telling your friends like it's not the
kind of most sensation it's quite good
using breakup story but it's okay I
think that relationships are this extra
thing in your life like you should have
liked the fundamentals of like being
okay in place and you don't have to have
a relationship is this beautiful added
extra and if it's not a beautiful and an
extra and if it's not something that's
helping you with the rest of your life
or or they're not supporting you in this
fundamental like level or they're
ruining this level of like stability and
and safety in like normality that
they're supposed to be adding to then
that's dangerous and your gut is telling
you to protect that people people always
dismiss the gut gut power this is part
of a series called 40 days of questions
I'm uploading a video every day and then
apart from Sundays because somebody
guess somebody forgot that 40 days of
Lent does not include some days
apparently this forty seven days between
Sheriff Tuesday and Easter who knew in
the playlist here subscribe to see more
especially put that little alarm bell on
and you'll definitely know when I upload
and I'll see you tomorrow for a night
out
