yeah cuz I've had a career just like a
kazoo bye honey yeah I don't mean oh why
well obviously it's like something that
cool yeah but I think this part of like
my expectations of London were very
different to what London has actually
been for me when I first came here I
thought that I would never leave London
is a city is full of creatives and its
really inspiring to be surrounded by
like-minded people that are really
creative and they want to try to bake
through and do their own stuff it's nice
to be anonymous in a big place but
sometimes you can really feel caught up
with it within the vortex of London I
grew up like in the Midlands and I think
even that like you live really far away
from London and had your own
expectations but even like living really
close to London as a kid it feels like
this huge place that you're never going
to be part of you know and I think also
like it's got this fairytale element to
it like Dick Whittington like you can
see London to make your fortune and have
them be like that you actually get
poorer moving to London I went to
university in like a really small town
and I got a glimpse of like what it must
have been like for you to live in a
small town and like how nice that was
and I think when I'm used to London I
was a bit like oh I'm never going to
have that bad
but actually being surrounded by all
these like overwhelming amount of people
and I know lets people find it really
overwhelming but actually I find it
really weird becoming I think just
because like when there's so many people
you either can feel really insignificant
or you can feel like really calm because
you're not being watched like if a lot
of people the platform I bet nobody's
watching you like and I bet no I bet
like if you change your career or if you
like decide to do something weird like
it doesn't really change London like
London is a bit impenetrable the thing
that I find hilarious is the fact that
everyone will be chatting when you when
you go for example to the tube or
something like that
everyone's chatting even if you're with
your best friend or something and as
soon as you walk onto the tube
conversation sort of stuff whether it's
like your best friend or like a family
member you just sort of stand there it's
like everyone silence so you're just
walking and you'll be chatting this soon
you step on the tube side
if you give me this far away from
someone else and it's just dead silence
and everyone yeah it's really I thought
that was really funny I think my
expectations of London as a kid was like
that's the place that you go to be
successful but that's the place where
people who have made it lived and
actually like the reality is that
there's so many people in here who
haven't made it and I just live in their
lives and that's okay that's quite
reassuring like I actually think I could
have a really boring job in London and
still be really happy because the place
is so vibrant and the people are so
interesting like it's actually the place
that you can go and have a really boring
job and still be really happy just like
quit there might be a time when I feel
like I'm done like I've done everything
but at the moment like when I'm just
young like that feels like it will never
happen you're going to miss it yeah
definitely I'm excited to go home but at
the same time it's such a cool place and
I've met some incredible people like you
it's just really cool people are so
passionate about things people have
really articulate and you have really
interesting intellectual conversations
as well as very funny humor and yeah
definitely going to miss it if you want
to do an outro do it with a snog throw a
rock to the gas drunks no doubt oh yeah
I should sometime this is part of a
series it's called 40 questions ballina
you can't float not what the courtiers
your questions you know 40 days of
questions and you can watch the playlist
here it's pretty exciting and I guess
I'll see you tomorrow
