just when you thought the hipster
glasses game couldn't get any more
sickening she pulls out the big guns
today we're talking about a social
phenomenon
how dare other people live in the world
Oh
today we're talking about social
phenomenon I don't know the name of I
swear I've read articles in it I swear
I've heard people talk about it and some
of you on Twitter reassured me I'm not
going crazy but nobody can come with the
name so and I put into Google getting
fulfilment from telling people about a
thing rather than doing the thing
somebody suggested that it was called
substitution somebody else suggested
that it was called social reality I
think it's probably a type of social
reality social reality is distinct from
biological reality or individual
cognitive reality representing as it
does a phenomenal level created through
social interaction and therefore
transcending individual motives and
actions it's not completely but like but
like that could also just be socially
agreed norms like gender am i right I'm
not wrong and but I wanted to talk today
about this thing that I know I do all
the time um because I'm kind of in the
positive side and quite an honest person
and I also just get excited about things
and like I want to tell people about
exciting things and but also because
like I probably do need a certain level
of like congratulation and validation
I've got like a really bad habit of
telling people I'm gonna do a thing and
they're not doing the thing whether
that's trips I'm going on or things I'm
saving for or things I'm fixing or
projects I'm making like I love to tell
people about my ideas about the mainly
because I can get their feedback and
like get them to feed into it and like
um I'm not somebody he's very possessive
about their ideas and I'm definitely not
somebody to be generally secretive I'm
like biggest server sure there is but
when I heard about this thing but when I
heard about the scientific research that
was done into how likely you are to
complete a task once you tell people
they care about you about the task the
idea is that because you've been
congratulated on the idea of it and the
description of it you're less likely to
do it because you already got the
validation that you were looking for
from doing the thing when I heard that I
was like you know you have this
crippling moments of like oh it's me
it's me I had a moment where I was like
that is me in a tiny tiny simple
nutshell I really don't like doing
personality tests and in some ways just
because I'm like it makes me feel
uncomplicated
and ridiculous that thing definitely
made me feel that so I ignored it jump
to a year down the line exactly it more
than a year of me going do you know what
I think I want to turn stupid questions
with leaner into a podcast I still
haven't done it and I've made loads of
steps to do it but I'm not there and I
think it's just because I've been
telling people about it so I thought I'd
make that worse and tell you guys about
it if you haven't seen stupid questions
Alena is a series that I do on my
channel where I have like 30 to 40
minutes with a person that is different
to me in any way and I get to ask them
the stupid embarrassing questions and
that I I want to ask to understand even
if they're ignorant even if they're
embarrassing and it's their time to
explain and I listen and we put it on
the internet so that we have to ask
those ridiculous questions just once and
then hopefully you don't have to ask
them again I think by giving myself a
final deadline on this project and
telling you thousands of people I will
probably play into the hands of this
idea of social reality and I think it'd
be a cool experiment to see if I do it
anyway because now I've not only told
you about the project but I've also told
you about the social reality around the
project will that result in me actually
launching the project like Metta
tricking my brain into doing it because
apparently not telling people and
keeping it a secret
hasn't worked either anyway gonna tell
you one thing it's called I'm not being
funny but I would get used to subscribe
and listen to the trailer but I haven't
made the trailer the premise is that I'm
doing something similar to stupid
question Selina and some of stupid
questions Alena will become podcast
episodes but also be asking more orchid
questions that aren't necessarily to do
with one person's identity but maybe to
do the whole society or just generally
the way things around and you know what
I've recorded episodes and I've
interviewed people I'm in the process of
editing those now but it's taking me so
long because of like absolute full time
work and doing this and doing loads of
other random projects I'm trying to do
that I haven't got around to it but it's
actually really important to me and
every time I remember that I want to do
it and I talk to people about it it
becomes like the most important thing in
my brain I would like to launch this
podcast the day after the last day of
this project I mean it's not like I
haven't done anything towards it like
look at all these amazing covers I've
designed this one looks like
Chinese food menu this one is my right
girl feminist comeback album this one is
my Scottish heritage brand of truffles
box and a whole host of other words that
definitely failed if you want to hear
about the podcast I am going to link
below to a place where you can sign up
for a newsletter about it and then
hopefully you won't have to depend on
YouTube and Twitter to tell you about it
because I always miss stuff on those
things if you do Germany one hear about
it when it does happen they'll be a link
in the description if you have any
suggestions of themes or questions you
want me to ask on there feel free to
leave them below or just tell me about
how you persuade just loved to do
projects because oh god I feel like I've
told you I feel like I've you know now I
can't let you all down I'm gonna I'm
gonna do it I guess this feeds into
another video that I'm probably going to
do as part of these 40 days which is how
do you do all of the projects alongside
a huge managerial full-time job which is
literally a question for another day I'm
gonna gobbing on that shake deal April
there is a podcast called are not being
funny but from me this is our pact frog
snog out
