make art for your friends because when
the world bends back on itself every
heart will need are tailor-made for them
the band-aids of big hits won't fit it
will be close knit knit widths who will
keep each other from burning and rather
draw them round a fireside because when
they cut the phone lines shut off the
Wi-Fi or be you who will have to
assemble hope no flat packs now you will
need to score the pattern from scratch
carving jokes that match the misfortune
whittling wisdom from broken beams and
speaking dreams where the means once
were you are the raw material the next
teenagers have been waiting for when
love is real oak alized it won't matter
if your work has been done or revised
there is still something special about a
bad panto in a drafty hall when the
postcode is your own there is still hope
in their handwriting that refuses to be
mass-produced for the world and the
world will be so silent and so chatty
all at once like a reunion at the back
of a bus the friends who had been behind
screens for too long
