thoughts while eating it's probably
gonna be recurring them some seem during
and these oncoming days mainly because I
have some our best thoughts eating also
because often eating is the answer to
now that sounds that's not be unhealthy
about it but I also often just feel like
I can't make a decision or I can't do
something or I feel impossible they fill
out the world's collapsing and then I
realize that I'm just hungry
and that's that moment in time is the
answer and but I was also as I was
cooking today was thinking a lot about
food because I mean getting to notice
new reasoning and I want to explain
myself to him and I felt like one of the
things I really wanted to be known about
myself I really love food and I don't
think people realize how much I love six
how much like if I have a good meal at a
restaurant or one I'm out I remember it
for like weeks weeks they also have got
me thinking about this question that a
lot of you asked me which is like
various versions of the question how do
you find Allah how do you know you're on
the right career path and how do you
know and you know what I felt really
unqualified to answers question because
anyone knows me in real life will be
like know that every third day I'll
renew and goes I think I'm doing the
wrong thing with my life I think I've
made a an error I think I think all my
career choices have been leading me down
the path to unhappiness but the same
time I really think that I'm in the
right place career-wise that's because
I'm working with books another thing you
need to know about me which could be
contradictory some people but I think
makes complete sense is I really hate
cooking like I couldn't care less about
cooking I can't this is I just boil this
this is all I do because I know I really
cannot stand people talking me I'll
break off maybe I'll have a bake up does
enemy interests in a bake off rent at
some point I can't stand around people
over conversations with me about bake
off without my permission it's just but
I really have no I've never set aside
time I think there's lots of things I
want to be good at but I'm probably not
that good at buy will set aside time to
be adequate at just because I enjoy it
like playing a ukulele drawing they're
not things I know I'm intrinsically
particularly talented at they're just
things I enjoy being okay at cooking has
never been something on my radar for
that and I think it's because I know
food and I love how it tastes I just
have no interested in knowing how it's
made like I kind of like the mystery is
like it's like magic I don't want to go
to Hogwarts and find out how it happens
I just want to see the beautiful
firework display I think you can love
that me into way because of that I have
no problem going to restaurant and
handing money over to people who clearly
love to do it and love to make it and
it's so much better than me I'm happy to
pay for that food that they've made my
happy to face their labor in their
talent because I'm like you please do
this because what you're making is magic
and I can't do it and I'm sure people
feel that about books or about YouTube
or about poetry when it helps me
understand more why people like enjoy
stuff that maybe poets or youtubers or
musicians make and they don't want to
make it themselves I feel like that
every time I talk into a really great
pancake so grateful January does make
such a good difference from my life I
think every time I go to a party and
somebody asks me how my job is and I
start talking about publishing from the
book industry and how paper works and
stuff and people look a little bit
glazed it makes me realize that I'm in
the right take it is when I when I read
books so my degree and stuff I really
wanted to know how they worked like I'm
really fascinating the way chapters are
structured and the way like different
narratives are formed and like how
sentences and sound better in certain
ways of why and then publishing I'm
really interested in like how the e-book
market is doing whether you print your
words on short grain paper or longer in
paper how the binding happens how many
books and at what price and in watch
countries you need to sell to break even
on a title terms of things we want to
know and I realize that's boring for
some people but I think that's different
the two kinds of love that you can have
for something it's like the appreciation
for the end product and just loving it
and the absolute curiosity to take it
apart like a clock and find out how it
works and I think when you're at school
people are just like just do what you
love if I don't think that I don't think
that's enough information to go off in
fact I think you can make some really
bad decisions as that and for instance
my friend was telling me like the other
day that she'd really hate the book club
she loves reading she'd hate hate her
being a book club because she doesn't
want to talk about it she just wants to
enjoy it for this thing that it was and
then leave it she doesn't want to run
pick it or hear other people's opinions
on
how it works because you just just
happened with the way it turned out and
that's like amazing we actually need
that in every industry to keep industry
the flow so yeah when people ask me like
how do I know what I want to do how do I
know that I will choose a career or a
degree that I will love unlike which
kind of love do you love this thing with
do you want to take its lid off or do
you want to keep the lid on do you want
to take its lid off or do you want to
seal the lid firmly on and admire it
from afar I'm going to enjoy my pre-made
pasta parcels now I'm sure there's a
technical name for that so you don't
know the names right that pastor thing
where this food inside it you know I'm
talking about not very early the other
one just part of a series I'm doing
called 40 days of questions if you have
any other questions you'd like me to
answer in the next 40 days leave them
below
Oh my answer them I'll try sorry it's
the Sun cheering annoys you
mmm gross
smog smog out
