Wow Wow Wow this I look like when I wake
up look I'm picking myself without
laughing that is very my name is leader
my god ageing okay this is supposed to
be a realness video but I actually don't
think it should be an alarming video so
I'm just going to take something off and
take my face off
so I decided something this morning I
decided that if 2017 is going to get any
better and we're gonna all have to start
being honest about the way we're feeling
about the way we're voting about the
kind of people we mix with and if we're
mixing with enough kinds of different
kinds of people that's all whatever
today we're going to talk about
something I feel like people think I
talk about all the time but in fact
probably never honestly talk about and
that is my weight yeah here are a list
of truths that I haven't said on this
channel before but I want to say them
because I feel like other people might
feel the same and I don't hear a lot of
people saying it I've been watching so
much body positivity stuff recently that
I'm like cool but also um and I'll get
to why soon I am a size 18
um I don't trigger anybody by saying how
like how much I weigh the away what
you'd imagine somebody who has a size 16
to 18 in the UK ways I feel like a lot
of girls and make videos on YouTube
about their weight and they pinch their
arm and they're like yeah look at the
fat no look at the that what about at
this point about when you're held my arm
about 50% of it is fat not muscle or
bone have one of these a lot of these I
grew up with friends who had serious
II like 18 soldiers like as in like
hospitalizing they're for eating
disorders and from a young age I kind of
dropped the other way like whenever I
saw food I was like you eat that food
eat that food whenever I thought oh
maybe I shouldn't have another I'd go
that's how it starts and I'd have like
two more just to compensate all the time
pretending it was okay to be the fat one
and not get cast
the heroin in school plays and Bieber
casters the matron or the mum all the
time because I was confident and I was
happy and that that was true I was I was
confident and I was happy and that was
okay
however I also got diagnosed with PCOS
when I was 15 which I have made a whole
video on and I will link below it's kind
of a quite serious thing we have cysts
on your ovaries and it affects all of
your hormones and whether you can
reproduce which is like apparently and
lightly and it also affects the way
insulin operates in your body so
notoriously people with PCOS find it
really really hard to lose weight and
really really easy to gauge weight
gained weight gained weight and that is
something I found to be very very true
when I went to uni my feeling was I
deserved to have like the unique
experience that everybody else had and
the unique experience everything else
had was like so much takeaway and so
much food and I'd spent the summer
before uni like volunteering doing
manual labor in the desert so he was
like the like I was the fittest I've
probably ever been and then in that
first year two years of uni I just ate
like everybody else eh I didn't eat I
didn't go to McDonald's and like order
like ten meals at once and eat them
which would be fine but I didn't I just
ate the takeaways everything else ate
and I drank the beers everybody else
drank and also like solidarity for
solidarity for the girls out there who
have like hot friends and like I always
had hot friends and I loved them and
like they always just I don't know what
it is I just like they just tend to be
really hot and that's fine but like if
you've always been used to being the one
that like guys hit on last or don't Hill
at all like I feel you man and and I
also feel you for like so like whenever
I upload a video with Hunter and Lucy
and they don't even really know this
whenever I upload a video with Hannah
and Lucy on to my channel I get people
especially when it trends cuz it trended
worldwide last time and I had so many
comments in people that were like
scouring us out of 10 and being like
Lacey's a 10 Hannah's a 9 Lena's a 4
the other two had hot as hell bye wish
the fat one wasn't in it I delete them
straight away because like an espera the
moment I don't care but I just wanted to
be like if you're that person I totally
I feel you and it's fine and it cannot
affect you but also kind of affects you
all the time and that's okay
I'm making this video because I've been
so positively affected by all of the
body positivity
feeds especially on Instagram there's
been some amazing girls that link below
that have just been like it's just been
so good to just watch the dance after
after ignoring the diet industry
attending slimming world for 3 weeks and
then quitting making these harming
resolutions to want to lose 4 stone in a
year and then abandoning them and
swimming swinging the feminist way so
getting the way I should have swung and
where I was like no I don't care my
weight I'm beautiful the way I am I
don't care I finally saw girls who were
how I would look were I to be fit which
isn't because I think also all the other
times I wanted his weight I was aiming
at these bodies that like just weren't
mine like they weren't like the bodies
that I was looking at and the bodies
that I was like I should look like that
when I'm skinny like I'm never gonna
look I'm never gonna I'm never gonna
look like that but Instagram has showed
me women that are fit at why my body
type and my weight and I want that like
I look over and I'm like I want that it
is that okay and I know that as a
feminist I should be okay with all of my
chub and like just wiggle it around all
day and draw faces on it but at the same
time I'm 27 I don't know figures even
the beginning of the video and how well
I'm aging I'm gonna be 27 this year and
that really freaks me out especially cuz
I think a lot my friends cuz of youtuber
like a lot younger like I'm gonna be I'm
going to be to it I'm gonna be 27 I'm
very aware that while it's more and more
trendy to be chubby um I'm also like
really really risking diabetes at this
point like really risking it you're like
I'm always going to be pre-diabetic
because I've got PCOS and I've had like
diabetic tests before and I'll probably
have them in the future because they
always check to see whether you've
actually got it but I'm always on the
brink of diabetes and that's not who
wins it's only who wins if I keep eating
the way I do and keep avoiding exercise
a lot and keep having these really
unhealthy patterns of treating my body
and get diabetes
how many feminists points do we get that
I don't know if it's that many but the
problem is every time I spiral into
being like I may lose weight it's
January I'm gonna give jogs every day I
lose because I make it not about being
healthy and I make it not about treating
my body while I make it about all of the
things that feminism says you shouldn't
make it about and then I feel like a
failed feminist and then I quit and then
I feel like a winning feminist but then
I'm also fun with our dick and tired and
ill all the time because I'm just eating
beige foods or I'm not moving as much or
I don't feel like my days mine because
I've just sat in a chair and worked at
9:00 to 5:00 9:00 to 8:00 who knows
every day and not done things so I want
this to be the year if I sort that out
in my head and I thought it would be
cool if I documented it I've taken you
running before I actually kind of like
running I don't really want to make this
I do want to make these videos but I
always thought they were unnecessary or
stupid and then I was like thinking
about and trying to find if channels
existed that were weight-loss ones that
I need and want and they weren't about
what I did to lose weight they were like
about how you feel when you lose weight
and I so need a channel like that and
like I can't find one and if you can
link any below let me know but otherwise
I guess I'm making these videos I might
show the exercises I'm doing I might
show you the food I'm eating but what
I'm really going to talk about is how my
weight loss is gonna be a feminist
weight loss because of all I'm gonna
have a feminist weight loss year even
when I say that aloud that sounds
impossible in my head and that's
probably inaccurate but that how I feel
when I say feminist weight loss is like
no let's try it shall we
because I want to be fit so much and
sometimes I just want to be able to do a
cartwheel and I want to go traveling and
again and I want to be able to climb and
do bouldering how I used to be able to
and I was like nah dude and I want to I
want to be able to fold I want to be
able to sit and read a book and fold my
knees up to my chin and I just want to
be able to like be in my body more I
feel like because I'm a reader because
I'm like the clever one I'm always in my
head philosophizing or doing clever
stuff with my brain at work and I
never in my body I never lived there and
that's really sad and I'm rereading this
book I never did you know what this is
the book I've had this book for about
six years and I've started reading it
about four times and I've got to like
here here and then I'm just like this is
too real I can't I can't huh and
actually I stopped reading it it's one
of the only books I stopped reading
because it's so good but it's also so
it's that friend that you're like you
see into my soul I hate you and then you
walk off cuz you're like no stop telling
me truths I didn't like you want to be
the first person to tell yourself about
yourself and when somebody else does or
some bloody book called facts a feminist
issue does it for you you're like oh but
this year I'm gonna read that book I
don't identify with a lot of the advice
on the internet for losing weight
because I really hate going up when it's
dark I'm really bad at routine and I
think that's just something that I'm
going to accept I love trying new things
I love like being a maverick and
changing the plan and I can't I can't do
a routine I don't really have one kind
of exercise that I want to repeat doing
like that's very like I can't think of a
worse fate I don't like thinking about
the food they eat before I eat it I like
thinking about what I feel like and then
making it so food prepping never works
or planning or diet plan no no and I
also just don't want to redevelop a bad
relationship with food when I finally
got to this place at 26 years old where
I can eat a pizza and not feel like
maybe now I'm gonna miss our love here's
some truths that I hate from this book I
hate to be fat means to compare yourself
to every other woman looking for the
ones whose own fat can make you relax
being fat means to be outgoing and
jovial to make up for you think you are
you're deficits to be fat means having
to wait to your fin to live to be fat
means to have an excuse for failure to
be fat means to wait for the man who
will love you despite the fact the man
who will fight through the layers to be
fat nowadays means to be told by women
friends that men aren't where it's at
even before you had a chance to know I
felt like that so much as a teenager I
felt well also going to add one to be a
fat youtuber means to look thinner in
your videos than you actually are and
for people to comment on this video and
go you're not
and me to go no but I'm a bit choppy and
it also means to be a little bit as part
like literally 5 cent my brain when I
meet people or I'm going to like a
YouTube meetup or summer in the city to
meet people who watch my channel and
like know that when they look at me
they're a bit like oh should be heavier
than I thought oh nobody really think
that but I always think they're thinking
that and like I get past it like pretty
much immediately but like the Thor is
definitely always still there I just
wanted to say all this stuff because I
don't know if it's just honesty I'm not
saying that any of its like the right
way to think but I just wanted to know
if any of you felt the same because I
have a feeling that you might every time
every time that I exercise there's part
of my brain that goes you're doing this
for the wrong reasons you should stop
and then I stopped exercising and I like
exercising and I really for the
professional things I want to accomplish
this year and the places I want to go as
like a boss manager woman I need
exercise I need energy
I need discipline I need habits and I
can't I just have never got to that
place inside me where I've reached that
level and this year is the year that I
am sure and I've doubted every year
before but I'm sure this year I can keep
the duality in my mind of I'm okay with
the way I am when I love myself when I'm
a feminist and I am trying to get fitter
and I am trying to get discipline and
not cause myself an eating disorder is
that positive I don't know should we
find out is that is this a stupid thing
to put on the internet because I worry
that body positivity is amazing and it's
everybody's choice to stay exactly the
way they are and that it's beautiful and
I'm watching all of these like
body-positive instagramers who are my
size and her bigger than my size just
like literally just loving themselves
and it is so amazing and but for me I am
worried only isolated and personally
about myself and my health and the fact
I might get diabetes and that when I do
want to travel I do want to go up
ventures I won't have the stamina and to
do exactly what I want to do and I'm
also scared the when Donald Trump
triggers the next apocalypse I will be
the slowest to run away
I'm gonna need to be able to jump some
fences ma'am I also got a bit of a scare
over Christmas because I got the flu jab
and immediately after I got flu and
which I thought was just like phantom
flu and then it just continued and I had
flu from the 5th of December I kind of
still have flu and I went when I got
over the Christmas and I was like so ill
I came into work because I'm an idiot
and I just pushed myself and push myself
and it wasn't doing an exercise because
I felt too or thought of exercise and I
was eating fruit and vegetables but also
rubbish because I was like so tired and
rundown and I just needed energy and I
got off the train at Christmas and my
mom looked at me and she was like I
don't think that's flu then she took me
to the walk-in Center on Christmas Eve
and I turned so I had sinusitis and I
got talked from the doctor about how I
should not have myself world's not
pushing myself and it's rubbish because
all my colleagues had that job and
nobody got ill and I think it's cuz my
immune system is run down because I'm
not looking after my body properly and
then I also got into this thing of like
that's how people get chronic illnesses
because they wear down their immune
system so much and they don't get care
of their body so they get all those
chronic illnesses that they never get
over and then they get their immune
system gets worn down so much that then
they just get like the common cold and
then they die I don't know why people
think I'm a hypochondriac I don't want
to die so I'm gonna do this so yeah I
don't know what this series is gonna
entail I don't know how often I'm gonna
upload because obviously the main focus
of the series is to keep my mental
health as healthy as possible but I do
want to pledge to update you guys and
invite you to join me and see if you
have any resources to in the comments
like is it possible to be losing weight
as a feminist like intentionally losing
weight as a feminist and like if it is
like do you have any resources you can
put below without me are we great I
might take you on some runs I used to do
that anyway take you on some runs and
tell you how I'm thinking about
everything I might tell you the kind of
food changes that I'm making because
like like how I'm making any rules for
myself food wise but I also do want to
eat more healthy so that's gonna be
interesting but like I really can't the
rules the rules do something weird to my
brain because of the post bikini body
world we've suddenly moved into and then
everyone feels like we've always lived
there where I'm like I think I still
bear the mental
scars of being a teenager during the
bikini body never seeing at the any of
the bodies phase like I can't if I make
rules to myself eating wise it it does
just spiral into being damaging and I'm
not going to shy away from saying that
like I have tried to make myself sick
before and like I'm not saying I have
bulimia because I think I recognized the
signs that stopped but like that has
happened and I've definitely over eaten
before I've definitely pushed myself to
that place but I am like crying anything
else it's really honest but like oh so
just need to I think it might be a good
honest I think it might be good to put
into it very good well the internet no
like I've definitely been cheated to the
point where I'm like I really don't want
it and I the compulsive I get scary like
you literally just can't stop yourself
and you're feeling sick and you want to
cry but you like you want to punish
yourself by eating and that's happened
and they're things that I've never they
haven't really been patterns they've
just been like events in my life that
have happened like once a year since I
was like young and thankfully they've
never spiraled into anything worse but I
am also aware that I'm capable of that
so this might be humiliating to put on
the Internet by I'm also so over the
stories where it's already happened to
somebody and they tell you in retrospect
because like if I tell you in retrospect
like how I lost weight like a feminist
I'm not going to remember what it was
like I'm just not I'm gonna raise it
because that's what you do when you're
good at something
and you're successful at something is
that you like forget how you got there
properly because you want to believe
that like part of it was just magic or
you don't want to remember some of the
hard times because it's kind of like
childbirth and your body just erases it
and I don't want to do that I'm also
really like hyper ly aware that I don't
want to trigger anybody that means
always clarifying that I'm only talking
about myself it means not using negative
words towards the way I look and my body
it means not comparing myself to other
peoples and and using words that aren't
cool to use towards other people it
means not talking about my weight it
means giving you snow
shots into what I'm eating but it means
not telling you everything I'm eating or
a plan and they're all things that like
you know they're ashamed not to include
but they're also like important because
I haven't lived through a full-blown
eating disorder and I'm trying to be
tolerant to the people that have or a
susceptible to doing so
and I god damn it I'm not gonna be that
youtuber though I just want to say now
that like I'm not disgusted by my weight
I'm not my body does not repulse me as
it has in the past and I love my body
and I've got to that place where if I
stayed this wait forever that would be
okay I would still feel like me I would
still feel entitled to all of the love
and all of the jobs by also want more I
want more energy I want I deserve more
energy I deserve to not be excluded from
the exercise and sports in world because
I am scared of not being a feminist
stupid and I deserve to not get diabetes
because I have PCOS and I need to start
taking that seriously because I'm gonna
be a 27 year old woman my body has a
problem with it and then can't produce
sugar properly and I do put on weight
really easily and I know that's gonna be
so hard to lose weight I'm in so many
PCOS forums where people talk about how
hard it is to lose weight as a woman
with PCOS I know that's going to be
hella harder but from now on that is
going to be a factor in my journey to
being healthier not the reason I don't
I've kept myself chubby because I was
scared or eating disorders and I was
scared of not being a real feminist
and I've also just wanted to do things
I've been lazy I've like just I wanted
to sleep in and I've I've not wanted to
go out on the cold and I've not and I've
also just thought it was below me
because I'm an idiot and always think
like Oh clever I'm clever I don't need
to I am NOT going to get any further in
my life if I don't take control of all
parts of me mind spirit and body like
just Nita that need to be mine again and
I don't think by ignoring its needs and
it's once and and and
respectful to it and treating it in a
nice way um I don't think that's winning
being big and being happy with that is
such a powerful feminist statement
treating a body like shit and making
yourself ill isn't a feminist statement
that's rubbish and that's what I think
she think that's wrong tell me in the
comments below so join me on this
journey where I find out it's possible
to lose weight as a feminist ah you guys
see me confident quite a lot you might
see me you're not confident in these
videos but that's okay because we need
it we need it needs to happen if you've
got PCOS too which I think a lot of you
have because you comments on my last
video it's Jess yes hallo me below and
tell me if you have any like requests of
anything you'd like me to cover in these
videos or any questions you have or any
resources you can push me towards
because I believe the hair I don't know
anything about this but I mean
especially losing work with PCOS I know
it's different mmm and if you also have
any pointers for me to make this a
feminist series and make sure that I
don't say anything
shitty about other women or I don't like
do anything triggering like tell me what
I shouldn't do below like tell me below
thank you for being my internet friends
and for being amazing I always love
talking to you guys in the comments and
I think your comments usually more
intelligent my old videos so I look
forward to those mmm frogs no doubt
what am i doing
