so you lot seemed to really like it last
year when I listed all of my favorite
books that I'd read in 2015 so if isn't
broken know again I've got it down to 10
I'm going to try and be brief I a
ganache Dover what titles to pick and
but in the end I've gone for a mixture
of poetry nonfiction fiction something
for everybody
first up is one I've talked about before
it is Lara Williams treats this is a
collection of sweeping short stories
about sex and work and being a
millennial also just being yourself and
I thought it was of huge literary merit
it's published by a small publisher and
based in Glasgow called freight books
they're amazing they do great books look
them up I have already reviewed this so
I'll link that below in sweat play again
I didn't review this but I made a whole
video on how it had affected me so I'll
leave a link to that this for me was the
antidote to a lot of issues around body
dysmorphia a lot of fear of sport a lot
of fatigue at that kind of fits Parisian
style coverage of women's movement in
the world and how women deserve to be
able to use their bodies before this
book I believe that sport wasn't for me
after this book I realized that wasn't
something from inside me it was
something I had absorbed the my
life-changing magic of not giving a
is Sarah Knight's answer to the magic of
tidying which is a great book but if
that book annoyed you oh this is this
you'll love this you're gonna you're
gonna you'll learn things like having
personal policies and things like no
they're not sorry method how to say no
to things without offending people how
to really prioritize and clean your mind
are the things that you don't really
need to be doing and I was made a video
about this so link that below but clean
in the joint here were cleaning the
joint next one the next one is magic
lessons by Elizabeth Gilbert now you
might know her because she wrote a book
called Eat Pray Love however if you
didn't know like Eat Pray Love this book
is still for you I listen to this an
audiobook and this has a lot of the
warmest richest most amazing voices ever
she also has a podcast so if you want to
sample what the book is about I will
link that below this is based on its
head
she gave about this idea of what magic
is and what creativity is and why this
idea of the tortured artist of somebody
who needs to be sad to create is
literally destroying us the psychology
behind being nervous to make things I've
listened to this audiobook
two-and-a-half times I think just in
2016 and even if you don't really like
she uses a lot of symbolism and I love
it it's quite tongue-in-cheek
I think and but even if the spirituality
side of it bores you the ideas behind
what she's talking about still ring
truth it talks about the idea when you
know and you've like you think you were
gonna do something or you had this idea
and then you need to realize that
somebody just did it you're like what
how does that happen she's this thing
where she really is that ideas will
visit people and they'll they'll they
kind of have their own motives and they
know they need to exist so if you are
visited by an idea and you feel that you
need to create it and you don't that
idea will move on and it will find
somebody else and that's why like
different parts of the world have
similar ideas at similar moments because
these ideas just need to happen and I've
never read a book that has motivated me
more to not only create but help other
people create and make them feel valid
so if you want to make things in 2017
and you're struggling with that this
this great tempest of popery love you
this is um let them eat chaos it's a
long-form poem and that will probably
take you about half an hour to read and
it's also an album that she's made it
follows lots of different and diverse
kind of characters all over London as a
storm breaks out and it gets inside all
of their minds it's simple its political
it's kind of like a rallying cry to
change things um but it it's all I cried
quite a lot quite a lot it was quite an
assault it was quite a half hour I'll
tell you that but if you need courage in
2017 you know all of the world's
problems feel a little bit too
complicated for you and this is a way to
get the spirit back into you and to kind
of like more deeply understand where
other people are coming from and I just
don't thought it was hold your own was
great but this is you've been publicly
shamed Jon Ronson
an amazing journalist and writer and he
follows lots of different people around
as they deal with the aftermath of being
publicly shamed on the Internet
whether that's Justine Sacco who tweeted
a kind of in bad taste racist joke
turned her phone off got on a plane
while she was on the plane hashtag has
justine landed yet trended worldwide on
twitter and everybody circulated the
tweet when she got off the plane she
found out that she'd lost her job and
that hundred thousand people wanted to
kill her it talks about the aftermath of
Shane with the idea of mob morality and
group judgment and the function a few
people in our society have been labeled
as bad has for the rest of us how we
want to distance ourselves from bad
decisions rather than identify with them
it goes some pretty dark places but
he'll managers keep it light-hearted and
what I really like about Jon Ronson is
that he's so kind he is one of the most
intelligent sharp open-minded um like
really fair really like asks the most
Awkward questions in the most Awkward
ways but he at and he manages to
maintain this sense of calm throughout
it and there's this sense of like
empathy which is right I don't know I
don't know how I don't know how he I
don't know how he does it and again I
listen to this an audiobook and I
recommend it because Jon Ronson is like
a really unique voices like it really
helps you get the tone with which he is
judging people it's just it's just it
can't I do I might make another video on
it because I probably will listen to it
again I have this bad habit of thinking
that I am enlightened and every now and
then I mean every now and then every
time I pick up a book about race I'm
proved wrong and this is the book that
not only did that for me this time but
also stands alone as an incredibly
engaging and well thought-out and
well-executed collection of poetry this
is Vivek Shreyas collection of poetry
called even this page is white it is it
should it should it should be it shook
me in a way that I was embarrassed to be
even sure I was first saw this on my
friend Jason's channel and
I saw his brilliant video on it and I
was sounding off about it in the
comments being like this sounds
absolutely incredible
it's not available in the UK at the
moment ah and he was like kind enough
and believed in this book enough to get
a copy to me out of his own pocket from
Canada here and I've read it several
times since and have been trying to find
the best way to talk about it on this
channel because and part of the point of
the book is that it's kind of talks
about how in 2016 it's not enough to not
be racist it is absolutely vital that we
give what we have too much of which is
limelight platform resources here's a
poem core not all white people I don't
know your story that is true you're a
good person
sterling intentions good heart extra
mile your parents labored you grew up
poor picked on and kicked out haunted by
loss many truths can be true at once you
can be all of the above and you can be
racist one of the poems is completely
made up of quotes and words from the
signed petition to ban Kanye West from
playing at Pan Am Games closing ceremony
if you like poetry it stands alone as
delicious amazing poetry but if you're
also interested in finding out whether
you are a little bit racist this will
definitely be checking out more of her
work because it is absolutely
astonishing and I suggest you do too
Jenn pointing me towards this book this
is why God is a woman by ninh Andrews
again it's a short accessible poetry
collection for those who don't like
poetry it's kind of poetry but it's kind
of just storytelling this is a book this
is a short experiment in imagination and
what it would be like on an island where
it was Adam who bit the Apple it was
women who were the sacred body from
which men grew where vagina envy is a
common psychological disorder men grow
wings and the bigger wingspan the more
desirable Emanuel I had I had
include a rum coming here because I am a
huge rum Cup I'm a huge rum come fast
I'm only starting to say that now
because like when you're studying a
masters that a Russell group University
it's not something you should say and
when you're in publishing it feels like
in a lot of places in publishing it
that's not really what you should be
enjoying the most you should be you know
reading both but being like cool off
sooo Murakami's better is he though
because Mari McFarland has done it again
I've already reviewed this book so I'll
link that below but when I'm looking at
my shelves and I'm going what was an
actually great read like this book knows
what it was trying to achieve and it
does it in this clever like
tongue-in-cheek amazing sharp-witted
rom-com way and the day that Mario
McFarland writes rom-com film scripts
the rom-com genre will be healed anybody
who thinks that yaa is a subcategory and
not as good category and not as literary
character category as any other book
genre hasn't read this book hasn't read
this book it's about two American boys
who are struggling with their visuality
of their heritage and their culture and
their sexuality and their best friends
and it is absolutely heart-wrenching and
I read it in one night which I'm not
using somebody to do that I usually take
like three months to finish a book I I
was just weeping by the end of it it's
got race issues LGBT issues it's got
feelings it's got so many and crisis of
masculinity that's also a huge part of
it is this idea of and what they think
it means to be a man and it it's so
subtle it's so it's so unpatriotic and
it's so um it has like it doesn't just
show characters who are happy or sad or
upset or angry it all the characters are
displaying at least two emotions at once
each scene hits these emotions that sit
between all of those points like it's
just how how did how did how did you how
does how does this book even exist
those were my personal top favorite
books that I read in 2006
links to videos about all of the other
books will be below and let me know
below the best book that you read in
2016 so maybe I can read it in 2017 and
we could all make 2017 best year ever
okay folks look out
