so 2016 wasn't great 0 out of 10 would
not 2016 again making changes can be an
absolute ball ache and feel really
overwhelming so here was tidy diary tiny
changes you can make without even really
noticing the first one is Fairtrade
coffee I've seen this around so much
more than I used to about 15 years ago
my gran used to volunteer for trade
craft she'd always be like buy Fairtrade
and I'd be like man it's nowhere can't
find it now it's everywhere I'm noticing
it more and more and I think it's really
important as consumers to encourage
those companies who have made a little
bit of a leap to take that chance and
make it available for us to actually
pick it Starbucks have fair trade
options in their coffee shops so if you
do buy one take picture of it tweet it
say thanks Tarbert I bought the
Fairtrade one thanks rose because while
Starbucks isn't a pooling company it's
not going away anytime soon my attitude
is if you can't beat them join them and
then do little weak or near them like
let's change a little bit let's change a
little bit as we've boyfriend's as with
companies make them think it was their
idea and then Pat them on the head of
congratulate for them for it it's all so
grumpy mule which is opened in my
workplace and is open in a lot of places
so if you see that around get it get it
get it there's also lots of options in
your supermarket so this is the instant
coffee that I buy it is cafe direct and
it's my favorite one it's really really
tasty I'll leave the details of it below
and if you like your ground coffee
because you use a cafeteria or darling
and then there's also lots of options
Sainsbury's are particularly good on
that they have Fairtrade tea available
as well and it's super cheap it's the
it's the lowest price the second one the
second one is moon cup if you don't have
a vagina or you do have a vagina and you
don't have period that's cool but those
of us who do I'm meaning to talk about
this for a while but I do I knew the
moment would come when I'd have to raise
an object to the camera that I've had
inside my vagina today is the day I knew
I knew it was coming this is my moon cup
if you it feels like doing the boyfriend
tag when you've been dating for two
years and then you're like oh I feel so
weird too exposed
I've been using moon cups for two years
and I can honestly say I have PCOS
polycystic ovary syndrome you can learn
more about that in the links below
I get particularly bad Perry pain and
this cut it in half for those of you who
don't know these are reusable menstrual
cups they're completely sanitary they're
a lot cleaner to use than tampons even
though you reuse them you're a lot less
likely to get infections because they
sit a lot lower at you vag they're less
intrusive if you use them properly
you're way less likely to get diseases
from them you also won't go into
anaphylactic shock all the other
horrible things the temples expose you
to links below but like Jesus Christ why
are we allowed to use tampons why were
they a thing
oh wait because the patriarchy is trying
to poison us see contraceptive pills
there are lots of people that have made
much better content on this so I'm gonna
leave all of those below something I
didn't really see in any of my research
though just to add to the conversation
is a review of all of the different
kinds so very very briefly I've tried
all three kinds just to be thorough
disclaimer these are stained because
that is the glitz and glamour of being
female it happens to everybody it will
happen to your moon curves it doesn't
mean they're dirty it's just a symptom
of having a reusable product by the way
you clean them by boiling them so no
horrible chemicals or anything else
super simple this is the original moon
cut it is the thickest this is probably
the hardest one to get in and I this is
my first one and I found it really hard
to start with at the beginning so I
wouldn't recommend this actually if you
are starting off with moon cuts they are
really sturdy though so if you like them
and you plan to use them for a long time
this is probably the one I feel like
it's gonna last me the longest
apparently the last 20 years apparently
their last 20 years this one is its
rival brand Diva Cup this is my favorite
one you can see there's slightly
different shapes this one I haven't
trimmed either of these by the way but
this one comes with a slightly longer
Cup so I find it a lot easier to get out
of me because you kind of pinch it kind
of pinch it fold it and pull it out and
for that because it's it's lower it is a
lot easier to get out and not spill it
I'm not even gonna tell you spill
stories it's actually really hard to do
I'm just a little bit well yeah this one
is also made out of slightly more
malleable plastic so I find it a lot
easier to get in there and then the
third one is a really cup which is
available from this really cool charity
called no more taboo they actually sent
this one to me thanks guys
hashtag noms bond they defend it because
they're nice this one is the smallest
one so if you're starting or you have a
really light flow and this is the best
one I always use this too
they're like the end of my period
because you just don't need one as big
and it's it's really it's probably the
easiest one to get out it's got the
longest stem as well and it comes in
lots of colors which is really nice too
so the staining doesn't show up so this
is our starter one I'd say Diva Cup is
my favorite overall and moon covers of
like you're serious woman here's a fun
test I'm just gonna I'm just gonna
demonstrate a lot of people are scared
that these things leak I can tell you
literally after you've used it once it
won't leak like it's it's just it's just
science just gravity so I'm gonna
demonstrate with them this is a test of
my housemate watches my videos I'm using
my housemates Leicester City shot
glasses to demonstrate it's clean it's
all clean I saw that so this is this is
this is hold they won't good in British
you'll do like that and there you go but
it's just the so lights of suction
it's not it's about going anywhere and
then when you want to remove it you just
press here pull in like that and it's
out lots of people say they're really
hard to use and I get that but do you
remember do you remember being 12 and
trying to learn how to use a tampon for
some reason because that's so normalizes
our society we're willing you spend a
year trying to make tampons work for us
and so just involves feeding like a 13
year old for about three months so then
you get hang on it the next thing is
buying books full price controversial
and amazon are killing the book industry
in in summary I work in books
I love the publishing industry they used
to be a thing called the netbook
agreement which meant that the
government for big interests of
everybody viewed books not as a luxury
item but as an essential part of our
culture and our world and sustaining the
publishing industry and making sure that
companies make a sustainable living out
of books so that literature can keep
being funded and going and also any kind
of idea can be started not just
literature but science maths clever
stuff a book for $8.99 is the most
affordable and ratio of time you'll
spend with a piece of entertainment to
money you have given pay ten pounds to
see a film now you spend an hour and a
half of the theater you can spend 13 or
with a book for the same price I'll
leave a link below to my favorite essay
by George Orwell on this called books
versus cigarettes and prioritizing
buying books and making sure that books
are affordable for people and but there
was a time in our history when books
used to be super expensive and in
affordable and now they're super
affordable I was talking to the head of
a publishing house once and he said that
a book from the moment its printed to
the moment it reaches the shop will
touch 20 pairs of hands from all the
people that are selling it through its
all of the distributors and that's not
even including the author the agent that
helps edit the editor themselves and all
the people that market and publicize the
book you can't get your books cheaper on
Amazon bear in mind that they don't pay
their tax and when I look at how much
tax comes out of my paycheck every month
I get really angry of that and they also
will willingly make a loss on books just
to beat independent shops like foils or
bigger book shops like Waterstones never
mind all the individual people that are
trying to be booksellers and refine that
as an art so they were literally giving
you 70% off a book just so they can beat
other companies and keep you on their
site so then they can sell you full
price stereos and and headphones and get
you on Amazon Prime it's not the
publishers or book shops or ripping you
off by selling you a book for a tenner
it's the Amazon of tricking you into
thinking that literature is even less
valuable than the world has already
tried to make it by taking away the
netbook agreement ah what's put on books
are really expensive and this idea came
in to play partly thanks to Alan Lane
and Penguin that books should be
affordable and accessible to everybody
so the industry started to make them
cheaper and cheaper the netbook
agreement was to protect the industry
from being out priced and it trusted to
the publisher to put a RRP on a book and
know that that was the price that they
needed to keep their companies running
and to keep the industry flourishing a
result of not paying a reasonable normal
I would say still quite affordable
compared to I don't know makeup price
for a book is that publishers big
publishers can then use the excuse to
not commission new works that might be a
gamble or works from people who want Y
or people who aren't cisgender because
they say they can't afford the gamble
but
taking a chance on something that isn't
canon or doesn't fit into a category
might not keep the lights on now why I
don't think that's true I dunno the
publishing industry has been struggling
for a long time and will definitely
continue to struggle during brexit any
lecturer lecture over the lecture if er
I feel strongly about this okay take it
take it or leave the advice and also if
you can't afford bucks use your library
lose your life but you lose your library
we also need things the other one is
I've started paying for my news I'm not
going to go into all the arguments but
why you should but we're getting to a
really dangerous situation in this
country where a lot of the biggest news
corporations are right-wing and one of
the coolest newspapers that I love is
the Guardian I have just subscribed to
pay five pounds a month to The Guardian
and they make all of their articles
available for free because they believe
that's the right thing to do The
Guardian is one of the last news outlets
in this country that is owned by a trust
that's whole explicit purpose is to make
sure that the Guardian keeps things
available for free and sets the editor's
free of commercial pressures it's not
ironed by Rupert Murdoch it's not owned
by anybody else
it's just owned by then and I think
that's gonna be so important we're
making 2017 a little bit cooler than
2016 so if you want to join me I'll
leave the links below but I'm paying
five pounds a month to the Guardian to
thank them for their making so much of
my journalism free and the last one this
one's just this one's just for you um so
I'm a millennial and I am probably
forever going to rent and I realized it
a lot of rented properties that I have
had and especially this one I've just
moved into they're not providing me with
like safety things I moved in and this
was the fire alarm hanging on the wall
there in painted over the very clear
sign that says do not paint over if
rubbish it doesn't work if you are in a
rented property demand that your
landlord provides you with one but more
important being right is being safe so I
bought my own one off the Internet is a
smoke and carbon monoxide alarm bear in
mind that lots of places will provide
you the smoke alarm but doesn't mean
it's gonna print you from carbon
monoxide I sound like a mom do I sound
like a mom I've also ordered
air two fire extinguishers for my flat
because we don't have those either I
realized that I'm an absolute two out
with many things I think interesting get
first priority things that are boring
yet could be potentially
I've saving take the back burner take
the back burner there's no point in
spending the whole of 2017 on
self-improvement and then dying in a
embarrassing pop-tart related fire is
there okay thanks for watching I hope
you have a really mischievous crazy yet
safe New Year
