boy welcome back how you been how's the
uncle how's the neighbor today I'm here
to talk self-help and the structures
that hold it back and so I felt like
self-help is a pity Zamora that a lot of
people who consider themselves book
lovers don't really count as part of
their sphere I think there's also lots
of people who buy a lot of self-help
books and don't transfer into the other
genres and I think that's kind of sad
because good writing exists everywhere
and a love of books can help you in lots
of different ways so I think like
there's definitely some reconciliation
to be done between these two communities
so I don't think they always overlap I
also find that there's a lot of readers
who I'm like read one self-help book and
they're like me I don't I like self-help
whilst getting profusely angry if people
say that about their favorite genre
there's also a perception of the
self-help reader somebody whose life has
made them bedraggled you know they're on
the edge of divorce they they're in a
huge amount of debt and there but for
the grace of God go I the best people in
the world always know that they need to
hear advice self-improvement isn't
something to be ashamed of and just
because some people do it badly doesn't
mean it's not a good idea also anyone
who wants to tell me that they don't
read self-help books because they don't
need help good for you good for you that
you've never felt in a position or a
point in your life or you're like I
don't know what the next step to take is
and you've turned to one of the most
age-old dependable less likely to trick
you solutions books such as hopes people
I say good for you but for those of you
who are interested in trying self-help
but maybe have had bad experiences in
the past or are a self-confessed
absolute self-help junkie like me this
video is for you can we also just
acknowledge the laughable irony in in
the term self-help book because somebody
else wrote the book so the self-help
book is only really self-help if you're
reading your own but apart from that
it's other people helping you I guess
this is a whole infinite we like to
teach a man to fish and he will only
feed himself for a lifetime but like in
reality you're there because you're
hoping somebody else knows better but at
least will add to your thought process
in a way to push you on mmm
brainstorming in the comments better
names for the self-help section
self-improvement also like literally
somebody else is improving you anyway
the friendship cure by Kate leaver and I
think this is an incredible book I
actually talked about it very recently
in a video so I won't talk too much
about it
but I think it's a great argument for
the idea that your social ties are more
likely to determine your long-term
overall happiness than your spouse
children or any other thing having
though that bigger network of people
that are not just company but companions
is a very under thought about and under
protected and under nurtured and under
invested in area of your life for me
this book take took away some of the
shame I had around at Ming that I
struggled with certain friendships or
that I didn't know how to navigate them
and asking other friends about it
because I feel like it's really accepted
for to turn up to like a drinks occasion
and be like oh my god my boyfriend it's
driving me up the walls when you have a
problem with a friend it can manifest in
just bitching and deciding that this
person is a bad person
and it's always hard to bring up a more
nuanced situation in a conversation or
or even have those conversations with
the people you're struggling with
friendship fluids because we don't
really have the same vocabulary for it
we rarely see it played out on a screen
we just don't have the kind of script
and framework and ways of talking and
thinking about it Kate looks at the
scientific implications I'm not having
friendships and makes you feel a lot
better about not being popular or not
having lots of friends and why that
might be a good thing she talks about
the ideal side of girl gang culture and
the more performative weird side of it
work wives and 95 husbands like
friendships online evolving the bromance
and toxic masculinity the loneliness
epidemic and how to navigate a
friendship with somebody who has
depression and it's just it's just a
really great manual for I'd love to give
this out in schools like I think it's a
really good springboard for things and
well like you know no book on this topic
is perfect I'm most just like so few
books are in this space we need to fill
the shelves with book like books like
this anyway that's the first one
whew second one is from a series I
highly recommend call the school of life
this kind of self-help self-improvement
book is mostly less action point based
which can be frustrating for some people
and much more philosophy based and about
how people have thought about a topic
throughout history how to think about
our topic differently and come at it
from a different angle so it's not
necessarily gonna solve your problems
but it's a there I always find that
these books are a really great way of
like
giving your brain a little fizz and
shake-up and like working out which of
your thoughts are learned behavior and
which ones are your actual thoughts and
so this one is called how to find
fulfilling work by Roman crass Merrik
crank I saw him speak years and years
ago at a festival and it was when I was
just about to start having a career and
and I was still at uni and it was like a
moment you know and you have those like
click moments when you're hearing
somebody speak and he was talking about
how just like schools aren't designed
for all kids the 95 job isn't designed
for all people and being realistic about
that I remember you told the story about
this guy who worked who worked like
really slowly for six months of the year
like 12 15 hour days on an oil rig and
and they could get a lot of money for
active to go away and its really super
inconvenience I'm sure among other
things also highly skilled he did that
for six months the year and then he used
that money to do whatever he wanted with
the other six months and there weren't
expensive things he lived a really like
cheap simple life but he just like like
walked his dog and read a lot and did
some writing and like worked in his
creative projects and that was like
that's such like I still think about
that and it's not assuming that like
even if you do end up in a nine-to-five
job like me it's good to know what the
options are and imagine them so you
don't feel trapped in your own choice
the difference between a career and a
vocation whether really having fun at
work as a myth and it's just I just owe
it that I found that really helpful at a
point in my life and I've always kept it
ever since because I'm like I feel like
I'll come back to this is as you know
you just hold on to those books cuz
you're like thank you book just like you
don't have to get attached to all the
characters in a book or enjoy the ending
of books you have enjoyed it in its
entirety
not all self-help books have to really
be serious and help you some of them are
genuinely well-written and funny to read
and so this one is he's just all that
into you which is the self-help book and
that inspired that mad mad film one of
them I come from it's written by a woman
and a man and it is like one of them I
come from which one it was a consultant
for Sex and the City scripts so it's
really like fast-paced and funny
and it's very nice it's so 90s in the
same way that you can see
like lots of problems with friends but
you still enjoy it and you're like this
is of its time and it hasn't a world
moved on this is also I feel a piece of
self-help history and and still stands
up to being incredibly funny
I would love to see somebody write a
version of this or perhaps you already
have tell me in the comments for like
the queer community from a feminist
perspective all of all of the things
that was a point in my life where this
book acted for me as that friend in the
friendship group where everyone all of
your other friends like most of the time
all of your other friends advice is
really helpful and useful the people who
are like support you through things and
I like just tell me how you feel and I
will support you in that decision or
like let's work this out and work out
what you need and and let's let's just
talk this through and and I'm just gonna
be listening err I don't want but there
are times in everyone's life when you
need that sassy bitchy friend who's just
gonna sit you down and be like him
off me he's a dick if you have a crush
that you literally can't shake but you
know it will never happen this this will
rid you of it it's strong it's rude it's
like pouring bleach in your heart and
sometimes you need to pour bleach in
your heart my favorite part it's like so
you've learned all these things about
your situation nice okay now here's a
little workbook for you I'm asks ask use
to color in this flag with a bright red
crayon
and it's like there you go a red flash
now you have what if I told you say so
yeah it's not and again it's like not
very like work when it comes to like
saying that because a guy doesn't wanna
have sex with you then you should just
he doesn't fancy you because also
there's like ace people exist people are
complex people have different tempos so
it's very it's to be taken with a pinch
of salt by appreciate the energy and the
attitude in it and it really did help me
in a time a time of need a time of need
here's another self-help book that is
just a book on its own but should be a
shelf in a bookshop because I can't
believe her oh not more books like this
but this is the Invisible Woman by Helen
Walmsley Johnson I was actually Helen
Walmsley Johnson's publicist for this
book when it came out I read it in
manuscript form and I bloody loved it I
couldn't wait to work on it
frustratingly again because of shelving
marks this is under lifestyle and
society but when I actually wet
to physical bookshops much to my rage I
often found it in the illness section
because aging is an illness it should
really be in the feminist literature
section in my opinion it is hello Monza
Johnson writes that column used to write
a column for the Guardian called the
vintage years Helen wrote this book when
she was nearing 60 and she talks about
this the fest realization of the young
body in the world and what not wanting
to adopt all of the stereotypical
fashions and eccentricities and
attitudes as she aged it's a book about
being a timeless woman as we all are in
reality and it's a book about not having
to act your age and it's generally just
a lot of really lovable funny anecdotes
from her life I am not yet thirsty and I
read this and I loved it it made me look
forward to the future and not be scared
to age and so I think it's just a funny
feminist memoir for anyone and but if
you do have somebody in your life that
is struggling with their age or worrying
about aging or bored with society's
expectations of their age and I would
really recommend this as does grams net
and Mary beard I don't really know what
else I need to say tidying I am somebody
who has talked and shown on this channel
how I chuck things out and how I like to
believe in chucking stuff out and not
owning that much if only I didn't
accumulate things that's such a silly
rate as well we might be more minimalist
in general in our lives might we Lena
but I forgive myself
swings and it's roundabouts and it's in
and it's out and it's shaky all about
and it's doing the Hokey Pokey and you
turn around your stuff is still there
how so sometimes I turn to Tai Chi in
books okay okay the first time I ever
picked up was of course the magic of
tidying and her wittingly named konmari
method this book has sold millions and
millions of copies
it was a huge publishing in sensation
and because it helped the publishing
industry I thank it and but it hasn't
been helpful for a lot of people I've
known and I know I read it and very fast
and got sucked into it and then chucked
out as my close but like in retrospect I
completely understand why people find it
to airy-fairy
and the translation makes confusing and
she can often be like quite a
traditional and woman and she thinks
handbag talks to her and like but but
for me this was this book is was didn't
actually start me on the journey to
getting rid of stuff and seeing my stuff
was pointless it made me feel like for a
few hours I was sat at a bus shelter
with a very kind old woman who just with
her stories dragged me into this world
and I was completely enveloped by it and
I was hanging on her every word because
choosing an incredible storyteller and
was saying exactly what I wanted her to
say and was promising me the world at
the end of the exchange she asked me for
my cow and I was like yeah have it and
she gave me some magic beans and I
walked away and then I came out of the
bus shower and I realized some kind of
massive trip and sometimes the world is
confusing as a soggy bus shower and a
warm voice telling you it'll all be okay
is all you need and that's what this was
for me but it is not in my list because
it is also if you read it kind of I mean
she talks to her handbag so here's the
alternative this is the one I actually
do buy for people to recommend to them
good buy things on a minimalist living
this is a really smart simple
straightforward logical book all about
minimalist living and tidying up and it
also gives you a good sociological
grounding in the idea of things
especially in Japanese culture with the
Japanese tsunami it touches on that and
how people's idea of things shifted
after that and things things would just
never be the same it talks about
information overload and the sharing
economy and the psychology about why you
might want new things and it just gives
you really practical steps to stop doing
that and it there is a little bit of
apartment porn in it right at the
beginning where it's just people
literally sitting on their wooden floor
with a camping mattress but I mean
everything in moderation guys they're
very much about finding your own
minimalism and your own way of doing it
and being more outside of your flat and
treating the world like it's your home a
little bit rather than being so obsessed
with making your little bit of the world
feel really like the best bit like hmm
it's like I think this is a solid broad
thinking and practical look at mineral
ISM and I I recommend it highly
next it's people like an artist will
always have a place in my heart this is
the shortest book on the list and it's
full of pick
yeah it's all about how being creative
is not about starting with a blank page
and getting inspiration from people and
and it just injects some like creative
energy into you that's so refreshing
when you need a jumpstart and my
favorite part of it is this talk about
good theft and bad theft so good best
honors the original work but def
degrades it good theft studies the
original work bad thefts Kimsey and
credit and plagiarism the importance of
side hustles logging what you do taking
care of yourself while you do it and
it's such a little great Sparky guide to
getting ideas for creative projects and
then getting them off the ground big
magic by Elizabeth Gilbert I have a
physical copy of this book but I
actually listen to it an audio and I
think audio is the place that it makes
the most sense
mainly because like it's so much more
like a really long series of lectures
and from elizabeth gilbert and her
personal story with the creativity and I
always Andy she's a such a brilliant
reader that and I just feel like all of
her words in the page can sometimes read
very American and very like you just
don't quite grasp what she's trying to
say in the audiobook it feels a lot more
fluid and coherent and like a big bloody
hot chocolate hug of of intelligence and
energy and creativity some of my friends
found this like profoundly unhelpful but
personally it's one of my favorite books
of all time and it's what made me start
my book so mom and Elizabeth Gilbert as
another man's poison and but I I think
she is a bloody brilliant and I owe her
a lot so
to people who don't eyes but I mean I
mean like respectful because you can not
like it but I mean like I do so were you
know right this is the best title for a
book ever I went on a lot about this
book like the year before last I think
and the life-changing magic of not
giving a how to sort spending time
you don't have doing things you don't
want to do with people you don't like
ain't that the truth there and I this is
a hilarious pep talk on how you're not
going to be able to do all the things in
your life
and how to cut down on doing other
things you don't really need to do your
brain annual anxiety about people not
liking you
is telling you falsities falsities
there's lots of like tables to interact
with this book and all I interacted with
this book let's read out some surprise
extract my little show you my list that
I filled out maybe like two or three
years ago okay let's see things on I may
or may not give a about and had to
make two lists don't give a obscure
political podcasts the sunday times
people with disproportionate adda static
attachment to me Barry folds heat
protection spray my teeth home cooking
growing subscribers Google parties
networking Amy Poehler Amy Schumer how
much money I spend on audible watching
epic famous films fixing the food
blender perfume Skype do give a
writing that book not being able to
close my drawers disposable contact
lenses actually getting exercise re
watching films getting better at video
editing mum and dad gin mastering the
art of false eyelashes so that's enough
of a look into my psyche there are some
genuine tricks and tips that I use in
this books about how to say no to people
and I'm not even a list here because
then you know when I say no to you all
the tricks I'm playing on you I've read
this twice it's a it's a god
it's a god it's a god damn godsend and
and I love it very much thank you Sarah
Knight again this one I bought because
they're a TED talk the defining decade
by Meg Kay why your twenties matter and
how to make the most of them now and
unnecessary garish cover but what can I
say sometimes you got to play the game
of the genre
it's basically a affirming and not scary
or they're a little bit intimidating but
not scary in the end very reassuring
chat back to the attitude that like your
20s is just applying having fun man you
don't need to worry about who you're
dating or where you're going on blah
blah blah and like the woman's like no I
need to save you from yourself in
matters who you date and how you treat
yourself in your 20s it matters the
choices you make it matters what you
spend your time on I'm just gonna read
the chapters so you can scared
it talks about picking your family
walking into cohabiting situations you
don't really want weak ties identity
capital calming yourself down and
looking forward to the beginning of
everything which is apparently a varies
below meeting a nose and then lastly
because another thing I don't like is
people thinking that self-help genre is
about you and it's making you
self-centered I think it's actually
eliminating and alleviating those
worries that make you self-centered so
that you can look out to the world
because of various kinds of trauma or
worry or it's not it's making you a
better citizen and making you think
about other people and so this is how to
be a craft of astera Corbitt I
interviewed her on my podcast so I'm
going to link that below if you want to
hear more about it because my battery is
about to run out but it's about the art
of gentle protest and how to look around
you and see the small things you can do
for people and not having to be an
extrovert and change the world and all
the different intricate ways that
helping other people is the best thing
you can do for yourself creating
catalysts for change without owning them
and taking credit for everything in it
and just understanding people in power
and empathizing with them and trying to
really understand where they're coming
from and yeah I think it's very very
positive book doesn't always get shelved
in the self-help section but I think
that is one of the sections it could sit
in because that's what it felt like to
me it felt that helpful and that
practical anyway thank you so much for
watching and tell me your favorite
self-help books in the comments below
I'm always looking for more good ones
frogs knockout I can't focus someone
needs to get them misdiagnosed just all
my socket I see no way of us
