if the universe was playdough
I'd stretch its nose ping it back to
make it curl its toes
I'd pull the rules like cheese string
and give everyone what they really
wanted this year I'd give my sister more
taste
I'd give my brother more space I'd give
my auntie more time or if not something
to squeeze in between the appointments
like glitter that gives my best friend a
few free in ways of getting fitter I
give my boss a distraction
I'd give America affirmative action well
mm maybe what they really need this some
hope or maybe just a giggle I'd give Amy
a big sister I'd give Tom not more to
say but better ways of saying it
I'll give Suze something well-lit I give
mrs. Ling downstairs something specific
I give Trump something to wink about I'd
give Cameron something to think about
I'd give Hilary something funny thing is
you can't give people more time or more
style or more hope or patience you can't
wrap a scale or a hug or a concept
you're destined to give them something
that I really need something completely
meaningless the empty well that would be
the case if books didn't exist
hello it's me again look at me making
videos on the regular
I think we're getting serious thanks to
penguin platform for sponsoring at this
video
me and my old time buddy Sanne did a
bookish Christmas gift guide everyone
platformer channel so long ago check
that out you can hear if you subscribe
if you like my videos there's also this
amazing penguin flipper thing it's like
a website but it looks like an app you
can kind of use it like those teenage
flowcharts you get in magazines to find
out what kind of book is best for the
kind of person that you know I selfishly
did it for me and like all this and I
loved it links to flipper and all of the
books that I've been featured in this
video will be below I really enjoyed
working on this video because I get
really out way too people are like
although I can't get a book for somebody
I got them a book last year I'm like do
you think there is only one kind of book
do you not know people who need
something in their life I don't know
like hope or experiences or maybe people
who want to better themselves are those
what the kind of people you know do you
not think those people might need books
and come tell me in the comments below
the book that you really really really
want to the end of the tree this
Christmas
see you in flipside
