and that was my next step since hello
welcome to banging book club
hosted by three very sweaty British
people wise so ah it's disgusting so and
I just know we're chance not wasn't
banging book club and if you don't know
what this is this is a book club I do
with my friends Lucy and Hannah Hannah
and Lucy hi Lucy every month I read a
book about sex together um we don't
really about book about sex together
because that would be fanfic about us or
having sex which it's not what we did
this month we read trumpet by Jackie K
if you want to see the other things
we've read and the podcast I will leave
links below to like literally everything
all of the links you will mend this book
is a book that I chose for book club
because I read it during the university
it follows the death of Joss Moody who
fictional II was a famous trumpet player
it starts when he dies and this isn't a
spoiler to say that when he dies and
there's a post-mortem of him they find
out that he is a man but he does have a
vagina and some boobs correct the best
way of saying it we've been discussing
and trying to be good allies and I think
that might be I think Jeff's moody was a
man with a vagina this is a really
interesting read for us it touches
mainly I think on this on the theme of
privacy and how we report things because
again just doesn't identify himself
explicitly in the book which is really
interesting so pushing and more terms on
him is an interesting minefield that you
can listen to us fuck up in the podcast
probably um also just in terms of like
what the book is about without spoiling
anything after Joss Moody's death the
book basically follows his wife his son
and just other people in yelled and just
died and the more their reaction and the
aftermath of his death that's what the
book is and it's beautifully written or
very poetic it's so immersive lots of
the other books
have been quite factual they've been
science-based and this was a great break
for us or was it a very good move into
other things but this is very accessible
but quite literary and beautiful and
it's it's it's as much about the
characters in the language as it is
about focusing on topics it's also
important to note that as well as
covering lgbtq+ stuff it also touches a
lot of race because Jos moody is mixed
race and Scottish and really proud of
being Scottish I think when you're phony
matter being Scottish comes first things
got it and about heritage family there's
loads low themes my favorite yeah my
favourite Lucy's not finished it but I
would say so far it's my favourite yeah
I'm but I'm a very big though they're
allowed to call me out I didn't finish
it
like you're allowed to be slightly mad
that I could not contribute as much as
possible I think you contribute just
like you came with the questions yes and
I learned so much spoilers read this if
you want to learn about any of the
issues we just talked about race privacy
transgender issues but just read this if
you want to read a beautiful love story
oh gosh oh my god if you like poetry
this will I was gonna say this will
jiggle your tears oh yeah noise noise
noise Rihanna mine was there we go done
should you need more information the
link to the podcast where we talk about
it for an hour is below although I think
we did a pretty LDR um if you make
videos Hanna will happen to the bankbook
playlist all use noises banging but Serb
oh and we did a summer in the city spot
on the main stage thank you all for
supporting us I like laughing through
all of our embarrassing dancing we like
to let you know that
aubergine made it to Ireland yeah I have
we are not open to the audience and it
went to Ireland thank you for watching
as always and next month we are redoing
Middlesex by Jeffrey surname Barry you
Jenna DS Jeffrey Jem DS oh if you want a
banging book club bookmark oh yeah hold
on I got one here we go Joanna bookmark
with Ober Sheen's and vaginas on it
dere there aluminum messaging what's up
yeah we do we've got some fan booklet
bookmarks on sale and the link to the
store is an inscription I'm ready to get
public with the fact that we're gonna do
it next year
yeah I mean fan club is gonna continue
2017 official yeah in case you were
wondering if we're gonna continue this
then yeah it's nice yeah and hopefully
we're not going to sell it Chris
hopefully with positive great changes
and good things in store surprises well
I hope there's more surprises if we're
the bank is the other match let's go
okay bye bye
