when we really see each other we want to
help each other
being on the boat we see so many
beautiful views and a weird views things
we never expected to see there's a cow
in the river there's a cow in the river
boats always tucked away somewhere like
you'll have to walk through this private
area and under a tunnel and across this
warehouse type place and then there's
you know big long beautiful green path
that takes her out to where the boats
are near Bristol there was this motorway
that you had to turn off the motorway
and go down this hill and that would
lead you round eventually to where the
boats were we even once moored on the
other side of a hedge and we had to just
climb through to get to Georgia and I
have made it through the whole of the
Kennett and avon canal now over a
hundred locks this was us when we got to
hanim lock which is the very last one
there's hardly any space to moor and
there was a boat of like a wedding pie
that had some moron elbow to get
everyone across so I'm just sitting
having my lunch watching this parade of
people go past my window first luck I
ever went through his Camden lock in
London which is a busy lock because it's
full of tourists and lots of people so
it was a high-pressure environment but
we're pretty used to it now we've got
the with the neck down ah this view
there was a family and kids walking past
the towpath right I mean it go and I
heard the Mungo I spy with my little eye
a bicycle it's not a game where'd you go
from there you're done on yeah that was
the last ice cream we had in the warm
weather we're now firmly in boat winter
now so the fires are going we're
lighting whatever we can find in order
to make ourselves warm and a new Verity
and we have these loose leaf tea buds
that bloom in the hot water
hi Joe it's Alec Joe is the woman who's
gonna be sitting on our boat for the
winter and taking care of it for us
yesterday the water pump decided that it
was gonna leak and so Georgia is hard at
work in the little cupboards have time
uploads and then I made sure in these
clips I like fully down and like really
secure uh-huh and now it good job squish
Georgia is on it with all the remaining
house chores that we have to do before
we leave from fixing the water pump to
cleaning out all of the water underneath
the engine where we were in salt furred
this girl moored up in front of me
stripped down to her underwear jumped
off into the river and just swam around
for a bit and then got back on I had my
door open so she like waved at me and
then just say what off and I never saw
her again but I was convinced that we
had more next to her boat a few weeks
later oh my god that's the girl
that's the girls her boat this is the
boat and that is not a call go swimming
around independently is it she was in a
boat like that swimming and then left
again and what do you think half and
then I think that you yeah this fantasy
about this magical mermaid lady it's a
movie maybe saw a movie about that every
Monday morning we go for Monday pancakes
our friend Lewis place see this frost
wait six days till summer our train is
delayed by two minutes not as bad as the
one below though which was supposed to
get him 40 minutes ago it is believed by
that hour here we go
it was Halloween when we went to Lewis
so we had Halloween themed playing and
then he was kind enough to let me do my
laundry at the Uni building where he
lives we played some games and hung out
is the last time I was I'm gonna see any
of these guys before we go to Australia
I had pizza with my dad a couple days
later and Georgia hung out on the
towpath with Joe helping her get used to
the boat her darling but lovey we're
going to Bristol to visit our friend
Scarlett to celebrate our last night
here before we head off for a long trip
our delayed do you think the train to
Bristol is gonna be tell me and the
world
and us in the future when we watch this
back to reminisce about our lives 1 1
minute delay
the unboxing video for my new shoes we
did it
quickest unboxing video every to be a
proper unboxing video I have to spend a
few minutes before I can open it going
this is the new vibrancy bt hemp and
this is the black model of course as you
know they do three different models I've
bought the EU 40 size which is the
smallest size in a men's shop the women
sure they do smaller sizes and then did
they just matter on that made
for five minutes
 so I open the box straight after
dinner Scarlett is going to a party the
theme is anything but clothes Scala is a
backpack she's her own good thank you
for compensating and he told me by
standing the appropriate amount actually
no it's like you're not that much taller
well now you are but it's not like brain
that's great rest of one he's delayed
yeah 24 minutes
those two trains are delayed 25 minutes
and 10 minutes and the next two after
that I just buses so so it's a pretty
good day for great wrestling snail way
tonight in the summer she will rest now
for several months
