ah I'm in Los Angeles California the
Sunshine State you've probably never
been they don't let you in if you're not
rich enough this is my pool I haven't
been up to much well up in here just
lazing around counting my money but I
did explore an American supermarket with
my friend Liam we are here exploring
Walmart hello can we talk about house
the first cheese we've seen in America
that hasn't come in liquid form
ham and cheese slices that is a fight
now is the laziest product I've ever
seen subscribe is a loaf as well I
haven't she's loaf there's nothing
appealing for this is try for tonight
and enjoy something extraordinary how
niche do you like your coca-cola I like
it with Bozzio sugar and vanilla
flavored so all the things it's coke all
the things you seemed you know where the
ice section is the ice section yeah
microwavable pizzas come with side
dishes cookies oh so good and boneless
wines I find it so weird how lube is
just a regular word in America that
means like fixing cars in the UK it
doesn't mean that free exclusively means
things that only yes thank you Lou hey
Alex I need to take a note of all this
weird stuff we found in the shop do you
have a book I do oh what's that oh my
goodness this is like the outdoorsy
section so they have torches and like
backpacks and fishing bait and rifles I
like tea as much as any British guy but
I find it less appealing when it's in a
petrol can petrol how would you describe
it that's just a bottle in in England
that's that's what you keep some so you
put your gasoline or petrol in in tea
containers no you put your tea you could
just shop exclusively at Walmart and you
would just have everything you ever need
to live yeah to the point that I sort of
live here they have like furniture I
sort of don't understand why any other
shops exist apart from they should just
have one Walmart in every town that's
what they want
what are you doing Alex I'm having my
blood pressure tested because that's the
thing you can do it starting to hurt it
says warning this machine may bruise you
and you may faint
while using it 75 beats per minute is
pulse is that good I think average what
have you learned
just that Walmart is amazing it might
just be my pension for weird like I hear
or headgear but you can buy eye patches
and I really want one you can get your
haircut I have an opticians there is
even a pharmacy in case you get sick
this place is 24 hours so you could just
good you could live in Walmart so we are
back here yup and the cereal aisle is
above somewhere in here that's the size
a Walmart I want to play a board game I
don't know what to play but um I like
the idea of Buzz Lightyear operation
why what is that even exist it's a silly
still game skille I had a very enjoyable
Walmart experience so did Liam
