one thousand things are screaming in my
head and I can't seem to forget can't
stop thinking about you I can ride
across the sky and advices your fuzzy
you teach me how to run I can taught me
how to feel I've not a single day goes
by I would like to wish for you to watch
me cause fun was staring off far away
but I'll play everyone background well
to try and find it
if I know I'll never be your leader I'll
keep holdin on 103,000 ghosts of often
in my dream my eyes are failing me
everywhere I look I see I could bake a
chocolate cake for you it turns up to
show me how it's done like you showed me
how to fall in love you'll never see
that I'm the one who never left you when
you needed me to cry too cuz your heart
got burned again
so play until the strings are
I can talk about now be a king from the
pain of
Bingle if I know I'll never be on me
keep holding on
finally never be olya I'll keep holding
on ah that video it was edited by the
amazingly lovely Charlie so called like
who is my friend so if you haven't heard
of him you should check him out is
really good in making videos I'll link
to in the sidebar it also featured the
lovely hexa called or Tom Milsom who is
my producer of the album he was on
harmony vocals and glockenspiel I will
link to him as well yeah also I've got a
special offer because you watched this
far and that makes you really cool and I
like you if you buy anything off dftba
in the next 48 hours including my CD
which has that song on it then you will
get 10% off if you put in the promo code
hot for nerimon cuz Alan said I was
allowed to choose any promo code I
wanted so I chose that one so if you
type in hot for nerimon on dftba go
comment anything you buy in the next two
days then you get 10% off yay thanks for
watching bye
