you can't connect the dots looking
forward you can only connect them
looking backwards so you have to trust
that the dots will somehow connect in
your future we are flying to Australia
November till March so for months we
have some people that we need to see
before we leave yeah and then one day
given the Tonga by yes but you know I
said she went on hunger strike like I
did you see anything but for like three
days
she went back to the doctor it was like
he hasn't eaten anything I don't mind
it's just that I asked the toast that
you gave me yesterday I'm saying yes
this is yeah just - I mean that's on the
lighter side yeah religious whether
wonderful day together yesterday anyway
that's nature no I already knew that
because I'm a psychologist
yeah even though I just don't
in psychology which means nothing you're
such an old and then I apply for on the
Gamecube the important thing to take
away from it I think is that while are
we G lost but we both be in the Lassen
we need to know humans a victory for you
if I you 100 I can tell that like
you brought up by one always you try to
have that high I mean waluigi was a
no cows what happened of it
you won it's fine that you are your
 okay
yeah keep my moment to shine yeah I
think my win was a battle win then your
win the war in the iron
I'm crazy like my I just mean that my
room was based on the skill to four to
to set for my friend Sarah works in
London place called zipper blah you pay
for the time that you're there and then
you can do what everyone so they have a
self-serve kitchen board games and books
and lots of things and they're shutting
down because they make no money I was
invited to what I was told would be a
sleepover midnight pajama party lock in
a zipper Blair but turned out to be a
fairly rowdy party like a legit high
with noise and other people and music
and talking and I was ready for such a
low-energy
event but I just kind of sat in a chair
and watched it all happen to me but I
did enjoy hear this one thing that Sarah
came up with this is Sarah Sarah
invented this game each person has a
wooden spoon in each hand on one of the
wooden spoons they have a lemon and with
the other spoon they're trying to knock
the lemon off the other person's spoon
it's called lemon Japs thing last night
I spent some time with my friend Dora
and he has family who owned a flat that
they're trying to sell in Northland and
it's gorgeous two floors I had a bath
this morning
my favorite part up here
look at this view
what a perfect way to start the day did
you just blog Hey just talk to camera
about your life oh my god okay ographers
thanks I just had to vlog whatever that
may mean but I will try my best I am a
working mum
I look after Alex I'm trying to find a
niche for myself at the moment today we
are going to visit from on which is what
I call my mommy it was an episode of
Sabrina the Teenage Witch not the trendy
new Netflix one the old campy
Nickelodeon one plan in an American
accent is pronounced flan I heard that
word and assumed that in English it was
pronounced floor metaphor like fawn yeah
like if you fawn over somebody it's that
with an Ellen she was trying to lose
weight and she would grab like
underneath her arm that wiggle it about
and I said it it was like a flan about
so just that cool enough lon which
sounds really mean but it was it was
meant affectionately and then it just
stuck side now cool phone and always so
call have been in school you couldn't
sway if someone did something stupid
you'd be like a mug or we take like well
bean and I say again they haven't be
friends I just called my mum have been
this is our last week before we go to
Australia which means we're not gonna be
here for Christmas because we're away
for until March how late do you think
the trains gonna be
let's take bets this is just it's just
bragging rights
this is bragging right eight minutes
eight minutes Eric and four minutes miss
Marilyn for you it's so typically you've
got the advantage
I think you for their violence the
strain should be on time I gave him way
too much credit that means we might miss
our connection Georgia just started
insisting that I owed her two pounds I
had to pay her back the footage that we
got of me saying that this was not that
we were just doing a fraggin right yet
you still default two pounds you just
don't know how to bet I'll give you one
pound
there was no half an hour late and the
bloody trains delay Furbys come on then
and you get yes I know I was supposed to
book a table and I thought I probably
wouldn't angel ja ah thank you
no even raps eeveelution even rougher
why haven't you wrapped it because when
I asked you back we just roll your eyes
and make right
great you this you have to open it at
Christmas it's not for now obviously yet
because it's a card from me right now
just thinking about it thinking that
I've been really lonely just saying the
flower me I'd open the card since I love
and the newest came first in Madrid
five-time world champion always proud to
support family good fit so no champion
she's very proud of him hey guys my
blurry mother okay thank you very much
but
