your home is that thing to which you can
dedicate your energies with such
singular devotion that the ultimate
results become inconsequential we
planned everything so well that morning
we woke up at 4:30 we packed everything
the night before so we had about half an
hour after we woke up to go out and get
the bus a bus to Bristol Airport it
takes about an hour and my alarm went
off and the moment my alarm went off I
instantly had a thought and endo with
Georgia and I said do you remember the
bus only takes cash and we both let out
of bed immediately and started
frantically hunting the boat for pound
coins looking down the backs of cushions
putting furniture out of the way we
found about five pounds which is pretty
good but not enough to get to an airport
luckily I found out they have a way
online where you can book a ticket and I
booked a student ticket and my student
card looks shady as all hell so they
send you two cards international student
identity card you can see that this one
is valid until the 4th of July 2018 they
also send you an NUS extra card which is
valid until the 4th of July 2020 yeah
yeah they both printed them not only on
the same card but one is upside down
when you do it that way I have a student
card where the back expires two years
before the front
we flew with Ryanair I don't know if
you've ever flown with Ryanair but
there's nothing they won't charge you
extra for you have to pay to sit with
the other person you booked the flight
where if you want to choose where you're
actually sitting you have to pay three
to ten pounds depending on how close to
the front of the plane you are you have
to pay to check in on the fly if you
queue up at the airport and you get to
the front of the queue they say cool
good to know that you're here that's
fifty five pounds please we got toast
and we added peanut butter and banana as
toppings and this is how it arrived like
what's the minimum we can do to serve
you what you've asked for without
putting any effort in all right I'll
spread the peanut butter and add the
banana or myself at least you sliced it
last for a chai latte as well woman
behind the counter so I went can have a
chai latte as well please not and there
were a few seconds there where she just
didn't say anything and I thought why
not what have I done wrong how do I get
one how do I fix this and after those
agonizing seconds passed she went we
don't have now what is that don't look
at fire if you see a fire outside
I mean yeah I'm never leaving a plane
when I'm not told to it's so intense and
they give you no warning isn't any
wonder that people are terrified of
flying when you get on a plane and they
go okay have your attention please just
a few things to be story about one
number one seat belts you know seat
belts you know just lift it up plug it
in unpack it like that number two here's
what to do if the plane runs out of air
whoa you're familiar with those plastic
masks that you see in hospital in a war
film they gonna pop down on your face
now if you've got a child with you you
know good to them dead are you so just
put that on your face while you watch
them slowly suffocate but before they
die just secure it to your own face and
then you can put it on there all right
season's gonna be through with some hot
refreshments in a little while and enjoy
your flight
hey like we're on seat belts a minute
ago children I will eventually be
landing in Canada but before we get to
Canada we have a one-day stopover in
Dublin where we are hanging out with
Danny and Maureen it was shitting it
down with rain when we got there the
idea was we would just go to a cafe and
have a catcher
I was so drenched by the time I got to
the cafe that I had to do this to dry
myself off we went to this little place
called cornucopia which seems really
lovely and peaceful they have all the
stuff on their menu about like enjoying
the atmosphere and no Wi-Fi and then at
the bottom share your meal on Instagram
and that's where I have my ketchup with
Danny he was telling me his worries of
setting up a bank account recently and
how they he was on the phone to them and
they said cool we've sent off the
confirmation email so it should reach
you we say within a few hours but it
might take up to two days any case it's
an email you said right there in yeah
yeah so it should take up to a couple of
days the only way that that will take up
to two days is if you're sending it by a
carrier pigeon and the pigeons name is
email so Maureen is a local and she
wanted to take us around the city of
Dublin and the first thing we did was go
to this statue of a woman called Molly
Malone what's this woman called Bugsy
Malone anyone was surprised that I
hadn't heard of her the song the song
it's called Molly Malone is it like the
Queen you'll see how her boobs are kind
of shinier or you know more worn than
the rest of the statue currently is good
luck to rub the statues breasts who came
up without that sounds like an excuse to
me sounds like someone was caught
robbing the boobs anyway it's good luck
good luck if we all agree that we know
that if any one of these people doesn't
know that and hasn't heard it then I'm
afraid never been to iron before
restraint being there because it was
similar enough to England to be familiar
but little bits were different but they
had a Primark but it wasn't called prime
cock except on the labels and things it
would say Primark
pennies we are who we are no you're
Primark
and we spend quite a lot of time talking
about the Irish alphabet I have a letter
the letter said the only Irish word that
uses that letter is the word zu they
have a letter which is only used in the
word zu if you just changed zu to like
an S you could get rid of Zed and they
wouldn't feel it it looks a bit like a
hope this isn't offensive right I'm
probably not gonna put this in but it
looks a bit like a cross between Gandhi
and Hitler when we were on the plane to
Dublin Georgia started telling me about
various Irish means made into a slave at
some point along the way religion saved
him they came back to Ireland going of
all the snakes
that's why this mistakes in Ireland I
have many questions that's why there's
no snakes in Ireland I was gonna ask
imagine if I tell you a story about
going and then we got rid of all the
Kangaroos since that's why in London
there aren't any kangaroo
loads of places don't have snake Georgia
was telling me these stories from memory
and her memory was a bit hazy so I
wanted to check them with Maureen who
seemed more entrenched in Irish culture
what about the other places where there
are snakes in the ecosystem it might be
where we have some many squirrels a
story about dog and a man who became the
Dom let me try and recount it esdras
oldest man basically a guy got into a
fight with a dog is that fair yeah so
there was there was a guy who happened
upon a dog that was guarding someone a
man ended up killing the dog
accidentally while throwing in my head
it's a baseball if that was so bad
because the dog was guarding this other
guy that he agreed to guard the guy
forever so essentially he became the dog
it was like oh yeah killed your guard
dog I'll just be your uncle can infer of
his life he just guarded this man how is
that not too far a fact that should be
far off
that's a ridiculous story I just told
you shouldn't be anywhere close to right
was this fellow called Santa he was
being brought to one of the king was
feasts and it was came in : and him and
his uncle were late and on the way into
the feast the guard dog attacked hi I'm
Jerry my old costume hockey and baseball
it's like hockey in the air yeah the
ball is really like a big ball yeah yeah
yeah you throw too much rather it's like
baseball or hockey or - that's so sick
he fired the shitter at the dog and went
straight down its throat and killed it
and the king came out I went with my dog
how could you and he said you should
have sailed me in time - agreed to take
the dogs place I was his bodyguard
basically and it was really good going
on it he got named basic - : yeah the
hound I'll call them apparently he was
so skilled that he could throw the
javelin and run fast enough to catch it
before it landed
it's true kittens yeah there was a bloke
who is really strong I'm picturing the
rock I don't know what he looks like in
your head everyone's like high-strung
any any you know goes and helps people
out with their whenever they need strong
stuff to be done this woman comes on a
horse and says forget all that come with
me right now you've never met and I'll
take you to the island of eternal youth
and we'll just be together forever and
you'll never age and he goes yes son
they ride off together amazingly she is
not lying Georgia said that he comes
back from the island it's only because
he's dad's dying but which suggests that
he's only there like a couple of decades
but you said he is there 300 years or
something right yeah and he doesn't come
back his dad's dying he just comes back
because he misses not being immortal
yeah sure she says all right you can go
visit but as soon as you leave this
light land you be mortal again and all
you're like all of the age you would
have done will I catch up with you soon
isn't he just like parish so you have to
stay on this magic horse and then you
won't touch the land because there's a
moment you touch the land it's like
you're breaking the connection with the
holy place of as he's going back to his
dad some people were trying to move a
rock and they go oh mate it's that it's
the rock he's plated he's a legend mate
he can help us without a big stone
really moving come on mate try to help
us and he goes alright I'm a bit busy
actually everywhere I read that and then
I could actually can you open so really
good when he goes all right I can never
resist a rock so they the horse parked
up and he is trying to like lean over to
move the boulder with his my hands
without falling off the horse and they
does fall off the horse
and he just dies and that's the end of
the story and I was like what happened
to his dad he was just really attractive
and strong and a really good singer and
she comes to kind of visit the museum
owner is weird day they had that they
they decided they were going to move
this big rock I don't know why suddenly
everyone else pet projects yes yeah
suddenly this strongest man on earth
reappears after 300 years on a lake
which I imagine he's like glowing or
ever tries to help them move it without
getting off the hole which seems odd and
then collapses and just becomes dust
you've still got your rock to deal with
those fucks up what did you do today
what are you saying why is the salmon of
knowledge came in at the airport and
there was a big post that I all it said
was salmon of knowledge this man who
spends his entire life fishing to try to
catch what is just the salmon of
knowledge and it's housing what have you
heard about it it's a fish of legend
where if you eat if you will gain all of
the knowledge of the world you will
doesn't know everything just sort out
the tree of knowledge in the Garden of
Eden yeah but it's a fish it might be in
a specific river of no idea how we
narrowed it down but he's meant it's not
relevant very good is Ben's the better
part of his life fishing to tried to
find the sound of knowledge when he
finally catches it I don't know he
recognizes when he finally catches the
salmon of knowledge he gets his
apprentice to cook it for him and his
apprentice has a little kind of slow
internet joke to relax if you spent your
whole life
alright if this the next bit of stories
The Apprentice fucked up I'm gonna be
really wound up carry on I just got the
intern to fucking music alright as his
apprentice is cooking it he burns his
tom on the scalding hot fish and sucker
song because it hurts okay James all of
the knowledge from that producers to be
just a fish she's consumed along
yeah Givi so scared over yeah and now
the fish is just in uh it's just a
salmon fish is just a fish and he just
has almond on the knowledge in the world
to his credit the fella that he's an
apprentice for busy went all right well
fair enough I guess go teach people
things go make good use of your
knowledge thus very humble of him what
like so he just saw my whole life was a
waste of time dedicated to all right
yeah but that's only part one there's no
part two to the salmon of knowledge he
did is he gets his salmon he's gonna
praise our life I'm getting you all the
knowledge oh no I'm not
ah then the credits roll well thanks for
that mate
is recording
it looks yummy
France regardless handsome
let's find out
let's go this is Georgia in the car his
saris driving the car look at the road
Helena was very different from Ireland
Sarah was trying to explain to us have
you ever had a small I said no issue in
arcade you had a graham-cracker I don't
know what those things are okay you know
what a Golden Bear is what are you
talking about I met Sarah three years
ago she messaged me on Facebook saying
that she was going traveling around
Europe and I said that sounds really fun
I would love to do something like that
and she was like well you can come if
you want I'm just going away I kind of
figured she didn't really mean that
because she didn't really know me and
she'd planned this whole trip on her own
and didn't want to crash the party she
figured that I didn't really mean it
because why would I just go on a random
trip for two months and after several
months of mutual reassurance we realized
we both were genuine and so we traveled
around Europe together in the summer of
2015 we are in Cardiff right now we are
at a Science Museum here in Lisbon I'm
about to go paragliding
I've never been to return the favour to
go to where she lives so I thought it
was about time she lives in this
beautiful part of Canada called
Vancouver Island in this town called
Victoria on the first day we were there
she took us to this beach it's autumn
right so it's beautiful orange leaves
and we found these purple shells and
we're just like walking around enjoying
the beauty of the scenery and then I
found out they had a treetop adventure
climbing place because what's better
than just looking at the trees ziplining
through them so they had four courses
and the first three were all pretty much
the same level Ella harnessed in and you
climb through all these different
obstacles and then the fourth one was
like a extreme course neither sorrow nor
Georgia wanted to attempt that one so I
sadly did it alone with them various
Tara took the camera and she has various
shots where she just narrates being
worried for me that's horrifying
we had to go shopping because we were
mainly cooking from home at Sarah's and
I found these right and I object to the
fact that Disney are selling meat fun
for kids cuz you know I'm vegan and so I
object to that but actually what I
object you more is the fact that you're
putting frozen merchandise on food that
isn't frozen make a ready meal or
something don't put it on a can alright
we're trying to introduce Sarah to some
cool recipes that we make at home so
Georgia made her tofu scramble and I
made we found this purple cauliflower
and I made cauliflower mash and mix it
with coconut milk and doesn't it look
like paint it was so weird but it was
like super yummy we're staying at Sara's
grandma's house and I really loved that
she had a photo of her cat in the frame
like usually take a photo to like
capture a memory it was the picture
you'd put on a missing cat poster and
she had it framed then we went to
downtown Victoria it was this beautiful
alley with movies looking like hanging
lanterns and lights we ate Chinese food
and this vegetarian buffet place which
is really cool we played so Danny and I
are developing a version of our card
game so Pio which is called so Pio
legacy so we needed to play test hits
there we spent quite a lot of the trip
just playing so Pio misdirection which
puts me on 850 as well oh fuck
squish we have to you know I cannot take
two cards from any opponent's points
pile play one and discard the other
we've laid some magic as well you chant
your creature it gets plus 2 plus 2 has
vigilance and can't attack or block
hello dear alright do I owe this
pleasure just having a break from my
boring studying cool there are a lot of
shots in this video like lovely walks
that we went on because that's a lot of
what we did but there was one time where
Sarah took us through this forest and
feel free to just interject on this as
you as you hear Mira tell it as we
walked into the forest she just casually
went oh by the way there might be
Cougars so if you see one we just have
to stand next to each other and look
really big and then they probably won't
attack us I spent the rest that walk
just like tiptoeing worried I was about
to get pounced on by a predator I don't
wanna be on my own in this cougar forest
great what does a cougar look like
wasn't that the place where she took us
to see where they filmed the x-men it
was like the mansion that is the x-men
mansion when they do excellent movies
when they had this burger they're not in
the forest in this fish-and-chip place
so how does it taste to you then um it
tastes like pork butt in my mouth can
have although yeah
yeah how much we should give it out six
yeah
number four up six five out of six what
a combination
so how long have you been looking for a
vegan softer for years I've been doing
it for years and I always thought
tonight we found a place but it's guys I
had one but then the car yeah but this
place this incredible place yeah it's a
dream come true
really really good
what do we do Sara took us to this rock
mineral place they sell rocks we like
these sparkly blue ones gonna hold it
out get a little victories picture with
you you're the chart Sara's boyfriend
Evan is really into cars he works as a
mechanic he plays this driving simulator
game we spend quite a bit of time just
hanging out with what she calls the boys
yeah this really nice Pancho type thing
on the looked super comfy we're into a
board game cafe in downtown
we ate vegan pizzas together and we went
for a walk on the beach oh and it was
raining when we came out of the ball
game campaign so he was trying to slide
along the pavement where did you a
surprise I sliced it up and made some
for the boys and me and it was like it
was not great and he drove us to there
was this place that had like a TARDIS
that I'd constructed in their front lawn
Sara Sara ran and touched it like a
naughty schoolgirl not the first artist
that she's touched we are in Cardiff
right now and we're just walking around
came upon a set where they are filming
Doctor Who and then actual doctor Peter
Capaldi just walked around and waved us
when they all finished filming and they
drove the cast off all the crew were
just kind of packing stuff up and they
had the TARDIS on the floor or the
ground on the grass on this park and it
was just in bits because they'd
collapsed it ready to like put in a van
like if you bought the TARDIS from Ikea
and Sarah went and did exactly the same
thing that went and touched it and then
ran away a crew didn't care at all I was
like that was London you'd get like
pinned down and probably arrested for
terrorism
so yeah her second TARDIS touch another
thing I found out was when we first told
Sarah we were going to live on a narrow
boat they have a community of houseboats
in Victoria and they look like this I
mean those aren't houseboats those are
boat houses that's what she thought we
were gonna move on to essentially like a
building just on water
which is not what
we went for a walk down this pier and it
was so windy and the water was like
crashing going everywhere and then we
turned around there was a huge cruise
ship that was just coming in there his
mum or Georgia these like earrings that
had been made by a friend of hers out of
recycled car tyre material Oh
bike tyre material sorry putting my
favorite part of the trip though was the
hockey game
so George you used to follow ice hockey
a lot when she was at uni whatever she
said to Sarah can we go to an ice hockey
game like I don't care if it's a local
game like doesn't I don't want to go see
the NHL like just any game and I was you
know going along for the trip because I
thought would be a fun experience but I
didn't think I'd be dying into it Jimmy
you know things he found foraging on the
streets of Canada it was the best thing
we did because in North America they
treat the audience at a sports event
like they're on a DD as soon as anything
happened they would be playing music
competitions like a billionaire would
flash up on this side or spotlight would
come down and they'd be just playing
this random game
since deacons Florida
I love her every time the crowd start
crooning getting restless they're like
one lucky foam is gonna win a free pizza
everybody saying the blue seafood crab
house penalty kill her after the
intermission
a bunch of kids came out and they had
like a kids games well judges the mascot
was not a bear and it was a marmot my
apologies to the people of Canada who
went to the bathroom and at the moment
she left they were like okay it's time
for the tricycle race there were these
like red blue and green tricycles and
these three guys came out and they had
to ride around this obstacle course on
the ring and they were on ice so it was
so terrible
after the tricycle race everyone was
like Oh everyone's got their puck you
have 60 seconds go and then everyone
just start throwing pucks into the
center of the arena and there was like a
target in the center of the thing and if
you've got your puck on the target you
like won a prize I had no idea what was
going on it's like when you're in church
and everyone starts singing a hymn you
know when you're in church you're just
trying to figure out the melody and the
word so as you go along it was it was
like that I loved how the guy in goal
looks like he's a transformer I loved
how they sent someone out in
intermission to clean the rink as they
sent him out there in a big head Barry
he's seven today there was just some
random kid just waving like the Queen on
the back of the machines not like
football where every like 30 minutes ish
they started to shoot one player the
whole team were just like jumping on and
off the court all the time like every 30
seconds they're just piling on and off
he went to the Victoria Roy was game and
it was their home stadium so everyone
there is a supporter of Victoria Royals
when they scored everyone went crazy
the only exception was this guy who was
the only person there supporting the
other team so he had that crank thing he
had a drum they just bought with him and
he would just do that every now and then
at one point right when I walked past
him so that was great thanks Mike they
just pointed the camera at random people
in the crowd and when it's smile cam
which is just like social pressure for
people might be going through a hard
time look happy one point a guy walked
out with a giant credit card and when
everyone wave your loyalty card and will
pick a random winner Sarah got well into
it there's the fish and chips game where
they randomly just pulled something out
the crowd and when you win a $20 gift
certificate for the local fish and chip
place my favorite was the Doritos crunch
of the game it's a solid choice yeah
wasn't it like someone smacked against
the wall it was like yeah someone kind
of foul someone else and they like knock
them into the boards and then they later
got into a fight these two players and
while they were fighting they were just
like replayed him like smashing into the
bores and then they just threw Doritos
into the crowd and the rule of Royals
boards yeah there to unscramble the
letters to spell out we Hart Royals in a
certain time and then if they did that
they won like a gift certificate for the
merch store is a really fun trip
we flew home from Victoria to Vancouver
in this tiny twin propeller engine plane
we watched the Sun Rise over Canada as
we flew home we sat on a layover back in
Dublin bleary-eyed watching the office
and now I got a plan the next trip I
really like jellyfish didn't like a baby
they were just like going in a circle
