it's quarter past eleven I woke up just
after 8 a.m. this morning so I've been
up about three hours grabbed my phone I
thought I just checked my email to kind
of wake myself up and I read this email
this subject of the email is my email
address and then one of my account
passwords and it's a real password I do
know that this is one of your passwords
let me get straight to the point you
don't know me and you are probably
wondering why you are getting this email
I actually placed a malware on the X
vids porn website and you know what you
visited this website to experience fun
when you were watching videos your
internet browser provided me access to
your display and webcam immediately
after that my software program obtained
your complete contacts from your
messenger Facebook and email after that
I created a video first part displays
the video you were watching you've got
fine taste and second part shows the
view of your webcam and it's you first
solution is to ignore this email and I
will set certainly send out your
videotape to every single one of your
contacts just consider regarding the
embarrassment you can get and definitely
if you're in a loving relationship how
will that affect it number two choice
should be to give me $3,000 in such a
case I will most certainly
instantaneously discard your video you
will keep going everyday life like this
never took place and you would never
hear back again from me you'll make the
payment by Bitcoin here is my Bitcoin
address you have one day to make the
payment I have a pixel within this email
and at this moment I know that you have
read this email if I do not get the
Bitcoin I will send your video to all
your contacts including relatives
co-workers etc if I do get paid I will
destroy the video right away this is a
non-negotiable offer and thus do not
waste my personal time and yours by
replying to this email so my first
thought was yes send it to him I mean
like let me give you some blackmailing
tips alright so number one maybe you
should try targeting someone who has
some kind of shame if you have a video
of me wanking on a webcam that's not the
worst thing people have heard about me I
really don't care about that
like imagine how much worse it is for my
friends at least having a good time they
really don't want to see that you know
what you should have done
is you should have emailed my friends
and said pay me $3,000 or I will make
you watch a video Alex day wanking you
would have been a millionaire overnight
all I have to do is just email a bunch
of my mates and go parenting this video
me wanking obviously you don't want to
watch that unless you do in which case
go for it is either your lucky day or
just ignore anonymous videos that you
get of me wanking to porn this email the
the pot the email address that they
emailed it to is an old email address of
mine that I no longer use for anything
and it just happens to be redirected to
my current address the password that
they said I know this is your password
yeah like it was like five or ten years
ago they place the malware on the xvid
spawn site first of all I don't go on
that web site and I don't even think you
can place a malware on a web site and
then you immediately got contacts from
what my messenger Facebook and email
okay the email we've covered it's out of
date there's no context on it anyway and
I don't have a Facebook account
she's like blackmail 101 come on man I
will certainly send out this videotape
to every single one of your contacts and
just consider regarding the
embarrassment you can get I mean people
watch porn
not that embarrassed and also it didn't
happen definitely if you are in a loving
relationship how it eventually affects
it listen me and my girlfriend are in an
open relationship
we literally have sex with other people
like I don't think she's gonna mind
number two choice should be to give me
three three thousand dollars that's it
in such a case I will instantaneously
discard your video yeah so like I'm just
gonna on good faith send you three
thousand dollars worth of Bitcoin and
you're gonna go other deal's a deal
I'm a blackmailer of my word I'm an
honest criminal I'm just gonna delete
the video now and that don't worry don't
hear any more from me like you would
ever do that you will make the payment
but you will make the payment by a
Bitcoin a fucking one here is my Bitcoin
address I googled your Bitcoin address
and check this out you have no money in
your account no money has gone in no
money has gone out so this obviously
isn't working for you oh right at the
end by the way he says if you want proof
I have this video reply saying yes and I
definitely will send your video to your
15 friends I have more than 15 fret dope
don't go with a number if it's the wrong
anyway so I replied and said okay you
want $3,000 I'll double it
I will give you $6,000 if you can email
me this video you apparently have and
you know what so far I've heard nothing
so if you get an email like this don't
worry the worst thing that happens is
people see you wanking and who cares
lesser will be grownups all right
