hello home or away I'm always going to
come back to vlog what I've been up to I
just had a nap knee over 45 minutes that
I was spent slumbering my house mate Joe
said he knocked on my door but all he
could hear from my room was sonorous
stupefied I was out like a light I
keeled over like I was in my belly
corpus and I had also silent so it
doesn't matter but you had finished
baking a cake see if he wasn't so quiet
as a ton of his baking would be enough
to renovate me this guy's engaging with
food tried his body was he man it was
craziest nothing tellegio's fod odours
really cooked all of London appreciative
the crucial things in today is my home
any employer in video to secret was his
hand to my ear and obscure whose mouth
of that I kept it a go included it but
he said it so softly I heard him all
wrong on this world so much fully-auto
this thing was a big deal if I acted
repugnant friendship attack to repair a
pencil Jonah please mister patronum sat
ever nesco am I being too headstrong
linked to Jones head mate but I hear you
say you're finally diffident opening
restaurant don't breathe out and expose
Oh gave me a smile I know he's a little
capacious extremely is alone in the game
and I asked him if he thought we have
what it takes you know that I've always
loved monkey bars edge over the years
I've edited that recipe couldn't cut off
the cash because I'm always in debt
promoter you know photo ops in
like smokey Bob said appoint me to
permanent premises with his support and
my biscuit bap recipe we might achieve
cabassa Texan supremacy yeah not too
busy over all that but wasn't fun
cycling passers been in check para
contar sir said joe nowadays is just
expertly on it's not what i commanders
the judges car might be conveyed in even
more through I'm impervious tearing
elements as a joke you're being
ridiculous
- yeah
dear Babs well they have the launch of
Joe's food I wanted to take of it from
for a minute
Joe had paid all of Jerusalem Locke and
erected a tent set among your Kea open
them over the our bus broke down I've
got their big toe so locomotive all this
Joe was so nervous he was darling if he
and Sonic unit like he might color
quarters the Stan was surrounded by
people I recognize me most of the local
celebs there was Chris Tarrant Allegra
Coleman and salvio hexia the infamous
chef Joe as Patricia says Alison Salvio
there
I knew the pressure would accumulate
salvia ignores you at the wrong piece of
me isn't nd of course was newsstand to
obliviate specialist radio said Joe
announcing a special edition of the
cross which resembled a frisky pub
quality for a law review last con was
more than when she read a song people
serve insulted their money and Joseph
was finally making legitimists I would
have mind to have extra mini our myriad
of people enjoying the meet him there
but hood was next we were really focused
I waited for sigh doesn't anybody
you also get a sensor from next to me
turn to salvia cry she started to eat
the first bite of the food here planted
Alicia's into his liver recovers now he
was starting to chop we patted his back
till the food went motor vehicle because
this one straight Peter Khatami was
lodged in his store we washed it as it
was repelling Bogota was through
churning and I was the only food it
didn't look like I was game salvias
reviews online the next day he called us
kebabs escape ID service not even meet
you those atomic hands over meal he had
written for water bear witness to shisha
price over spice but he knew his food
was anything Azam don't fess to be there
can my friend trying to open him
retainers as hollom let's try and
distract her from running on failing I
said hey so what you gonna do now Joe he
looks at me with despair in his eyes as
if mate I think I'm going on with the
lashing hey some of this rap making fun
though you know I had fun though I gave
it a try I'm gonna come a friend go if
you like this video
hey don't forget to Like and subscribe
yeah
