you know this concept of making things
here in America is going to be good in
some senses and challenging and others
America doesn't have a lot of the
machinery you need to make some of the
goods here but on the other hand you
know prices in China we're getting
expensive anyway so if you want to make
apparel here and some t-shirts thing
that major great a great place to be if
you want to do some food processing if
you want to do plastic molds great place
to make good that but there's gonna be
some areas where you can't make the good
debt and unfortunately it's going to now
of course probably twenty-five or thirty
percent more to the end consumer so
everybody's talking about how amazing
that's going to be but you know when
you're a hard-working family and your
pampers costs instead of six dollars
nine dollars and your bread course you
know more than that and you know your
metal course on it you know it's going
to be challenging
