you should not say anything more to the
police so you know I as a black man in
this country my experiences with the
police are probably different from from
those who are not people of color but I
don't think you are in a position to do
much about it at the end of time I think
you just have to understand that if you
want to get out of the situation with
your life and make sure that nothing
goes wrong at you you just have to be
aware of what what your rights are so
for example regardless of what you look
like there are very few things that you
are required to share with the police if
the police ask you your name and your
address you should give it to them if
you are required to turn over your
identification you should do that but
beyond that you should not say anything
more to the police regarding the
incident regarding why you think you
were stopped or whether or not you think
that you were treated unfairly because
it's probably not going to get you very
far
