Steve Cohen was one of the most famous
hedge fund managers in the world
he started his hedge fund SOC capital in
1992 and very quickly became enormous ly
successful multi-billionaire when you
talk to traders about si si and what the
appeal was of working there because a
lot of people did want to work there the
number one reason people cited usually
was the enormous potential to make a lot
of money really quickly he was in fact
investigated briefly by the SEC in the
1980s and the SEC case kind of fizzled
out but my sense was that he did learn
that it's really important to be very
careful and to stay on the right side of
the line I think he became much more
cautious after that the feds decide
they're going to go after Cohen they
charged one sort of current and then one
former portfolio managers who had worked
directly for Steve I think they had a
lot of hopes that one of those people
would flip and cooperate and testify
against C that did not happen he posed
lawyers went down to meet with Preet
Bharara who's the US attorney in
Manhattan who's leading the case and
they made a big presentation for the
government basically their goal was to
convince the government that they could
not win at trial they would lose it'll
be humiliating and they made this for
our presentation they gave out these
binders everyone in the room and they
essentially said listen you just don't
have any witnesses who will testify
against him you don't have any wiretaps
that show that he knew he was turning
into information you kind of have
nothing you spent years like killing
yourself to get this case and you just
don't have it
so they decided instead that they were
going to charge sa C capital which is
Cohen fund instead of him and extracted
almost two billion dollars in fines from
sa C in total and at the end of the day
Steve Cohen was able to basically go on
with his life as it had been before I
mean the two billion dollars did not
even make a dent in his lifestyle he was
forced to shut SEC capital down but
incredibly he still had ten billion
dollar fortune and he was able to just
manage
that money in a private family office
because the government no matter what
they cannot stop you from trading your
own money so he still had an enormous
amount of money still one of the
wealthiest people in the world you'll be
free to reopen his hedge fund in 2018
based on the terms of his settlement
