the actions that appear to have been
directed by the Russian government and
possibly some effect on the election
outcome well we don't know that we're
all we know is that they did things we
don't know what what a thing is that you
don't know what if that could had but
the is is that something that should be
high on the list of worries even even if
you allow it I would worry high about
what Russia could do in your free
shallower Russia did in Ukraine a non
NATO country what is keeping Vladimir
Putin tomorrow from doing in Estonia or
Latvia Lithuania what he did in Ukraine
answer is nothing one of the things
Putin is done at home is he is
essentially hollowed-out Russian
institutions you can't speak of a
Politburo anymore Khrushchev at the
height of the missile crisis operated
with more constraint and Vladimir Putin
operates with today so that worries me
one of the things I think we ought to do
quickly is get over this idea of
assuming that Russia is going to be
benign and what I'm hoping is that mr.
Trump while he opens dialogue with
Russia I'm all in favor that but I think
we've got a strengthened NATO I would do
more to help Ukraine in terms of
defensive weapons but more than anything
else I would strengthen NATO so we
narrow the gap between our commitments
and our capabilities
