we got to a point not based on a legal
issue but based on a trust issue with
the level of trust between the president
and general Flynn had eroded to the
point where he felt he had to make a
change
we've been reviewing and evaluating this
issue with respect to general Flynn on a
daily basis for a few weeks trying to
ascertain the truth we got to a point
not based on a legal issue well based on
a trust issue with a level of trust
between the president and general Flynn
had eroded to the point where he felt he
had to make a change immediately after
the Department of Justice notified the
White House Council of the situation the
White House Counsel briefed the
president and a small group of the
senior advisors the White House Counsel
reviewed and determined that there is
not an illegal issue but rather a trust
issue the irony of this entire situation
is that the president has been
incredibly tough on Russia it continues
to a raise the issue of Crimea which the
previous administration had loud to be
seized by Russia president Trump has
made it very clear that he expects the
Russian government to deescalate
violence in the Ukraine and return
Crimea
