Kellyanne that makes no sense last month
the Justice Department warned the White
House that general Flynn had misled them
and that as a result he was vulnerable
to blackmail and and at that moment he
still had the complete trust of the
President
I don't know about it I haven't seen it
what report is that
inaugurated without saying
you're saying that was the straw that
broke the camel's back but the White
House knew about that last month when
the Justice Department warned the White
House that mr. Flynn or general Flynn
had not been completely honest in
characterizing that conversation with
the Russian ambassador and they even
went further to say that as a result of
that dishonesty he was at risk for
blackmailing by the Russians well that's
that's one characterization but the fact
is that general flame continued in that
position and was in the presidential
daily briefings was part of the leader
calls as recently as yesterday was there
for the Prime Minister's visit from
Canada yesterday and as time wore on
that obviously the situation to become
unsustainable that makes no sense
last month the Justice Department warned
the White House that general Flynn had
misled them and that as a result he was
vulnerable to blackmail and and at that
moment he still had the complete trust
of the president Matt I'm telling you
what the president has said which is
that he's accepted general Flynn's
resignation and he wishes and well and
that we're moving on there's at least
three candidates very strong candidates
that would be considered for a permanent
position here obviously general Keith
Kellogg is the acting national security
adviser starting today and the president
is moving forward
you
