I think there are a number of
misconceptions about Islam maybe of all
of the misconceptions the greatest is
that there's a set of prescriptions or a
set of doctrines even dogmas that
necessarily incline Muslims to take
specific positions on politics so a good
example would be Sharia or Islamic law
there's an enormous diversity of views
on the part of those 1.6 or 1.7 billion
Muslims about Sharia some hold that it
must be imposed many hold that it need
not a good example would be an
Azerbaijan where only one out of ten
Muslims believe that Sharia should be
imposed whereas in Afghanistan it's nine
out of ten Muslims also disagree about
the fundamentals of Sharia is it about
politics is it about ritual this is
about personal Muslims also disagree
great diversity of views about whether
or not Sharia applies to non-muslims so
the many misconceptions that I think
govern the West especially I think a
certain assumption about fixed Muslim
attitudes towards the law and towards
politics that's perhaps the most
important
