I need to start with the confession Jeff
I own a blackberry I do work at a
Canadian bank that's my job
so that's my justification I also own a
pixel I have one of the seven Amazon
fire phones that was sold in the San
Francisco area and if face book comes
out with a phone I'm sure I'll get that
too but they won't all right planted
Facebook what's up with Facebook what's
next for Facebook last year I pointed
out here that Facebook was bigger than
China and today it's 25% bigger than
China in terms of the total number of
users on the site in terms it's on a
monthly basis on a daily basis it's
almost as big as China and the growth
rates haven't changed at all in a year
which is pretty shocking you don't
normally see that there's something
called a law of large numbers maybe this
is the law of massive numbers but it
hasn't hit the growth rates yet so
they're doing something right the
revenue growth rate we on the street
look at is these are the best
fundamentals in the internet space not
just on top-line 50 to 60 percent
revenue on a twenty five billion revenue
base is extremely rare and especially
the consistency of that growth it's not
a product cycle company it's a secular
growth company the consistency of that
growth is is extremely rare this company
is generating about 2 to 3 billion in
cash flow a quarter which gives them a
lot of options to figure out what to do
in the future can it get any better than
this
probably this is a reversal of slides
that almost everybody puts out where
they show rising online penetration and
what I try to do here is show that
there's still 2/3 of all ad dollars
globally are still offline 2/3 are still
offline that total number is like 400
billion we're 20 years into the
commercialization of the internet and
still 2/3 of ad budgets are offline so
yeah can Facebook sustain that kind of
growth right possibly we also noticed
that there's no slowing down an
advertiser interest in Facebook so we do
the semi-annual surveys with ad age I
think it's the largest survey that's
done of marketers out there and we've
surveyed about 500 Facebook advertisers
and we asked them
jaesik action questions in the next 12
months do you plan to increase maintain
or decrease your spend with Facebook
we're waiting for that crest moment when
advertisers indicate ok we're fine now
we're gonna maintain budgets but we
haven't gotten there yet the most recent
time we ran this 64% of advertisers said
over the next 12 months they expect to
increase their ad spend with Facebook
only 6 percent said they plan to
decrease it until we see that Facebook
that crest moment for Facebook I don't
think the growth is going to slow how
big could the company get there's a
great proxy out there this is company
called Google that accounts for 15% of
all advertising globally Facebook
currently is about a third of that I
actually don't think that Facebook would
be able to catch up to Google in terms
of a percentage of overall ad spend
because they just don't have the
commercial intent that Google has when
people do searches for commercial items
maybe that'll change its that's a huge
hill to climb but still there's the
proxy out there that says there's a lot
more growth here at Facebook and it also
helps if you have a billion users these
are most of the assets I'm sure I'm
missing something most of the assets on
the internet that have 1 billion people
who come to them pretty much on a daily
basis jeez that's a you know one of the
reasons that US the top 100 companies in
a u.s. account for more and more
percentage of GDP is that they now have
more global options than they did back
in the 1930s it's a basic point these
companies these assets have a billion
users a day for Facebook its Facebook
itself messenger and whatsapp or you
give somebody you give a group of smart
engineers a billion people to work with
on a daily basis they'll create
opportunities they should be able to we
also in a report we did recently talked
about 10 key growth drivers across the
internet across technology really across
consumer internet over the next next
year these we thought were they're
really the most important trends and if
I just think about how Facebook clicks
checks off against these in terms of
increasingly mobile usage of the
internet social ubiquity I think Henry
in the first two Henry Blodgett in the
first presentation talked about the big
new trend being social video I tend to
refer to that
is video of vacation I think it sounds
better than social video and then
there's AI and m/l artificial
intelligence and machine learning and
the v of these ten trends is what I call
the cash pile up Facebook checks against
five of those and a checks against them
extremely well so we think that's really
well positioned for what I think are
five of the ten largest growth drivers
or growth factors on the internet the
next 12 months and we're seeing ongoing
innovation and what I've seen over the
last 20 years of looking at internet
companies and technology companies when
the innovation slows inevitably the
money slows and the stock gets hit and I
haven't seen that slowdown on the
innovation side so this is just a couple
of quick examples the sharing
capabilities that we're seeing that have
been brought out on Instagram recently
the inclusion of shopping
we've got more sharing functionality
we've got more shopping functionality at
the end of the day that's really what
matters you've got to build out the
functionality of Instagram build out the
functionality of Facebook what I see is
constant moves innovative moves that I
think are allowing Facebook and
Instagram to become more and more useful
on a daily basis to consumers that's a
good for that's a good thing for
Facebook and then there's the innovation
for the other customer set to basic
customer sets here for Facebook the
consumers and the advertisers here are a
couple of examples of carousel ads
dynamic ads the more innovation the
better and the seems to be a company
that kind of gets that and it's gotten
that for a while and again you have a
billion users your ability to do 50,000
65,000 70,000 tests on a daily basis
boy that gives you the ability to do a/b
testing in a way that nobody's ever been
able to do it before Facebook however is
not without problems and here the here's
the example of the fake news fake news
stories and maybe this is a negative for
Facebook and you know you probably do
need to somehow check quality of content
although look any of us go walk outside
and pick up some of the tabloids in the
area I think that's another example of
fake news and I'd also give you the
point that from an advertiser
perspective you have a platform that had
a few fake news articles they may have
influenced the u.s. presidential
election that sounds like a pretty
influential platform to
I'd probably want to advertise on him
there's also this other challenge coming
up it's called this company snapchat you
may have heard of it and last year here
somebody asked me about whether I
thought snapchat would continue to grow
and I think I made a really stupid
statement to the effect of that probably
not it wasn't quite that simple but
never underestimate the ability of these
companies if they've got really good
innovation really good management teams
with that secular tailwind behind them
to continue to grow and we've seen that
at snapchat so is this an issue for
Facebook we have a report coming out
this week where we did this series of
tests surveys of about 3,000 Internet
users in the US and we took him out by
cohorts so the the teens 13 to 18 19 to
25 26 to 35 and we asked every one of
these cohorts if you could only pick one
if you're on a deserted island you can
only pick one social media platform who
you're gonna pick and so what from this
is that in every demo 19 or over 18
years old
Facebook odd utterly dominates the users
users interest users attention when it
comes to where they if they only could
pick one where they would go and even in
those teens you get 28 percent of teens
said if they could pick one it would be
snapchat number two Facebook at 25% and
then there's the great teen hedge called
Instagram that that that Facebook
acquired a couple years ago one of the
best acquisitions in the entire history
of the internet and I did couldn't help
but put in this line at the top nobody
views teens as desirable if anybody has
a teenage kids at home or three teenage
kids at home you know this is it's a
tough crowd they're not necessarily
always terribly desirable you prefer
soccer moms with the money rather than
the soccer players I'll leave it at that
all right here we go what's next for
Facebook in a minute the next three
years this is Zuckerberg we're focused
on continuing to build our community
help people share more of what matters
to them the next five years are about
building newer products in the echo
systems next ten years building new
technologies to help people connect in
new ways so here's three ideas three
examples I touched on these last year
they're more developed this year face
work okay it's Facebook in the workplace
I was skeptical last year what I've seen
in the last year's
thousand organizations now are using
Facebook in the in a in a workplace its
organizations like Oxfam but its
companies like booking comm and
Starbucks so this is a question mark
this may be an interesting new
opportunity for the company last year I
also talked about Facebook in the
marketplace or a face place the
advantage that Facebook has with the
platform that it has is you can lay out
these market places you can lay at this
Buy button functionality this ecommerce
functionality on the site if it doesn't
work no big deal as long as you don't
undermine the user experience but if it
works it's all incremental incremental
usage functionality and eventually
revenue and profits but the third thing
what I'm most interested in to these
messaging platforms and they're people
talk about these massive messaging
platforms in Asia QQ messenger WeChat
kickline there's two of them that have
over a billion users and Facebook owns
them both 33% of people on Facebook go
to use messenger on a daily basis and
it's a completely unmonitored asset got
a billion people who use whatsapp it's
less used in the u.s. very heavily used
in Europe and in parts of Asia almost
completely unmonitored asset and if you
watch these apps and you use them on a
daily basis you'll notice more and more
functionality built in in terms of
payments sharing gaming you build out
the functionality you build out the use
case they become sticky those things get
monetized it's probably the most
interesting long-term opportunity we
think the company has how big is it
quick spreadsheet work just looking at
how some of these other messaging
platforms are monetized we think each of
those Facebook Messenger and whatsapp
can be generating within three to five
years five billion dollars a year in
revenue each so that's it I'll sum it up
we got an asset that's got 1.8 billion
users served and consistently growing
not accelerating not decelerating
consistently growing you got a 28
billion ad revenue run rate 55% ad
revenue growth extremely rare and yet
it's only 5% of global advertising spend
and I've yet to see that crest moment in
advertiser demand for Facebook consumer
and advertiser innovation continues and
we think
Facebook's gonna get more in-your-face
and we're particularly interested in the
messaging opportunity with two billion
dollar platforms that's probably where
the biggest new source of growth will be
for Facebook and that's it
