I don't have a credit card I've never
had a credit card I don't really want a
credit card because I've seen people's
wives ruined because they went into such
credit card debt is it bad that I don't
have a credit card it's bad I wouldn't
say it's bad but I wouldn't say it's
helping you a lot of people these days
check credit scores as some sort of
measure of how responsible a human being
you are and although it's possible to
have a good credit score without a
credit card it's easier to have one if
you do have credit card did you get a
flu shot
yes why'd you get a flu shot because I
didn't to get the for you okay so this
is kind of the same thing you get a
credit card because you don't want to
have a bad score it's like avoiding
something out there and getting one and
having one can be an innocuous
experience you don't really have to use
it I'm not sort of the secret you do
have to use it but you don't have to use
it in a way that impacts your life so I
think you should get a card I think I
think it's a good tool for you to have I
think even though you don't want to buy
a house or car right now you might want
to buy a house for card in the future
and this will help you and I think you
can do it in a way where you kind of
just do it and you know set it and
forget it you look like you're here I'm
not for real oh I have a low credit
score simply because I don't have a
credit card yeah I didn't go into credit
card debt and like Miss years of
payments on some stupid car or something
that I bought like I didn't do that I
dunno anyway
don't yell at me god I feel better I
feel like it's time to just close the
book on this chapter of my life where I
was just fighting it do you thank you so
much I feel much better
you
