students sometimes write in the way that
they speak this is damaging young
people's job prospect where that we
communicate through social media and
through texting has had quite a
significant influence on the way that we
communicate we tend to communicate in
what shorter fragmented sentences we
tend to also emphasize things that are
very much of the moment also terms of
the language was used the spelling
grammar of the punctuation and so on
again they use this type of language and
bad grammar bad structure and so on in
their CV job application and then we're
not getting taken as seriously as they
should be thick to have the abilities
the Constitution and they just
communicate in a way that's very
different to how the professional world
still expects them to communicate
