I learned something new every single day
and you know and and that's why I'm
still here over eight years of being on
shark tank I've learned so much I've
been on the forefront of seeing where
things are going yep if you really put
technology along with the fundamentals
of business you will flourish you can do
massive amount of business online you
can know where your customer is you can
also make a difference by you know
changing other people's lives and you
know you can make money at the same time
and not be at the mercy of a retailer
you shouldn't have a company that is not
contributing in some fashion or form or
sense to a cause because you know the
people today who buy product they want
to know what have you done for somebody
else lately not what have you done for
me lately what have you done for
somebody else lately co-chair economy is
really great and you can kind of work
with other people's marketing and and
and really leverage these relationships
I've learned that young talent is
important you know in in the past the
mentor was always somebody who was older
than you and little more sophisticated
than you today is reverse mentorship
there are kids that are 18 years old who
are communicating in a whole different
way and you need to understand what's
going on in their minds and how are they
communicating and sharing this message
and how can you convert that to sales my
friends or the little arts companies I
speak to a lot of them are challenged
with what they call innovation but yet
they're doing the same thing that
they've been doing forever in the same
place so how can you innovate
