he said it's the highest murder rate in
47 years and the media doesn't report it
and again Kellyanne the media doesn't
report it because it's a lie because
it's not true because the press doesn't
tell it like it is was it to their
advantage to say that but the murder
rate is the highest has been and I guess
from 45 to 47 years for the president to
say that is is I can't even I can't even
wrap my head around it I think that the
probably will discuss it but I think he
is relying upon data perhaps for a
particular area I don't know who gave
him that data it's gotten to a point
where it's not even being reported
according to the Tyndall report and
other sources we have inordinate
coverage on on on President on excuse me
candidate Trump during the Republican
primary 333 minutes on him and really I
mean five times as much coverage on him
as these terrorist attacks and and
frankly more coverage by the major
networks at the very least on Prince's
death you're just your spin the about
the idea that we don't want to be a
narrative that that's that's a lovely
spin but that's not what he was saying
Kellyanne he was saying the media does
not cover these stories because we don't
want to cover them because we have some
sort of agenda that's what he was
suggesting and it's offensive given the
fact that CNN and other media
organizations have reporters in danger
right now
in war zones covering Isis and I just
don't understand how the president can
make an attack like that
