people do not believe that government is
working for them and they're absolutely
right because government is in the hands
of big lobbies that's the beginning and
the end of it this time ExxonMobil runs
the State Department in the Trump
administration we've got the senior
investment bankers in the White House in
the Treasury in every part of the
economic positions of government so this
is what's been wrong with America but
now it seems that we're even doing away
with the lobbyists as give them the
positions in government to don't don't
have a middleman and that is really
terrifying it's exactly in the opposite
direction of where we should be heading
we need to take some longer term
objectives for example making our energy
system take removing this idiotic system
where there's one trillion dollars of
student that's something completely
unheard of in any other high-income
countries in the world America became so
greedy in the politics since majors want
big bucks they can't say oh we have a
25-year plan to make billions that we
don't deserve they try to grab
everything they can in the short term I
gimmicks or deregulation or tax cuts and
so forth but that doesn't mean that
things are hopeless it just means we
have to get reoriented whether it's
health care reform or building a real
infrastructure or stopping the
incredibly dangerous climate change or
building the science and technology of
the future these are all wonderfully
Within Reach so many incredibly exciting
things if we say yeah let's really solve
some problems
