dan given your status is one of the
original FinTech disruptors what trends
enabled PayPal to be launched now 15 to
20 years ago and and what is enabling
the continuing growth from here I think
there are two meta trends that are in
exonerol and just continuing to
accelerate first is that currencies of
all kind are digitizing checks are
disappearing
although 85% of the world's transactions
are still in cash they're increasingly
digitizing and so you've got money in
general digitizing and whether that be
in the form of cards they will digitize
or actually currency itself will start
to digitize as well so you're seeing
that happening but all that is enabled
really by the explosion of mobile into
the marketplace probably have 80%
penetration of mobile right now in the
world's population next 5-years called
about 90% and there are two trends that
happen with mobile one for consumers is
you have all the power of a bank branch
in the palm of your hand right now and
so basic consumer financial transactions
can be done quickly you don't need to
stand in line to make the transaction
you can do it immediately they're simple
and easy to understand they're more
secure than money there's a lot of
leakage in money and finally they're
much less expensive the digital world
can be 80 to 90 percent less expensive
to serve a customer than through
traditional bank branches and so you're
going to have an explosion of kind of
platforms that manage and move money for
consumers on the retail side retail is
going through a fundamental
transformation due to mobile as well
there used to be distinct worlds of
online and offline Mobile is blurring
the distinction between online and off
if you make a purchase using your mobile
phone and pick it up in-store is that
mobile or online or is that offline it's
actually a combination it's just
commerce and more and more retailers are
now taking a look at what Amazon and
others are doing and thinking how do I
compete how do I use the mobile phone to
get closer to become more intimate with
my customer and digital payments is a
key driver of that integrating rewards
as a as a currency type it's that kind
of thing so those trends those secular
trends are driving growth through all
regions of 20% plus easily throughout
the world and we only see those
continuing to accelerate
