so the two bases for executive order one
is reversible by the Congress when he
acts pursuant to statute and both of the
reversible by the courts either repeat
exceeded his statutory authority or if
he's violated the Constitution
Oh
executive order is a directive by the
President to the officers and officials
of the executive branch you wouldn't
have an executive order directing a
private person to do something they do
have the effect of law and they do find
private persons for example in their
dealings with executive officials
if it's pursuant to a congressional
statute as most executive orders are the
Congress can go back and say no we
didn't mean that you can have a some
kind of bill considered in both houses
that would then be an enactment that
would go to the present pre signature
now remember that the president has the
power of the veto so if he interprets
the statute a certain way issues an
executive order pursuant to that statute
and both houses of Congress disagree he
can still be telling Congress will have
to pass legislation over his veto by two
cups of majority in both houses but yes
they can't override it if on the other
hand he's acting pursuant to his
commander-in-chief Authority for example
the Emancipation Proclamation was mixing
in water during the Civil War pursuant
to Abraham Lincoln's war powers powers
as commander in chief that can't be
overridden by Congress but it could be
overridden by the courts courts could
have said that's unconstitutional
