we don't do anything extra for our
bodies and it creates such an amazing
like long lean muscle without having to
use anything there's nothing else
involved but you and your body the
ballet technique has been around for
hundreds of years and it was structured
in a certain way to be able to build
this amazing strong but lean body I
don't think that there you need to lift
weights or do anything like that that's
going to bulk you up something as simple
as even holding your arm just the weight
and resistance of your own body creates
muscles like throughout the back you're
supporting yourself throughout your arms
so people always ask me like how what do
you do I'm like I hold my arms like when
I dance even doing something that we
would call a releve it's when you slowly
rise to the balls of your feet and
that's what creates the strong cast
muscle that we're doing that over and
over again
Agron plie is a good way to get the
inner thighs the hamstrings the but
everything active like a lunge or
something like that but we do it turns
out so you wouldn't be doing it parallel
a lot of people do things with their
toes facing forward and that tends to
bulk up applause but if you turn out
you're going to reach the hamstrings the
butt and everything else
