thank you
thank you very much
thank you thank you very much ladies and
gentlemen when Justice Scalia passed
away suddenly less februari I made a
promise to the American people if I were
elected president I would find the very
best judge in the country for the
Supreme Court I promised to select
someone who respects our laws and is
representative of our Constitution and
who loves our Constitution and someone
who will interpret them as written this
may be the most transparent judicial
selection process in history months ago
as a candidate I publicly presented a
list of brilliant and accomplished
people to the American electorate and
pledged to make my choice from among
that list millions of voters said this
was the single most important issue to
them when they voted for me for
president I am a man of my word I will
do as I say something that the American
people have been asking for from
Washington for a very very long time
today
thank you today I am keeping another
promise to the American people by
nominating judge neil Gorsuch of the
United States Supreme Court to be of the
United States Supreme Court and I would
like to ask the judge Gorsuch and his
wonderful wife Louise to please step
forward please Louise judge here they
come here they come
so was that a surprise was it
I have always felt that after the
defense of our nation the most important
decision a president of the United
States can make is the appointment of a
Supreme Court justice depending on their
age a justice can be active for 50 years
and his or her decisions can last a
century or more and can often be
permanent I took the task of this
nomination very seriously I have
selected an individual whose qualities
define really and I mean closely to find
what we're looking for judge Gossage has
outstanding legal skills a brilliant
mind tremendous discipline and has
earned bipartisan support when he was
nominated to the Tenth Circuit Court of
Appeals he was confirmed by the Senate
unanimously also that's unanimous can
you believe that nowadays with what's
going on
does that happen anymore does it happen
i think it's going to happen maybe again
also with us tonight is Maureen Scalia a
woman loved by her husband and deeply
respected by all I am so happy she is
with us where is going she could affect
me
Thank You Man she is really the ultimate
representative of the late great Justice
Antonin Scalia whose image and genius
was in my mind throughout the
decision-making process not only are we
looking at the writings of the nominee
and I studied them closely but he is
said to be among the finest and most
brilliant oftentimes the writings of any
judge for a long long time and his
academic credentials something very
important to me and that education has
always been a priority are as good as I
have ever seen he received his
undergraduate degree from Columbia with
honors he then received his law degree
from Harvard also with honors where he
was a Truman scholar after Harvard he
received his doctorate at Oxford where
he attended as a Marshall scholar one of
the top academic honors anywhere in the
world after law school he plucked on the
Supreme Court for both justices Byron
white and Anthony Kennedy it is an
extraordinary resume as good as it gets
judge Gossage was born and raised in
Colorado and was taught the value of
Independence hard work in public service
while in law school he demonstrated a
commitment to helping the less fortunate
he worked in both Harvard prison legal
assistance projects and Harvard
defenders program brilliance being
assured I studied every aspect of his
life he could have had any job at any
law firm for any amount of money but
what he wanted to do with his career was
to be a judge to right decisions and to
make an impact by upholding our laws in
our Constitution the qualifications of
Judge courses are beyond dispute he is
the man of our country and a man who our
country really needs and need
badly to ensure the rule of law and the
rule of justice I would like to thank
Senate leadership I only hope that both
Democrats and Republicans can come
together for once for the good of the
country congratulations to you and your
family may god bless you may God bless
our glorious nation the judge gorsuch
the podium sir is yours
Thank You mr. president thank you very
much mr. president mr. vice president
you and your team have shown me great
courtesy in this process and you've
entrusted me with the most solemn
assignment standing here in a house of
history and acutely aware of my own
imperfections I pledge the divine
confirmed I will do all my powers permit
to be a faithful servant of the
Constitution laws of this great country
for the last decade I've worked as a
federal judge in a court that spans six
western states serving about twenty
percent of the continental United States
and about 18 million people the men and
women I've worked with at every level in
our circuit are an inspiration to me
I've watched them fearlessly tending to
the rule of law and forcing the promises
of our Constitution and living out daily
their judicial oath to administer
justice equally to rich and poor alike
following the law as they find it and
without respect to their personal
political beliefs I think of them
tonight of course the Supreme Court's
work is vital not just to a region of
the country but to the whole vital to
the protection of the people's liberties
under law and the continuity of our
Constitution the greatest charter of
human Liberty the world has ever known
the towering judges that have served in
this particular seat of the Supreme
Court including N and Scalia and Robert
Jackson are much in my mind at this
moment Justice Scalia was a lion of the
law agree or disagree with him all of
his colleagues on the bench sheriff see
his wisdom and his humor and like them I
miss him
I began my legal career working for
Byron white the last caller Aden to
serve on the Supreme Court and the only
justice to lead the NFL in rushing he
was one of the smartest and most
courageous men I've ever known when
justice white retired he gave me the
chance to work for Justice Kennedy as
well Justice Kennedy was incredibly
welcoming and gracious and like justice
white he taught me so much I am forever
grateful and if you've ever met Judge
David sentelle you'll know just how
lucky I was to land a clerkship with him
right out of school thank you these
judges brought me up in the law truly I
would not be here without them today is
as much their day as it is mine in the
balance of my professional life I've had
the privilege of working as a practicing
lawyer and teacher I've enjoyed
wonderful colleagues who support means
so much for me at this moment as it has
year in and year out practicing and the
trial work trenches of the law I saw to
that when we judges Donna rogues it
doesn't make us any smarter but it does
serve as a reminder of what's expected
us impartiality and independence
collegiality and courage as this process
now moves to the Senate I look forward
with speaking with members from both
sides of the aisle to answering their
questions and to hearing their concerns
I consider the United States Senate the
greatest deliberative body in the world
and I respect the important role the
Constitution affords in the confirmation
of our judges I respect to the fact that
in our legal order it is for Congress
and not the courts to write new law it
is a role of judges to apply not alter
the work of the people's representatives
a judge who likes every outcome he
reaches is very likely a bad judge
stretching for results he prefers rather
than those the law demands I am so
thankful tonight for my family my
friends and my faith these are the
things that keep me grounded at like
speaks and then sustain me in its
valleys to Louise my incredible wife and
companion of 20 years my cherished
daughters who are watching on TV and all
my family and friends I cannot thank you
enough for your love and for your
prayers I could not attempt this without
You mr. president I'm honored and I in
Hama humbled thank you very much
you
