the single worst thing you can do is get
caught up in minutia and this is
something that many many novice
entrepreneurs do and please please
listen to me please if you find yourself
waking up in the morning and all of us
it's like you're tearing your hair out
you're saying okay I gotta post on
Instagram then pinterest then Twitter
then this because why because they told
me I got to do it then I gotta do this
in that if you find yourself fearing
hairy than frenzy stop you know you've
taken a wrong turn somewhere that's okay
go back a little bit the main things you
need to do when it comes to starting a
business or very simple and foundation
number one find a bunch of ideas number
two test them make sure that people will
pay for it number three create a product
or service and then number for selling
that's it if you find yourself off in
the weeds getting overwhelmed it's okay
stop pull back focus on those core
foundational things and if you do that
you can launch and grow your successful
business
