vitamin C is involved in the production
of collagen so collagen is important to
make your skin look supple citrus so
lemons limes you also have many fruits
and vegetables watermelon tomatoes leafy
greens will all provide vitamin C even
avocados from provide vitamin C as well
vitamin A is another nutrient that is
very important for skin health because
it helps with skin repair so that is
where you will find basically vitamin A
you will find in any orange red and
yellow fruit or vegetable butternut
squash some leafy greens as well carrots
will all provide vitamin A another
nutrient that is key for skin health are
the omega-3 fatty acids one of the many
wonderful things about omega-3 fats is
that their anti-inflammatory acne or
even just your skin not looking at its
best can sometimes be a reflection of
too much inflammation happening in the
body you will find omega-3 fats in
flax seeds chia seeds hemp seeds walnuts
some fatty fish with salmon you have to
be a little bit more aware because the
only salmon that gives you omega-3 is
wild salmon
