peanut butter always surprises me
crackers always surprising bacon for
those of us who think bacon is a health
food sugar content is surprisingly high
salad dressings white bread this one I
was always one of the questions of
though we you're always keeping in mind
I'm always keeping in mind when I'm
doing this work is if I think that
obesity and diabetes are caused by sugar
and white flour which I primarily sugar
and then white flowers also problematic
which i do then how do you explain so
the French for instance who clearly
baguette sorry constant theme in French
life and pastries and croissants and but
as it turns out the sugar content in
white bread in the United States white
bread can be as much as twelve percent
sugar where the sugar content European
white bread tends to be about two to
three percent so that was a very
surprising fact for me the French shade
remarkably little sugar they were always
about 50 to 100 years behind us and
sugar consumption so with Southeast Asia
is about a hundred years behind us so a
lot of these countries that had diets
that are you know have a significant
amount of refined grains and starches
but they didn't have obesity and
diabetes when you look you find out that
they're consuming very little sugar a
relatively little
