back at it again at McDonald's they have
just released two new sandwiches can I
get new in quotes
they released two variations of their
massively successful iconic sandwich the
Big Mac of course you've heard of it
everyone's had it except for a handful
of Millennials that work here who did
try it for the first time that video is
on facebooking to check it out it was
trending for a while no big deal
produced by me anyway
McDonald's decided they're gonna release
two sandwiches that are basically
variations of the Big Mac the first
sandwich is the Mac jr. which is a Big
Mac but it's a single patty Big Mac so
it doesn't have the second patty and
that thick piece of bread in the middle
that's kind of confusing and the second
variation is called the Grand Big Mac
which is like a Big Mac but way bigger
this thing is huge
Stephen being advertises you need two
hands to eat it this thing is thick
looking up but I am so I went out and
got all three variations of the Big Mac
and I'm gonna try them right now because
I love writing off my lunch want to make
the note that mine McDonald's order
number was 311 which is very apropos
because I'm about to get down on eating
these sandwiches Mac junior paper
wrapper not the box that the Big Mac is
famous for coming in I mean this kind of
looks like the size of a regular
McDonald's hamburger but unlike the
sesame bun they're hamburger doesn't
come on the sesame bun correct it comes
on a plain bun we got some graphics on
the screen to confirm or deny that thank
you
tastes just like the Big Mac but that is
big if you don't to get such a big
sandwich it's a great idea
Yoho look who it is the classic Big Mac
sandwich so number one let's be honest
we all know what the true main event is
for this video it's the Grand Big Mac
look at the size of this thing
you see the difference said that
translating on camera for scale I went
ahead and put my iPhone next to the
sandwich you get an idea of how big it
is just when you thought the Big Mac
couldn't get any bigger hell yeah dude
I love it I love it's bigger all right
let's get that price point on the screen
both taste as good as the Big Mac so now
it's just up to you to decide what size
you want depending on how hungry you are
I think it's a genius idea and I love it
now for the outer of this video let's
play a little three
and sounding royalty-free music hit it
