it's fine if these ideas are bad let's
start off by saying most of them are not
good so let's just start there what we
want to do is test them slice and dice
them to find a profitable idea in my
life I started off I learned about
personal finance and I got to be pretty
good at it
is that a business I don't know there's
a million other books out there and
there's all these people who speak on
stage and they take photos like this I
don't I don't know is this an idea or
not what I started doing was I started
looking around and talking to my friends
and I would just send them a simple
email and say hey would you be willing
to share a little bit of stuff about
money with me I'm not trying to sell
anything I'm just trying to think about
potentially starting a business a
hundred percent of them wrote back sure
send me any questions so I said when it
comes to money can you tell me what are
your biggest problems with it if you had
a magic wand what would it look like and
what are those things where you wake up
in the morning when it comes to money
using I really hate fill in the blank
now imagine you do this with money or
imagine you do this with organizing your
apartment or learning how to dress or
being productive if you email five to
ten people they're gonna give you some
really valuable insights and that's how
you start to slice and dice your idea
for profitability
