you've got a real transition with a lot
of public figures here that know that
they're gonna be normalizing him real
soon and they're in the process of doing
that right I mean if you are the CEO of
a public company I don't care what you
thought beforehand now suddenly he's
fine
and you're gonna find a way to say the
right things and put on your public face
so that's that process is happening you
can feel people go through it right now
because even it's very hard to maintain
can less your sociopath to mate to have
a radically different public persona
then you do privately so you've got a
few people here like Larry Summers who
are like really out there like being
super critical but this is like you'd
say well wait a second last year I
talked to you guys in like we were
talking about Trump last year and
everyone said you know you thought this
guy was innocent of a complete disaster
has he become suddenly better they say
well you know so people are turning
themselves into knots
there is a concern among the folks that
really are looking at the global
environment the domestic environment I
think the the Davos crew is actually
very happy they're happy because they
think that they're going to do well
personally they're happy because they
see that the regulatory environment will
become more streamlined in pro industry
they're happy because they believe that
there'll be some spend on infrastructure
some privatization some opportunity make
money but internationally I think
there's a lot of concern plus you know
not only Trump but also many of those
around him have been leveling fire at
China on almost everything and so the
potential for real confrontation between
the world's two most important economies
I think is actually real and I think
that's underappreciated
here at Davos and because it people are
saying well we know you can't predict
what Trump is gonna do well actually
you're the same people that are
predicting that he's going to do great
things for the US economy at home some
of which I happen to agree with but you
can't keep those two things in your head
at the same time so I mean clearly there
is a hell of a lot of geopolitical risk
right now
