people complain about the tweets but you
look in the economic realm yeah it works
so he tweets uncarrier cuts to do it
carrier keeps a thousand plus jobs in
united states and then the stock does go
down when he tweets about a company I
think it goes down two to three percent
and it's back up to where it was within
two or three days so it's a it's a
little painful blip but not a permanent
scar against that company and so he did
it on carrier Don Ford now Ford's agreed
to put more factories in the United
States he do it lucky you know one tweet
on Lockheed one meeting the price of the
f-35 came down and eighteen hundred jobs
came to Fort Worth is a business man it
looks like a very effective sales tool
then for Donald Trump to promote and
sell the United States and the United
States worker that's a very positive
image for the United States for our
country to have in corporate America
we'll have to realize you know we want
jobs here we want to keep jobs here and
as a US developer and we built across
the country you we're more than happy to
continue to build big logistics parks
for American firms supplying us jobs
