one final question do you think that
guns have any place in or around schools
I think that's best left to locales and
states to decide if the underlying
question is let's say that you can't say
definitively today that guns shouldn't
be in schools well I will refer back to
a Senator Enzi and the school that he
was talking about in Wapiti Wyoming I
think probably there I would imagine
that there's probably a gun in the
school to protect from potential
Grizzlies if President if President
Trump moves forward with his plan to ban
gun-free school zones will you support
that proposal I will support what the
president elects does but senator if if
the question is around gun violence and
the results of that please know that I
my heart bleeds and and is broken for
those families that have lost any
individual due to gun violence I look
forward to working with you but I also
look forward to you coming to
Connecticut and talking about the role
of guns in schools
