money I love having it but I hate not
having it so I came up with an
often-overlooked plan to make my own
there's only one problem
I can't copy money no I don't mean I
can't like it's illegal to copy money I
mean I actually can't copy money on a
photocopier or a scanner why well like
all my other financial problems this one
can be traced back to the Stars in 1996
a pattern known as the Orion
constellation was added to banknotes in
several countries all over the world
this series of five dots resembling a
constellation are repeated across the
bill software in modern photocopiers and
scanners recognize the pattern and
prevent the copy from happening I should
mention that trying to copy money is
illegal so don't try it I certainly
didn't I'm not easily defeated so I'll
try dragging an image of money into
Photoshop and then print it out nope
software like Photoshop prohibits the
opening of currency images so it looks
like I'm going to have to make money the
old-fashioned way insurance fraud
you
