and making the claim in this book
proposing that sugar is more deadly than
tobacco and what makes it easy to do is
this notion that tobacco wouldn't have
killed nearly as many people if it
wasn't for the sugar in leaves so the
great technological breakthrough in the
tobacco industry in the second half of
the 20th century was something called
flue curing tobacco when you flu cure
tobacco you dry the leaves over it's hot
air that's blown up and it increases the
sugar content of the leaf by from about
3% to perhaps 20% and now when you
increase the sugar content you have a
tobacco that can be inhaled deeply into
the lungs it's alkaline instead of
acidic and you can inhale with that
triggering your cough reflex the problem
is these flu cured leads Virginia
tobacco had a relatively low nicotine
content so now you have a leaf that you
can inhale as a cigarette but is not
very addictive and in a stroke of genius
or serendipity or whatever was in 1913
when RJR Reynolds was sort of
reconstituted in this the the Supreme
Court broke up the tobacco trust and one
of the companies that came out of it was
r.j. Reynolds and they had been a
company that sold chewing tobacco which
is called plug tobacco and plug tobacco
is actually marinated in what's called a
sugar sauce sugar or maple syrup
licorice you know you name and it's what
gives chewing tobacco it's the batter
makes it tasty I don't know how else to
describe it and the plug tobacco the
marinated plug tobacco also has a high
sugar content but it has a high nicotine
content so our ji Reynolds blended
together the plug tobacco marinated in
sugar sauce with the flue-cured Virginia
tobacco with the high sugar content and
the result was a tobacco that has a high
nicotine content and the high sugar
content they
inhaled easily into the lungs with the
nicotine can stimulate the addiction you
won't cough so children and women can
smoke it easily as well and it has a
high potential to cause lung cancer
because the carcinogens are now being
inhaled deeply into the lungs and your
lungs have a surface area roughly the
size of a tennis court where these
carcinogens can do their damage
Kamel the first American blended
cigarette was released in 1913 by 1920
was most popular cigarette in America by
the early 1930s virtually every American
cigarette was blended of this flue-cured
tobacco in the sugar sauce plug tobacco
you look in the historical records and
you see that lung cancer was virtually
non-existent in medical records prior to
1915 so camels come along in 1913 and
from 1915 onward you could just see this
steady rise in lung cancer and it's all
without the sugar content of the leaves
and the sugar saucing of the plug
tobacco it just doesn't happen
