the most common threat I think for
anyone watching this video is that they
might give up their personal information
online without realizing it and that can
happen in a number of ways the biggest
one is through something called fishing
which is when someone tries to dupe you
into giving up your personal information
say for example by sending you an email
that looks like it's from google but
it's actually from goggle asking you to
reset your password and you just click
the button the page looks like a your
gmail login page and you type in your
password your password but in fact that
was a page that was created by somebody
who's trying to steal your information
there are ways to protect yourselves
against this type of threat and the main
one is something called two-step
verification every time somebody uses
your password on a new device they need
to get a confirmation code that only you
have on your phone and said look up two
step verification and Google has one
Twitter and Facebook also have them and
keep yourself safe from being finished
