what there's two things number one
everybody's got to understand why
they're doing what they're doing how
what their job is how that affects the
mission how that affects the strategy
the other thing they gotta remember is
there's me some long term goal right
when you see a target that's far away
you point your weapon at it you're
looking down your sights if you stare at
that long-term target that's that far
distant target it starts to get blurry
in your vision it literally starts to
get blurry that's what your eyes do and
so what you have to do is you have to
focus on the front side of your weapon
and then you can take your shot what's
the same thing with goals and when you
have a long-term goal that you're trying
to achieve
sometimes that goal it's so far away it
starts to get blurry I'm not worried
about what's happening year or from now
I'm worried about you know getting a
pizza and it starts not to have the
meaning because it's so far away and
that's why you got to have shorter term
goals that are closer what are we trying
to get done today what are we trying to
what is our goal for today we want to
reach this milestone today and when
people see that then they get focused on
it then they drive and they accomplish
that and that all obviously contributes
to making it to the long-term goal
