if they're asking you for consent that
probably means that they don't have
enough evidence to search your car to
search you without your permission and
once you give consent all bets are off
so the first thing you want to do is
make sure that you have your license and
registration available so that you can
hand it over to the police when they ask
for it you want to make sure that your
hands are always visible there have been
too many incidents over the last several
years and beyond where police officers
have mistaken sudden movements and have
reacted in a way that has only escalated
the situation so I think it's important
to make sure that your hands are visible
and that you are doing whatever the
police are asking you to do without
having to go into a lot of detail in
terms of talking to the police just
making sure that you're following
whatever lawful orders you're given but
you never have to consent to a search
whether it's a search of your person or
of your car if the police ask you for
consent to search you can simply say no
I do not give you consent you have to
understand that if the police have
probable cause to search you or to
search your car they're not going to ask
you for permission and in fact they they
won't need to but if they're asking you
for consent that probably means that
they don't have enough evidence to
search your car to search you without
your permission and once you give
consent all bets are off so you have to
understand that even if you believe that
you're completely innocent even if you
believe that you know there's nothing on
you or in your car that could be
incriminating it's not a good idea to to
consent I would also say that despite
the fact that in the vast majority of
situations the police will not ask you
to get out of the car if they do you are
required to do so in fact if you're if
you're pulled over even for a speeding
ticket
technically the Supreme Court has said
that the police have the right to arrest
you deciding whether or not the order
that's been given is a lawful one is
not something that you want to be doing
in the moment it's the police are giving
you an order again whether or not you
think it's lawful our advice is to do
what you are asked to do and again if
you're paying attention to the
circumstances and understand what has
happened relaying that information to
your lawyer after the fact rather than
challenging the police officer at the
moment
