for the clan and what it represents and
it's hateful ideology insisted Marsh
deeds of the Southern Poverty Law Center
his lawsuit that led to the successful
collapse of the clan at least in Alabama
the seizure of their building at least
for that period of time as Civil Rights
Division attorneys have testified before
the committee I support it fully their
historic chases that the Justice
Department filed to advance civil rights
and that I supported including cases to
desegregate schools abolish at-large
elections for cities county commissions
and school boards these at-large
elections were mechanism used to block
african-american candidates from being
able to be elected to boards and
commissions he was a deliberate and part
of a systemic plan to reduce the ability
of african-americans to have influence
in the election and governing process I
never declared the n-double-a-cp was on
American or that a civil rights attorney
was a disgrace to his race there is
nothing I am more proud of than my
fourteen years of service in the
Department of Justice
