disrespect invites disrespect violence
incites violence when the powerful use
their position to bully others we all
lose
written by a nice reporter now the poor
guy you gotta see this guy I don't know
what I said ah
I don't remember he's gonna like I don't
remember either Oh baby that's what I
said here's a 14 years ago he's still
they didn't do a retraction
you
and there were many many many powerful
performances this year that did exactly
that
breathtaking compassionate work but
there was one performance this year that
stunned me it was that moment when the
person asking to sit in the most
respected seat in our country imitated a
disabled reporter someone he outranked
in privilege power and the capacity to
fight back it it kind of broke my heart
when I saw it I still can't get it out
of my head because it wasn't in a movie
it was real life and this instinct to
humiliate when it's modeled by someone
in the public platform by someone
powerful it filters down into
everybody's life because it kind of
gives permission for other people to do
the same thing
