I mean there's some of the people that
you have to respect like Xbox and
Playstation like when they put something
out in front of their consumers like you
know that a big percentage of them are
gonna follow suit so like the
PlayStation VR a good number of people
pick that up and that's a great
introduction for can you know people to
get these headsets what I like about
Instagram that snapchat doesn't have is
you can make a group of DMS so like you
can put as many people as you want I
think and snapchat its individual so if
you want to send snapchats to multiple
people they go there individually mhm
and they can't send it back there's like
no group I really respect to get
snapchat going back to that mean all the
time whenever I'm using it not just
enjoying my I'll just think of like wow
that's really collaborative like the
whole system of like having different
best friends and different emojis next
to certain people's name for certain
things and again like points for
socializing and stories like I just like
sometimes you just go back to like wow
this is genius it's just like funniest
in like funny pictures or just like
pictures of what you're doing like what
you like don't do and like iMessage or
whatever like device you have okay but I
don't think I don't like about it is
that like you forget what you like
snapchat the other person they snapped
you see something and you're like what
did I say like I forgot like an example
would be like some athletic brands okay
like such as like adidas like I think a
few years ago like an example would be
that sneaker that came out the spring
blade it was like kind of like flopped
but is I really think it was like an
essential kind of thing that could have
sold in the first place okay well like
sometimes they you just think that like
if we make something that looks
innovative and they slap like a $500
price tag on it
it would be like everyone want to buy it
because it's expensive mm-hmm sometimes
it doesn't work out sometimes it does
yeah example Yeezy boost I think you got
to go Microsoft Apple Xbox just all
these different companies that you
respect like I said like memes I
screenshot memes from like Instagram and
I send them to group chats so we can all
get a laugh together
