everybody's got their thing but here's
what marks got mark has got a deep
understanding of technology which enters
every almost every product today that's
a huge advantage I don't have if he's on
a technology thing I try to say me too
in a creative way so people don't know
I'm just saying me too because if he's
putting his bucks into a technology that
features isn't good it's probably good
and then what Mark also has is my gift I
can size people up very readily nobody
fools me somehow I get that from my mom
it's just been a witch but mark also can
kick out my own person like that he
knows when somebody's Connie kids
smelling a mile away as do I I've also
learned that when you're a billionaire
it's so different than when you're a
millionaire I mean coming from the rig's
that I came from I thought being a
millionaire was pretty cool till I met
Mark Cuban but when I'm in a deal with
him and I'm thinking about not closing
it and everything's wrong with the deal
I remember the first time I went to mark
on a joint deal and I said mark you know
all this stuff isn't true I'm not
closing on this guy he fooled us and
Mark said ah you don't have to close
barb he's in the makeup chair he says
but I got to keep my guys at the office
busy so I'm closing $500,000 to keep you
guys at the office busy I go to myself
yep that's a billionaire amazing to me
