when I wrote the undoing project I was
not thinking of the American election
and I did not think Donald Trump was
gonna get elected president
people don't like uncertainty and their
minds are tools for making sense of the
world even when the world is senseless
and in their leaders and advisors and
experts they they much prefer
overconfidence total certainty to any
kind of prevarication I'd say part of
the appeal of Trump is that he's
presenting himself as a totally certain
infallible person now an intelligent
person should look at that and say and
run the other way but people don't
almost instinctively he preys on exactly
the weaknesses in the human mind that
they identified simple ones anchoring a
mossad and did these studies where
they'd give their lab subjects a wheel
of fortune with the numbers 1 to 100 on
it and have them spin the wheel and then
after they'd spun the wheel they got a
number asked them what percentage of the
countries in the United Nations do you
think come from Africa and people who
had spun a high number like 90 would
guess a higher number of percentage of
countries from Africa and the United
Nations and people who'd spun a low
number where they showed is that you
could anchor the mind in answering a
question just just with a totally
unrelated piece of number dropped before
Trump it's like anchoring people every
which way you know that there are
millions of illegal loaders everything's
huge I don't think he's doing it
consciously but but he does very well
and kind of inserting himself into those
kind of chinks in our metal armor
you
