here's a crash course in buying denim
for men first and foremost you don't
want them to have too much stretch lycra
is important because lycra helps things
feel really comfortable but you want to
make sure that you're not crossing the
line into what I call jeggings which is
a Jean legging hybrid they're great for
your girlfriend great for your wife not
so great for you so you want to make
sure that whatever the content of cotton
is that it's got to be higher than like
90 to 95 percent once you start adding
in too much lycra the jeans become too
stretchy and they feel like a tight not
a good look speaking of tights I think
the safest bet for men when it comes to
denim is slim so slim is skinnier than
straight but not as tight as skinny slim
is the cut that I think works on every
single body type it doesn't matter what
you're insecure about it really doesn't
matter what your waist size is slim is
always gonna make you look trim and
really on trend for the season I am a
total saver when it comes to denim there
has been so much advancement in the
technology that goes into making really
affordable jeans that are under a
hundred bucks so if you love to splurge
on fashion then go for it don't think
that you have to spend $200 on jeans to
get a great quality pair of denim now
one thing that I always tell men to
avoid with denim is any kind of
detailing it might have been cute a
while ago it's not so cute now you want
to keep things as simple as possible
the stitching should be simple you can
go for an accent on a stitch maybe in a
gold against a really dark blue denim
but you don't want any kind of
embroidery or flowery or any kind of
elevated design on the backs of the
pockets or even at the hem which I have
seen so keep it really simple with the
stitching when you put the jeans on you
want them to feel a little bit tight you
almost want to walk out of the store
thinking that you should lose five
pounds before you wear your jeans and
the reason for that is cotton is going
to stretch it's gonna move and it's
gonna evolve with your body and the more
you wear your jeans the more flexible
it's gonna get a lot of men also like to
buy raw denim most guys I know don't
love the breaking in process for raw
denim it can hurt a little bit when you
walk it's not so comfortable so look for
a raw denim that's already been broken
in it usually says it on the tag and
what that's gonna do is give you that
kind of vintage vibe that you're looking
for that's a little bit
in all the right places but you're not
gonna have to do the hard work and break
them in for yourself when you're trying
on jeans the most important thing to do
is to bring multiple pairs of the same
size into the fitting room every single
pair of jeans is cut differently so even
though you might bring in three 32s into
the dressing room not every single gene
is gonna fit you the exact same way so
make sure and grab as many pairs as you
have time to try on to ensure that you
get the perfect fit for yourself
