regrettably some seem to believe that
the u.s. friendship means the u.s. must
accept any policy regardless of our own
interests our own positions our own
words our own principles
even after urging again and again that
the policy must change friends need to
tell each other the hard truths and
friendships require mutual respect
Israel's permanent representative to the
United Nations who does not support a
two-state solution said after the vote
last week quote it was to be expected
that Israel's greatest ally would act in
accordance with the values that we share
and veto this resolution I am compelled
to respond today that the United States
did in fact vote in accordance with our
values just as previous US
administrations had done at the Security
Council before us they failed to
recognize that this friend the United
States of America that has done more to
support Israel than any other country
this friend that has blocked countless
efforts to delegitimize Israel cannot be
true to our own values or even the
stated democratic values of Israel and
we cannot properly defend and protect
Israel if we allow a viable two-state
solution to be destroyed before our own
eyes
