hi my name is amelia singer and i'm a
wine expert
TV presenter on the wine show and I run
my own wine tasting and consultancy
business
Amelia's wine everyone thinks red wine
and cheese is really great I know it's
really romantic and it's kind of an
iconic image of like Valentine's Day or
some kind of rom-com but wise it really
doesn't do justice to either the wine or
the cheese if you really love both then
you think about this so effectively
cheese can have her own facility
particularly goats and sheeps cheeses
and hard cheeses and when you match it
with a red wine which often doesn't have
the same acidity and actually normally
has quite a bit of tannin and alcohol
what's gonna happen is it's gonna clash
and only exacerbate the acidity and the
tannin and the alcohol levels this is
gonna dry out your wine and it's going
to completely dry out your cheese no go
my own personal pet peeve is that white
wine is served to cold and red wine is
served to warmed why is this important
well when a wine is cold
it basically mutes it that means that
it's not able to express its aroma and
its full range of flavor compounds now
if you have a really cheap insipid white
wine that's fine
my mother is Pinot Grigio with ice
however you know if you are having
something more complex or something
which is really meant to be fruity and
perfumed then take it outside the fridge
maybe pour it in your gloves and just
let it open up a bit for five minutes
same thing for Red's often particularly
with really light aromatic juicy red
wine shove that red wine in the fridge
for half an hour take it out and then
you'll find that instantly the aromas
will become way more intense
it'll be fresher and fruitier and then
what's quite fun is you can just see how
it evolved in your glass
sometimes like people wine just needs to
like breathe and chill out before you're
actually gonna get its true potential
and particularly if you've got really
alcoholic muscular red wine and it's
very young you know it's kind of got
lots of testosterone and you just like
chill out you know so just open it up
you need to pour it out you can pour out
onto a decanter you want to be posh or
you can pour into a water jug basically
anything which will allow the wine to
aerate and release its flavor compounds
in regards to wine glass where people
can get really stressed out which is
again is sad like literally if you have
a beautiful wine you've only got a mug
available just go for it however if you
really want to taste appreciate the
nuances in your glass of wine it can
make a difference you really want to
keep the bubbles in your sparkling wine
carbon dioxide can basically travel up
the glass and keep the bubbles of bubbly
earth when you have a flute which is
this here so and always you want to hold
it down here because you don't want to
heat up your sparkling wine you can hold
a red wine glass like that if you want
to warm up your red wine that is
perfectly perfectly acceptable and I
have sometimes done it this is a white
wine glass when someone serves me Weis
you know white wine which is as cold as
ice and you can't taste anything so then
you know if I want to warm it up then
it's perfectly acceptable by keeping it
narrower and keeping the bowl smaller
you can concentrate the perfume and you
can also keep it cooler and so this
would be perfect for your sobbing on
Blondes your Rieslings anything citrusy
juicy perfumed some I this is great to
really actually help along with the
aeration process do give it a swirl
there is a reason why wine people swell
their glasses it's not purely to be
pretentious it actually does really help
with a tasting process
hmm never do that on the first date but
it is amazing when you really want to
appreciate what's going on and I'm
getting kind of like sour tangy dried
cherries red currants it's really
refreshing but I would definitely say
when you if you're bringing the wines
straight from the fridge and it's more
concentrated give it a little bit of
help with a kind of slightly smaller
flute area and rim area to sniff because
it just keeps everything together really
freshly
you
