imagine building a neighborhood from
scratch right here with these views in
the middle of 21st century Manhattan
it's like the new New York it'll be a
model for the new city I would describe
the Hudson Yards as aspiring to be the
most connected community in the United
States and maybe even the world that's
what's happening here at Hudson Yards on
the far west side one of the biggest and
boldest Gamble's in New York City's
history it is about thirty five blocks
that was essentially Manhattan's last
frontier so it was a wasteland sitting
in the middle of midtown Manhattan
filled with vacant lots parking lots and
at the very center of it were six blocks
of rail yards that people have been
talking about doing something with
literally for almost a hundred years
those rail yards are the amazing thing
now invisible below us right here at the
center of the current Hudson Yards
construction site the first round was
broken in December of 2012 job one was
building the huge platform the top of 30
active train lines creating the
foundation for what one writer called
this city on stilts
trains come in in the morning rush hour
then they roll out in the evening rush
hour and that means that we are always
building over operating real yard so
that's like open-heart surgery though
because all those tracks are there we
can only put foundations in between the
tracks so the structural engineering is
really an amazing
so below the railyards we have a number
of tunnels and below the tunnels we've
been law but the foundation for all of
these buildings are large six foot
diameter caissons massive quantities of
Steel had been fabricated in sites
around the world just for 430 Hudson
Yards in the retail alone we ordered
that was one big steel order that was a
hundred thousand tons of steel this all
began with former New York City Mayor
Mike Bloomberg who imagined a new
Westside as part of an Olympic stream
the stadium didn't happen but his vision
for Hudson Yards prevailed the project
is most often compared to as Rockefeller
Center in the 30s it's bigger than
Rockefeller Center I think it's the
biggest private development in the
history of the u.s. we're going to be in
the twenty five billion dollar range by
the time we're finished and I don't
think there's anything comes close to
that by 2025 Hudson Yards is expected to
be a vibrant 24/7 neighborhood there
will be a new public school and fourteen
acres of gardens and open space complete
with a major art piece by star British
designer Thomas Heather wick it will be
a true test of a smart city with sensors
monitoring everything from air quality
to wind to people to cars all the
buildings are on a conversion Network
all the buildings are connected by fiber
we got an exclusive look into the new
neighborhood as it starts to rise around
us
the monster 90 story building 30 Hudson
Yards will house the new Time Warner
headlines with respectable
it'll be the highest outdoor observation
deck in the city and 30 Autzen yards
will be the second highest office
building in New York second only to one
World Trade Center next to it the major
retail Center is going up
it houses the cogeneration technology to
keep the neighborhoods lights on but the
city's grid goes down here the first
building to open offices for anchor
tenants including coach and si P and
right here will be the cultural center
there will be a movable shed that moves
into the plaza to create outdoor space
no question this is a pricey development
despite some affordable housing along
the Hudson will be waterfront residences
price from 2 million to 30 million
dollars plus an equinox and it's luxury
hotel to make this neighborhood work you
needed a subway line in the city
delivered the new 7 train stop that
opened in 2015 was paid for by a
controversial three billion dollar bond
offering that now belatedly is just
starting to pay off
and a payoff for New Yorkers was always
a focus and so the zoning is very
unusual on the site were required at 50%
of our site open to the sky that's a
very uh New York thing
the squaring Gardens will be filled with
2,800 species of plants and trees
growing above the train tracks and those
tracks are hot so we 15 jet engines that
can ventilate below not just for regular
ventilation but
smokers in the event of fire and also
right now the railyards they run
electrical trains but they want to
reserve the option to run all diesel
power trains if they wanted to so we
need to keep the air fresh for the
railyards below us so those are our air
conditioning treatments and it's so it's
a bit of a science project and but you
think we got everything
Hudson Yards represents an unusual
marshalling of public and private
resources and billionaire developer
Steve Ross was a key player thing I you
have to remember about Steve Ross's he
agreed to actually become the developer
in the spring of 2008 after he signed
the deal the financial world melted down
it would have been so easy to just back
away but he never did so in terms of
public/private partnership the city
really set the stage for Hudson Yards
city made an investment private sector
invested on top of that the city reaps
the benefits the final costs remain to
be single but those who created Hudson
Yards believe that will ultimately
produce a profit for the city of more
than 1 billion dollars a year you know I
look I'm an optimist about government
and I look around the country and I look
around the world and I see cities
everywhere and of doing what I think are
really impressive things connected to
the successful hyaline the new Hudson
Yards neighborhood is creating something
new where there is essentially nothing
before really didn't displace anything
in New York I don't think anyone will
miss the open rail yards that was kind
of a hole between neighborhoods in New
York City we're not only creating a
neighborhood in a large space but it's
just it's all it's just in the hats in
New York City and I think it's a
wonderful ad we've worked hard to plan
to make it a great great place to be it
was an unusual combination of people
coming together at a moment at their
core what all of them believed in was in
the future of
you
