these are the questions you need to ask
yourself to determine whether or not
you're a narcissist how capable am i of
entering into the feelings of other
people how capable am i of sharing their
pain and really feeling for them not
just pitying them from a superior
perspective and second how much am I
able to tolerate the success of other
people how threatened do I feel by the
success of other people if I have to be
the only one if anytime somebody else
succeeds and it calls my selfish
self-image into question that's a pretty
good sign that I'm dealing with
narcissism if you find that you really
don't care much about other people or
you view them as competitors or people
to enlist in the service of advancing
your own agenda
if you view yourself as exceptional
different from other people that's a
pretty good sign that you're a
narcissist narcissists at the extreme
end really build themselves up by
knocking other people down or triumphing
over them they view themselves as
winners and want to prove that everybody
else is losers so I think it's in this
way that ability to leave room for other
people and not feel you have to be the
only one that's the distinction
