I'm asking you a simple question does
the president-elect accept the consensus
and that's what John Brennan said it was
the consensus of the Intel community
about Russian interference and its
intent
does the president elect accept the
consensus of the Intel community well I
think a lot of these things though Chris
are coming through third parties I mean
we haven't heard from call me when when
collapse what CIA director Brennan you
think he's lying about what Jim call me
think no I don't I don't think he is but
it sure would be nice to hear from
everybody I mean if there is this
conclusive opinion among all of these
intelligence agencies than they should
issue a report or they should stand in
front of a camera and make the case I'm
asking you a simple question does the
president-elect accept the consensus and
that's what John Brennan said it was the
consensus of the Intel community about
Russian interference and its intent I
think he would accept the conclusion if
these intelligence professionals would
get together put out a report show the
American People that are actually on the
same page as opposed to third parties
through the Washington Post third party
right but John you haven't heard of your
class right but we haven't we haven't
heard from call me does president Trump
accept or trust the intelligence
community this is the CIA director
saying that's not a third party or does
he trust the Russian denials look III
think that they're almost there except
for the fact that they haven't been
totally upfront and transparent in their
opinion as to who what where and how
this all happened and I think they'll
get there and when they do we can hear
from the president-elect and get his
opinion
