nASA has a great great website called
NASA NASA technology in your life and if
you go to that website you'll you'll be
amazed at how things that are around you
every day are actually spin-offs from
NASA technology obviously as we push
technology forward to build lighter
spacecraft more powerful and efficient
solar panels those are easy kind of
things for people to say oh yeah I can
see how the space Space Agency is
involved in that but i'm not sure people
understand that for example deicing
aircraft nasa and benedict grooves on
runways and roads to make water wick
away so that they're safer NASA invented
that those little winglets on the end of
airplanes to make them more efficient
from NASA the this is maybe trivial but
I'm a downhill skier flexible ski boots
NASA technology am on a more serious
note ninety-five percent of infant
formulas are supplemented by a
nutritional supplement that was
developed to help keep the astronauts
healthy up on the International Space
Station ninety-five percent of infant
formulas helping save babies around the
world water purification system that we
use on the International Space Station
we've developed a portable version that
we take into disaster zones around the
world so NASA technology is in your life
every day you might just not know it
