we have the privilege and the honor and
really the duty to announce Business
Insider's 2016 car of the year we're
very proud to announce that it is the
Acura NSX so NSX is the big winner right
and our five runners-up were a Ferrari
488 GTB mm-hmm we had the mclaren 570s
yeah so we've got a couple pretty snazzy
sports cars in there then we had the
Audi a4 right the Jaguar at Pace the
first SUV the Jaguar has ever created
and the Cadillac ct-6 the new flagship
sedan that's right so two sedans one SUV
and three supervisors yeah
congratulations
Acura on producing a fantastic car
jaw-droppingly beautiful really fast
really cool really comfortable with a
tremendous story behind it and on the
road it is it is amazing it's just
amazing it's very comfortable as
supercar is gonna work you know some
supercars are not intended to be
comfortable but once you turn that into
the into track mode and then the
personality of the car changes
completely and we talked about the the
hybrid system which is part of the
incredible tech package this car has
because it's a it's a three and a half
litre twin-turbocharged v6 producing 500
horsepower but it also has not one not
two but three electric motors the way
that the car accelerates has a lot to do
especially in launch mode with those
electric motors because for the first
you know 20 or 30 miles an hour it's all
electric the car is actually very silent
and then the turbos kick in and then you
just feel like a punch to your kidney it
feels like a kidney punch and the car
just goes in terms of how it looks
though all right now this is this is
what's interesting because when I first
saw it on the show floor at the Auto
Show I thought I looks okay you know but
hey the Ford GT over there that's a much
hotter car right come on right as soon
as this thing hit on the worst day that
we have had to photograph a car shooting
video of a car it was just as hot
there's this droning wet cold gray day
as soon as that car or car landed at our
you know offices here in New York City I
would
vaporized by how good it work I just
couldn't take my eyes off of it in
recent years though the company is
really chance are struggled for an
identity trying to figure out what they
want to be are we
Foreman's brand or are we are pure
luxury brand are we aiming for a
Mercedes is that where we're trying to
do so these guys have been racking their
brains and trying to find direction and
with with a high-tech halo product at
the top of the lineup you kind of have a
better idea
it sets the tone if that's the direction
for what the brand wants to be and
that's what high tech performance bravo
acura run no job fantastic car car for
the ages absolutely fantastic piece of
work
