joggers are one of the biggest trends in
men's fashion right now and I totally
understand why they're super comfortable
they have a very like downtown cool vibe
about them but the question I always get
is can I wear them to the office and the
most important question there is what
kind of office do you work in if you
work in a law firm you're not gonna get
away with joggers even on a casual
Friday if you work in a more creative
feel like advertising or creative
writing yes of course you can get away
with wearing joggers to the office then
it becomes a question of how do i style
them and what's the fabrication on the
jogger if you're joggers are made of the
same thing that your old school high
school sweatpants are that you sit
around and watch football with you
cannot wear those to the office I don't
care how stylish you are how well put
together you wear them with you just
can't wear them if they're made of the
same fabric that say a khaki pant is
made up like the Chino material then yes
I think you can wear them to the office
the key is that you want to keep them
very well tailored you don't want them
to be a really baggy and you also want
to do in a darker color so Navy a
charcoal gray even black works for sure
and then it's all about what you put on
top because you want to balance out the
fact that the bottom is really casual so
a button-down maybe a half a zip sweater
and a blazer on top could definitely
work with the jogger in the office and
then don't wear sneakers with them I
think you could do kind of like a really
casual boot almost so it looks more like
a skinny jean than a jogger so yes they
have their place in certain offices just
not every office
