I think that one big thing that I
realize from working with you know
traditional financial planning clients
who tend to be wealthier and have more
assets to go into working with
Millennials and younger clients that
might be higher income high income
earners but just haven't had the time to
accumulate assets one big thing that you
know more wealthy people do is they
budget yearly and I think that this is a
really interesting concept where as the
year is you know coming to a close here
really take a look back at you know what
did you put on your credit cards and if
you put your monthly spending on your
credit cards or how much did you spend
from your checking account
what's your rent amount and really
adding up that and then looking at okay
what kind of vacations did we take what
kinds of you know one-time things were
there because what happens with monthly
budgeting is there's always something
that comes up you know every month or
two there's something different whether
it's a vet bill or a medical expense or
a home repair or a vacation and so when
we budget monthly we have a tough time
forecasting that we're actually going to
need extra money throughout the year to
pay for these irregular expenses even if
it's things like your car insurance
premiums and when we look at our budget
on a yearly basis we're much more
mindful of oh yeah I pay my life
insurance premiums yearly we take a
family vacation every year and it's X
amount of dollars and so I really
encourage you to take a look and say if
I were to budget yearly about how much
money would I need for these different
things and that's gonna make you really
prepare you to plan for 2017 and figure
out okay how much should I put into
these different accounts per month if I
want to have that money there when we
take that next family vacation or
whatever that that expenses that's you
know
irregular but it's still part of that
yearly budget
