the principle that comes up a lot is
asking absurd questions the people who
get uncommon results generally ask
really uncommon questions you might grab
peter thiel in the news quite a bit
these days
serial billionaire who asks questions
like why can't you accomplish your
ten-year plan in the next six months
okay that seems like an impossible task
or Peter Diamandis chairman of the
XPrize and known for trying to solve
some of humanity's biggest problems
he'll ask entrepreneurs who want him to
invest in their companies if you had to
10x the economics of your company in the
next say three months how would you do
it and if they say that's impossible he
says I don't accept that answer try
again let's say you own a business and
you feel like you're burning the candle
both ends if I had to take an eight-week
off-the-grid vacation what what I have
to do what systems and policies about
any put in place for that to be possible
these types of questions force you to
abandon your previous constraints and
assumptions and all of that that you've
used to make these incremental decisions
they just don't work so those get broken
and you would journal on these it's not
enough to think about them for 10
seconds so I would you say the morning
pages or some other type of journaling
in which I do almost every morning -
then just stream-of-consciousness
explore these things and that's led to
some of the biggest breakthroughs
personally for me as well another
principle is defining the worst case
scenario so Jamie Foxx he instills
confidence in his kids by asking them
when they're ever nervous or afraid of
something what's on the other side of
fear and his answer is nothing all right
you're afraid of it what's the worst
that could happen all right and then and
then what and then what and then what
once you really get specific with your
fears and take the time to put them
under a microscope they lose their power
over you generally because they end up
being temporary or reversible or tiny
risks or all three so those are a few of
the principles that come to mind there
are a lot but those are those are a few
