let's be honest we don't know exactly
what the dates and our food man there's
sell by date used by date best diffused
by date
closed by date hahaha I'm gonna check my
dates here's the truth about all these
dates
none of them necessarily have anything
to do with food safety
let's start by decoding these terms sell
by date this date tells a store house to
display that product for according to
the USDA this is in no way the
expiration date used by date also not an
expiration date this is the date the
manufacturer of the product feels said
product will be at its peak best if used
by day kind of the same as the last one
but more obvious this date is for best
flavor or quality but the USDA points
out this is not a safety date closed or
coded dates I don't think I've ever seen
this one but if you do know it's the
packing number that is used for the
manufacturer notice none of these dates
are used to determine when the product
becomes unsafe to eat except for baby
formula the FDA does not prevent the
sale of food that is past these dates
nor do they require these dates to be on
any of these products these dates are
entirely at the discretion of the
manufacturer so the dates you see on
these products are not an expiration
date I'm not going to be the one
responsible for getting you sick so
still consume at your own risk
