I've been using q-tips for my entire
life the reason I use them is simple -
ever so gently dig out mounds of gooey
orange wax from inside my inner ear it's
quite disgusting but it's actually a
part of my hygiene regimen that I look
forward to because it actually feels
really good but what I didn't realize
that I'm not supposed to put q-tips in
my ears don't believe me here's some
proof right on the side of this box of
q-tips where it says do not insert swab
into ear canal that seems pretty clear
the truth is cotton swabs were never
intended for ear care they were invented
in 1923 by this guy
Leo Gersten zhang and they weren't
originally called q-tips they were
called baby gays
that's because they were intended to
gently apply ointment and other products
to baby's skin then they were called
q-tips baby gays the Q stands for
quality then they dropped the baby gaze
and just stuck with q-tips and pretty
soon people started realizing that it
felt really good to jam these suckers in
your ear canal but you're not supposed
to do that in fact we need earwax our
body creates it to protect the ear canal
shoving a q-tip in your ear can actually
push the earwax further down the ear
canal and create a blockage it can
result in pain a ringing sensation and
even hearing loss there are ear wax
blockage remedies that don't involve
jamming this thing into your ear but ear
candling isn't one of them the Mayo
Clinic said that clinical trials showed
that there's no medical benefit to ear
candling and you're actually putting
yourself at risk for catching your hair
on fire so if you think you do have a
legit ear wax blockage you go see a
doctor as it says here on the Box q-tips
have a variety of uses the most popular
use is actually the most harmful
you
