I never thought you would be the last
minute in my life my name is Hans early
I'm your skin the factor and I grew up
inside North Korea and I left the
country when I was 17 and I wrote my
memoir called the Grove isn't seven
names as on the screen you know living
the border is a very difficult and then
it becoming more difficult right now
after the regime changes but during that
time since I lived right next the border
with China
we had a very relationships with the
border guards as I said to the many
times uncles or brothers you know so it
wasn't very difficult for me to cross
the border what was the most difficult
for me cross the border was a that I
didn't tell my mom that I'm leaving the
country because uh I thought I believed
I will come back soon
to North Korea to find out the truth
after sido China myself with my own eyes
I never thought it would be the last
minute in my life when I say goodbye to
my mom she I lied to her that I'm
visiting my friends I thought it was one
week it would be take one week but it
took total time was up nearly 14 years
to me to see her again in my life
crossing the border was a when I wrapped
the border was in front of my house it's
just a few steps only few steps and then
I told the border guards that I want to
piss my relatives in China and I were
coming back that's why he even heard me
to cross the border the other border
guards if we see that moment or sunako
for him so he just look around why are
not people watching he gave me a sign
when you have to cross he saw on the
other side which is in Chinese side that
there is a one man was standing there so
he just call him to come to the North
Korean side and he just favored to him
to ask him to if he can ping me where to
cross the border so it was a very lucky
moment that compared to other the
factors because of
have to risk their life by crossing the
border
I certainly became orphan and I had to
survive myself I had to feed myself I
have to earn money in China the most
difficult words I had to hide from the
Chinese authorities since I became
illegal migrants in China it was a very
tough to deal as a 17 years old girl you
know
