if you're dealing with people's
livelihoods you sure the world ought to
know what the numbers are I will tell
you that united technologies and carrier
stepped it up and now they're keeping
actually the numbers over 1,100 people
which is so great which is so good when
carrier announced the closed down the
whole facility in February they
announced step one time their research
and development jobs about 350 I'm where
we're going to remain here in
Indianapolis then when mr. Trump got
involved what the actual number of jobs
saved is 730 bargaining unit jobs the
workers of the union members in another
70 office supervisory clerical workers
from management and what they're doing
they're counting in 350 some odd more
than we're never leaving this country at
all yeah I think he's did a lot of
negotiations than I have likewise and if
you're dealing with people's livelihoods
you sure the world ought to know what
the numbers are
I just wish it he'd have had the numbers
down and he had have been up front with
800 people's jobs staying here in
Indianapolis because we had a lot of our
members when the word was coming out of
1100 they thought that they would have a
job in order then they find out the next
day after a nice friday that most likely
they weren't a 550 we're still gonna
lose our jobs
bye
