when you do find yourself in a full-on
networking event you know let's say it's
a cocktail party or a happy hour one of
the most effective tips you can use is
just to shift your mindset so instead of
the mindset of thinking what am I going
to say to these people instead go in
there and think how can I make the
people around me comfortable
the biggest misconception about
introverts is that they're antisocial
they're not antisocial they're not
misanthropic you're differently social
introverts in general prefer to invest
their energies into a few close
friendships sometimes people ask me well
if you're an introvert how do you go
about making new friends and I think the
answer really is more or less the same
as it would be for an extrovert which is
we tend to make friends most easily with
people who we feel some kind of
connection with you know people who feel
like a kindred spirit whether just in
terms of what their worldview is or in
terms of shared interests and shared
passions don't put so much pressure on
yourself to do the ones that you don't
like and instead actively seek out the
ones that you do if you think that
you're too introverted and that's
holding you back you will be so much
more powerful once you really come to
terms with who you are I see this again
and again there's a kind of paradox that
the more peace people have with
themselves the more powerful they are in
externally oriented roles like a job
interview or a negotiation or something
like that and if you need to get a sense
of that peace one way to do it is to
look for role models of people who you
think have a personality style similar
to yours and who are doing the kinds of
things that you want to do in the world
I've gone through a real evolution when
it comes to public speaking because I
used to be terrified of public speaking
and I saw it as a terror so profound
that there was no way to overcome it but
here's the thing for those of you who
feel this way whether it's about public
speaking or any other kind of fear the
way to conquer it is you have to expose
yourself to the thing that you fear in
very small manageable bite-sized steps
so you don't begin by giving a TED talk
you have to start really slowly so you
might instead like sign up for
Toastmasters you know sign up for your
local chapter where you're gonna be in a
setting of supportive people and it's
safe and it doesn't matter how much you
screw up and little by little by little
the horror will start to recede and
you'll be able to bring your personality
into the room with you
imagine that you're the host imagine you
go up to somebody is your job to make
them feel good and that's gonna change
completely your demeanor and your body
language and then if you couple that
also with the idea of every single
person has at least one usually many
more fascinating things about them and
my job is to tap into my natural
curiosity and figure out what that
fascinating thing is that also is going
to serve you really well it can be very
helpful to prepare a couple of topics
that you might want to talk about or
questions to ask but really at the end
of the day it's about a shift in mindset
