I've been testing out the snapchat
spectacles
this is them they retail for a hundred
and thirty dollars and they allow you to
record video with a camera inside the
sunglasses you control the camera by
pressing this button here and then the
light comes on and while this light is
on that means you're recording and it
only records in 10 second bursts so this
is how it looks when you shoot the video
this is the the video shot with
spectacles in its raw form it's a circle
but it's different when you bring it
into the snapchat platform this is what
it looks like when you're viewing a
story that's been taken with the
spectacles in snapchat which is really
cool
they're awesome thank you thank you this
is the case and the case is crucial here
because the case is how you charge it up
the case is pretty cumbersome like this
won't stick in your pocket I don't know
what pocket this will fit into maybe
like a starter bomber jacket so as you
can see I've had a blast trying these
out sort of figuring out fun ways to use
the spectacles played ping-pong with one
of my buddies gotten some food enjoyed a
banana stuff like that so the question
is would I pay 130 dollars for these
snapchat spectacles I probably wouldn't
just because I'm not an an active enough
snapchat user I have it on my phone I
find it entertaining but it's not like a
tool I use every day but if you're
somebody that actively posts on snapchat
that uses it to communicate and also
uses it's like build your brand I think
these are a great investment because it
gives you a really unique dynamic
perspective and just changes the way
that your stories are told that you're
not getting when you're just kind of
walking around with your phone
you
